Chandrababu Naidu outlines a vision for smart Andhra PradeshChandrababu Naidu outlines a vision for ‘smart Andhra Pradesh’
N Ramakrishnan
Tweet
Tirupati, December 11:  
Andhra Pradesh has asked consultancy firm KPMG to come up with a report on what needs to be done to make it easy to do business in the State.
Inaugurating the 12th edition of the infrastructure summit organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry here today, Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu said he had asked KPMG to submit the report within two months, after studying all the problems. The idea was to speed up all clearances and make it easy to do business in Andhra Pradesh.
You name any best practice in the world, Andhra Pradesh must have it, he said.
The theme of this edition of the infrastructure summit -- Summinfra – is “building sustainable smart infrastructure.” Over the next two days, the conference will discuss what constitutes a smart city and how to build a smart city.
While Prime Minister Narendra Modi had outlined his idea of having 100 smart cities in the country, Chandrababu Naidu said his dream was to have a “smart Andhra Pradesh.” Towards this end, he was discussing with various people, including delegations from other countries, on what needs to be done.
Andhra Pradesh would have a modern capital, two or three international airports and a few smaller airports. He wanted to create a optical fibre corporation that would ensure high speed last mile connectivity to every household in all the villages, for them to become knowledge hubs.
The Chief Minister said Andhra Pradesh had natural advantages in a long coastline with a couple of deep water ports. He would strive to create a few more ports, develop roads to the hinterland and also develop inland waterways, both for commerce and tourism.
Chandrababu Naidu said he would invite NGOs, companies, NRIs to adopt one village each and then would ask officers to go and provide the management bandwidth in these villages so that each one of them developed. It was not necessary to have only smart cities; smart villages and towns were just as important, he said.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

The Rewards of Power (And Why Women Are Missing Out)reddit
"I didn't realize before I became editor-in-chief how much I was going to enjoy being in charge," says Joanna Coles, under whose leadership Cosmopolitan has become the world's most-read women's monthly magazine with 100 million readers in more than 100 countries. "I've been so exhilarated creating direction for this magazine, seeing my ideas of what a magazine for women should be and watching it take shape. Of course, I'm not doing this on my own. But I'm the person making the decisions. It's absolutely fabulous."
Although societal norms have shifted as more women assume positions of power, few stories extol their sense of fulfillment, intellectual excitement and sheer joy inherent in having the top job. Instead, the prevalent narrative is still one of sacrifice: the toll career ambitions take on one's personal life.
New research from the Center for Talent Innovation shows that a profound misunderstanding prevents women from giving full rein to their aspirations. Too many women step off the fast track because they see an executive role delivering a hefty salary but little else that they value. The fact is, according to Women Want Five Things , rather than a limitation, power can enhance both their professional and personal lives.
Women do not understand that power can give them what they want. They perceive the burdens of leadership outweighing the benefits -- a perception shared by 60 percent of U.S. women and 65 percent of U.K. women. In fact, our data reveals, power is what allows women to thrive.
A closer look at what mid-career women (ages 35 to 50) want from their careers exposes their misunderstanding of power and illuminates the benefits it can bring. They want to:
Flourish. The majority of women without power -- 82 percent of women in the U.S. and 78 percent in the U.K. -- believe that an executive position would not allow them to flourish. In fact, 58 percent of women with power in the U.S. and 36 percent in the U.K. report having the ability to flourish.
Reach for meaning and purpose. The majority of women without power -- 74 percent in the U.S. and 72 percent in the UK -- expect that an executive position would not allow them to have a lasting impact in their profession, advance causes important to them, and be a role model for their family and community. In fact, more than a third of women with power -- 63 percent in the U.S. and 40 percent in the U.K. -- say their careers offer them that opportunity to reach for meaning and purpose.
Excel. Women want intellectual challenge in order to enhance their knowledge and become a recognized expert in their field. Thirty percent of women without power in the U.S. don't expect that possibility from an executive position. In fact, 87 percent of women with power in the U.S. report being able to excel.
Empower others and be empowered. The majority of women without power -- 86 percent in the U.S. and the U.K. -- believe that an executive position would not afford them the ability to empower others and be empowered: that is, have sponsors -- senior colleagues willing to take a bet on them and advocate for their next big opportunity - and build a network of protégés who expand their capabilities, extend their reach and burnish their brand. In fact, 61 percent of women with power in the U.S. and 35 percent in the U.K. enjoy the ability to empower others and be empowered.
Earn well. Women say it's important to them to attain financial security and financial independence, as well as to sustain a comfortable lifestyle for themselves, their children and their parents. Some 71 percent of women without power in the U.S. and 55 percent in the U.K. expect an executive position would allow them to earn well. In fact, only 37 percent of women with power in the U.S. and 24 percent in the U.K. report earning well.
When women perceive that an executive role will satisfy their value proposition, they reclaim their ambition for leadership. U.K. women who anticipate getting what they want are 4.3 times as likely (43 percent vs. 10 percent) to aspire to a position of power as those who do not anticipate fulfillment; for U.S. women, expectation of fulfillment impacts aspiration by nearly 3 times (34 percent vs. 12 percent). Our data shows that high-achieving women have the requisite skills and commitment to go for the top job. Many also have the desire.
But taking on the responsibilities, sustaining the pace, and fulfilling the requirements of a senior leadership role requires extraordinary support systems: trusted lieutenants and a deep bench of talent; powerful allies and extensive networks; reliable service providers; and coaches, mentors and, most particularly, sponsors willing to teach, protect and promote them as women navigate the corridors of power.
Without these career boosters, many talented women falter and their ambition seeps away. Despite blasting through performance targets, they steer away from stretch assignments or high-profile projects that might vault them into jobs whose demands they fear will be costly. Unfortunately -- for them and for their employer -- in too many cases, there's no role model or sponsor to change their mind.
"We have to truly understand how best to support women on the path to more senior roles," stated Cynthia Bowman, a leadership development executive at Bank of America (a sponsor of this research). Women make up more than 54 percent of Bank of America's workforce and their success is a priority for the company, she adds.
To ensure that talented women stay on track for leadership roles, companies must work to change women's perceptions of what powerful positions entail. They must provide role models who give voice to the substantial joys and rewards of leadership, thus inspiring more qualified women to stay connected through the difficult mid-career years. They must sustain women's ambition, both by meeting their needs as they progress toward leadership and by ensuring that leadership actually delivers on women's value proposition.
"Women are fiercely ambitious and are proven drivers of innovation across industries. Companies who commit to helping female talent realize their aspirations and better understand the opportunities that power can bring will see more of them pursuing top roles, and benefit from their leadership." said Valerie Grillo, Chief Diversity Officer, American Express (lead sponsor of this research).
In short, when women can expect an executive role to fulfill their value proposition, they both reclaim and sustain their ambition, and enjoy the perquisites of success. That kind of satisfaction, as Joanna Coles discovered, is powerful stuff.
Follow Sylvia Ann Hewlett on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SAHewlett
More:

Make in India  Shouldn t Merely Focus on Manufacturing: RBI ChiefMake in India  Shouldn t Merely Focus on Manufacturing: RBI Chief
Facebook drops Microsoft s Bing from Facebook search resultsFacebook drops Microsoft s Bing from Facebook search results
Time for the UN to get out of climate changeTime for the UN to get out of climate change
Experts say arrest of ISIS twitter handler a wake-up callExperts say arrest of ISIS twitter handler a wake-up call
The Nun From Iowa Who Brought Faith To Contemporary Artreddit
American artist Corita Kent -- a celebrated designer, teacher, activist and feminist -- wore many hats. She also occasionally wore a habit. That's because the contemporary art heroine, born in Iowa and brought to fame in Los Angeles and Boston, was also known as Sister Mary Corita Kent. She was a nun.
Kent's images were wildly popular in the 1960s and '70s. The graphic designs, neon green and pink and red and yellow, quickly became symbols for social movements across the country. She'd cast famous quotes and bible verses in loud lettering that ran backwards, forwards and upside down. Floating shapes and disruptive stripes would weave in and out of the posters, peeking out from behind activist-friendly cries like Philip Roth's, "Life is a complicated business fraught with mystery and some sunshine," and Albert Camus', "Should like to be able to love my country and love justice."
Corita Kent, M however measured, 1968, courtesy of Corita Art Center, Los Angeles
Kent was born in Fort Dodge, Iowa, but grew up in Hollywood, joining L.A.'s Sisters of the Immaculate Heart as a young woman. Her posters gained attention when she began teaching art at the Immaculate Heart College. In 1952, her print "The Lord is With Thee" earned first price in a printmaking competition at the Los Angeles County Museum, and later at the California State Fair. By 1964, she was the chair of Art Department at Immaculate Heart, making friends with Buckminster Fuller, Charles Eames and Harvey Cox.
She went on to leave the sisterhood, move to Boston, and win the hearts of critics as a professional, established artist, continuing to blend street art motifs with Warholian nods to consumer culture. " She let graffiti wander around her serigraphs like toy cars wound up and released on the kitchen floor," The New York Times published in the 1980s.
Corita Kent, for emergency use soft shoulder, 1966, Collection of the Frances Young Tang Teaching Museum and Art Gallery, Skidmore College
Many have likened her designs, which also appeared on products like book sleeves and greeting cards, to grocery store signage and magazine advertisements -- only instead of circular promotions or perfume samples, her art oozed theology, philosophy and popular song lyrics. She'd invoke everyone from God to Gertrude Stein in her efforts to protest the Vietnam war, advocate for civil rights and generally demonstrate the power of art to reach masses. She worked with everyone from Amnesty International to Physicians for Social Responsibility, even designing a " LOVE" stamp for the U.S. Postal System.
"As a teacher, Corita inspired her students to discover new ways of experiencing the world by seeking out revelation in everyday events," the Pasadena Museum of California Art writes. “I am not brave enough to not pay my income tax and risk going to jail," Kent famously declared. " But I can say rather freely what I want to say with my art .”
Kent died nearly three decades ago, after a battle with cancer. But her words and work certainly live on. Those in Boston know it better than most, especially the Interstate 93 commuters who often pass the massive gas tank in Dorchester, covered in her simple " Rainbow Swash ." Now, residents of Pittsburgh can prepare for their own taste of Kent. The Andy Warhol Museum is staging " Someday is Now: The Art of Corita Kent ," which opens to the public on January 31, 2015. If you can't make the drive to Pennsylvania, we have a preview below. Let us know your thoughts in the comments.
Immaculate Heart College Art Department, Los Angeles, c. 1955, courtesy of Corita Art Center, Los Angeles
Corita Kent, things go better with, 1967, courtesy of Corita Art Center, Los Angeles
Corita Kent, who came out of the water, 1966, Collection of the Frances Young Tang Teaching Museum and Art Gallery, Skidmore College
Corita Kent, E eye love, 1968, courtesy of Corita Art Center, Los Angeles
Corita Kent, manflowers, 1969, Collection of the Frances Young Tang Teaching Museum and Art Gallery, Skidmore College
Corita Kent, all the nations shall come, 1955, courtesy of Corita Art Center, Los Angeles
All images courtesy of the Andy Warhol Museum
Earlier on HuffPost:

IS justifies enslaving  having sex with  non-believersprint
The Sunni jihadi organisation Islamic State (IS) has justified the enslavement of non-Muslim women and children and sexual intercourse with them, not sparing even pre-pubescent girls.
This message has been propagated by an IS pamphlet titled "Question and Answers on Female Slaves and their Freedom", which was distributed to the people of the Iraqi city of Mosul, which the extremists control, after sunset Friday, CNN reported Saturday.
The pamphlet also claimed that non-Muslim women and children could be sold off and given as gifts to others.
"Most (of us) are shocked, but (we) cannot do much about it," said a resident of Mosul about the IS pamphlet.
Many accounts of the IS kidnapping, selling and raping women and children have surfaced since the group began its brutal run through Syria and Iraq, according to the CNN report.
These are on top of other allegations, such as the killings of innocent civilians simply because they did not subscribe to the IS's extreme take on the Sharia law.
The IS militants have justified their actions -- like the beheadings of journalists and aid workers -- in god's name.
Even then, it is rare to see its rationale being laid out as plainly as in this pamphlet distributed in Mosul, the report noted.
The document explained that capturing women is permissible if they were "non-believers". The pamphlet added that female slaves were women that Muslims took from their enemies.
Much of the pamphlet talks about the IS's policy on having sexual intercourse with a female slave, something that the group cites the Islamic holy text Quran to justify.
The pamphlet lays down other rules as well and makes it clear that the captors have full control of their captives.
This document marks the most detailed, albeit not the first, justification for enslaving "non-believers", as defined by the IS, according to the report.
"IS is drawing these rulings from ancient Middle Eastern and Mediterranean codes of conduct for war and prisoners," said Abbas Barzegar, professor of religious studies at Georgia State University in the US.
"Muslim leaders and lay practitioners the world over continue to condemn the IS and find its alien interpretation of Islam grotesque and abhorrent," Barzegar noted.
None of the IS's rationalisations hold up however, Seton Hall University law school professor Bernard Freamon wrote on the CNN website last month.
"This argument is plainly wrong, hypocritical and astonishingly ahistorical, relying on male fantasies, inspired by stories from the days of imperial Islam," said Freamon.
 

The Ashok Chawla Interview!The Ashok Chawla Interview!
Court orders closure of Delhi bio-medical disposal plantCourt orders closure of Delhi bio-medical disposal plant
Gold firms up on strong seasonal uptick; silver plungesGold firms up on strong seasonal uptick; silver plunges
Pranab Mukherjee undergoes angioplasty at Army hospitalPrez Pranab undergoes angioplasty at Army hospital
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 13, 2014
First Published: 20:45 IST(13/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:15 IST(14/12/2014)
Comments
President Pranab Mukherjee, 79, reportedly underwent an angioplasty on Saturday to remove a blockage in one of the arteries. He was admitted to Army Research and Referral Hospital here on Saturday afternoon after he initially complained of stomach upset.
Sources said that the heart procedure was done as doctors at the Army's Research and Referral hospital installed a coronary stent in his artery to remove a blockage. Rashtrapati Bhavan, when contacted, neither confirmed nor denied the report. President’s press secretary Venu Rajamoni told HT in the evening, “He is absolutely fine now. The President will return home on Monday.”
“Mukherjee complained of stomach ache in the morning after which he was brought to the hospital where doctors attending on him suggested that he should be admitted for a day. He is under observation and there is no cause of concern,” said hospital sources.
Mukherjee, who turned 79 on Thursday, was admitted to the hospital around 2.30 pm after he had complained of stomach ache and dizziness, said sources. Mukherjee’s personal physician too, had been from the Indian Army.
The President, who walks everyday at the Mughal Ganrdens to keep himself fit also maintains a strict diet regime. Earlier, Mukherjee never suffered any heart ailment but only had complained about occasional back aches.
Press Secretary Venu Rajamony also added that The President's health is being monitored and there is no cause of concern".

Surfing s Most Hallowed (And Beautiful) Ritualreddit
Last week, the world’s most revered big wave surfers joined hands in a floating circle at the mouth of Oahu’s Waimea Bay while hundreds of people watched from the beach. The ocean gently rocked the group while words of love and bravery were spoken about the legendary Hawaiian lifeguard and waterman Eddie Aikau .
Then, cheers and “cheehoo’s!” erupted, flower lei were thrown into the air and hands splashed the water around them, like a drifting liquid wreath.
Surfers around the world practice this ritual, known as a memorial paddle out, usually to honor the life of a fallen surfer, but oceanside communities have also adopted the custom. Students at the University of California Santa Barbara, for instance, held one after a tragic shooting rampage tore through the Isla Vista community.
A photo posted by Matt Pau| Catalano (@mattttpaul) on
Dec 12, 2014 at 11:20pm PST
The Waimea Bay ceremony -- held annually at the beach where Aikau saved dozens of lives as a lifeguard -- is arguably one of the sport’s most exalted paddle outs. It marks the beginning of the Quiksilver in Memory of Eddie Aikau , a prestigious, invitation-only big wave surf contest held only during 20-foot swells. Surfers around the world know it simply as, “The Eddie.”
“The vibe is both reflective and refreshing,” Tyler Rock, media producer for Oahu’s Freesurf Magazine , told HuffPost. “Especially during the paddle out where the intimacy and tight knit respect among the surfing family is truly felt.”
Greg Long, who won the Eddie the last time it ran back in 2009 , said it is “probably the greatest honor in big wave surfing and one of the greatest honors in the whole sport of surfing. The history, the legacy, the prestige behind this, in my opinion, eclipses anything else.”
Below, see The Eddie memorial paddle out and similar rituals that have taken place around the world:

IS  Twitter account handler Mehdi held in Bengaluru  group vows to free himComments
The young engineer behind a popular pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account was arrested on Saturday at his one-room rented accommodation in an upscale Bengaluru neighbourhood, triggering pledges to free him by those subscribing to the terror group’s alarming agenda.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the man who operated pro-IS Twitter handle, worked for a MNC. (Photo courtesy- Bengaluru City Police on Twitter)
“On the basis of credible intelligence inputs ... we have apprehended Mehdi Masroor Biswas from his apartment,” said director general of police LR Pachuau.
The mobile phone — the one that he apparently used to tweet thousands of jihadi posts to his 17,000 followers on Twitter — was confiscated along with a laptop and other documents for evidence.
He is religious but not a fanatic: Mehdi’s father
Police said 24-year-old Mehdi from a Kolkata suburb working with ITC in Bengaluru didn’t probably have any direct links with the terror group which controls swathes of Syria and Iraq as part of its campaign to create an Islamic caliphate.
“He appears to have been only majorly active in the virtual world,” said Bengaluru police commissioner MN Reddi.
Police said he used to post Twitter messages after office hours, cheering the IS’s advances in Iraq and Syria, and mocking its enemies. “He was particularly close to the English-speaking terrorists of IS and became a source of incitement and information for the new recruits trying to join IS,” Reddi said.
ISIS twitter case: Accused arrested by police, confesses operating account since many years
A case registered against him for abetting war against the state.
But his parents in Kolkata said he was being framed. “He is religious but not a fanatic to join a terrorist group. He didn’t go to a madrasa and doesn’t even know Arabic,” said mother Mamtaz Begam.
Britain’s Channel4 on Wednesday night revealed Mehdi as the man behind the Twitter handle @ShamiWitness that was described as a “leading conduit of information between jihadis, supporters and recruits” with 2 million views each month.
But Reddi said Biswas never recruited anyone or facilitated any such activity in India, and had never traveled outside India.
Reports suggest Mehdi was seeking cheap thrill as he was drawn into the IS propaganda machine that promotes its conquests, inspires sympathisers and attracts new recruits through the social media. The IS uses Hollywood-style film clips and other elements to attract disaffected but plugged-in young Muslims like Mehdi, a regular man who shares “jokes, pictures of pizza dinners with friends and Hawaiian parties at work” on his Facebook account.
His arrest prompted IS to launch a "Free Shami Witness" campaign while Kurdish fighters in Syria celebrated the news.
“Bengaluru ruthless Police arrest brother Mehdi Masroor Biswas as owner of @ShamiWitness twitter acc,” wrote IS Tweeter handle, @IS_WorldPress, drawing immediate response from the group’s supporters across the world to free him at any cost.
“We all miss #ShamiWitness twitter isnt the same without his news,” tweeted JanissaryFighter ( ?@SaifAlRasheed97 ).
Kurdish fighters, the IS’s bitter enemies, uploaded morphed pictures of Biswas behind the bars, wearing Santa Claus hats.

Hockey: Pak players hurl obscene gestures towards crowd  media after winPak hockey players remove shirt, make obscene gestures at crowd after win
PTI
New Delhi, December 13, 2014
First Published: 22:23 IST(13/12/2014)
A misfiring India squandered a golden opportunity to create history as they went down 3-4 against arch-rivals Pakistan in a high-voltage semifinal of the Hero Champions Trophy hockey tournament.
related stories
2 Pak hockey players banned for obscene gestures
Muhammad Arslan Qadir (17th minute, 59th) turned out to be the hero for Pakistan as he scored the winner just one minute from full time.
Pakistan's other scorers were Muhammad Waqas (32nd) and Muhammad Irfan (44th), while India's struck through Gurjinder Singh (12), Dharamvir Singh (38) and Nikkin Thimmaiah (44).
Pakistani players celebrated their victory by hurling indecent and obscene gestures towards the crowd and Indian media and were promptly rebuked by coach Shahnaz Shiekh.
A Pakistan hockey player gestures to spectators as he and his teammates celebrate their victory over India during the Hero Hockey Champions Trophy 2014 semi final. Source: Twitter
#Pakistan 's wild celebrations after #hockey win; #FIH orders probe http://t.co/Wu9qKWVMrL ( #India #Hockey ) pic.twitter.com/eRCqhm15i6 — yespunjab (@yespunjab) December 13, 2014
Pakistan hockey player Shakeep Butt Ammad gestures to spectators to keep quiet as he and teammates celebrate their victory over India during their Hero Hockey Champions Trophy 2014 semi final. AFP PHOTO
It was a good chance for India to register their best-ever performance in the history of Champions Trophy but they couldn't achieve the feat and buckled under pressure.
India's best-ever showing in the Champions Trophy is a bronze medal in 1982 edition of the tournament in Amstelveen, the Netherlands.
India wasted chances galore which cost them dearly. The Indians created opportunities but Sardar Singh, Nikkin, SV Sunil and Ramandeep Singh all misfired on numerous occasions from clear opening.
 
Pakistan hockey captain Imran Muhammad (L) and teammates take their jerseys off as they celebrate their victory over India with teammates during their Hero Hockey Champions Trophy 2014 semi final match. AFP PHOTO
India looked nervous at the beginning which showed in their performance. The Indians were sloppy as they kept losing the ball frequently. Rupinder Pal Singh looked off colour at the back.
Pakistan, on the other hand, looked more organised and kept pressurising the Indian defence.
Rupinder was out-of-sorts at least in the first half as he kept losing the ball frequently and from one such occasion Pakistan created the first real scoring chance of the match in the sixth, but an alert Indian goalie P R Sreejesh came to his side's rescue with a fine save to deny Muhammad Dilbar. Minutes later, Pakistan again looked threatening but Umar Bhutta's deflection from Shafqat Rasool's cross went just wide of the goal.
But it was India which took the lead against the run of play scoring from their first chance.
The Indians earned their first penalty corner and Gurjinder Singh made no mistake in blasting the ball into the left corner of the Pakistan net with a powerful flick.
Pakistan went for referral but their appeal was disallowed. Pakistan then won their first short corner soon but wasted the chance in search of a variation before Sreejesh blocked Shakeel Ahmed Butt's slap shot.
Gurbaj Singh's 10 minute suspension for a yellow card hurt India badly as it created open spaces in the Indian defence, resulting in Pakistan's equaliser.
Muhammad Arsalan Qadir caught the Indian defence off guard and neatly deflected home Butt's cross to draw parity for Pakistan.
India got a golden chance to restore their lead soon but Rupinder's try from their second penalty corner was easily kept out by Pakistan goalkeeper Imran Butt.

Gadkari proposes tunnel road to connect Mumbai  SuratComments
With Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s development criteria in mind, Union transport minister Nitin Gadkari wants to build an underground tunnel road to connect commercial hubs Mumbai and Surat.
Talking at a silver jubilee function of the Indian Institute of Bridge Engineers in Navi Mumbai on Friday, Gadkari said the tunnel would be designed as a ring route so that connectivity becomes easier and faster. He added that the project was likely to cost Rs. 90,000 crore, for which a consultant will start working soon.
“I wanted to build an expressway between Mumbai and Surat when I was Public Works Department minister in the state, but it didn’t happen. Now, I want to explore the idea of building a tunnel to join the two cities by an underground expressway,” the minister said.
Gadkari said the department could save Rs. 30,000 crore if the factory for making (pre-cast and other) material for the project is set up in Alibaug and the material is transported by sea to the construction sites.
Earlier, Gadkari had announced three satellite dry ports --- Surat in Gujarat and Wardha and Aurangabad in Maharashtra, in which the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT) will invest. The project is expected to reduce congestion at ports.
The dry ports will feed JNPT, Navi Mumbai, with cargo from sea and rail routes. Cargo from Aurangabad and Wardha dry port will be sent to JNPT for further exports using the rail network, while goods from Surat dry port will be sent to JNPT in small ships.
The tunnel expressway between Mumbai and Surat will also help quicker transportation of goods between the ports and save time, money and manpower.
Apart from rail route, Surat can be approached by National Highway 8 (known as Western Express Highway in Mumbai), which is a 1,428-km route between the capital of Maharashtra and New Delhi.
Idea behind it
The tunnel will be a faster alternative route for the existing four-lane national highway eight which covers a distance of 277 kms between the two cities
It takes four to five hours to reach Surat by road from Mumbai
Traffic snarls on the busy road add to the commuters’ woes
Mumbai and Surat are also connected by a rail route.
About the project
* A tunnel road to connect Mumbai with Surat
* The project is likely to cost Rs. 90,000 crore
* Other ideas proposed by transport minister Gadkari had announced three satellite dry ports, including Surat in Gujarat and Wardha and Aurangabad in Maharashtra, in which the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT) will invest
* A dry port to come up in Surat which would be connected by waterways with JNPT
* The proposed Mumbai-Ahmedabad bullet train will also halt in Surat

Robin Rayne Nelson / for NBC Newsrobin rayne nelson / for nbc news
Memories are made ofthese1½ cup orange juice
1/2 cup raw cane sugar powdered (gur
or shakkar)
1 tablespoon grated orange peel
1 tablespoon cornstarch
3 tablespoons Old Monk Rum
Method
Boil the sweet potatoes until tender, then peel and cut crosswise into round sections half-an-inch thick. Arrange these in layers in a shallow casserole. Mix the remaining ingredients, except the rum, in a saucepan and allow to thicken over low heat, stirring constantly. When thoroughly mixed, add rum and pour over the sweet potatoes. Place in an oven at 375 degrees and bake for approximately 30-45 minutes, until most of the moisture has evaporated. Let it cool for 15 minutes and then serve.
My mother, Ellen Alter, published a variation of this recipe (minus the rum) in The Landour Community Centre Cookbook sometime around 1965. It’s a favourite dish of hers, which she remembers from her childhood in rural Pennsylvania. When mom first came to India in 1947, she brought this recipe with her from North America. It was always served with Christmas dinners at Oakville, our family home in Mussoorie. Compared to the rest of the food on the table, candied sweet potatoes are a humble side dish. But as far as I’m concerned, no holiday feast is complete without it.
Most people think that memories are stored in that soft, gray hard drive known as the brain. But I like to think they exist in other parts of our bodies too, particularly our digestive tract, which recalls memorable meals we’ve eaten in the past. Whenever I think back on Christmas celebrations from my childhood, it’s usually through my stomach instead of my mind.
The family at Christmas dinner. (Source: RC Alter)
Our family has always gathered for Christmas in Mussoorie, though in recent years, with all of us scattered farther and farther apart, these annual migrations and kinship rituals have become less frequent. In the 1960s, when I was a boy, and later, during the 1980s, when our children were growing up, Christmas was the most important date on the calendar. My brothers and sisters-in-law, nieces, nephews, aunts, uncles, cousins and friends flew in from as far away as the United States and Australia, carrying gifts and special delicacies to eat — sugared almonds from London, Hershey’s Kisses from Boston and Kwality Toffees from Dehradun. During the last week of December, it often snowed in Mussoorie, turning the forests and mountains surrounding our home into a winter wonderland, just as the song promises.
On Christmas Eve, children were shooed off to bed and adults piled presents under the tree, which was decorated with lights, ornaments and tinsel. The fireplace burned late into the night despite the fact that Santa Claus was expected to come down the chimney. The next morning we were up early. Christmas was the only day in the year when we were allowed to eat chocolate before breakfast. Anything that resembled a healthy diet was abandoned over the next 24 hours. My mother made sure that each of us had a Christmas stocking filled with small gifts, nuts and sweets, and an orange or an apple in the toe of the sock (the only healthy option). Stockings were opened immediately after we woke up. Their contents satisfied our cravings until the porridge, scrambled eggs and toast, whipped cream and strawberry jam were put on the table, the first round of an ongoing orgy of eating that continued all day.
A young Stephen Alter (standing) opening gifts on Christmas morning; (Source: RC Alter)
After all the presents had been opened, dinner was served in the afternoon. There were usually a dozen or more dishes including roast chicken with stuffing and gravy, mashed potatoes, mashed turnips, creamed spinach, pickled beets and anything else that could fit on the table. By the time dessert arrived, I was usually too full to eat any more. At the risk of sounding like Ebenezer Scrooge, who refused to enter into the holiday spirit, I have to confess that I’ve never liked Christmas cake. When I was a boy, bakers in Mussoorie would deliver these seasonal confections to our home. The white icing, with “Happy Christmas” spelled out in pink letters tasted like over-sweetened Plaster of Paris, hard and brittle. Inside, the raisins, candied cherries, walnuts and orange peel were mixed up in a sticky muddle of sugar, oil and flour, which had a dry, doughy texture. My father was the only member of the household who liked fruitcake, recalling his childhood in Abbottabad and Srinagar, when their family cook got ingredients fresh from Kabul.
Years later, I realised what a Christmas cake should taste like, when Ameeta, my wife, made an authentic English plum pudding, composted and fermented over several weeks before being steamed in the traditional manner. Served with “hard sauce” (which is actually soft and buttery), the pudding was brought to the dining table one Christmas, engulfed in blue flames with a brandy flambé.
Dinner was followed by a long nap, or sledding for the younger crowd, and if anyone was still hungry, they could help themselves to leftovers during the night. Though bloated and sluggish from too much rich food, I could never resist stealing into the kitchen before bedtime and searching for the remains of the candied sweet potatoes. Even when cold and congealed into a toffee-like mass, the flavour was unforgettable, even better than dessert.
Stephen Alter’s most recent book, Becoming a Mountain: Himalayan Journeys in Search of the Sacred and the Sublime, was published in November. He and his wife Ameeta live in Mussoorie with their three dogs.

The Adelaide Test in picturesLATEST PHOTOS
Australia vs India, 1st Test
Action images from the 1st Test between Australia and India played at Adelaide between December 9-13, 2014. Scores
Prev Next
ADELAIDE, AUSTRALIA - DECEMBER 13: Nathan Lyon of Australia celebrates with his teammates after dismissing Ajinkya Rahane of India during day five of the First Test match between Australia and India at the Adelaide Oval on December 13, 2014 in Adelaide, Australia. (Photo by Scott Barbour/Getty Images)
ADELAIDE, AUSTRALIA - DECEMBER 13: Nathan Lyon of Australia celebrates with his teammates after dismissing Ajinkya Rahane of India during day five of the First Test match between Australia and India at the Adelaide Oval on December 13, 2014 in Adelaide, Australia. (Photo by Scott Barbour/Getty Images)
India in Australia, 4 Test...
vs.
South Africa vs West Indies, 3rd Test
4 hours ago
Action images from the third Test between South Africa and West Indies played at Cape Town between January 2-6, 2015. Scorecard More » South Africa vs West Indies, 3rd Test
Exit, the Coolest One - MS Dhoni
Tue 30 Dec, 2014 5:06 PM IST
MS Dhoni's decision to retire from the longest format with immediate effect after the MCG Test has come as an outright shocker. Here's a look at some images from the coolest captain's career. (Text: Reuters/ Amlan Chakraborty; editing by Patrick Johnston) More » Exit, the Coolest One - MS Dhoni
Australia vs India, 3rd Test
Tue 30 Dec, 2014 1:07 PM IST
Action images from the 3rd Test at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, played between December 26-30, 2014. Scores More » Australia vs India, 3rd Test
South Africa vs West Indies, 2nd Test
Fri 26 Dec, 2014 3:12 PM IST
Action images from the 2nd Test between South Africa and West Indies played at Port Elizabeth between December 26-30, 2014. Scores More » South Africa vs West Indies, 2nd Test
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka, 1st Test
Mon 29 Dec, 2014 11:07 AM IST

Good job done by piyush goyal. this govt has moved fast and decisively...Platinum Member
39 Followers
We should be happy that the Govt has passed the coal mines bill by ordinance,this bill will help the Steel & Power sectors,overall good for manufaturing & infra sector,critism by opposition is absolutely meaningless,media also is not covering this news in both print and electronic media,stocks of JSPL,Tata Steel ,JSW and all small and medium companies will be benifited.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
7.20 PM Dec 13th 2014

Hello galatta  there are many more game changes; kingfishe...Gold Member
11 Followers
Reposted about 18 days 12 hrs 30 min 46 sec ago by carya1 and 1 others
Dear Galatta, agree with you. People have been holding hero shares from Rs. 20. Today look at the share price and the returns from the Dividends. Infosys is a similiar example and so are many others. Today people look at 2500 levels and think the stock has run up a lot. However keeping the company progress in mind and the rise in business as IT spreads globally and to developing countries, the contracs that the company can further get after LCC acquisition in US and Europe... I think its gonna be a multibagger.
In reply to : galatta_here message
3.12 PM Dec 13th 2014   |         |   Rated by

low-cost carrier spicejet left 150 passengers high and dry when its f...Silver Member
106 Followers
Low-cost carrier SpiceJet left 150 passengers high and dry when its flight number SG-15 connecting Ahmedabad to Dubai did not take off as scheduled at 4.30 pm on Friday.
The passengers from various

Crops on Yamuna plains toxic: NewstudyBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:45 am
Consumption of crops grown along the Yamuna can lead to serious health implications due to heavy metal poisoning, a study by Toxics Link — an environmental NGO — has found. According to the study, the presence of heavy metals such as lead, chromium, arsenic and mercury have been found in sediment samples at the river.
While the report notes that “there is no specific standard for heavy metal content in the sediment and soil”, it observes that the level of heavy metal contamination increases significantly after Wazirabad.
“The study found high level of heavy metals after Wazirabad in comparison to the samples collected before Wazirabad. This is a serious concern and suitable measures are required to check it,” the report says.
The team of researchers began their survey from Jagatpur village, North Delhi, travelling by boat along the river. They collected water samples from different locations — Najafgarh drain, Wazirabad, Majnu Ka Tila, near Vidhan Sabha drain, ISBT and Yamuna Bazar. High amounts of chromium, mercury and arsenic were detected in sediment samples in both pre- and post-monsoon samples.
The study concludes that the “the detection of heavy metals in the samples after Wazirabad may be due to discharge of waste water into the river from various canals and drains. The study notes, “as vegetables are being grown in the floodplain of Yamuna, it raises the issue of these vegetables being contaminated”.
“These heavy metals are not readily degradable and accumulate in animal and human bodies to a high toxic level. The increased population and the progress in agriculture and industry have complicated this situation,” the study says.
Apart from raising awareness about the issue and using technology to decontaminate the river, the study also recommends identification of sources of pollution and remedial measures to “decontaminate the river bed” of heavy metals.

Outlook: Indian rupee seen weak vs US dollar; buy on dips  says Anindya BanerjeeIndian rupee pares initial losses, down by 2p vs US dollar
Indian rupee remains an interplay of global and domestic factors. Currently, global macros and financial market themes are the dominant forces that is guiding the rupee. Domestic policymaking is more or less moving at a desired pace with Centre trying hard to build a consensus in the all-important bill on Goods and Services Taxation. Lok Sabha has passed the bill on commercial coal mining in the country and now its needs ratification of the upper house. The insurance bill is expected to sail through, which aims to provide increased foreign capital in the sector. However, disinvestment process has suffered delays and in the meantime many of the PSUs who have been flagged for disinvestment have fallen in value since the announcements. With fiscal deficit having reached nearly 90% of the budget estimate, Government of India (GOI) might find it difficult to stick to the 4.1% GFD target. As a result, we can see cut in planned expenditure, which can harm growth and or announcement of special dividend from the profit making PSUs.
We hope that GOI does not employ the statistical jugglery which the previous government did, by rolling over expenditure to next year, to stick with GFD estimates. We believe quality of fiscal deficit matter more than just quantity. At the same time disinvestment proceeds would be better used for generating quality capital assets, rather than to become a bridge towards a budget goal. It is not a prudent policy to sell family silver to pay one’s daily expenses.
Somebody who has been watching the mini carnage unfold in the broad spectrum of asset classes would not be wrong in thinking, as whether time has come for the chickens to come home and roost. Years and years of uncontrolled financial experiments from the major central banks from the developed world and also from emerging markets, to stimulate economies through the backdoor, have created, as some think, a giant liquidity feeding financial asset mania. With the oil collapsing, as if it was some marginal commodity, questions have started to be raised about the growth prospects of the world economy. Midst this carnage in asset markets, our own Rupee has lost some ground against the Euro, Pound and Yen and also dropped to a fresh 10 month low against the US Dollar.
During the early part of the week, in our research note, we had talked about the gravitational pull of collapsing petroleum prices on the risky financial assets. Over there we about the negative information feedback loop of oil on global equity and high yield debt market. Infact last year, between January and April, Gold prices had collapsed by over 20%, bewildering many as to why in the midst of a full scale QE3, have Gold fallen so much. However, as it turned out to be that from May of that year, US Dollar began a scorching rally against the EM currencies. Gold, apart from its appeal for ornamentation, is also used as a hard currency, owned by central banks, to diversify some of their fiat (paper currency) currency reserves. Gold and US Dollar, are two global currency competitors who generally move opposite to one another. Therefore, a collapse in Gold prices almost front-runned the EM currency rout against the US Dollar that unfolded in summer of last year.
Similarly, petroleum is one of the most important and widely used industrial commodity and hence it has strong linkages with global growth, and as a result, should correlate with the appetite for risk in the financial markets. With Oil prices having collapsed by nearly 50% since end June 2013 has sent a shockwave through the high yield debt market. Many of the oil exploration plays in the shale reserves of US and oil sands of Canada are financed by high yield debt or as popularly known as junk bonds. At the same time, many of these oil and gas plays have had taken financing from financial institutions. Additionally the US shale boom and Canadian oil sands boom had part financed the consumption and investment surge in those countries. Not to forget the plunge in oil revenues for OPEC and non-OPEC producers.
There are fears that some of the oil producing and natural resource nations, who do not have pretty state finances, can find it difficult to service their debt. Hence, we believe investors need to pay attention to the developing dynamic in the resource sector and its impact on the risky financial assets in general. Over the last one week, global equity markets have played in sync with plunging commodities. As a result, Yen and Euro carry trade saw some unwind pressure as well, leading to gains in the two currencies against the US Dollar and Rupee as well.
Over the past week, economic data from India has been mixed with industrial growth contracting in October but consumer inflation falling to a multi-year lows. Industrial production has contracted by 4.25% y/y in November with manufacturing leading the decline with 7.61% contraction. One can argue that due to the shutdown of telecom equipment plan of Nokia, manufacturing registered a sharp plunge. However, ex-Radio, TV and communication equipment & apparatus, which strips out effect of Nokia, we find that the IIP growth has slowed down from 7.1% in September to 2.7% in October. Infact ex-telecom, IIP growth has been trending down since July of this year. Within IIP, mining registered a growth of 5.22% and electricity production jumped by 13.3%. Over the rest of the year, we expect IIP, ex-telecom to register a rebound, though effect on Nokia can continue to haunt the headline for a couple of more months.
India’s consumer price inflation slowed sharply in November to 4.4% year over year, slowest pace since January 2012, making the case for interest rate cuts in 2015 more compelling. The current CPI is well below RBI’s short term target of 8% and medium to long term target of 6%. However, a very high base effect will begin to wane from December and as a result, CPI can show a statistical jump between December to March of next year. But with commodity prices and hard assets caught in a deflationary trend, we expect CPI to remain subdued, well anchored around the medium term target of 6%, plus minus 1%. As a result, we can see RBI take the path of monetary accommodation but the pace of cuts may be gradual and spread over many months. RBI governor has talked about the need for real rates to stay positive to stimulate saving and controlling inflationary expectation in the economy. It therefore means that he can be far more conservative than his predecessors, who allowed interest rates to fall below inflation and stay there for a considerable period of time.
In global economic data, US economy held more promise than others, as its employment survey known as JOLTS job openings, rose to the second highest level in the last 10 years, retail sales rose more than expected and also the consumer confidence ticked higher to level not seen since January 2007. In Euro zone, industrial production data disappointed and also the uptake from the second tranche of the TLTRO was lower than expected. We had expected uptake from TLTRO, or targeted LTRO from the ECB, to be better than last September but nowhere close to ECB’s expectation. Banks would not like to borrow from ECB at 15 bps and park the same with the central bank as deposit, as the rates on deposits have been reduced to negative 20 bps. Additionally, banks have less incentive to play the carry trade on sovereign bonds as yields in the 4-5 year bucket have collapsed beyond interest. Hence, only banks who had been flagged by the ECB in its latest stress test scenario would have wanted to show interest in the ECB’s liquidity.
In UK, NIESR forecasted growth of 0.7% y/y in GDP in November, in line with October data but manufacturing output and construction output both contracted in October. Chinese growth sagged, as Bloomberg’s gross domestic product tracker came in at 6.78 percent year-on-year in November, down from 6.91 percent in October. Industrial output rose 7.2 percent y/y, retail sales gained 11.7 percent, and investment in fixed assets expanded 15.8 in November. Japan national industrial activity surveys failed to impress and its core machinery orders contracted by 6.4% m/m in October.
OUTLOOK: Over the next week, we have a full plate as far as economic docket goes. We start of the week with exit poll outcome from the Japan’s snap national election followed by Tankan economic survey. Euro zone economic survey will be released on Monday and so will be the reports from ECB on covered bond and ABS purchases. On Tuesday we have the flash PMIs from Euro zone and China followed by UK inflation, UK prudential regulation authority bank stress test results and German ZEW investor sentiment reading. We will roll into Wednesday for some major event risks, in the form of Greek presidential elections and the US FOMC rate decision. Thursday has the German IFO’s business climate survey, china property price data well as US services PMI. During the last day of the week, Bank of Japan takes to stage to present their monetary policy, where the words of the governor will be keenly watched. At the same time on Friday, Japan economy minister Amari is scheduled to speak on the future of Abenomics, and we sense the possibility of hints about fresh fiscal stimulus from him.
India is scheduled to report its wholesale price inflation for November as well as the merchandise trade numbers for the same month. WPI is expected to show a decline below 1% and merchandise trade deficit is expected to show up between USD 12-14 billion. Indian Rupee is expected to remain weak against the US Dollar. We have been advocating buying on dips for so many months now and we will continue to stay with the positioning. Over the near term Rupee can slip towards 62.80/63.00 levels on spot and resistance remains around 61.80/62.10 levels on spot. Technically, USD/INR has given a breakout from a muti-month congestion, which has targets of 64.00 and above, but with central bank on the front foot as far intervention goes, we are not sure whether market will be able to express their view freely. As a result we would look at more measured pace of depreciation. Against the Yen and the Euro, Rupee remains a carry play, so during times of risk aversion, these two currencies can continue register strong gains. Similarly, a risk-on mood can cause Rupee to bounce back strongly against the Euro and the Yen. Thefeore, for traders looking for fast moving currency pairs, they need to keep an eye on Eur/INR and Yen/INR. GBP/INR is expected to be ranged between 96.50/97.00 and 99.50/100.00 for some more weeks.
By Anindya Banerjee, analyst, Kotak Securities
Post Comments
More from bankingampfinance

WTO talks on ITA-II collapse  India heaves sigh of reliefWTO talks on ITA-II collapse  India heaves sigh of relief
President Pranab Mukherjee undergoes angioplasty at Army hospitalCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
President Pranab Mukherjee today underwent a heart procedure as doctors at the Army’s Research and Referral hospital installed a coronary stent in his artery to remove a blockage.
Mukherjee, 79, was taken to the hospital in the morning after he complained of stomach problems and related ailments.
Doctors at the hospital put him under observation for a day for various tests during which they detected a blockage in one of the arteries, hospital sources said.
The doctors immediately conducted angioplasty and installed a stent, a small mesh tube that’s used to treat narrow or weak arteries.
Coronary angioplasty is a procedure used to open blocked or narrowed coronary (heart) arteries. The procedure improves blood flow to the heart muscle.
When contacted, Press Secretary Venu Rajamony neither confirmed nor denied the reports and said “the President is under care at the hospital and we expect him to be back by Monday.”
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Watch Activists March Against Police Violence in Washington  D.C.watch activists march against police violence in washington  d.c.
Making the cut for thepartyWritten by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 12:11 am
When Shafique Ahmad Salmani of Diamond Hairdressers wields his scissors, he styles more than just hair; he attempts to reshape political inclinations. At his salon, tucked away among narrow, half-plastered buildings in a low-income neighbourhood in New Ashok Nagar, East Delhi, Shafique Ahmad Salmani talks politics with all his customers.
At 11 am, 60-year-old Yameen Khan, the first customer for the day and a regular at the salon, walks in. As Khan sits down for a shave, he asks Salmani, “So, how many people have you got enrolled into the BJP?” With scissors and blade in hand, Salmani replies, “I will let you know only when you join. It will be good for your welfare and it’s so easy to join. Just give a missed call on this number and you’ll get a message,” says Salmani persuasively. Khan smiles, and leaves. “It’s been sometime since I’ve been trying to tell him to join the party. I am sure he will,” says Salmani.
The 49-year-old joined the BJP in 2004 but it’s only since last month that he has been actively involved in party politics. In November, the BJP distributed pamphlets and posters to its “barber cell” and asked its 18,000-20,000 registered barbers in Delhi to convince their customers to join the party ahead of the forthcoming Assembly elections. BJP national secretary R P Singh says the cell was created “to give respect to barbers and to ask them to get new members for the party”.
In the small salon cramped with three adjustable chairs for customers and a diwan, the walls are lined with mirrors, pictures of Bollywood stars and two posters of Amit Shah and Narendra Modi, with a number to call in order to join the BJP.
Another customer, Varun Jindal, walks in for a hair cut. Salmani doesn’t talk to him about the BJP. “He is a member,” he says.
A third customer walks in and Salmani again makes a pitch for the BJP. But the customer, a Muslim, asks him why he supports a “Hindu party”. “Which party is not Hindu? Every party has Hindu leaders at the core, so why not try the BJP? Narendra Modi is getting such good response worldwide, he will deliver,” Salmani tells him. The customer shrugs.
Trying to allay the concern of the customer, he adds, “Modi is not the PM of a party, but of the country, and it is his duty to ensure that all of us prosper and live without fear. He cannot speak about one religion today.” The customer doesn’t look convinced and soon, walks away.
Salmani, who claims to have enrolled 300 members for the BJP so far, admits it’s difficult to win over Muslim customers. “They say that I am not concerned about the community, and that if the BJP comes continued…

The Sunday Story: He always got what hewantedWritten by Shalini Narayan , Sarah Hafeez | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 12:08 am | Updated: January 1, 2015 11:55 am
At 14, he was the boy with the first bike in his village. By 20, he had a string of cases against him, including of molestation.  At 32, he is the man who allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman in a taxi in Delhi.
As 82-year-old Devendra Yadav recalls, it was some 18 years ago that the village of Ramnagar in Mainpuri district of Uttar Pradesh first heard the rumble of a motorbike. Until then, the village had only seen bicycles, so heads turned when the boy riding the two-wheeled wonder zipped through the village alleys. He was all of 14. Back then, Shiv Kumar Yadav was the boy with the first bike in the village. Eighteen years later, he is the man who allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman in his car in Delhi on December 5.
Yadav’s friends say that as a boy, he would walk 3 km to the main road everyday after school to watch the occasional car that passed that way.
While other children chased after cars, Yadav would simply stand back and watch. His friend Manoj Tripathi says that one day, Yadav flagged down a tractor and asked the driver if he could ride some distance in it. The driver agreed and the two boys hopped on. “He wouldn’t stop smiling that day. We rode a few kilometres and then got off. Since that day, vehicles became somewhat of an obsession with him. Almost every day, he would tell me how he wished he owned one himself,” says Manoj, 33, Yadav’s classmate at the private Surekha kindergarten school in Mainpuri.
In 2004, Yadav married his elder brother Kumarpal’s widow Munni.
When Yadav got his first bike, Manoj says, he was left dumbfounded. “I didn’t think he would get a bike. We couldn’t think of asking our parents to buy us even a cycle and he had a bike,” says Manoj who works as a driver in Agra.
It was at Vishwanath Singh junior high school (now an inter-college) that Yadav studied till his Class VIII. He was ‘Roll no 825’, according to the school register of that year. It shows he enrolled in the school in Class VI on January 1, 1993, and continued till Class VIII, after which he sought a transfer to a school in Mathura.
“He was not an exceptional student but he never missed school. I don’t quite remember whether he was good in studies, but he would talk at length about vehicles, how they run, the technology… I used to wonder where he picked up all that from,” says Mahavir Singh, the headmaster of the primary school.
Yadav’s father Ramnath retired as headmaster of a primary school.
Ramnagar is barely 3 km in circumference, ringed by wheat and mustard fields. Much before it came to be known as Shiv Kumar continued…

Enter Bruce HazaraBy: Reuters |
Posted: December 14, 2014 12:41 am
From the ruins of a bombed-out palace above Kabul, a young Afghan man bearing a striking resemblance to kung fu legend Bruce Lee is high-kicking his way to Internet fame, aiming to show another side to his war-weary nation.
Videos and photos of Abbas Alizada, 20, posted on the Facebook page “Bruce Hazara” show him performing back flips and striking Lee’s famous poses. They blazed through Afghanistan’s small Internet community this week, part of a publicity burst he hopes will catapult him to broader fame.
“I want to be a champion in my country and a Hollywood star,” Alizada said at Kabul’s desolate Darulaman palace, where he trains twice a week, swirling nunchakus and sporting a Lee-like bowl haircut.
At a workout at the palace, adorned with photos of thousands of civilian war victims as part of a protest exhibition, Alizada showed off his wiry physique, doing push-ups on his fingertips and sparring with a partner. Two assistants dabbed his brow and fixed his hair for the cameras.
Alizada is from a poor family of 10 children. His parents could not afford the fees at an academy of Wushu, a Chinese mixed martial art, but the trainer took him under his wing.
Darulaman palace, built in the 1920s by King Amanullah Khan, was damaged by decades of fighting for control of the capital. It is now a ruin pocked by artillery craters and bullet holes, overlooking an as-yet-unfinished national parliament building.
“The destruction here makes me sad, but it also inspires me,” said Alizada, who refused to be filmed in one room where the walls were daubed with graffiti reading “death to Americans”.
He rejects the name Bruce Hazara given to him by friends in recognition of his ethnic heritage, saying he prefers to be known as the Afghan Bruce Lee in a country riven by tribal divides.
Questions of national unity are poignant in Afghanistan, where Taliban insurgents are flexing their muscles with near-daily attacks. This year has been the bloodiest of the war, as foreign troops drastically reduce their presence.
Alizada’s recent success on the Internet and at a martial arts tournament in Kabul reflects some of the changes in the country since the US-led intervention toppled the Taliban after the September 11, 2001 attacks. Helped by the spread of TV and the Internet, Afghanistan has witnessed a rapid rise in interest in sports under the government that succeeded the hardline Islamists.
“The only news that comes from Afghanistan is about war… I am happy that my story is a positive one,” Alizada said.

Another roll of thediceBy: New York Times |
Posted: December 14, 2014 12:30 am
Last summer, Mark Wahlberg called James Caan to tell him that he was going to play the lead in a remake of The Gambler, the 1974 film that starred Caan.
“It was a respect thing,” Caan explained, adding that the conversation didn’t end there. Wahlberg told him that he and the new movie’s director, Rupert Wyatt, had discussed the possibility of casting Caan as a thug in the updated version. “What a horrible idea, a ridiculous distraction. Me, I thought, ‘Why even remind them?’. Then I think both came to their senses.”
Wahlberg, 43, and Caan, 74, have been friends since they met in 1999 on the set of The Yards. Caan played the corrupt owner of a company that repairs railway cars, and Wahlberg was his nephew, a soft-spoken ex-con hoping to turn his life around. At the time, Wahlberg was still relatively new to film, and he gravitated to the older actor, celebrated for his roles as charming bruisers in The Godfather and Thief. Later, when Wahlberg invited Caan to his house for dinner, there on the wall alongside a collection of photographs of Wahlberg’s favourite masculine heroes — James Cagney, John Garfield, Steve McQueen — hung a beautiful shot of Caan from The Gambler.
“I got it a long time ago,” Wahlberg said. “But he thought I’d just put it up there for the day because he was coming over.”
James Gray, who directed The Yards, wasn’t surprised that Caan, who grew up poor in the Bronx, and Wahlberg, a former street kid from the tough Dorchester neighbourhood in Boston, bonded easily. “How could they not?” Gray wrote in an email. “Mark recognised Jimmy’s tremendous authenticity, and Jimmy was an idol of his. Jimmy sensed correctly that Mark shared his essential toughness. So Jimmy took him under his wing.”
Nearly 15 years later, the two sat together in a suite at the Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles comparing their notes on The Gambler. Whenever Caan, dressed in blue jeans and a collared shirt, spoke in his gravelly voice, Wahlberg, in faded jeans and bright Nike sneakers, would listen intently.
“Our character was a guy who only felt alive when he was gambling, win or lose,” Caan said of the original’s Axel Freed, a Harvard-educated Jewish literature professor eager to bet on anything, be it cards, roulette or a pick-up basketball game with men years younger than him.
In the new The Gambler, the screenwriter, William Monahan, moved the action from New York to Los Angeles’s flashy underground betting emporiums and changed the lead’s name to Jim Bennett. Wahlberg said his character wasn’t driven by fantasies of lining his pocket with continued…

Idea Exchange: One can get together with the lesser evil to fight theenemyWritten by Santosh Singh |
Posted: December 14, 2014 12:26 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 9:32 am
In this Idea Exchange moderated by Assistant Editor Santosh Singh, Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi talks about his entry into politics, his party’s alliance with the RJD, and how Nitish Kumar has supported his decisions
WHY MANJHI?
Bihar CM Jitan Ram Manjhi is increasingly asserting his  position with aggressive Dalit politics and is hogging  headlines with statements such as “Madhubani temple was washed after my visit” and that “Scheduled Caste people should go for inter-caste marriage to raise their numbers”. The JD (U) top leadership is worried Manjhi could undo all the good work done by Nitish Kumar, but is in two minds over removing him  fearing a Dalit backlash.
As Nitish projects himself as the party’s face during the first phase of his Sampark Yatra, Manjhi is carving a place for himself beyond November 2015, when the present government’s term ends.
JITAN RAM MANJHI: I was born near a nullah (rivulet). When I was one, there was a big flood, the nullah overflowed and the water reached our homes. There was no place to run. All members of the five-six families near the nullah climbed onto a nearby banyan tree for safety. My father wrapped me up in his dhoti and hung it from a tree branch. Four hours later, the water receded. We shifted to a place called Dhibra and started living there.
My parents were construction workers. My mother was dark, my father slim and fair. When he wore a sari since he was a natua (male dancer dressed as woman) and performed at festivals, people would marvel at him.
When I was six-seven years old, my father worked as a bonded farm labourer. Those days, the labourer’s son had to work in the landlord’s house. My father tried to negotiate with the landlord to let me study, but he didn’t listen. So, I worked at the landlord’s house.
A tutor used to visit that house. Coincidentally, my father and the tutor used to visit the same liquor shop. Once, I was squatting on the floor, as servants did, and watching the tutor teach the landlord’s son. The tutor got annoyed with him for not remembering a lesson and caned him. The next day he tried to cane the boy again, but I grabbed the stick and said that I would complain to the landlord that he hit him. I told the tutor I could tell him what he wanted to know in place of the landlord’s son, and did too.
The next day when the tutor met my father, he told him I should study. It was then that my studies started. In 1962, I passed my Class X.
LIZ MATHEW: How did you enter politics?
The same year, 1962, elections were around the corner. Candidates from political parties would visit the village and say vote for the Congress. So all the Scheduled Castes in the village would vote for the Congress. I thought, why can’t we ask for votes for ourselves. I told my friends I would join politics. But I was worried about what would happen if I was not able to take care of my parents, if they had to continue working as manual labourers. I knew I had to find a solution, and it was to provide my younger brother an education so that he could get a job and take care of my parents.
When I was in college, my teachers would ask me to deliver their lectures. It struck me that I am doing well in studies and even my teachers trust me so much, so why shouldn’t I become a professor after a Masters? So I decided to do my M.A. while also ensuring my brother studied. Even as he passed Class X, I studied till the first year of my M.A.
Liz Mathew: Has this experience helped you or handicapped you in politics?
It helped me. But let me finish my story. My father never told me what to do. When I was in college, people were filling up forms to join politics, and I followed them. Then there was a vacancy for a government job and I applied. I told myself I would work until my younger brother is settled. When he became a sub-inspector of police, I joined politics. That was in 1976.
Maneesh Chhibber: Did you ever think that you would become a chief minister?
Not even in my dreams.
Maneesh Chhibber: When Nitish Kumar decided to resign as CM, what did you say to him?
No conversation happened. For the sake of the party, we told him not to resign. We said, ‘So many big politicians have lost and said they would resign but they didn’t. You didn’t even make such claims about resigning in the face of loss, so why do you have to resign?’. But then, the same people who said he shouldn’t resign accepted his resignation. I had packed my suitcase and was on my way to a wedding when I got a call from Nitishji. He asked me to meet him. When I reached his official home, Sharad Yadav was there. I headed towards a chair next to them. Nitishji said, ‘Don’t sit on that chair, sit on this one. This house is yours now.’
Maneesh Chhibber: Why did they choose you?
You should ask him that.
Maneesh Chhibber: What, according to you, was the reason?
Since I joined politics, I haven’t faced any controversies. I have even helped my enemies. I always forgive my enemies in the world of politics.
Santosh Singh: Are you under any pressure from the party, which appears to be trying to bring Nitish back and is projecting him as CM candidate in his Sampark Yatra?
Nitish Kumar is a great man. Whether his greatness is being questioned by a few people deliberately or due to ignorance, he is so great that, to me, he is a man on a very high pedestal. He has never said it (about being CM again), he’s never felt it. The suggestion of him taking care of the next elections and becoming the next CM…he did that under pressure. He made me the CM because he trusts me.
Liz Mathew: The BJP has been saying that since you became CM, you have not done much in the field of governance, and that you make controversial statements to stay in the news. What do you have to say about this?
In Ara, some girls were raped. In 24 hours, the culprits were caught, the chargesheet was filed. Isn’t this proof of good governance? Secondly, I went to Patna Medical College and Hospital (after the Gandhi Maidan stampede on Dussehra), I saw the condition of the poor patients, and realised the doctors were careless. I transferred them — this is something even Nitishji and Laluji didn’t do. Isn’t this proof enough? Thirdly, during Chhath Puja too, we managed well. Then, it was widely believed that certain officers wouldn’t be transferred or moved, I did that too my own way. I want to give health cards to Scheduled Castes, and give them a message that ‘don’t worry, I am there for you’. How many more examples do you want me to give?
Rakesh Sinha: What is your opinion on the JD(U) joining hands with the RJD during the elections?
One can join hands with the lesser evil to fight the enemy. And our greatest enemy right now is the BJP. If India’s sovereignty has to be kept intact and its various communities have to be kept united, then there are two-three things that have to be implemented. If things have to be okay in Kashmir then Article 370 should exist, if secular society has to be maintained, then we can’t move towards Uniform Civil Code, and if Hindus and Muslims have to stay united, the masjid-mandir issue needs to be resolved by court or by arbitration. These are three basic issues, and if they’re not sorted, it can hurt the foundation of our society/country.
The BJP wants to turn the country into a Hindu rashtra. People with a neutral stand will never want this, irrespective of which party they belong to. Keeping this as the premise, I spoke to Laluji. I was in his party in in the past, so when I became CM, he would have thought that ‘Manjhi is my man’. And then we united.
Today, Nitishji is moving forward. We spoke to Mulayam Singhji. Laluji is also forging a relationship with Mulayam Singhji. In the larger interest, this wedlock is fine.
We have also experimented with such a wedlock. In the bypolls to the Vidhan Sabha seats, we won six by large margins.
I have great respect for Laluji, he did a lot for marginalised communities, though no development, which came in the time of Nitishji.
P VAIDYANATHAN IYER: The JD(U) had a wedlock too with the BJP. How do you justify that?
At that time, Atal Bihari Vajpayee was PM and Nitishji was a minister, and we were with them because they decided not to touch the three issues I just mentioned. Under Modiji, the three issues are being treated differently. So how can we be together?
HARISH DAMODARAN: Isn’t the Mahadalit identity counter-productive? The bargaining power of the Dalits has been reduced. Doesn’t the Mahadalit identity dilute the philosophy of Ambedkar?
Everyone doesn’t think like this. Even within the SCs, there are some sub-castes whose social and economic situation has not improved after so many years. They have to be pushed somehow, right? That’s why they’re being given help in education and development.
VANDITA MISHRA: It all started as how you’re saying it but now it has  reached a point where all the Dalit groups are Mahadalits, except the Paswans, and they’re a part of your opponent’s constituency.
That’s fine. But let me tell you the background. Through a person’s social, economic condition you can figure out their level of development or backwardness.  Paswans come under the SCs but they have always had relations with the zamindars, so they have become a militant caste. Economically, in all the villages, they kept getting jagirs. They kept farming and have been more prosperous than the rest of the communities. Taking all this into consideration, this decision was made. But we are reconsidering. The Constitution restricts us. We promote inter-caste marriages. You’re 22 (castes), if you get united, politics will be in our hands.
VANDITA MISHRA: You say you can get Mahadalit status to the Paswans. In that case, what’s the point of the Mahadalit category?
Mahadalit is not a constitutional word, it’s a term to uplift people. The word could finally go away, and it would just be Dalit.
SANTOSH SINGH: Isn’t this the reason Ram Vilas Paswan said that you’re a better CM than Nitish Kumar but are not being allowed to work properly?
I refute the second statement that Nitishji is not letting me work properly. At the Gaya meeting also, I said the same. One day I scolded my ministers too… I will only listen to Nitish Kumarji, not anyone else. He’s never said anything. I have taken some decisions and he’s supported me.
Praveen Raman: So many politicians have joined Twitter. Are you also planning to do so?
To tell you the truth, I don’t even know how to receive SMSes on the phone.
Transcribed by Debesh Banerjee and Somya Lakhani

Will oppose coal Bill in Rajya Sabha: Yechurypolitics (general)
“Private operators export coal which the country badly needs”
Communist Party of India (Marxist) Polit Bureau member Sitaram Yechury on Saturday said his party would oppose the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill in the Rajya Sabha on Monday. The Bill, passed by voice vote in the Lok Sabha, seeks to replace an ordinance promulgated in October and to provide for fresh auction of 204 coal blocks, the allocation of which were cancelled by the Supreme Court.
Addressing a press conference here, Mr. Yechury accused the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance government of reversing an established parliamentary practice of routing the bills on any new legislation through the Standing Committee. The government pushed the Bill through in the Lok Sabha by a voice vote without parliamentary scrutiny, owing to the “arrogance and sheer majority” of the ruling party, Mr Yechury said. Stating that his party was always opposed to coal mining by private operators, Mr Yechury alleged that when the country required coal for its thermal generators, it was being exported by the private mine operators.
Tea workers’ plight
The CPI(M) leader also accused the NDA government of being unfair to the northeastern region. It had put on hold the North East Industrial Investment Promotion Policy and had also decided to stop the bulk procurement of subsidised rice distributed to tea garden workers in Assam as ration. Withdrawing the ration, which was part of their wage, would put a huge burden on the workers and their families, he said.

UPDATE 1-UN climate talks risk collapse as China clashes with U.S.UPDATE 1-UN climate talks risk collapse as China clashes with U.S.
Telangana Cabinet to be expanded next weekTelangana Cabinet to be expanded next week
Shah Rukh Khan s loan to wife not to evade tax: ITATHi Guest
Shah Rukh Khan's loan to wife not to evade tax: ITAT
Image: Gauri and Shah Rukh Khan. Photograph: Pradeep Bandekar     In a relief to actor Shah Rukh Khan, the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal has overturned an order of the tax authorities to add Rs 2.28 crore he had lent his wife as interest free loan to buy flat and jewellery to his net wealth. The superstar's wife Gauri had used Rs 1.65 crore (Rs 16.5 million) of the loaned amount to buy a house in Delhi and Rs 63 lakh for jewellery. Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals) had ordered ...

Forget about making india proud. have you read the reviews many feel ...505 Followers
hope you really enjoyed it well back then.
The match has taken a very interesting turn. Now it is like a fifty over match. Very soon we will see it as a 20-20 with a very meager target of 100 or so. Going by the progress, India has a bright chance of winning this test. VK, NOT YOU, VK is a lucky and gutsy soul. The captain to win the first test as captain.
MSD believes in keeping the winning combination in tact.
1. So will he step in to the 2nd test and spoil the mood?
2. Will we lose the series under MSD after winning the first VK ?
3. Will Ravi Shastry prevail over MSD`s entry or otherwise ? Duncan Fletcher and MSD combination.... oh no... not again. Sorry MSD... we have nothing against you, but you got to be more aggressive in tests.
In reply to : VijayKrishnan message
10.53 AM Dec 13th 2014

Ok ok mines is wrong calculation!New Member
1 Followers
bull, where r u getting that 50 cr figure from.....if you see last 4 quarters , spice has spent almost 3500 crores on fuel for a turnover of 6500 cr.....more than 50%..so if prices come down to even 40%( crude has almost fallen to 50%) going forward...40% of 1300 cr works to 520 cr......for a year and 130 cr for  a quarter......
In reply to : bull2bull message
7.22 AM Dec 13th 2014

surgeon skill - deal with immergency.Gold Member
11 Followers
Reposted about 18 days 13 hrs 43 min 39 sec ago by carya1 and 1 others
Dear Galatta, agree with you. People have been holding hero shares from Rs. 20. Today look at the share price and the returns from the Dividends. Infosys is a similiar example and so are many others. Today people look at 2500 levels and think the stock has run up a lot. However keeping the company progress in mind and the rise in business as IT spreads globally and to developing countries, the contracs that the company can further get after LCC acquisition in US and Europe... I think its gonna be a multibagger.
In reply to : galatta_here message
3.12 PM Dec 13th 2014   |         |   Rated by

Clear buy for next 5 years.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Cabinet clears paring of govts bank stakes to 52%Cabinet clears paring of govt’s bank stakes to 52%
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 10, 2014
First Published: 23:51 IST(10/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:55 IST(10/12/2014)
Comments
In a major initiative, the Cabinet on Wednesday gave its approval for public sector banks to raise capital by diluting government holdings up to 52%, to meet their additional capital requirements.
Banks need capital to meet stringent international standards, also known as Basel III norms, which will become applicable by March 31, 2019.
The exercise would be done in a phased manner through the issue of shares, largely to retail investors.
If state-owned banks are allowed to bring down government holdings to 52% in stages, they would be able to raise up to Rs. 1,60,825 crore, a statement said.
Banks require an estimated Rs. 2,40,000 crore as equity by 2018 to adhere to the Basel III norms.
The government has provided Rs. 11,200 crore for recapitalisation of public sector banks in 2014-15.
“It is a welcome step as banks need capital infusion to continue with the expansion process and meet credit demands” a bank chairman who did not wish to be identified told HT.
With the level of non-performing assets (NPAs) rising for banks, the capital adequacy ratio — the ratio of a bank’s capital to its risk and a measure of how much loss it can absorb — has been declining.
NPAs or loans that do not yield returns have risen to Rs. 2.6 lakh crore in 2013-14, raising concerns about banks’ ability to keep the credit tap flowing to aid economic revival.
The total support provided to government banks towards the capitalisation exercise during the last four years was Rs. 58,634 crore. The total market value of government shareholding in state-owned banks stood at more than Rs. 4 lakh crore.
Out of 27 state-owned banks, the government controls 22 through majority holding, an official statement said. In the remaining five banks, State Bank of India holds majority stakes.
Sources said banks would have to come up with their own proposals to carry out this fund-raising exercise. Besides, hiving off of non-core businesses is another option that is being considered.

Debt-laden companies may face tougher loan termsComments
Reserve Bank of India deputy governor SS Mundra on Wednesday said banks may demand increased equity from the companies that are highly leveraged, before offering fresh loans to them. This is in line with RBI governor Raghuram Rajan’s recent tough stance on the companies that had borrowed heavily and were defaulting on interest payments.
Speaking to reporters, Mundra said promoters need to bring in equity to correct the debt-equity mismatch.
“High leverage doesn’t mean the company cannot be financed if there is a need. For further financing, the bank may demand to bring higher equity to correct the leverage,” he added.
Last month while delivering the third Verghese Kurien lecture at the Institute of Rural Development at Anand, Gujarat, Rajan came down heavily on promoters of the companies who didn’t have any accountability while borrowing heavily from banks, which left lenders vulnerable to risks.
Mundra’s statement also signifies that the RBI is willing to consider norms that will enable banks to decide on debt-equity ratio individually for the companies, instead of a one-size-fits-all policy.
On interest rates, which the RBI left unchanged at its recent monetary policy meeting last week, Mundra said that a rate cut would be possible only if inflation and inflationary pressures continue to wane.
In November, the government said consumer price inflation in October dropped to 5.52%, a record low and much below the RBI target of 6% for January 2016. The inflation rate for November is scheduled to be announced on December 12.
Speaking on proposed norms for small and payments banks, Mundra said the central bank is likely to grant licences on small finance and payments banks by April, 2015. The central bank had released final guidelines for licensing of these banks last month.

Union cabinet okays long-pending insurance billComments
The long-pending Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill looks set to get parliamentary approval early next week.
Hours after a parliamentary select committee tabled a report recommending raising to 49% the cap on foreign investment from 26% in insurance joint ventures, the Union cabinet approved the draft bill, demonstrating the government’s urgency to push through economic reforms.
The changes, once approved by Parliament, will mark one of the biggest reform measures taken by the Narendra Modi-led NDA government.
Insurers need funds to maintain healthy capital base, offer a wider bouquet of products, protect consumer interests against insolvency and deepen insurance penetration in India.
Experts said that rising costs of hospitalisation, especially in private hospitals, demonstrates the need for increasing insurance penetration in India, for which companies need additional capital to the tune of Rs. 36,000 crore over the next five years.
Just 4% of Indians have any form of insurance coverage, according to industry figures.
The bill, first introduced by the UPA government in Rajya Sabha in 2008, has been long delayed due of lack of political consensus. The Congress and other opposition parties had blocked its passage during Parliament’s monsoon Session, demanding that it be referred to a parliamentary select committee for further consideration.
Given that the government has addressed the concerns of the main opposition Congress, the bill is set to have a smooth sail in Rajya Sabha also. The government is likely to introduce the bill in Parliament on Monday.
The move to ease the foreign investment ceiling will come with a rider that management control of these companies will remain with Indian shareholders.
“The bill is aimed at removing archaic and redundant provisions in relevant legislations and to enable the insurance sector to work for the betterment of the insured with greater efficacy,” a government statement said.
A higher FDI cap in the insurance sector will automatically ease FDI norms in the pension sector.
The committee, headed by BJP MP Chandan Mitra, tabled its report on Wednesday that carried dissenting notes from Trinamool Congress, Samajwadi Party, JD(U) and CPI (M) members.
The insurance sector was opened up in 1999 by the then BJP government but calls for raising the ceiling for foreign investment have been held up for more than a decade.

Sensex loses 863 points in 8 days  hits 6-week low as oil plays spoilsportComments
Continuing the downward trend, markets fell to their six-week lows on Thursday on sharp losses in RIL and ONGC shares, after a further drop in global crude oil price.
The benchmark Sensex plunged 229.09 points, or 0.82%, to end at 27,602.01 while the NSE Nifty declined 62.75 points, or 0.75%, to 8,292.90.
The benchmark index has fallen 863 points in the last eight trading sessions.
“Mixed sentiment on the back of a weak rupee and lower oil prices added to the volatility. Foreign outflows on the back of profit-booking also added to the weakness,” said Hiren Dhakan, associate fund manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Major Sensex losers included ONGC (down 3.21%), Tata Steel (down 2.85%) and Bharti Airtel (down 2.77%).
The Sensex has risen 40% since January and foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have been leading the rally. However, on Wednesday alone, FIIs sold $36 million worth of stocks.
Global crude oil prices fell to $64.24 a barrel, after the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries said there would not be any cut in output, despite the fall in demand from the US, the world’s largest consumer.
Experts have said that a fall in oil prices will hit markets. Sovereign wealth funds, which account for a majority of FII inflows into India, will be left with little surplus capital to allocate if oil prices fall further, Credit Suisse MD Neelkanth Mishra had said.

Fiat unveils Abarth 595  to be launched next month in IndiaFiat unveils Abarth 595, to be launched next month in India
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, December 11, 2014
First Published: 23:14 IST(11/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:34 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
Italian car maker Fiat is set to launch the Abarth 595 Competizione in the Indian market in January. The hatchback, which is now much more sportier, than the earlier Fiat 500 that was launched in India a few years ago, was showcased at the Autocar Performance show on Thursday.
Abarth, the performance brand of Fiat, is powered by a 1.4-litre T-Jet engine producing 160Ps of power at 5,500 RPM. Its 201nM of torque can be further enhanced to 230nM via shifting to the sports mode. For now, the Abarth 595 will only be available with an automatic-manual transmission.
The car will be imported into India as a completely built unit and will be priced in the Rs. 25-30 lakh range, according to a company spokesperson.
Exact prices will be revealed at the time of the launch, which will be in a month’s time, he said.
The Abarth 595 will be fourth product launched by Fiat this year after Linea sedan in March, followed by the Punto Evo hatchback in August and the Avventura crossover launched in October.
The Abart 595 will compete with German luxury car maker BMW’s Mini Cooper. The three-door and five-door Mini was launched in India last month, priced in the Rs. 31.85-35.20 lakh range.

Govt okays Electronics Development FundGovt okays Electronics Development Fund
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 11, 2014
First Published: 23:03 IST(11/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:06 IST(11/12/2014)
Comments
To boost local manufacturing, the Cabinet has approved the communications ministry’s policy to set up an Electronics Development Fund (EDF), which will invest in electronics and information technology (IT) entrepreneurial ventures.
The policy frame for the EDF is aimed to resolve unavailability of adequate risk capital through venture funds for research and development (R&D), innovation and intellectual property creation in the companies operating in four areas — electronic system and design, manufacturing, nanoelectronics, and IT, according to a senior communications ministry official.
The corpus of the fund, which has been left open ended, will be managed by Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) or similar financial institution to fund startups and other ventures that promotes the EDF policy.
“There is an urgent need for manufacturing electronics and telecom products (in India), especially those having security implications,” a source in communications ministry said.
A National Policy on Elec­tronics (NPE) had envisaged that the EDF will be a ‘fund of funds’ to participate in ‘daughter of funds’ (angel funds and venture funds). The plan is to leverage these funds to acquire foreign companies, so as to shift the manufacturing of products currently imported in large volumes into the country.
“The fund is proposed to be managed professionally and would be accessible to both the government and the private sector,” the source added.
Communications minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has been highlighting the need to promote domestic electronics manufacturing. It is important since the current domestic demand for electronics in India is about $45 billion and is expected to grow at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 22% for the period 2009-2020, according to a note by the department of electronics. With current growth rate, the production of electronics hardware in the country is likely to grow to $42 billion by the end of 2014 and $105 billion by 2020, as per the note.

Chief Ministers cross swords over dismantling of Planning CommissionChief Ministers cross swords over dismantling of Planning Commission
PTI Dec 13, 2014, 07.00PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Harish Rawat said that institutions…)
NEW DELHI: Uttarkhand Chief Minister Harish Rawat today criticised the move to dismantle Planning Commission saying it has created uncertainty in the country, a view countered by Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis who claimed the new framework will give more rights to states.
Rawat said that institutions like Planning Commission are "time tested" and it has tried to do justice with states in the federal structure. He said one should not talk of dismantling it unless unless a "unanimous alternative" is reached.
The Congress leader stated that just saying that the process of consultation has started is not enough "because for the last six months, this uncertainty is there which is not good for the country".
However, BJP leader Fadnavis defended the Centre's move to dismantle the Planning Commission and termed the concerns raised by Rawat "baseless". He said that government is a "continuous" process and the Planning Commission still exists.
"Till the time the, new institution comes up, the planning body will keep functioning," he said.
"Institutions like Planning Commission, finance commission...they are such institutions which are time tested ones and have tried to do justice with states in the existing federal structure, provided states a platform to give their opinion. Unless a unanimous alternative is reached upon, it (Commission) should not be finished," Rawat said during a discussion on a TV channel in which Fadnavis also participated.
Rawat accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of not consulting any political party or making any attempt to arrive at national consensus on the issue.
"You are taking such a big decision, have you tried to reach a national consensus or are you trying to impose your own thoughts on national consensus. You did not take Chief Ministers in the decision, you did not consult the political parties, you did not conduct any open house consultations.
"He (Modi) did not do any such thing and only said it should be dismantled and has not made it clear what should be done next on the issue. This is our concern," Rawat said.
Fadnavis said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has worked for many years both as Chief Miniser and in the oppostion and has experienced the difficulties in the centre-state relationship.
It is because of this he wants Centre-state relationship to be stronger, the Maharashtra Chief Minister said, adding that in a democratic set up, when a institution replaces the others, it is done for good.
"Government is a continuous process and under that planning commission still exists. Till the new institution comes up, it will keep functioning," Fadnavis said.
He said that the debate on this issue was started by former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who had in his last speech that the role Planning Commission is playing, it will not suffice and drastic changes has to be made.
"The framework on which discussions are going on, in that states are getting more rights and will get more consultations. The participation of states is increasing in that framework," Fadnavis said.
  He said that the consultation process is on and for that online suggestions were taken as well views of economists and sociologists after which the meeting with Chief Ministers was called.
Raising his concerns, Rawat said that states are facing difficulty as to who should they approach - finance department or the PMO.
"States like ours which depend on central assistance, the uncertainty has grown for them. There is a fear also. The country has many disadvantageous regions and sections of society.
"States like Uttarakhand or NE states...the Planning Commission used to understand about their geographical difficulties and historical backwardness and had developed special mechanism to address that...there is an uncertainty in front of us," he said.
He said that for building a new institution in federal structure, "one should talk to political parties, states and also talk to other stakeholders like NGOs and social groups".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Saradha case: Mamata slams Modi over Mitra; BJP says she s  panickingComments
A day after the  arrest of state minister Madan Mitra  over the Saradha scam, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee hit out against Prime Minister Narendra Modi calling it "political vendetta", while the BJP said she was panicking because of her "involvement."
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
"There are photos of the Prime Minister  with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that the CBI arrest the PM?" Mamata said at a protest rally held in the Maidan area. 
She said Trinamool Congress MPs will protest in Parliament against  the arrest of state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra who is also her close aide.Mitra was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for his alleged role in the multi-crore-rupee chit fund scandal. 
"Stay within your limits or face music," she warned the BJP and the Centre and added "People of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power."
Responding to her charges, the BJP in Delhi said Banerjee is pressing the "panic button" and "rattled" by the possibility that her "own
involvement" could come to light.
 
"Dare does not matter. Sometimes I can say these are politically motivated attempts...If anything which is linking
Mamata Banerjee with the scam, she would be investigated and interrogated by the CBI. It is for CBI to take that call and
not for me to direct the CBI,"BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi told reporters outside Parliament
 
"And it will be determined on the fact of the case and investigating material, which is before the police. I am no one to direct CBI, nor is the BJP. CBI is an autonomous institution," she added.
 
Lekhi said that if Banerjee has done anything wrong or committed any wrong in terms of conspiracy which has happened or if any link is found connecting her with Saradha scam "her dare will go away" because the law would then take its course.
Another party spokesperson G V L Narsimha Rao attacked Banerjee, saying she has "lost all her courage" and was making "adventurous comments" without offering an explanation on the alleged role of her party leaders.
"She is possibly rattled by the revelations and possibly fears that her own involvement in the scam would come to light," he said.
Opposition parties in West Bengal have repeatedly accused the chief minister of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
Meanwhile, West Bengal minister Madan Mitra was sent to CBI custody till Dec 16 by a Kolkata court
Rejecting the bail plea moved by Mitra's lawyers, the chief judicial magistrate's court sent him to four days' custody in connection with the ponzi scandal.
 The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case. 

Madan Mitra alleges political conspiracy behind arrestMadan Mitra alleges political conspiracy behind arrest
If image is proof  PM should be arrested: Mamata | Mitra remanded to CBI custodyYou are here: Home > Collections > Banerjee
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee attacks BJP, Centre, says TMC MPs to protest in Parliament
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 02.47AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(There are photos of the PM…)
KOLKATA: Rejecting the demand for sacking Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrested in Saradha scam case, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today stepped up her attack on Narendra Modi saying "if image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then the Prime Minister should be arrested for Sahara scam."
Appparently referring to photos of Mitra sharing the dais with Saradha Group chairman Sudipata Sen, who is now in judicial custody in connection with the scam, at a function, Banerjee said "if an image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then the PM should be arrested for Sahara scam.
"There are photos of several CPI-M leaders with chit fund owners. There are photos of the PM with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that CBI arrest PM Narendra Modi? Banerjee told a rally of TMC workers here.
She said she would not fire Mitra as minister in the wake of his arrest and added that for the time being she will oversee the departments held by him.
Banerjee said Trinamool MPs would stage protests in parliament from Monday against the arrest of Mitra.
She charged CBI's image has been "dented" and it has been turned into a "political tool."
"CBI has lost all credentials. It has become His Master's Voice. CBI has become a political tool. It is time to wind it up. TMC MPs will protest in Parliament from Monday (December 15) against BJP's politics of vendetta," she charged.
"Stay within your limits or face the music," she warned BJP and the Centre and added "people of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power."
In keeping with her street-fighter image, Banerjee hit the road along with thousands of partymen, including ministers and several sportspersons in a protest march against the arrest.
Banerjee defended Mitra and said "I do not believe that Madan is a thief or dacoit. His family pecuniary condition is not such that he had to take this money (from Saradha ponzi group) to sustain his family."
The chief minister said Mitra, a key party organiser and also state Sports Minister, was called as a "witness" to the CBI office and was arrested hours after and claimed this was done following a phone call from Delhi.
"His (Mitra's) son, who met him after the arrest, was told by Madan that CBI officials were just interacting with him and asking him as to which school and college he had studied in. At this stage, a phone call came from Delhi, following which he was arrested.
"Madan was called as a witness. If after being called as a witness, one gets arrested this way then no one will go to depose as witness," Banerjee said.
Referring to TMC's strength in Parliament, Banerjee said two or three of its MPs have been arrested in connection with scam so that it cannot use its full strength to cast votes against the central government.
Accusing BJP of playing politics of vindictiveness, she warned "it will boomerang on you when you will be out of power."
  "I must tell those who are in power - stay within your limits or you will face the music ... Governments come and go, democracy remains forever. Those in power in Delhi must remember that," the TMC supremo said.
"I am now in a position (as chief minister). If I had not been in this position, I would have pulled out the tongue," Banerjee said without elaborating.
"One BJP leader (Siddharth Nath Singh) and warned they will arrest Madan (Mitra) in 2014, Mukul (Roy) in 2015 and Mamata (herself) in 2016. What audacity ! We will see who stands where (in the elections)."
She asked party cadre to politically fight BJP. "They are trying to start riots in the state. We will never let them make this possible. What will happen if we (the state government) start arresting them ?
CPI-M reiterated its demand of questioning Banerjee in connection with the Saradha scam and termed her challenge to CBI to arrest her as "unconstitutional."
"She has challenged the Supreme Court's directive to CBI to probe the Saradha scam ... Being the chief minister of a state, how can she do this ? This is against Constitution... We are ashamed of this," Leader of Opposition in the state Surkyakanta Mishra said at a rally here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US labor market: Employment growing at fastest pace in years(One reason the unemployment…)
By Floyd Norris
It was called the "jobless recovery" after the Great Recession ended in June 2009, and employment did not hit bottom until early 2010. But now, employment is growing at the fastest pace in years and the unemployment rate has fallen to 5.8 per cent from a peak of 10 per cent.
One reason the unemployment rate has declined, however, is that a lot of people seem to have dropped out of the labour force and, therefore, are not being counted as unemployed. Some people always drop out during recessions, when they conclude that prospects of finding work are slim. But they normally come back when the market improves.
It is not just the aging of the baby boomers that has caused the decline. Early boomers are now over 65, and people of that age are more likely to have retired and left the labour force. But the labour force participation rate has declined among all age groups younger than 62.
A number of reasons have been suggested for the declines. Perhaps there is a greater skills mismatch, as the new jobs being created demand skills that unemployed people lack. Perhaps people who could not find work when they left school, and have been out of work for years, are simply estranged from the labour market. If those are major factors, then efforts to stimulate the economy might do little to get them into jobs.
But if there is a large cyclical factor - if the effect of the recession has simply been stronger and longer-lasting than in most previous downturns - then we ought to see a pickup in the labour force participation rates for prime age groups. Those who dropped out of the labour force because they could not find jobs nearly as good as the ones they previously held might be more tempted to return, particularly if tentative signs that wages are rising turn out to be correct.
The coming year may provide the answer. Paradoxically, the best outcome might be if the number of new jobs continues to increase at a good pace but the unemployment rate stops falling, or at least declines more slowly. That would happen if more people decide to re-enter the labour market, ending the decline in the labour market participation rates among prime age workers, those 25 to 54 years of age.
The unemployment rate, and the labour market participation rate, are based on a monthly survey of households, asking whether each person older than 16 is working or, if not, is actively looking for work.
The sharpest declines in the proportion of people working or looking for work have come among teenagers and those in their early 20s. (That may not be bad news, if it indicates more such people are staying in school.) Early in the recession, the proportion of men in the labour force declined. But more women ages 25 to 39 joined the labour force, perhaps reflecting wives seeking jobs as the employment outlook darkened for their husbands. As the recession worsened, however, women of those ages began to leave the labour force.
Above the age of 55, labour force participation rates initially rose for most groups after the recession began, no doubt because some people put off retirement. But the rates for both men and women in the 55-to-59 age group are now lower than they were when the recession began. Some people can choose when to retire; others have that decision made for them by their employers. Older groups still have higher participation rates than before the recession, but some of those rates have slipped this year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hindujas acquire iconic London buildingHindujas to turn Winston Churchill's World War II office into hotel
Prasun Sonwalkar , Hindustan Times  London, December 13, 2014
First Published: 22:35 IST(13/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:18 IST(14/12/2014)
Comments
The Hinduja Group has acquired the historic Old War Office building opposite Downing Street from where former prime minister Winston Churchill took key decisions during World War II.
G P Hinduja, co-chairman of the Hinduja Group, told HT on Saturday that the building, with nearly 1,100 rooms, would be converted into a 5-star hotel and residential apartments.
It’s not known how much the group paid for the building but it is one of the costliest properties in London due to its heritage status and prime location opposite the PM’s residence. The Hinduja brothers were ranked the richest in Britain in 2014.
Based at 57, Whitehall, the building covers 580,000 sqft across seven floors and is connected by more than 3km of corridors. The Hindujas acquired the building in partnership with a Spanish firm Obrascon Huarte Lain Desarrollos.
The ministry of defence confirmed the acquisition. Defence secretary Michael Fallon said: “... the purchaser will be granted a new 250-year lease to ensure that the heritage and security of the building is well managed”.
Hinduja said: “We will make every effort to honour the heritage and restoration of this national monument, elevate its status and reconnect it with the public… we are proud to be playing such a crucial role in this new chapter for the Old War Office.”

Big  fat Yadav wedding: Made in political heavenComments
Tej Pratap Yadav is yet to see Raj Laxmi, his bride to be. But he knows together, they hold the key to a major political marriage that would bring more than two powerful families together. Foreign-educated Tej Pratap, 27, is an MP from Mainpuri. More importantly, he is the grand-newphew of Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav.
Advertisement
And Raj Laxmi, 24, is Rashtriya Janata Dal chief Lalu Prasad’s youngest daughter. Their romance has blossomed since the two Yadav families met in Lucknow for shagun – pre-engagement ritual – on December 7. “I spoke to her for the first time after the ceremony and am looking forward to our first meeting on December 16,” Tej Pratap told HT.
December 16 is the day of their engagement at a Delhi farmhouse, where UP’s first family and that of Lalu in Bihar would converge. The marriage is likely in February.
For many in UP, the upcoming event is a throwback to the days when marriages sealed alliances between kingdoms across the Gangetic plain.
Others see it as a precursor to the December 22 dharna the Janata Parivar constituents plan to stage at Jantar Mantar.
Tej Pratap is excited that the match made by “our elders” would bring the two political parties and the two states together.
“I hope Raj Laxmi can adjust to life in our ancestral village Saifai, but she is excited too,” he said.
So is Mulayam, who has finally kept his word of bringing a bride from Lalu’s family. The former had earlier sought his son and UP chief minister Akhilesh’s marriage with the latter’s daughter. But Akhilesh was already committed to Dimple Rawat.
That aside, the two political patriarchs had their differences since 1990 when Lalu, as Bihar chief minister stopped LK Advani’s Rath Yatra on the border with UP in an alleged show of one-upmanship.
In 1997, Lalu threw a spanner in Mulayam’s bid to become the prime minister. They exchanged barbs in December 2013 too.
The matrimonial alliance has renewed their personal and political friendship.
SP insiders say Mulayam perhaps knew Lalu would like a man with some political status as his son-in-law. So he created space for Tej Pratap to be elevated from block pramukh to MP from Mainpuri earlier this year.
Amid the euphoria, Tej Pratap wishes his father and Mulayam’s nephew Ranbir Singh Yadav were alive to witness the momentous alliance. Ranbir, who died in 2002, was an important cog in the SP wheel.
For the time being, the SP chief has kept people guessing about the ‘bigger wedding’ – union of various regional forces that branched out of the Janata Dal. Both SP and RJD are dependent on Yadavs who form 20% of India’s population and together with the communities Nitish Kumar’s JD-U caters to, could make the elusive Third Front count across 120 Lok Sabha seats straddling UP and Bihar.

@shamiwitness  owner Mehdi held  cops say no links with groupComments
The young engineer behind a popular pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account was arrested on Saturday at his one-room rented accommodation in an upscale Bengaluru neighbourhood, triggering pledges to free him by those subscribing to the terror group’s alarming agenda.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the man who operated pro-IS Twitter handle, worked for a MNC. (Photo courtesy- Bengaluru City Police on Twitter)
“On the basis of credible intelligence inputs ... we have apprehended Mehdi Masroor Biswas from his apartment,” said director general of police LR Pachuau.
The mobile phone — the one that he apparently used to tweet thousands of jihadi posts to his 17,000 followers on Twitter — was confiscated along with a laptop and other documents for evidence.
He is religious but not a fanatic: Mehdi’s father
Police said 24-year-old Mehdi from a Kolkata suburb working with ITC in Bengaluru didn’t probably have any direct links with the terror group which controls swathes of Syria and Iraq as part of its campaign to create an Islamic caliphate.
“He appears to have been only majorly active in the virtual world,” said Bengaluru police commissioner MN Reddi.
Police said he used to post Twitter messages after office hours, cheering the IS’s advances in Iraq and Syria, and mocking its enemies. “He was particularly close to the English-speaking terrorists of IS and became a source of incitement and information for the new recruits trying to join IS,” Reddi said.
ISIS twitter case: Accused arrested by police, confesses operating account since many years
A case registered against him for abetting war against the state.
But his parents in Kolkata said he was being framed. “He is religious but not a fanatic to join a terrorist group. He didn’t go to a madrasa and doesn’t even know Arabic,” said mother Mamtaz Begam.
Britain’s Channel4 on Wednesday night revealed Mehdi as the man behind the Twitter handle @ShamiWitness that was described as a “leading conduit of information between jihadis, supporters and recruits” with 2 million views each month.
But Reddi said Biswas never recruited anyone or facilitated any such activity in India, and had never traveled outside India.
Reports suggest Mehdi was seeking cheap thrill as he was drawn into the IS propaganda machine that promotes its conquests, inspires sympathisers and attracts new recruits through the social media. The IS uses Hollywood-style film clips and other elements to attract disaffected but plugged-in young Muslims like Mehdi, a regular man who shares “jokes, pictures of pizza dinners with friends and Hawaiian parties at work” on his Facebook account.
His arrest prompted IS to launch a "Free Shami Witness" campaign while Kurdish fighters in Syria celebrated the news.
“Bengaluru ruthless Police arrest brother Mehdi Masroor Biswas as owner of @ShamiWitness twitter acc,” wrote IS Tweeter handle, @IS_WorldPress, drawing immediate response from the group’s supporters across the world to free him at any cost.
“We all miss #ShamiWitness twitter isnt the same without his news,” tweeted JanissaryFighter ( ?@SaifAlRasheed97 ).
Kurdish fighters, the IS’s bitter enemies, uploaded morphed pictures of Biswas behind the bars, wearing Santa Claus hats.

Pakistan edge past India 4-3 to enter Champions trophy finalPakistan edge past India 4-3 to enter Champions trophy final
ONGC Declares Interim Dividend  Notifies 3 DiscoveriesONGC Declares Interim Dividend  Notifies 3 Discoveries
Forced to suspend sales  Xiaomi assessing legal optionsForced to suspend sales  Xiaomi assessing legal options
Ours are theStreetsOnly when we learn to extend the scrutiny and structure of our physical worlds to the digital too. (Source: Express Archive)
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:05 am
By Nishant Shah
In the last few weeks, we have realised something we have always known — that the world is not a safe space and that the digital is not going to save anybody. At least, not in and by itself. The recent news about the rape of a woman in a cab run by the online taxi company Uber threw us in a tizzy, least of all, because it reminds us of the gruesome December 16 rape case not so long ago. The digital protests, offline vigils, and collective rage and grief that we had all expressed in the wake of that dark moment of national shame, have marked the ways in which we talk about gender and sexual violence in India.
While the mobilisation of the urban middle classes to come to arms against gendered violence was admirable, there is no denying the fact that we seemed to open ourselves to conversations and interventions around this culture of rape and abuse, only when it happened to somebody who was like us. Statistics show us that many equally abusive and violent crimes have been committed on women in less visible contexts, but we have learned to ignore them because they happen to “other people”.
The social web has emerged as one of the strongest forms of mobilising networks of weak ties to collectively fight against problems in our contemporary societies by becoming agents of change themselves. It enables people to not wait for traditional forms of activism — mediated by civil societies or non-governmental organisations — but to channel their discontent directly through online and offline networks.
At the same time, the social web produces a “gentrification” of politics, where those who have digital access fight for issues which affect them directly. This leads to a skewed attention distribution, where the problems that we experience are the ones that get the most visibility, whereas grave concerns of those who are on the fringes of digital access and imagination remain largely ignored. The protests around the Uber rape betray this sentiment, where the shock is not just about the persistent cultures of misogyny and violence that our society seems to be harbouring and condoning, but also about whom it happened to. The victim was marked by strength and support, by her using an online service like Uber that requires literacy, affordability, and a condition of digital immersion that is often perceived as a safety net of urban survival.
When a person like this is made vulnerable and abused in this manner, it shocks us, because in the celebration of the technological environments and networks of sharing, we have often neglected the fact that the online does not exist in vacuum. While it might create new forms of distribution, consumption, engagement and connection, it still reflects the structural inequalities and violences of our offline worlds. Services like Uber, with their GPS-enabled tracking of vehicles, random assignment of cab services, and establishing a “sharing” relationship between the cab driver and the customer, with the company’s digital reputation ensuring conditions of trust, are seen as exempt from the conditions of insecurity in our societies.
It is important, every time an incident like this becomes public, for us to fight, to rage, and to demand from our governments and societies that we build better infrastructure of security to end gendered and sexual violence. The trauma and the pain of the victim is not any less because she has certain privileges afforded to her by her class and digital intersections. And yet, we also need to ensure that our mobilisations of anger and protest are not always limited to cases where people like you and me are affected. The digital, because it grants hyper-visibility to certain images which can be circulated easily and narratives that can get a lot of attention, can also flatten other forms of violence and inequalities which do not find a space in these narratives of violence.
The challenge for us, online and offline, is going to be five-fold. The first is to make sure that our rage is not triggered only when something like this happens to those who we share weak ties with. The second is to not confuse the visibility granted to these narratives online as having enough power to actually change things through offline political action. The third is to recognise that online services are as much a part of our lived social reality as the offline world. Fourthly, we have to stop thinking of digital technologies as the solution to problems — it can only be an implementation to solutions. And last, the same scrutiny and structure we bring to our physical worlds also need to be brought to the digital because in the times we live in, what happens to us online has direct repercussions on our offline selves.
Nishant Shah is a professor of new media and the co-founder of The Centre for Internet & Society Bangalore.

That Wonderful Time of theYearMETHOD
*Heat oven to 180’C.
*Blanch the almonds in hot water for 10 minutes. Remove the skins and spread them on a baking sheet. Bake,    stirring occasionally, until lightly toasted, for 10 minutes. Remove from oven; cool, then chop coarsely.
*Beat butter in large bowl with electric mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy. Add half of the icing  sugar; continue beating for three minutes. Add egg yolk, brandy and vanilla; beat until smooth. Mix the almonds,    flour and baking powder well. (If dough is too soft, add flour for soft texture.) Shape a tablespoon full of dough into  small crescents.
*Bake on ungreased baking sheets until set and very pale golden in colour for about 15 minutes. Remove cookies and   place on a cooling rack.
*Dust the cookies while still hot, with the remaining icing sugar. Repeat twice. Store in airtight containers till        Christmas.
My earliest memories of Christmas is getting a tiny tree for the house and decking it up during foggy Delhi Decembers. At home, we were encouraged to celebrate all festivals, and which child doesn’t like to do up a tree with all manner of adornments? We didn’t do a lot of Christmas cooking at home, but we had several Christian family friends drop by with saltpeter beef and puddings, so food was always a big part of the celebrations.
While I was studying and working in New York, the entire city was filled with a sense of bonhomie during Christmas. There, the Christmas spirit is something tangible, you can feel it all around you. There are Santas from the Salvation Army, and the giant Christmas tree at the Rockerfeller Centre. Everyone takes time to wish people, something rather unusual for New Yorkers! The restaurants I worked at used to go crazy, dishing out festive delicacies, and sending out complimentary items to every table.
One year, I spent my holidays with some Greek friends, and it was incredible. There was this enormous mousakka and special Christmas almond cookies called Kourambiethes and a whole lot of other dishes along with mulled wine. I was also lucky enough to spend another Christmas with an Irish-Korean family in Conneticut. There, the food was an intriguing mix, bolstered by copious amounts of whiskey.
I think such exposure influenced my approach to Christmas cooking. At Olive in Bangalore, we always try and make Christmas more than just a big spread of food and booze. Basically, we try and recreate that bonhomie that is so popular in the West. All this goes on till new year, so it’s about 20 days of celebration. In that sense, I love Christmas in Bangalore; Olive has four large churches around it, and, during the holidays, you see families walking down to and from the church, exchanging wishes and hugs. You can actually feel the cheer in the air.
We’re doing a special Anglo-Indian menu at Monkey Bar for the first time this year and we’ve already got a great response from the community in Bangalore, as well as from the East Indian Christian families. I was fortunate enough to find these old books, a treasure trove of Anglo-Indian recipes, owned by a Bengali family that collects old books. We cherry picked some recipes from there (yes, I returned the books). Anglo-Indian food isn’t a compromise on cultures; rather, I like to think of it as one of the first successful instances of fusion cooking.
(As told to Shantanu David)
Manu Chandra is executive chef, Olive Beach, Bangalore, and partner and executive chef, Monkey Bar and The Fatty Bao.

A Muslim sculptor s monuments of faithUpdated: December 14, 2014 02:28 IST
Chiselling out the dividing lines
T. Karnakar Reddy
Tweet
The Hindu
Sculptor Sheik Rabbani and his team busy at work at Chaya Someshwara Swamy Temple, Panagal in Nalgonda district, Telangana, on Saturday. Photo: Singam Venkataramana
TOPICS
arts, culture and entertainment
Sheik Rabbani has restored 20 temples and constructed 15 new ones
Amid growing tension between the majority and minority communities, here is an example of perfect communal harmony with a 32-year-old Muslim man from Guntur embarking on the task of restoring historical and dilapidated Hindu temples in Telangana as well as Andhra Pradesh.
With a team of 40 workers, all of them Muslims, Sheik Rabbani of Turkapalem in Guntur is credited with restoring 20 historical temples in both the States and constructing 15 finest new rock-built temples. All this has been accomplished by Mr. Rabbani in the last 10 years.
Speaking to The Hindu, Mr. Rabbani said his great grand parents had learnt the art from some Tamil sculptors probably in the late 19th century.
"I grew up seeing my grandfather and father having mastered the art of sculpting rocks and stones and turning them into marvellous structures. All this was done to earn their livelihood. As my parents were not in a position to support my education, I dropped out of school in Class VII and started helping my father,” he said.
To hone his skills, Mr. Rabbani took the guidance of Murthy, a noted artisan of Guntur. Having learnt the finer aspects of sculpting, he started working in close association with the Archaeology Department to restore temples from 2003.

Unaffordable stock trading mistakesCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The birght spot for pfc is the following statement nifty may go down b...Silver Member
3 Followers
The birght SPOT for PFC is the following statement nifty may go down but PFC has no reasons to go down it has very good data so no need to worry PFC will be heading upwards up to 300 Marks for sure on monday.
The few bright spots were electricity (13.3 percent vst 3.9 percent), basic goods (5.8 percent vs 5.1 percent) and mining (5.2 percent vs o.7 percent)
1.24 AM Dec 14th 2014  | Track

Simple investment ideas read hereCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Vinay bhau kahi chance ahe ka vachayache Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

http://usat.ly/12ypj1nFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
McDonald's to eliminate eight menu items
McDonald's is sending eight items to the chopping block and maybe even getting rid of some ingredients, as the fast-food chain tries to revamp it's supersize-me reputation.
Post to Facebook
McDonald's to eliminate eight menu items McDonald's is sending eight items to the chopping block and maybe even getting rid of some ingredients, as the fast-food chain tries to revamp it's supersize-me reputation. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1Dc10ac
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
354
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
McDonald's to eliminate eight menu items
USA Today Network Mary Bowerman , USA TODAY Network 8:32 p.m. EST December 10, 2014
McDonald's is trimming its menu.
(Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images)
22785 CONNECT 296 TWEET 95 LINKEDIN 354 COMMENTEMAILMORE
McDonald's is sending eight items to the chopping block and maybe even getting rid of some ingredients, as the fast-food chain tries to revamp its supersize-me reputation.
The chain announced plans to speed up service time by simplifying the menu and reducing the number of Extra Value Meals from 16 to 11 during an investor meeting Wednesday.
The chain plans on reducing choices of various items, meaning instead of four quarter-pound options, consumers will have one.
According to McDonald's spokeswoman Becca Hary, the "cleaner menu board" is already being tested at several locations in the U.S.
The changes come as the fast-food giant struggles to hold on to customers after the company reported another monthly decline in U.S. sales.  In November, sales fell 4.6%, the Associated Press reports.
During the meeting, McDonald's CEO Don Thompson said the company failed to keep up with consumers' changing diet preferences, according to the AP. Thompson did not mention which items were getting the boot.
In order to stay in the playing field, McDonald's is banking on its new "Create Your Taste" program, where consumers can customize their sandwiches .
Video Keywords consumer targets sweet potato Fries ticket prices future growth Smartphone IPad iPhone
Want  jalapeños on your burger? USA TODAY's Bruce Horovitz takes a look at McDonald's "Create Your Taste" experiment at one of their franchises in Orange County, Calif. Video produced by Robert Hanashiro/USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:04  This is a brand new concept that we are testing
00:06  for McDonald's. Called create your taste it started off as build
00:11  your burger. The now that we that a chicken and potential
00:14  for other things in the future we've gone to calling it
00:16  create your case. We're customer can command. And make a sandwich
00:21  to their own design. We also have sweet potato Fries. And
00:25  a customer signal. We believe that. Create case is going to
00:32  appeal to. Amoled meals but it subsequent to a coastal wide
00:37  range. Of consumer targets. So the beauty of it is it's
00:41  going to be broadly appealing. It's like using air quick air
00:47  tonight. Ordered just whatever I want but that's about it and
00:52  but if I guarded on my phone would be even more
00:55  convenient for each generation has their own idiosyncrasies in the millennial
00:59  Los. Are such that everything with them as electronic. So one
01:03  of the ways we are trying to appeal to the millennial
01:06  is with the kiosks that we. They love it most colonials
01:10  would rather deal with a computer. IPad iPhone and actually have.
01:15  Interaction with another human being so it's just our way of
01:17  trying to be relevant with the colonials. And they're really like
01:21  the kiosk to them is it is something that we should
01:24  have had awhile ago and they're waiting on our app. I
01:27  have two sons who are. Both Paul and elves and they're
01:30  saying the same thing dad when we would we have our
01:32  McDonald's. App on our iphones we can just pre order everything
01:36  and commanding get out. We'll get there. I would say we
01:39  are always. Looking to innovate we're always testing for new ideas
01:43  and new ways to grow the business. And we always have
01:47  multiple irons in the fire on ways that we can. Remain
01:51  relevant and generate new streams of revenue. So again yes there
01:56  is risk associated with the speed which which removing. But there
02:00  are many media other. Plans that are going in the place
02:05  that will help address the future growth opportunities with this company.
02:09  It takes a long time. Even warned you on the machine.
02:13  We can get it in the drive thru because takes on.
02:17  Can you talk about that inherent problem of the timing issue
02:20  and why you can't get a ticket prices. There and Bruce
02:23  you know really that is not a problem will we found
02:26  from our customers to and our research is that they don't
02:29  mind the wait. When they go through the process of ordering.
02:34  Exactly what they're looking for. And then are able to come
02:37  to the table and sit down and break out there Smartphone
02:41  and go through intake he mellowed. Listen to music would do
02:45  whatever it is that they wanted to do. That basically takes
02:48  up the time it takes for us to get him there.
02:51  Their food to their tape it's about five to seven minutes
02:54  opinion with the war in response to drive was concerned what
02:57  we're doing is we're making. The decision at this point to
03:02  make this and any restaurant experience. So we want customers have
03:06  a little bit more time. And are willing to wait to
03:09  come inside and go through the entire experience. In the future
03:13  we may have a drive through solution but it. Present time
03:17  this is really just about the investment experience. Be honest I'd
03:21  say the best barriers are in an out and investigation which
03:24  is actually put it in now doesn't have weekends that's did.
03:28  Quality and they also in not doesn't offer a whole opinion
03:30  is on the rigors. So with that McDonald's is actually. Doing
03:35  better than in our noses through that more. Specialty you want.
03:38  Can't just take one little part and say by itself is
03:42  this going to be a game changer. Put together it's because
03:46  of that she would be as powerful in my mind as
03:49  breakfast. We've got the best Fries in the world and I
03:53  quite frankly think attributed fragile pretty good tip so now we
03:56  can get a fantastic. Burgers custom built. With custom ingredients fried
04:02  tomatoes guacamole. Almost no reason to go anywhere else.
Follow @MaryBowerman on Twitter
22785 CONNECT 296 TWEET 95 LINKEDIN 354 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Dc10ac
USA NOW
More AirAsia crash victims recovered amid bad weather
Jan 02, 2015

Column: Do not reform NREGA  junk itShould mobile VoIP services be charged extra?
All Narendra Modi had to do was to suggest that the expenditures for NREGA be restricted to the 100 poorest districts in India. Soon after, the sound and fury of the proponents of NREGA descended upon those willing to disagree with them.
In a recent article, Professor Abhijit Banerjee of MIT, one of the staunchest supporters of NREGA,plaintively asks: “What’s the plan for MNREGA? Modi has to explain” (Hindustan Times,November 26, 2014). Banerjee admits that while there have been leakages in NREGA in the past, but according to the latest NSS 2011-12, the leaks have been substantially plugged, such that there is only 20% leakage at present. Hence, there is no reason for PM Modi to reduce the size of NREGA, and his demand for an explanation.In Banerjee’s own words:
“Yet there are a lot of people who are beneficiaries of this (NREGA) and will miss it when it is gone … Both sides (and indeed the entire nation) deserve to be told why this is the one UPA programme that has been singled out for the axe… [It is] one of the largest welfare programmes in the world. And contrary to what is sometimes suggested, these days, most of this money does not end up in the wrong pocket. Clement Imbert from Oxford University compared the number of days of MGNREGA employment reported in the National Sample Survey in 2011, with the corresponding report in the MGNREGA database, and found a gap of 20% — implying that 20% of the reported days of work did not happen. But 80% did.”
For the debate to begin, and for Modi to answer the plea of Banerjee and other leading 28 economists who have demanded a re-look at the decision to scale back this programme, it is important to get the facts right.
The problem with NREGA is that there is a lot of leakage, i.e., individuals receive benefits and work payments for work that they have not done, or have done only on paper, or are not poor. One of the great ironies of history is that the chief architect of NREGA, Jean Dreze, had written an article in 2005 (“Loot for Work Programme”, July 1, 2005, Times of India) which dealt with the extraordinary corruption in employment programme.
Dreze wrote, “The problem may be illustrated with reference to the maintenance of ‘muster rolls’. These muster rolls are crucial documents, which contain (or are supposed to contain) detailed information on the number of days of work performed by, and wages paid to, each labourer…
In Palamau, muster rolls were fudged with some sophistication. Some had names of labourers on the left-hand side, and their signatures (or thumbprints) on the right-hand side. The middle columns, with details of work done and wages due, were left blank, presumably to be filled at an appropriate time by enterprising officials. The lack of transparency of muster rolls is only one illustration, among many, of the systematic failure to enforce the NFFWP guidelines.”
Dreze convincingly illustrates the magnitude of corruption, and the modus operandi of panchayats, bureaucrats and political officials administering such programs. Sadly, and much to the regret of the needy poor, Dreze’s solution was to massively increase the size of the programme, make it national, and make it the flagship programme of Sonia Gandhi’s plan to win hearts and votes, i.e., the invention of NREGA.Equally sadly for the Congress, the plan to win votes did not quite work.
The accompanying table documents the NSS data on rural work programmes conducted in India since 1983. The NSS figures provide a convenient cross-check on figures routinely, and brazenly, put out by government departments. The official (NREGA database) estimates of the ministry of rural development (MRD) are also reported.NREGA was not prevalent in 2004; by 2007, it had spread to 100 districts, and by 2009, the grand plan had fully covered all the districts of India. A reasonable indicator of leakage (read corruption) in these public works programmes is the amount of employment (and therefore, wages) the poor access. The following facts emerge from just a cursory perusal of the table. The poor are defined as those whose monthly expenditures were less than the Tendulkar poverty line.
NREGA facts:
* In 1983 and 1993, around three-fourths of the rural poor were beneficiaries of food for work programmes. By 2011, the poor were less than half of the beneficiaries of employment programmes meant for back-breaking (not bank-balance enhancing) work. And 2011 has the lowest poor beneficiary percentage (45%) on record.
* The official statistics on NREGA employment are about 3 times more than what the NSS data indicates—and this is for both 2009 and 2011. If we did not have the NSS data, the MRD could continue to bluff its way for more funds for the “poor”.
* In 2011-12, NREGA expenditures were R31,000 crore and non-NREGA expenditures on PMGSY (Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana)were R18,000 crore. In addition, state budgets also have a non-NREGA public works component and it is likely that non-NREGA public works involve approximately the same expenditure as NREGA expenditures.
* On what basis does Banerjee obtain a figure of only 20 % leakage in 2011? As the table shows, this figure is obtained by adding up all public works programmes undertaken by the government of India, Centre plus state, and defining all such programs as NREGA. It is likely that both the enumerators and the respondents to the NSS survey were unsure of whether a public works programme was NREGA-sponsored or not; but to believe that all such expenditures were NREGA works is a gross, and grotesque, assumption.
* One generous method of attributing employment generation to NREGA is to assume that 50% of non-NREGA employment is actually NREGA. This raises total amount of NREGA employment to 1,391 million workdays in 2011, but it is still only 64 % of the number the MRD would have us believe.These simple facts about the NREGA programme should convince most people that the time has come to not reduce, but eliminate, public expenditure programme from the “in the name of the poor” shelf of programme. Why not junk NREGA and instead move to cash transfers for the poor? A recent study by Renana Jhabwala and her colleagues (Basic Income: A Transformative Policy for India) convincingly documents that cash transfers are the progressive and the least-corrupt way forward in delivery of services to the poor. If the leading economists really wanted to help the poor, shouldn’t they be writing letters and pleading with Modi to speed up cash transfers, rather than continue with corrupt NREGA?
Far too long the government of India and many of my colleagues have tinkered at the margin of helping the poor. Around the world, governments have replaced indirect transfers with direct transfers. If PM Modi is persisting with NREGA even in its reduced form, it is only because the vested (and corrupt) bureaucratic and political interests are more powerful than perhaps even Modi had imagined. How else do you read the facts regarding NREGA?
The author is chairman, Oxus Investments, and a senior advisor to Zyfin, a leading financial information company. Twitter: @surjitbhalla
Post Comments
More from fecolumnist

The Switchboard: Google said to pull engineering office out of RussiaBy Hayley Tsukayama December 12, 2014 Follow @htsuka
A computer user poses in front of a Google search page in this photo illustration taken in Brussels, May 30, 2014. (Photo by: Francois Lenoir/Reuters)
Published every weekday, the Switchboard is your morning helping of hand-picked stories from the Switch team.
Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Google gives a big 'nyet' to Russian engineering operations "The online search giant is reportedly planning to shut down its Russian engineering operations, which employ roughly 50 engineers," reports Fortune's Tom Huddleston Jr. The news was first reported by the subscription site The Information. "Google has maintained engineering operations in Russia since 2006, but the country has recently become less hospitable to foreign tech companies," Huddleston reports. "Russia recently passed new laws requiring any international tech company to house data concerning Russian citizens within the country rather than in data centers located elsewhere." In a statement to Fortune, Google said it was "deeply committed to our Russian users and customers and we have a dedicated team in Russia working to support them.”
What the FCC’s chairman told Verizon is a huge deal for net neutrality "For weeks, Internet providers have been warning regulators they'll stop growing their networks if they have to abide by strict net neutrality rules. But President Obama's top industry watchdog isn't buying that line," reports The Washington Post's Brian Fung. "FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler, a former tech lobbyist himself, shot down that argument Thursday. Responding to comments made by Verizon's chief financial officer this week, Wheeler said the telecom industry's been plenty willing to invest when it sees a market opportunity."
New Facebook buttons let you make reservations, launch apps and more "Facebook has rolled out a new feature that will let you click a single button on a businesses Facebook page to book reservations, use an app, go to their non-Facebook website or sign up for a subscription service, among other things," reports the Wall Street Journal's Nathan Olivarez-Giles. "The company says the buttons, which will sit just to the left of the Like button on a page, are built as 'new ways for people to interact with businesses.'Needless to say, it’s also a new way for Facebook to track how you and everyone else interact with those businesses."
Bitcoin gets a 'Microsoft bump' "The value of Bitcoin gained about 3% Thursday as Microsoft said it is allowing consumers to use the cybercurrency to buy mobile apps, music, videos and games," reports USA Today's Matt Krantz. "Microsoft said that Bitcoin will join the credit cards and Paypal as accepted methods of payments for several of its digital goods. That includes apps, videos and games for Windows, Windows Phone and Xbox."
Cellphone searches upon arrest allowed by Canada's top court "The Supreme Court of Canada says law enforcement officials can go through the cellphone of someone under arrest as long as the search relates directly to the arrest and police keep detailed notes," reports Laura Payton of Canada's CBC News."The Supreme Court of Canada split 4-3, with the minority arguing cellphones and personal computers are 'an intensely personal and uniquely pervasive sphere' that needs clear protection.'"
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

Editorial: Tech-ing it forwardShould mobile VoIP services be charged extra?
In France, agriculturists are flying drones over their fields for a number of uses—from inspecting the crop for pest infestations to monitoring crop-growth for calibrating fertiliser inputs. Similarly, in Canada, there are many real estate agents who would vouch that drone photography/videography has helped clients make property-purchase/rental decisions.
Drones, however, are just one of the many technologies that the latest Economist Technology Quarterly talks about, that are considered disruptive today but could be the norm in a few years. Consider, for example, printable microchips. For some years now, 3-D printing of solid objects using layers of material has been all the rage.
World over, people are finding new things to print with the technology—a company in China has actually printed whole low-cost houses! But printing a house and printing, say, a functional mp3-player would be two completely different things, starting with how the latter would need an assembly of microchips that are manufactured at billion-dollar fabrication plants.
Now, borrowing from the ink-based printing technology the humble photocopier uses, a team at the Palo Alto Research Centre in California, USA, has developed a way to print sheets of microchips that can run your digital appliances. So instead of an assembly-unit manned by bots and workers, a printer will be soon making microchips a few tens of nanometre long, wide, and thick. Being software-run, it is possible to tweak the process to print virtually any microchip, at a much lower cost.
Tying this with 3-D printing is a revolution waiting to happen—even if you don’t get to print your own smart-home right away, there is every likelihood that the components you need for it will get much cheaper and easier to procure.
If printable microchips is one exciting possibility coming to fruition today, artificial reefs that are helping conserve the marine ecosystem and nanodrugs that target their attack at the cancer site are two of the many others. However, the most significant potential from advances in technology—something that the Economist Technology Quarterly acknowledges with a cover story on grid-scale energy storage, (in batteries, that too!)—rests with the energy sector.
Lockheed Martin, a US-based engineering major, has devised a way to harness fusion reactions for power generation, which had proved elusive so far, while Tesla, a US-based “energy innovation” company has come up with a luxury electronic car. It is almost a cliché to say technology is driving human future. In this backdrop, ways to hasten the march of technology—like the Science Exchange initiative, a marketplace for renting research equipment lying idle in the best laboratories around the globe—have become a necessity.
Post Comments
More from fecolumnist

5 things about home loan transfersPrint
Many may seek a home loan transfer to benefit from lower interest rates. Given that most banks in India currently offer home loans at an average interest rate of 10.25 % (floating rate of interest), anyone paying more than this amount and still having 12 to 13 years outstanding on the loan should definitely consider a transfer.
However, the reality may be a little more complex. Every time the rate of interest falls, homeowners can’t leap for a loan transfer.
Here are some things to know before planning to transfer a home loan or getting it refinanced:
1. Transfer to another bank Vs negotiation existing bank:
Many people complain that banks are quick at hiking interest rates (floating), but seldom inclined to reduce them when the rates soften. Banks may not always allow new borrowers – who are about 3-4 years into the bank tenure – to reap benefits from lower rate of interest or agree upon negotiating other loan terms. However, if you have a good credit history and the ability to pay EMIs (Equated Monthly Installments) on time, you can make the most of it and approach another bank for home loan refinancing.
2. Know the rate of interest:
Before transfer, you should carefully research about the rate of interest being offered by different banks. The rates are readily available on bank websites. This can help you identify the best deal. Some financial experts prefer that there should be a difference of at least 175 base points or 1.75% for a deal to be good. Others hold the opinion that since the home loan is a long term debt, even a difference of 0.5% will be beneficial in the long run.
3. Fees and penalties:
In recent times, many banks like ICICI and State Bank of India have completely waived off any penalty on loan transfers, but some banks still charge borrowers who want to discontinue with their services. This is called pre-payment penalty. Banks typically charge around 2% penalty on the outstanding loan balance. This amount could turn out to be significant in case of a huge balance. Borrowers also have an option to get this amount financed by the new bank.
In addition, the new bank will also charge a processing fee for its refinancing services. Most banks and house financing companies charge 0.5% of the loan amount as processing fee. Some of them may charge a flat fee, which is usually restricted up to Rs 5,000.
4. Cost-benefit analysis:
Loan transfer will only make sense if the net savings over the entire tenure of the loan are greater (and more significant) than the expenses incurred in a transfer. Put simply, a transfer is beneficial when the net savings on outgoing interest is more than the total penalty and processing fee.
5. Right time for a shift:
Every EMI payment you make has an interest and a principal component. This means, part of the money is the interest, while the remaining is to repay the principal sum the bank loaned to you. As a thumb rule, in the beginning of the loan term, borrowers pay a higher amount towards interest payment; towards the end, they pay higher towards the principal repayment. This is why, it is better when you switch the loan during its initial years.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

Suspect arrested in Oregon school shootingBy Peter Holley December 13, 2014 Follow @peterjholley
UPDATE – ARREST: Shooting Investigation at Rosemary Anderson HS #RosemaryAHS (Photo) http://t.co/XLYvLjxgC2 pic.twitter.com/vZO3p9GN1F
— Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) December 13, 2014
Police in Portland, Ore., on Saturday released the identity of a man arrested in connection with a shooting at an alternative high school Friday that wounded four students, one of them critically.
Lonzo Deshawn Murphy, 22, has been identified by police as a “person of interest,” but investigators have not named him as the gunmen in Friday’s shooting at Rosemary Anderson High School, according to the Associated Press . Authorities are still looking for two other suspects who were at the scene of the shooting, the AP reported.
Murphy was arrested by members of the department’s gang enforcement team after his vehicle was stopped at North Interstate Avenue and Going Street at 1:30 a.m. Saturday. He is being held without bail due to a parole violation related to a 2013 robbery conviction, according to the Oregonian .
A handgun “consistent with what we were looking for related to this case,” was seized from Murphy’s vehicle, Portland Police Sgt. Pete Simpson told the AP. About half an hour after making the arrest, police searched Murphy’s apartment five blocks from the shooting scene as part of their investigation.
According to court records, Murphy has been arrested multiple times in recent years, the Oregonian reported. Most recently, in June 2013, he pleaded no contest to one count of second-degree robbery and one count of third-degree assault, the paper reported.
Police believe Friday’s shooting was gang-related and occurred after “some kind of dispute,”  according to NBC news .
“The nexus of it had to do with gang activity,” Simpson told the AP. “The proximity to the school was happenstance, if you will. It doesn’t sound like it had anything to do directly with the school.”
One of the victims, Taylor Michelle Zimmers, 16, was upgraded Saturday from critical to serious condition, according to the AP. Police identified the other victims — all of whom were students at the school or enrolled in a job training programs — as David Jackson-Liday, 20; and Labraye Franklin, 17, both of whom are listed in fair condition. A fourth victim, Olyvia Batson, 17, was grazed by a bullet and treated at the scene, according to the AP. Police said all of the victims were conscious and talking at the scene before being transported  to Legacy Emanuel Medical Center. 
According to the AP:
Police have designated Jackson-Liday as a gang member, a formal process that requires officers to develop evidence and provide the alleged gang member an opportunity to appeal, Simpson said. Franklin is known by officers to be affiliated with a gang but has not been designated a gang member, he said.
Zimmers and Batson have no apparent gang affiliations, Simpson said.
#RosemaryAHS 3 victims were transported from the scene. Conscious and Breathing.
— Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) December 12, 2014
#BREAKING School shooting at Rosemary Anderson HS, an alternative school near Jefferson HS http://t.co/fsjTkaF9Ca pic.twitter.com/EV4BgKyhXk
— FOX 12 Oregon KPTV (@fox12oregon) December 12, 2014
The shooting took place around 12:15 p.m. local time, not far from the campus in north Portland, police spokesman Sgt. Pete Simpson said in a statement released Friday . A caller from the school told authorities that after being shot outside the school, three students seeking help ran back inside the building, where they were eventually located by police. 
Witnesses described a harrowing scene inside the school as they waited for authorities to arrive.  Sierra Smith, a 17-year-old student, was in a government history class when the shooting occurred and described seeing a male victim being helped by a teacher.
“He was laying on the ground. He had blood coming out of his stomach,” she told the Oregonian . “It was scary.”
Oliviann Danley, a 16-year-old student told the paper she heard three shots and saw a group of students running inside the school.
Among the group was a boy who held his coat open, grabbed his side and yell, “Oh my God, did I just get shot?”
Rosemary Anderson High enrolls nearly 200 at-risk students who have dropped out, been expelled or who are homeless, according to the school’s Web site. On Friday, students told the Oregonian they were worried the shooting would damage the school’s reputation.
“It makes our school look bad” Isabelle Crosier told the paper, “but our school is not bad.”
[This post has been updated multiple times.]
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

Johns Hopkins team wins award for improved Ebola suitBy Lena H. Sun December 13, 2014 Follow @bylenasun
Personal protective equipment and disinfection procedures offer critical protection.
For health-care workers taking care of Ebola patients in West Africa, one of the biggest logistical problems has been the “moon suits” they must wear to protect against being infected by the deadly virus. The suits are hot. Taking them off is a meticulous, multistep process that can leave no room for error.
Now, a protective suit designed by a team from Johns Hopkins has been chosen as one of the winners in a global competition for solutions to increase the protection and comfort of front-line workers battling Ebola. The competition was launched in early October by the U.S. Agency for International Development, the lead agency coordinating the U.S. government Ebola response.
The suit is easier to take off, and has a small battery-powered source to cool the user by blowing air into the hood, said Youseph Yazdi, executive director of Johns Hopkins University’s Center for Bioengineering Innovation & Design, which worked with Jhpiego, an international health nonprofit group and university affiliate, and Clinvue, a health-care innovation and design consulting company in Baltimore. If major manufacturers sign on, Yazdi and U.S. officials hope a version of the new protective suit could be on the ground within a few months.
The goal of the competition was to come up with solutions that could get into the field as quickly as possible, without costing a lot of money. So the team used the same lightweight material that major manufacturers are currently using. But they redesigned it so the hood and the rest of the suit are attached. And they re-positioned a zipper from the front to the back of the suit. They reconfigured the zipper with pull tabs that allow the wearer to unzip easily, so the suit essentially peels away.
As a result, “when you want to remove the garment, the zipper opens so the doffing process goes from 20 steps down to five or six and goes from minutes and minutes down to a few seconds,” he said.
“You don’t need a buddy to help you. You don’t have to touch the hood or grab around your face. It’s quick and a lot safer,” said Yazdi.
Johns Hopkins University Center for Bioengineering Innovation & Design and Jhpiego
 
The prototype also uses a large clear visor in the hood, making it easier for front-line workers to see.
Front-line workers need to be protected from the contagious body fluids of Ebola patients, during treatment and while removing a soiled suit. The suit material prevents fluid from penetrating, but it also means the person’s body heat has nowhere to escape. Clinics and treatment centers in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea have no air-conditioning. Working in the region’s extreme heat and humidity, healthcare personnel often describe taking off their boots and pouring out the accumulated sweat.
To keep workers cool, the prototype uses a belt-worn battery pack, about the size of a runner’s fanny pack. It blows dry, filtered air into the hood. It doesn’t have to be cool air, Yazdi said (that would have cost more and been more complicated). But just having dry air helps sweat evaporate from the skin, which helps cooling. The battery can be recharged with a cellphone charger.
The team simulated the heat and humidity in a room that was about 98 degrees and 85 percent humidity. Wearing a regular protective suit, Yazdi felt like he was going to collapse within minutes. Using the cool-air technology, he was fairly comfortable, he said.
Field testing is the next phase, which will be done by Jhpiego, while the team and U.S. officials talk to manufacturers. Wendy Taylor, who is overseeing the Ebola global competition at USAID, said some of the design innovations in the Hopkins prototype, such as location and reconfiguration of the zipper and adding pull tabs, shouldn’t be very hard to do.
“Manufacturers are actively involved in the massive response as part of this particular outbreak,” she said. “We have real interest…We’re looking at how we can fast-track the easy stuff.”
The Hopkins protective suit was among three winning innovations that will share about $1.7 million, U.S. officials said. How the funds will be divided has yet to be worked out. The winners, announced Friday, will undergo intensive testing to prepare for production and field use. The other two innovations are an antiseptic gel applied to the skin that provides up to six hours of protection against pathogens, by Aquarius GEP and Innovative BioDefense; and a long-lasting spray that kills and repels microbes to prevent surface contamination, by SPR Advanced Technologies.
 

Rizzo disappointed by Harpers absenceBy James Wagner December 13, 2014 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Bryce Harper. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig)
NatsFest is the annual winter event meant to drum up excitement for the upcoming season. Fans buy tickets to see their favorite players and receive autographs. But this Saturday’s event featured one notable absence: Bryce Harper, arguably the most visible public face of the team.
The event, however, came at an unfortunate time. Harper and the Nationals are scheduled for an arbitration grievance hearing on Tuesday in New York . Three days before that potential hearing, Harper did not come to NatsFest at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center and General Manager Mike Rizzo took issue with that.
“We’re disappointed he’s not here,” Rizzo said, “but he chose not to be here because of the grievance.”
Those are strong words from the head of the Nationals’ front office. Earlier in the week, Rizzo acknowledged that the Nationals wanted to avoid a grievance hearing with Harper, who is represented by agent Scott Boras, because of the animosity it could create. Rizzo, however, wasn’t happy that Harper didn’t attend the fan event.
“I have attended NatsFest each year and always enjoy my experience with the fans, but was unable to attend this year’s event due to matters out of my control,” Harper said through his representatives. “I look forward to next year’s NatsFest.”
The dispute dates back to the day Harper signed with the Nationals. He has logged enough service time to qualify for arbitration as a “Super 2,” a player who ranks in the top 22 percent of players with between two and three years of service time. But Harper’s five-year major league draft contract, signed at the last minute before the deadline in August 2010, muddles whether he can become eligible for arbitration. Nearly all major league draft contracts used to include an opt-out clause that allowed players to enter the arbitration process rather than take the salary prescribed in their draft deal. But that is no longer allowed.
Given the choice, Harper would opt out of the deal and into arbitration. His draft deal stipulates he will earn $1.5 million in base salary in 2015. In arbitration, Harper is projected to make around $2.5 million.
The Nationals contend that an opt-out clause was not included in Harper’s contract and was agreed upon. Boras claims the Nationals orally agreed to include the clause at the midnight deadline in 2010. The difference in 2015 salary may  be a $1 million but, in arbitration, salaries compound each year and many more millions could be at stake.
Denard Span wasn’t at NatsFest but he underwent sports hernia surgery last week. Jayson Werth was at NatsFest but wasn’t made available to reporters like the rest of the players. Rizzo said he made that choice.
“Werth is here and he’s going to be all over the place,” Rizzo said. “We’ve got a lot of things scheduled for him … He’s going to be around and visit with the fans and I think that’s the important part of what he should be doing.”

Hinduja group buys iconic London building Old War OfficeHinduja group buys iconic London building Old War Office
Out of my mind: The idea ofPakistanWritten by Meghnad Desai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:09 am
Hafiz Saeed has just said that Pakistan was set up to be an Islamic state which would implement sharia. He is impatient with the existing order which refuses to make Pakistan an Islamist state. Imran Khan is unhappy with the system for different reasons, but even he wishes Pakistan was different.
On the anniversary of the defeat of the Pakistan army in the war to liberate Bangladesh, it may be worth remembering what Pakistan was meant to be. It may also tell us how nations can ruin themselves. More than anything else, it shows how nations construct their narratives of nationhood, which reveal deep flaws in their history.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah was an active member of the Congress. He was a liberal constitutionalist in the tradition of Gopal Krishna Gokhale and he also defended Bal Gangadhar Tilak in court. He was hailed as an ambassador of Hindu-Muslim unity at the Lucknow meeting of the Congress in 1916. He got disenchanted with Gandhi’s launch of the Khilafat movement. He did not support the retention of the Khilafat just as Mustafa Kemal Atatürk. He was a modernist first and a Muslim second. He left politics and went back to London to practise as a barrister.
It was during this period that he developed his idea of nationhood. Across Europe, new nations had been born — Hungary, Poland, Czechoslovakia. These were homogenous communities in terms of a single language and a shared ethnicity. Nations, in this way of thinking, have to share some common characteristics. For the new European nations, it was a common language and a shared history.
Jinnah leveraged the idea of a nation but based it on religion. He wanted some safeguards for a minority faced with the prospect of living in a democracy based on adult franchise after the British left. He instead got a separate nation state, albeit a moth-eaten one.
Jinnah’s Pakistan was not a theocratic state. He was not religious and did not care for the ideology of Islam. The devout Muslims of Deoband and other seminaries were against the very idea of a Muslim state as it was contrary to the Quran. Jinnah wanted a liberal constitutional state with a Muslim majority.
Once he died, the idea of Pakistan as a nation began to fall apart. The majority of Muslims in British India did not live in what became Pakistan. They did not share the language or culture of the Punjabis, Pathans and Sindhis of West Pakistan. The latter did not regard the Bengali-speaking Muslims as their brothers and sisters.
Pakistan broke up into two in 1971. Even so, its problems have not yet ended. As a nation, it has lurched between democracy and dictatorship. There is no single narrative to combine the four separate regions into one nation. It has lacked a leadership continued…

Starry  Starry NightFish tales Meen moilee or fish curry served with appam is part of the traditional Christmas meal for Syrian Christian families in Kerala. (Source: Image from Amreli, hotel diplomat)
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:05 am
By: Darlie Koshy
The year: 1962. The place:  A forlorn village with paddy fields, jackfruit trees and tapioca plants in Kerala. During Advent, the days preceding Christmas, we would avoid milk products and meats at home — I still remember the smell of black coffee and fresh banana chips. At night, it would be pitch dark for there were no street lights, but the midnight Mass procession would be bright and cheery with long-tailed, bamboo-framed, star-shaped lanterns carried by moustachioed youngsters, their dhotis and lungis folded at midriff. The carols were rehearsed in the tiny church foyer, with only drum beats as the background score. Children like me (I was about seven years old then) would form the inner circle around the long bamboo pole on which the biggest star-lantern hung. The tune of the farewell song still plays in my ears, but I can’t remember the words anymore.
On Christmas day, my grandmother would make vattayappam (steamed rice cakes) — a dish usually made on Maundy Thursday, falling before Easter — and top it with raisins. Dressed in her mundu, which was draped in such a way that she had hidden pockets in its folds, she would pull out boiled plantains. As she would bend down to serve us goodies, I would often wonder, in that moment, if her big, heavy gold loops would split her earlobe and fall on the table. I once hid a piece or two of my favourite jaggery halwa under my pillow to eat it next morning too, but woke up amidst the guffaws of other children, as the ants had let out my secret.
The years: 1985-1996. The place:  The riverside house of my wife in Kumarakom. The huge, real Christmas tree was lit up with serial lights, even as children danced to the tunes of Jingle bells being played on the tape recorder and lit candles atop turtles (animal lovers pardon!) that strayed from the nearby river.
My mother-in-law would make meen moilee (fish curry) using fresh karimeen (pearl spot fish) and curry leaves, and serve it with appam. Her duck curry has, till date, remained an unparalleled speciality. I also loved boiled duck eggs that went well with appam and coffee.
The years: 2000-2008. The place:  The beautiful campus of the National Institute of Design (NID) on the banks of the Sabarmati river in Ahmedabad. Branches of the huge casuarina tree and the finely cut bushes were lit up and decorated, and the carol troupe belted out perfectly-rehearsed English and Hindi songs.
Christmas at NID was a very different and a month-long elaborate affair. Since convocation happened in December, there were several dinners and celebrations. Coffee and cakes were served on the lawns, and students had special Gujarati food served in the hostel.
The present: our home on the continued…

Little headway in UN push for Palestinian resolutionLittle headway in UN push for Palestinian resolution
Owner  worker killed in house wallcollapseBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:43 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 1:44 am
Two persons were killed and two injured after a wall of an under-construction house collapsed in Northeast Delhi’s Sonia Vihar Saturday evening.
Police said the wall collapsed on three labourers and the owner of the house, Sumita Bilwal, 40, around 4 pm on Saturday. Local residents who heard the sound of the crash made calls to police and fire services and rushed in to help.
“Sumita, a school teacher, and Vijay, a labourer from Bihar, were rushed to Deen Dayal Upadhayay hospital but were declared brought dead. One labourer suffered serious injuries on his head and right leg while another sustained minor injuries. We are trying to contact Vijay’s family,” a senior police officer said.
Police have registered a case under Section 304 IPC (negligence) against unknown persons. An investigation is on.
Sumita had got her 15-year-old house torn down a month ago and hired a local contractor to rebuild it. The family was in the meantime living in a relative’s house nearby. Police said three labourers were working on a 50 sq yard plot where the house was meant to come up. Sumita used to occasionally come over to supervise the progress, her husband Nanda Ballebh Bilwal said.
Bilwal, who runs a shop at Kashmere Gate ISBT, said, “We decided to get the house rebuilt because of the wear and tear that had set in. The drains were clogged and the walls had become weak. My wife was supervising the reconstruction.”
He said the labourers had dismantled three walls but left one wall, the rear one, standing. “That must have weakened the standing wall so much that it collapsed today.”
We decided to get the house rebuilt as wear and tear had set in. Labourers razed three walls but left one standing, which made it weak: Nanda Ballebh Bilwal, Sumita’s husband

Flip side: NobelintentionsWritten by Dilip Bobb |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:42 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 1:53 am
The Nobel Prize Committee is getting increasingly political, as witnessed by their decision to award the 2014 Peace Prize jointly to an Indian and a Pakistani. In fact politics has led to so many deserving candidates emerging from emerging economies like India that it is time we instituted an Indian Noble Prize to be awarded in a range of categories. Here are the nominees and categories.
Science and technology: BJP MP Ramesh Pokhriyal for his theory that the Hindu sage Kanad had, many centuries ago, conducted a nuclear test. It means that Robert Oppenheimer and Homi Bhabha are removed from the history books and the latter’s family has to return his Padma Bhushan. Pokhriyal also declared that the sciences have been dwarfed by our ancient astrologers and that astrology is the No. 1 science for the entire world. Adding to the dwarfed analogy, he added, “Science is a pygmy compared to astrology.” Maybe he can be considered for a Nobel in anthropology as well.
Illustration: C R Sasikumar.
Literature: External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj for her demand that the Gita be made the national book. Her logic: Since Prime Minister Narendra Modi gifted the Bhagawad Gita to US President Barack Obama, it has already received the honour of a national scripture. By that reasoning, if Modi were to gift some other leader jalebis, would that then become the national sweet? It would play havoc with everyone’s constitution. In fact, to suggest that a religious scripture become the national book is to display contempt for the Indian Constitution.
Education: Dinanath Batra for producing textbooks in Gujarat schools which are compulsory reading. He seems, of course, to suffer from compulsive obsessive disorder — obsessed as he is with denying foreigners any credit for achievements and attributing them to Indians. His textbook says that the motor car was invented during the Vedic period, as the Anashva Rath, which would make Henry Ford, Herr Daimler and Herr Benz take a back seat. Batra also teaches that television was invented during the Mahabharata period. His logic is that in the Mahabharata, Sanjaya, sitting inside a palace in Hastinapur, used his divya shakti to apparently provide a live telecast of the battle to blind king Dhritarashtra. Clearly a case of the blind leading the blind.
Medicine: Narendra Modi, for first educating us that plastic surgery and stem cell therapy existed and were in use thousands of years ago in ancient India. He pointed out that Ganesha’s elephant head became attached to a human body. “We worship Lord Ganesha. There must have been some plastic surgeon at that time who got an continued…

Fifth column: Stop HindutvanowWritten by Tavleen Singh |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:33 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 1:39 am
Why is the Prime Minister allowing the RSS to steal his mandate? I ask this question wherever I go these days and frankly I have no answer.
When Leftist political pundits harangue me with charges that it was the RSS that helped Narendra Modi become prime minister, I tell them that they do not know what they are talking about. Leftists are usually allergic to dust, heat, poverty and the real India and so rarely travel during election campaigns. This made them miss the fact that last summer’s general election was not about Hindutva. Anywhere. It was about change and development. Without Modi, the BJP could not have won half the seats they did. Besides, if the RSS could help it win elections, what went wrong the last two times?
Yet there exists today the bizarre situation in which our strongest prime minister in decades is allowing Hindu fanatics in the Lok Sabha and Hindu fanatical organisations outside to blacken his image. The MPs who have been most offensive wear saffron robes signifying asceticism and renunciation. So what they are doing in Parliament instead of in some Himalayan cave is a valid question. But since they have found their way into the Lok Sabha, why is the Prime Minister not publicly rebuking them for dragging Hindutva into his mandate in the ugliest way? We barely recovered from that Sadhvi calling all Muslims ‘bastards’ when her brother in saffron pronounced that Nathuram Godse was a patriot. Both these MPs expressed regret when their remarks caused a public furore, but it is not possible to ever apologise for such things.
If we need proof that these fanatics have RSS approval, it is evident in the zeal with which the BJP’s ‘alma mater’ is trying to convert Muslims and Christians ‘back’ to Hinduism. The Sanatana Dharma does not permit proselytisation. But try telling that to those loonies rampaging about the derelict, desperately poor shanties of Uttar Pradesh trying to bring Muslims and Christians ‘home’.
Of course these fanatics harmed the people they are trying to reconvert, but much more than this is the harm they have done Modi and his government. Just as he was beginning to bask in the luminous glow of international approval and domestic election victories, he is now in danger of losing all his support. His votes did not come for Hindutva reasons. I say this with certainty. During the election campaign, wherever I went, I asked if Hindutva and the Ram temple were issues any more. And not even in the dusty halls of Banaras Hindu University did I meet anyone who believed these were issues in the 2014 election.
Everywhere I went, people said that they were drawn to Modi because of his continued…

Saving the northern whiterhinoBy: Associated Press |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:18 am
The task was never going to be easy: Fly four highly-endangered rhinos from a Czech Republic zoo to East Africa, drive them to the savannah grasses of Mount Kenya and hope that the natural environment helps produce a calf, staving off extinction.
The experiment has all but failed. The keepers of three northern white rhinos in Kenya — half of the world’s remaining rhinos of that species — have begun saying publicly that their one male and two female rhinos will certainly not reproduce naturally.
The silver lining, though, is science. Efforts will now be made to keep the species alive through in vitro fertilisation, and possibly by working with the rhinos’ genetic material in a budding field known as de-extinction.
“We always knew from the very beginning that the chances of this working were small even if they bred,” said Richard Vigne, chief executive of the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya, where the rhinos have lived since December 2009.
The conservancy said in a statement recently that artificial reproductive techniques “could provide the last chance of survival for the world’s most endangered mammal”.
Some animal experts at the time said the effort was too little, too late, and that the experiment’s budget could have been better spent on other conservation projects. But the bulk of the more than $100,000 effort came from a donor — Alastair Lucas, then the vice chairman of Goldman Sachs in Australia.
“The fact they haven’t bred is a massive disappointment, but there are new technologies being invented all the time to rescue technically extinct species,” Vigne said.
One of the two male rhinos transferred to Ol Pejeta died of an unknown cause earlier this year. Veterinarians who examined the remaining three last month determined that the male’s sperm count is very low and that the two females either cannot get pregnant or can’t carry a pregnancy to term.
The loss of the last six northern white rhinos does not signal the end of the rhino. Southern white and black rhinos still exist in bigger numbers. But southern white rhinos cannot live in central Africa.
Ol Pejeta sits on a high-elevation plain in view of Mount Kenya’s slow and ominous rise. The conservancy has 104 black rhinos and 26 whites — mostly of the southern variety. Because of increasing demand for rhino horn in Vietnam — a phenomenon that has resulted in more than 3,000 rhinos killed by poachers in South Africa since 2010 — the animals must be closely guarded.
The northern white rhino is a major mammalian species that is “probably or potentially” going to become extinct in the coming years, Vigne said, notwithstanding new reproductive technology.
“And to me that’s a real indictment of the human race,” he said. “We’re all responsible for it, and to stand by and watch it happen … I think would have been horribly wrong.”

What if whites were theminorityBy: New York Times |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:17 am
In the responses to my “When whites just don’t get it” series, I’ve been struck by the lack of empathy some whites show for members of minority groups. So imagine if the world were reversed. “The talk” might go like this:
“Son, sit down. You’re 13, old enough to have a conversation that I’ve been dreading.”
“Oh, come on, Dad. I hope this isn’t about the birds and the bees.”
“Nope. That’d be easy. Have you seen the video of the white horticulturalist being choked to death by police?”
“All the kids have seen it. He says he can’t breathe, and black cops still kill him. (Expletive!)”
“Don’t curse. It is wrong, but it’s the way the world works. And that’s why Mom and I are scared for you. With us whites in the minority, some cops are just going to see you as a threat no matter what. You’re going to get stopped by black cops, and I want you to promise you’ll never run or mouth off. Mom and I can’t protect you out there, and white kids are 21 times as likely as black kids to be shot dead by police. So even when a cop curses you, I want you to call him sir.”
“Anybody curses me, he won’t get away with it.”
“Yes, he will. And if he shoots you, he might get away with it, too. Especially when you keep wearing clothes all the other white boys wear like those polo shirts. Black cops see you in them and suspect trouble. Black folks make the rules, and we have to live by them. Like it or not.”
“(Expletive!) Racists!”
“Hey! I told you not to curse. And don’t hold it against all blacks. Lots have joined with whites in protesting these killings. And even for those who are unsympathetic, most aren’t evil, just clueless.”
“C’mon, Dad. When a 12-year-old white kid is shot dead because he’s holding a toy gun, when a white woman professor is thrown to the ground for jaywalking, when cops smash a car window to Taser a white guy in front of kids, that’s not cluelessness. That’s evil. White lives matter.”
“It’s complicated. Remember when you were suspended in the fourth grade for being disruptive?”
“That was ridiculous.”
“Yup. White kids get suspended when black kids don’t. That’s just the way it is. But the black vice principal who suspended you — he’s the same guy who enthusiastically organises White History Month each year. Intellectually, he believes  in civil rights. But he kicks out white kids for the same reason doctors give less pain medication to white patients. Same reason that in experiments a résumé that is continued…

PM s plan to change Varanasi into Kyoto-style city: People both hopeful & apprehensive(If a Smart Varanasi encompasses…)
By Prerna Katiyar
VARANASI: It is 5:30 in the morning and, even as most of India has still to wake up, one part of an ancient city is bustling. People are offering prayers on the ghats of the river, a few are chanting Har Har Mahadev, others are bathing either themselves or their buffaloes, and still others are loudly discussing the inevitable — politics and the actions of their first-time MP, who is also the country's prime minister.
There's chaos of the controlled kind on the ghats of Varanasi as the early morning light skims across the surface of the Ganga. Two hundred days after Narendra Modi was sworn in as prime minister and 210 days after he was declared winner from Varanasi by a handsome margin of 3.37 lakh votes, the city's MP and the country's PM is still the tittle-tattle of the temple town. "The city, languishing in its past glory, has seen an awakening of sorts in the last six months. Work looks to be in progress in our city," says Narendra Singh, a small-time businessman, after offering prayers at the colourful Dashashwamedh Ghat.
If you're looking for a counter view, there are plenty lurking in the 80-odd ghats that lead up to the river. "Chavanni ka kaam nahi hua hai [not an iota of work has been done]," rues Yashpal Yadav, a resident of Ardali Bazar, pointing to a gali with a mound of garbage "The good areas are getting better and the bad are turning worse."
"Real Varanasi lives in the galis and bylanes while work initiated by the Modi government is happening in the VIP areas to make them now VVIP localities — we don't know if Modi is aware of the ground realities," adds a resident of Sanjay Gandhi colony, wishing to remain unnamed.
Mega Plans
In end-August, Modi, within hours of landing in Osaka in Japan, was witness to the signing of an agreement with his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe to transform Varanasi into a Kyoto-style smart city. Like Varanasi, Kyoto, which is called the city of 10,000 shrines, is a place of pilgrimage — and also has a river flowing through.
The promise of wide and clean roads and modern infrastructure — think high-speed rail networks and navigable waterways — on the lines of Kyoto contrasts sharply with Varanasi's filthy galis, polluted river and rickety ghats. Add to that overflowing sewage drains, power cuts, traffic jams and water shortage, and you wonder: do the people of Varanasi see hope for an ugly-duckling-toswan-queen like metamorphosis?
The answer from Ajay Rai of the Congress, who contested unsuccessfully from the constituency, is predictable. "People of Varanasi had a lot of expectations from Modi but unfortunately it is all talk and no action. There isn't much ground work happening in the city," he declares. "Kashi and Kashi vasi (citizens) will never like the idea of transforming the city into some other world city like Kyoto."
So, along with difficulty in grasping the sheer scale and ambition of the smart city initiative, there's also a fear among the local community of the makeover erasing Varanasi's timeworn character. As Gopal Seth, a shopkeeper in Chetganj, wonders: "What will we do with a new Varanasi if we lose our own identity?" "Our needs are pretty basic," adds Saroj Singh, a resident of Chowka Ghat. "Give us power, good roads and our basic necessities, and we don't care for any talk of a smart city or the Kyoto model."
Even for good electricity connection and roads, Varanasi needs a makeover, and mayor Ram Gopal Mohale points to projects like a solid waste treatment plant, multi-level parkings at Beniya Bagh, Bisheshwarganj and Lahurabir that if completed will make life easier for citizens. The operative word here of course is 'if'. The mayor sees the Samajwadi Partyruled state government as an impediment. "A lot of projects are in the pipeline to improve the basic amenities of the city but we aren't getting enough support from the state government," says Mohale.
The good news, though, is that Modi's initiatives — some nationwide and others aimed squarely at Varanasi — are breeding a sense of hope amongst the people. Says a local photojournalist who this writer bumped into on Lahurabir Square: "People now have a sense of ownership. They are not ashamed to step out in the open with brooms in their hand and become part of the Swachh Bharat mission to do something that till yesterday they were doing only in their respective houses."
Of course, not all journos in Varanasi speak in the same voice. "All this talk of Swachh Bharat and working with the brooms is an eye wash," says another. "The other day, when the Prime Minister had launched the mission, a bunch of advocates almost snatched the brooms from the safai karamcharis for a 'photo-op' after which they literally threw the brooms back to the workers."

New deadline for Metro: March 2017railway
First leg to be up and running in 3 months
As the first stretch of Chennai Metro, running overhead, gets set to go on track by March 2015, it will be two more years before the entire 45-km stretch becomes operational.
Trial runs for the first underground stretch from Koyambedu to Egmore will begin by June 2015 and it is set to be operational by December 2015, say officials of Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL).
Around the same time, two more stretches will be commissioned — Little Mount to Airport and Alandur to St. Thomas Mount.
Tunnelling the entire underground section of about 24 km will be completed by August 2015. “While the tunnelling may be over by this time, it will take many more months to complete the remaining work on the underground alignment. So, it will be March 2017 by the time the entire 45 km network becomes operational,” says a CMRL official.
But some say, it will be mid-2016 by the time the entire underground section is tunnelled.
Meanwhile, CMRL has received sanction for the construction of phase-I extension — from Washermenpet to Wimco Nagar — at a cost of about Rs. 3,000 crore.
Also, the State has announced its plan to go ahead with phase-II of the Chennai Metro project that covers 76 km of the city. Officials are working on a detailed project report for phase II.

Russia threatens response if US sets new sanctionsRussia threatens response if US sets new sanctions
Warner  Dhawan and Kohli fined for breaching code of conductWarner  Dhawan and Kohli fined for breaching code of conduct
UK airspace manager calls glitch unprecedentedUK airspace manager calls glitch unprecedented
Read and learn when not to tradeCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Mptiwari is a 2rs person god will punish him for what he doesPlatinum Member
141 Followers
Give your call here dear f you feel so smart to make profit , use your mind and act if you feel my call good for you. I have never told to act with blind eye.
In reply to : Soutrik message
2.48 PM Dec 14th 2014

Chandraji  are you suggesting that if the result was different  dhoni ...505 Followers
hope you really enjoyed it well back then.
The match has taken a very interesting turn. Now it is like a fifty over match. Very soon we will see it as a 20-20 with a very meager target of 100 or so. Going by the progress, India has a bright chance of winning this test. VK, NOT YOU, VK is a lucky and gutsy soul. The captain to win the first test as captain.
MSD believes in keeping the winning combination in tact.
1. So will he step in to the 2nd test and spoil the mood?
2. Will we lose the series under MSD after winning the first VK ?
3. Will Ravi Shastry prevail over MSD`s entry or otherwise ? Duncan Fletcher and MSD combination.... oh no... not again. Sorry MSD... we have nothing against you, but you got to be more aggressive in tests.
In reply to : VijayKrishnan message
10.53 AM Dec 13th 2014

Kaveri seed is a quality growth-oriented company and expected to do we...Platinum Member
19 Followers
Kaveri Seed is a quality growth-oriented company and expected to do well over time. But about forecast on specific targets read this:
Economist Alfred Cowles dug through forecasts of a popular analyst who "had gained a reputation for successful forecasting" made in The Wall Street Journal in the early 1900s. Among 90 predictions made over a 30-year period, exactly 45 were right and 45 were wrong. This is more common than you think.
In reply to : message

In Response to Putin s New Cold War  the West Must Be Warm to the Russian Peoplereddit
Russian former oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky was arrested in 2003 after criticizing President Vladimir Putin and spent 11 years in prison. In recent months, he has re-emerged in the public as a leader in a renewed opposition aimed at replacing Putin and bringing democracy to Russia.
European security today is facing its most serious challenge since the end of World War II. In essence, Russia's open annexation of Crimea and its barely concealed annexation of part of Ukraine are marking the end of the post-World War II world order.
War cannot be a way of resolving territorial disputes in Europe. It is a matter of principle -- not of the fairness of the situation.
The Russian government has once again opened up Pandora's box and unleashed a threat that has already laid waste to the European continent many times before. Moreover, when it comes to the question of territorial claims, Russia is actually more vulnerable than other countries, not less.
The Kremlin leadership's goal is far from geopolitical. It merely wants to return to a foreign policy comfort zone in which no external factors can be a threat to the regime's existence.
The extent of the Kremlin regime's hopes is a return to the Helsinki Accords, only without the third package concerning human rights. This is an attempt to affect an overhaul of European history not from the moment of the fall of the Berlin Wall, but 15 years further back -- an attempt to make adjustments to the policy of "detente." The Kremlin wants to return to the policy of peaceful coexistence with total non-interference in its "internal affairs." It expects recognition of the Kremlin's right to do anything it wants in what it considers to be its "zone of influence."
As old-fashioned as this doctrine may seem, it represents a serious danger for Europe. Russia remains a country with a colossal military potential, sufficient to destroy all of humanity many times over. In case anybody has forgotten about this, the Kremlin is ready to remind us today. This huge military potential, which is doubtless going to continue to exist for a long time yet, has proven to be under the control of people with an extremely low level of political and moral accountability. A quick and easy way out of the situation that has emerged therefore does not exist.
Despite the obvious wrongfulness of the aggression perpetrated against Ukraine, Europe is going to have to look for a compromise in relations with the Kremlin regime because the alternative to compromise is global war. This is an objective reality that cannot simply be brushed aside. But, as a famous 20th century Russian political figure once said, there are compromises and then there are compromises. A policy of "appeasing the Kremlin" is a path that will lead to a big war far more quickly than it seems to many European politicians and businessmen who are disposed to conformism.
COUNTING ON THE DEMISE OF EUROPE
In the Kremlin and around the Kremlin today, there are more and more people who are candidly counting on a rapid "demise of Europe" in consequence of a full-scale political and economic crisis. They are seriously hoping that, for example, Great Britain's withdrawal from the E.U. or the default of one of the Schengen Treaty countries will lead to the collapse of the eurozone and to the appearance in Europe of acute contradictions along North/South and East/West fault lines. In this case, every effort will be made to make sure that the dividing line of the political watershed will pass not along the course of the Northern Donets, but once again along the Vistula and the Oder.
The hawks in the Kremlin are not simply waiting for a crisis to happen in Europe. They are prepared to actively contribute to its appearance, notwithstanding even the fact that the new world global economic crisis would be deadly for the Russian economy. Nevertheless, there is a great likelihood that the Kremlin is going to be shaking Europe to the best of its abilities.
Strange as it may seem, inside-out Trotskyite ideas about permanent revolution are popular in Russia once again -- only now with an ultra-right, nationalistic tinge. They dream of creating a new international ultra-right, which would unite all the reactionary and anti-liberal forces of Europe.
"The hawks in the Kremlin are not simply waiting for a crisis to happen in Europe. They are prepared to actively contribute to its appearance."
Truth be told, Putin has already begun to wage a "big psychological war" against Europe, increasing his propaganda and agent-of-corruption influence here. To curb such expansion will demand of Europe a serious mobilization of forces. This is a new cold war, and it is not something that will go away in one year.
The struggle that has now unfolded in the Ukraine is not about territories or about Russia's interests at all. It is about the interests of a group of people who have seized power in Russia. This is a struggle for and against the principles of a rule-of-law state, for and against freedoms, for and against human rights, for and against European values.
SUPPORT SOBER BUREAUCRATS & THE OPPOSITION
Is there hope of being able to effectively deal with this threat? There is, and it stems from the very nature of the Russian bureaucracy, which is generally rational and apolitical. There are many people in the Russian establishment who are sober-minded, think rationally and, on the whole, are oriented towards European values. But today these people are being forced to submit to a political will that has been formulated by a criminally corrupt minority whose only goal is to hold on to power. The majority of the Russian elite understands perfectly well that the Kremlin's course today is leading the country to catastrophe. This majority is the restraining premise that must not allow Russia -- and the whole world along with it -- to slide into the abyss.
"There are many people in the Russian establishment who are sober-minded, think rationally and, on the whole, are oriented towards European values."
Today, Russia's neo-totalitarian regime has left no place for anyone who thinks differently. Confusion reigns in the Russian opposition because mechanisms to legitimately come to power do not currently exist. However, the current goal of the opposition in Russia consists not of coming to power -- such a goal is unattainable for now -- but of serving as a restraining factor for the reactionary forces that are prodding the Kremlin and could lead to global confrontation. How balanced the Kremlin's domestic and foreign policy will be depends in large part on how big and how organized the opposition is -- on how principled a position it will be able to take. Today, the opposition in Russia is fighting not only for Russia but for all of Europe. It is precisely for this reason that its efforts deserve to have serious support.
DON'T PUSH RUSSIANS AWAY FROM EUROPE
What then can real Russian patriots who do not agree with the "Putin doctrine" realistically expect from Europe?
It would be desirable if Europe's policy was:
a) intelligent
b) honest
c) differentiated.
When I say that Europe's policy has got to be intelligent, I mean, first and foremost, realism in understanding the fact that Russia and Putin are not one and the same thing. That is, sooner or later, Putin will be gone but Russia will remain and is going to have to find a place in greater Europe. Perhaps the phenomenon of Putin actually emerged precisely because this place was not determined quite the way it should have been after the fall of the Berlin wall. The question needs to be broken up into two parts: Russia and Europe -- that is one thing; Putin and Europe -- that is something else.
"Inside-out Trotskyite ideas about permanent revolution are popular in Russia once again -- only now with an ultra-right, nationalistic tinge."
When I say that the policy has to be honest, I am urging that we not resort to simplifications, painting life in Russia in black-and-white colors, in a caricature style. I am likewise urging that double standards not be applied in relation to events taking place in Russia. Russia should not be forgiven for things that another would not be forgiven for; likewise, Russia should not be denounced for things that are normal for others.
When I speak of a differentiated approach, I mean, first and foremost, that sanctions need to be both intelligent and honest.
SANCTIONS: A BIG POLITICAL MISTAKE
My friends, who also oppose Putin's regime, convince me not to speak against sanctions because they believe that this is what restrains the aggressive behavior of the Kremlin today. I agree with this but I consider the application of sanctions against Russia as a country to be a big political mistake. The logic that -- "If life gets worse for the Russian people after sanctions, they will understand more quickly just what bad rulers they have" -- is absolutely senseless.
"The Russian people must not be pushed away from Europe."
The Russian people must not be pushed away from Europe. But it is necessary to be much tougher in everything that concerns targeted sanctions aimed against corrupt officials, law enforcers and their business partners. Yet very little is being done now in this area. Accordingly, three important measures must be taken:
1) Cultural, scientific and educational exchange between Russia and Europe must protected and promoted.
It does not matter what noble motives may be guiding those who are proposing restrictions and prohibitions in the fields of culture, education or science. Cultural ties between Russia and Europe must be protected. And Putin supporters like the singer Joseph Kobzon have the right to participate in them too, by the way. Let him re-educate himself by looking at Europe.
We need to promote the growth of scholarly and cultural exchanges, especially among the new generation. This is the guarantee of the future victory of the European choice.
2) Within Europe, the Russian opposition needs to be protected from persecution and Russian political manhunts.
As the world discusses sanctions, Putin is welcoming the head of Interpol in the Kremlin and, in essence, thanking him for assisting in the struggle against the opposition. Corrupt officials, barely concealing that they are agents of the secret police, use stolen money to hire the best European lawyers to attack human rights advocates.
European courts matter-of-factly agree to hear falsified decisions of Russian courts that are merely the sword of a repressive system. This takes place even when other courts of European countries have already spoken, for example, with respect to a question of extradition.
3) Within Europe, there needs to be a wall up against the Kremlin regime's corrupt activity .
It is unacceptable when the rulers of a de facto totalitarian state practically openly finance their supporters here, in Europe, with money stolen from our people. This not only undermines unity, it also creates the wrong impression of Europe in the eyes of the Russian liberal opposition. If everything can be bought, then where are the ideals for the sake of which we are wasting our lives?
I know today's regime is not eternal. It probably has no more than 10 years left -- maybe much less. How much damage it can cause in this time and what will come after it depends on our joint efforts.
Khodorkovsky delivered these remarks (abridged by The WorldPost) to the European Union on Dec. 2.
Close

Hindutva group seeks donations for Aligarh  conversion campUpdated: December 13, 2014 10:57 IST
Hindutva group seeks donations for Aligarh 'conversion camp'
Mohammad Ali
Photo shows copy of the pamphlet ciruclated by Hinduta group Dharam Jagaran Samiti seeking donations to organise the December 25 "conversion camp" in Aligarh.
TOPICS
conversion
Undated pamphlets of Dharam Jagaran Samiti seeks a donation of Rs. 5 lakh for converting a Muslim and Rs. 2 lakh for the "ghar vapsi" of a Christian.
Ahead of its plans to organise the "biggest ever conversion camp" in Aligarh on December 25, Dharam Jagaran Samiti, a western U.P.-based Hindutva group, on Thursday sought donations to organise the camp.
The undated letters and pamphlets, addressed by Rajeshwar Singh who claimed that conversion is a "costly" affair, have found their way to people's homes in Aligarh.
The letter seeks a donation of Rs. 5 lakh for converting a Muslim and Rs. 2 lakh for the “ghar vapsi” of a Christian.
"Ghar vapsi is a costly affair because there are lots of expenses involved. The money comes from society and people indeed give money for the purpose. But when it's done at a large scale, then more and more volunteers will have to be deployed to raise fund and organise camps," Mr. Singh said in the letter.
" About Rs. 5 lakh is spent on the Ghar vapsi of a Muslim and Rs. 2 lakh for that of a Christian, when a volunteer works for the purpose in a year. That is why I request you to donate money and bear expenses of at least one programme," he requested in the letter.
In an effort to establish his credentials, Mr. Singh also claimed that about 40,000 people, including 2000 Muslims in 20 districts of western UP, have been brought under the fold of Hinduism through his 'ghar vapsi' camps. The target is to convert one lakh people, the letter claimed.
Meanwhile, a non bailable warrant was issued by an Agra court against Kishor Valmiki, the main accused in the alleged conversion case in Agra.

Paul Revere s Time Capsule Unearthed In BostonPaul Revere's Time Capsule From 1795 Unearthed In Boston
Reuters
reddit
BOSTON (Reuters) - A centuries-old time capsule buried by Paul Revere, an icon of the American Revolutionary War, was unearthed during repairs at the Massachusetts State House in Boston this week, Secretary of State William Galvin said on Friday.
The box-shaped capsule from 1795 has not yet been opened, but is believed to contain artifacts that include coins, papers and a metal plate made by the silversmith-turned-soldier, Galvin, who is also head of the state historical commission, told Reuters.
"The question is, what condition are they in?" he said.
The capsule had been placed in the cornerstone of the State House by Revere and fellow American revolutionary Sam Adams, who was then the governor of Massachusetts. It was removed on Thursday after work crews began repairing a water leak in the building.
Galvin said the box would be x-rayed over the weekend, and will be opened in subsequent days if it is determined that is possible without damaging its contents. He said it would be replaced in the corner stone in the next few months, possibly with additional items from this era.
According to Galvin, the capsule had been removed, opened, and inventoried once before, in 1855, after its original leather container deteriorated. The box is now made of copper.
Revere is best known for alerting Colonial fighters to the approach of British Forces before the battles of Lexington and Concord in 1775.
(Reporting by Richard Valdmanis; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
Also on HuffPost:

NY prepares for weekend protestsDecember 13, 2014 12:29 am
Thousands march in Washington and NY
Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e22cc200-8252-11e4-ace7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GOSF 2014: 80 lakh visits  manifold growth and first-timers  Google does it allRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Google’s Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) saw more than 80 lakh visits to the site during the three-day event, which ended on Friday night. including the promotion period, there were over 1.4 crore visits — the site was open 14 days prior to the festival. The Rs 299 corner, where products were sold forRs 299 each, accounted for 40% of all GOSF hits, Google said.
Compared with last year’s 20 lakh visitors over four days, growth was seven times, beating Google’s own expectations. The company added that it saw good traction in high-value segments like houses (500 plus units), bikes (100 plus units) and cars (50 plus units).
Praveen Sinha, co-founder and managing director of online apparel firm Jabong.com, told FE: “Even with many festivals and discounts happening round the year, GOSF is relevant and we have seen six to eight times the regular traffic during this period. Any additional sales and one more festival is always welcome. We will continue to be part of such festivals.” He added that GOSF had driven traffic and sales in no-discount sections as well.
“People from 220 cities in India participated in the festival. We saw huge consumer involvement and participation from smaller cities like Ranchi, Guntur, Hubli, Bareilly and Firozpur. A lot of first- time buyers shopped in the Rs 299 corner and some of smaller partners reported growth of 5-7 times their daily conversions,” Google said in an e-mailed statement to FE.
GOSF 2014 saw more than 450 partners participate and most merchants saw traffic and sales go up 3-5 times. Google added that a sizeable number of visitors were shopping online for the first time,  enlarging the e-commerce shopper base. The company’s  ‘#72HoursofCrazy’ campaign was trending on Twitter during the three shopping days as well as during the promotional period.
“Partners were well prepared this time to handle the surge in demand. While the whole industry got 3-5 times the orders, deliveries were very smoothly handled and were delivered next day in some instances,” Google said.
The company launched its Chromecast streaming device and Nexus 6 during the event. Electronics and apparels saw the highest engagement and sales, the company said.
“Participation in GOSF helps us create the right connect with the online shopping audience,” said Himanshu Chakrawarti, CEO, The MobileStore, an offline mobile handset retail chain.
Post Comments
More from companies

Gallup Reveals 10 Talents of Successful Entrepreneurs (Here s How to Maximize Yours)reddit
Recently, Gallup (a research-based, global performance management consulting company) identified behaviors consistently observed in highly successful entrepreneurs . Gallup studied 2,500 entrepreneurs to learn the actions and decisions that lead to business creation and growth.
What if I told you that you could achieve more success in business by improving your talents in these same areas? The reality is, you can, and the first step is practical application.
How can you get what the world's most successful entrepreneurs have? Here's how to get started:
  
1. Business Focus
 
Entrepreneurs have to make decisions every day. Some are relatively straightforward, while others are quite complex. Therein lies the entrepreneurs' dilemma - many of your choices are fundamentally "quite complex." This results in fear of not making the best possible choice . Thus, it keeps you from growing your business. When you face alternative choices, take a step back and recall your main objective. If you haven't clearly identified it, now is the time. Next, armed with information, reflect on the best course of action. Will it always be the right decision ? No. And that's okay. But indecision is the worst type of decision there is in business.
  
2. Confidence
 
On a scale of 1 to 10, how self-confident are you ? I ask because confidence is a game changer, or a deal breaker, in business. Confidence is derived from an unyielding belief in yourself and your capabilities. Stop seeking external acceptance -- validation is for parking. Recognize your own accomplishments, daily. Then become a student of people. You can't be in business, successfully, and not become curious or well-versed on people. Start by distilling wisdom on the psychology of people and persuasion. Once you understand the human condition and psyche the less fearful you will be of others and their opinions. You will become empowered.
  
3. Creative Thinker
 
For me, creativity comes from unlikely places . What drives your creative sparks? When you are genuinely focused on improving the lives of others you will find creative ways to improve your product or service. Creativity is not complex, it should be enticingly simple. But diluting ideas down to their simplest and most effective form is the hard part. So, carve out time in your week for creative breaks and focus solely on the possibilities and translate them into their simplest form.
  
4. Delegator
 
When you start a business you will wear all hats and tackle all sorts of jobs. But the goal is to work yourself out of each one of them. Start by proactively delegating tasks . In business, you cannot delegate what you don't clarify. Like most, you probably know how to do everything in your head. But in your head is not where systems and processes should be. For each operational role you fulfill, write down the steps - make it stupid simple. Then quickly brainstorm a way to hand it off, either through hiring an intern, new hires, outsourcing , or automation.
  
5. Determination
 
Entrepreneurship is all about endurance. This why you'll hear people refer to starting a business as a marathon and not a sprint. Make no mistake, at each stage in business you will face obstacles - they are necessary. You'd much rather make a $1,000 mistake than grapple with a $1 million dollar flop. Everything you go through will grow and prepare you for the next level in business. Successful entrepreneurs are solution-oriented; by necessity you must become an expert problem solver .  "Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit." (Napoleon Hill)
Follow Erica Nicole on Twitter: www.twitter.com/yfsericanicole
More:

Wealth creators: IT sector delivers big bucks  but PSUs play party spoilerEarnings growth, policy, rate cut to shape market movement in 2015
After a gap of nine years, the IT space has emerged as the largest wealth-creating sector for the five years ending 2014, shows the 19th wealth creation study by Motilal Oswal Securities.
The annual study, which lists 100 biggest and fastest wealth creators for the latest five years, showed that TCS retained its top spot for a second consecutive year as its market value expanded by R3.64 lakh crore on the back of a 51% CAGR in its price in the period.
The top-four IT companies collectively accounted for more than 22% of the R29.381 lakh crore of market value generated by the top-100 wealth creators in the last five years. The sector added R7.1 lakh crore of wealth.
With companies like HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and HDFC doing exceedingly well, the banking and financial space emerged as the second prominent contributor to the top-10 list as, collectively, they reported a R3.27-lakh-crore jump in market value in the period under review.
ITC, Sun Pharma and Tata Motors concluded the top-10 list. While, with a more than 90% CAGR price movement, Eicher Motors and Bajaj Finance led the list of the fastest wealth creators, Amara Raja Batteries, Page Industries, IndusInd Bank, Aurobindo Pharma, Havells and Ipca Labs were part of the group too.
At five, the number of PSUs on the list fell to an all-time low. The aggregate wealth creation by these companies (BPCL, Petronet LNG, Bank of Baroda, REC and J&K Bank) also fell to as low as 2% compared to a 51% growth distributed among 30 PSU companies in the five years ended 2005, indicating value migration to the private sector.
“How to turn around the PSU segment is a big challenge for the government,” said Raamdeo Agrawal, joint MD, Motilal Oswal Financial Services, who leads the annual study.
PSUs also dominated the array of top-10 wealth destroyers, with MMTC, NTPC, BHEL, SAIL and NMDC losing R1.57 lakh crore among themselves in the last five years. Reliance Communication featured on the list for the fourth consecutive year as did sister company Reliance Power, for the second year running. Utilities and capital goods, real estate and metals & mining led the list of sectors that accounted for substantial wealth erosion in the last five years of the order of R2.05 lakh crore.
Meanwhile, sharing the market outlook, the report highlighted that subject to global factors, Indian benchmarks may grow 50% over the next two years. The market-cap-to-GDP ratio for FY15 is likely to be about 77% and has a potential of 50% upside over the next two years as the m-cap heads towards a parity with the GDP.
“Acceleration in earnings growth is elusive so far, but is a must from FY16 if the current market up-move is to sustain,” noted the study.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Gullible investors trapped due to their own greed  says new CBI chief Anil SinhaCEA mixes up data, arrives at wrong demand estimate
Gullible investors get trapped in ponzi schemes because of their own “greed”, CBI chief Anil Sinha said today on the scam in which an estimated 25 lakh people have lost deposits in West Bengal and Odisha alone.
“They (investors in ponzi schemes) are not suffering because CBI is not investigating these cases. They are suffering because of other reasons,” he said.
The CBI chief was asked whether he would like a policy where the agency is allowed to take up probe cases of ponzi scam in which majority of investors come from poor and lower middle class sections rather than wait for state governments.
“If we have to fight corruption in this country, there is a fundamental requirement that we have to fight our greed. When gullible people get trapped in such schemes, they are trapped because of their own greed…If we have to fight corruption, we have to have control on ourselves,” he said at the Aaj Tak Agenda.
The 1979-batch IPS officer, who took charge of the agency on December 3, said he would not like to interfere in the work of other agencies who are mandated to probe such cases.
Sinha said all the steps taken in the case are based on the available “facts and evidence”.
“…We have to work as per mandate given to us. There should be not interference,” the CBI chief said.
The apex court had observed that more than 25 lakh claims have been received in Odisha and West Bengal which is indicative of the magnitude of scam in terms of number of citizens that were “defrauded by the ponzi companies”.
He said he has directed his officers to work without fear and total impartiality without thinking about consequences and also ensuring that “unnecessary harassment” should be avoided.
Indicating that information on investigations will not come out easily in the open, Sinha said, “I strongly believe that very little information about investigations should come in public domain. Things which should not be in public domain, should not be in public domain at all. I can understand the curiosity of people but I cannot help that. There are very few things which we can put in public domain”.
Post Comments
More from economy

Centre to sanction 3 electronic clusters each to Andhra Pradesh  TelanganaCEA mixes up data, arrives at wrong demand estimate
Union Minister Ravishankar Prasad today said the Centre would sanction three electronic clusters each for Andhra Pradesh and Telangana states.
“The government had initially sanctioned one cluster each for these two states and an additional one was in the process of approval,” the Minister of Communications and Information Technology said at the golden jubilee celebrations of the Computer Society of India here.
Prasad said during his meeting with Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu and his Telangana counterpart K Chandrasekhar Rao earlier today, both of them demanded one more cluster, which has been accepted, he said adding, “So, three such clusters each would be sanctioned for the two states.”
The minister noted that under the scheme, the Centre provides Rs 50 crore funding if the state provides 50 acres of land to set up a cluster.
Prasad also said the government is promoting all the big companies like Samsung and LG to invest in India in a big way under the ‘Make-in-India’ programme.
He said seven lakh kms of optic fibre network would be laid in the country in the next three years, compared to the ten lakh kms achieved in the last 30 years. “We hope to see a big explosion in e-commerce, e-health, (and) e-education (sectors),” he said.
According to the minister, his department has developed a portal through which pensioners, who have gone abroad need not fly back home to present their life certificates to the pension disbursing authority in November every year.
Post Comments
More from economy

India court blocks Bayer generic drug appealIndia court blocks Bayer generic drug appeal
Indian rupee seen weak vs US dollar; buy on dips: Anindya BanerjeeIndian rupee pares initial losses, down by 2p vs US dollar
Indian rupee remains an interplay of global and domestic factors. Currently, global macros and financial market themes are the dominant forces that is guiding the rupee. Domestic policymaking is more or less moving at a desired pace with Centre trying hard to build a consensus in the all-important bill on Goods and Services Taxation. Lok Sabha has passed the bill on commercial coal mining in the country and now its needs ratification of the upper house. The insurance bill is expected to sail through, which aims to provide increased foreign capital in the sector. However, disinvestment process has suffered delays and in the meantime many of the PSUs who have been flagged for disinvestment have fallen in value since the announcements. With fiscal deficit having reached nearly 90% of the budget estimate, Government of India (GOI) might find it difficult to stick to the 4.1% GFD target. As a result, we can see cut in planned expenditure, which can harm growth and or announcement of special dividend from the profit making PSUs.
We hope that GOI does not employ the statistical jugglery which the previous government did, by rolling over expenditure to next year, to stick with GFD estimates. We believe quality of fiscal deficit matter more than just quantity. At the same time disinvestment proceeds would be better used for generating quality capital assets, rather than to become a bridge towards a budget goal. It is not a prudent policy to sell family silver to pay one’s daily expenses.
Somebody who has been watching the mini carnage unfold in the broad spectrum of asset classes would not be wrong in thinking, as whether time has come for the chickens to come home and roost. Years and years of uncontrolled financial experiments from the major central banks from the developed world and also from emerging markets, to stimulate economies through the backdoor, have created, as some think, a giant liquidity feeding financial asset mania. With the oil collapsing, as if it was some marginal commodity, questions have started to be raised about the growth prospects of the world economy. Midst this carnage in asset markets, our own Rupee has lost some ground against the Euro, Pound and Yen and also dropped to a fresh 10 month low against the US Dollar.
During the early part of the week, in our research note, we had talked about the gravitational pull of collapsing petroleum prices on the risky financial assets. Over there we about the negative information feedback loop of oil on global equity and high yield debt market. Infact last year, between January and April, Gold prices had collapsed by over 20%, bewildering many as to why in the midst of a full scale QE3, have Gold fallen so much. However, as it turned out to be that from May of that year, US Dollar began a scorching rally against the EM currencies. Gold, apart from its appeal for ornamentation, is also used as a hard currency, owned by central banks, to diversify some of their fiat (paper currency) currency reserves. Gold and US Dollar, are two global currency competitors who generally move opposite to one another. Therefore, a collapse in Gold prices almost front-runned the EM currency rout against the US Dollar that unfolded in summer of last year.
Similarly, petroleum is one of the most important and widely used industrial commodity and hence it has strong linkages with global growth, and as a result, should correlate with the appetite for risk in the financial markets. With Oil prices having collapsed by nearly 50% since end June 2013 has sent a shockwave through the high yield debt market. Many of the oil exploration plays in the shale reserves of US and oil sands of Canada are financed by high yield debt or as popularly known as junk bonds. At the same time, many of these oil and gas plays have had taken financing from financial institutions. Additionally the US shale boom and Canadian oil sands boom had part financed the consumption and investment surge in those countries. Not to forget the plunge in oil revenues for OPEC and non-OPEC producers.
There are fears that some of the oil producing and natural resource nations, who do not have pretty state finances, can find it difficult to service their debt. Hence, we believe investors need to pay attention to the developing dynamic in the resource sector and its impact on the risky financial assets in general. Over the last one week, global equity markets have played in sync with plunging commodities. As a result, Yen and Euro carry trade saw some unwind pressure as well, leading to gains in the two currencies against the US Dollar and Rupee as well.
Over the past week, economic data from India has been mixed with industrial growth contracting in October but consumer inflation falling to a multi-year lows. Industrial production has contracted by 4.25% y/y in November with manufacturing leading the decline with 7.61% contraction. One can argue that due to the shutdown of telecom equipment plan of Nokia, manufacturing registered a sharp plunge. However, ex-Radio, TV and communication equipment & apparatus, which strips out effect of Nokia, we find that the IIP growth has slowed down from 7.1% in September to 2.7% in October. Infact ex-telecom, IIP growth has been trending down since July of this year. Within IIP, mining registered a growth of 5.22% and electricity production jumped by 13.3%. Over the rest of the year, we expect IIP, ex-telecom to register a rebound, though effect on Nokia can continue to haunt the headline for a couple of more months.
India’s consumer price inflation slowed sharply in November to 4.4% year over year, slowest pace since January 2012, making the case for interest rate cuts in 2015 more compelling. The current CPI is well below RBI’s short term target of 8% and medium to long term target of 6%. However, a very high base effect will begin to wane from December and as a result, CPI can show a statistical jump between December to March of next year. But with commodity prices and hard assets caught in a deflationary trend, we expect CPI to remain subdued, well anchored around the medium term target of 6%, plus minus 1%. As a result, we can see RBI take the path of monetary accommodation but the pace of cuts may be gradual and spread over many months. RBI governor has talked about the need for real rates to stay positive to stimulate saving and controlling inflationary expectation in the economy. It therefore means that he can be far more conservative than his predecessors, who allowed interest rates to fall below inflation and stay there for a considerable period of time.
In global economic data, US economy held more promise than others, as its employment survey known as JOLTS job openings, rose to the second highest level in the last 10 years, retail sales rose more than expected and also the consumer confidence ticked higher to level not seen since January 2007. In Euro zone, industrial production data disappointed and also the uptake from the second tranche of the TLTRO was lower than expected. We had expected uptake from TLTRO, or targeted LTRO from the ECB, to be better than last September but nowhere close to ECB’s expectation. Banks would not like to borrow from ECB at 15 bps and park the same with the central bank as deposit, as the rates on deposits have been reduced to negative 20 bps. Additionally, banks have less incentive to play the carry trade on sovereign bonds as yields in the 4-5 year bucket have collapsed beyond interest. Hence, only banks who had been flagged by the ECB in its latest stress test scenario would have wanted to show interest in the ECB’s liquidity.
In UK, NIESR forecasted growth of 0.7% y/y in GDP in November, in line with October data but manufacturing output and construction output both contracted in October. Chinese growth sagged, as Bloomberg’s gross domestic product tracker came in at 6.78 percent year-on-year in November, down from 6.91 percent in October. Industrial output rose 7.2 percent y/y, retail sales gained 11.7 percent, and investment in fixed assets expanded 15.8 in November. Japan national industrial activity surveys failed to impress and its core machinery orders contracted by 6.4% m/m in October.
OUTLOOK: Over the next week, we have a full plate as far as economic docket goes. We start of the week with exit poll outcome from the Japan’s snap national election followed by Tankan economic survey. Euro zone economic survey will be released on Monday and so will be the reports from ECB on covered bond and ABS purchases. On Tuesday we have the flash PMIs from Euro zone and China followed by UK inflation, UK prudential regulation authority bank stress test results and German ZEW investor sentiment reading. We will roll into Wednesday for some major event risks, in the form of Greek presidential elections and the US FOMC rate decision. Thursday has the German IFO’s business climate survey, china property price data well as US services PMI. During the last day of the week, Bank of Japan takes to stage to present their monetary policy, where the words of the governor will be keenly watched. At the same time on Friday, Japan economy minister Amari is scheduled to speak on the future of Abenomics, and we sense the possibility of hints about fresh fiscal stimulus from him.
India is scheduled to report its wholesale price inflation for November as well as the merchandise trade numbers for the same month. WPI is expected to show a decline below 1% and merchandise trade deficit is expected to show up between USD 12-14 billion. Indian Rupee is expected to remain weak against the US Dollar. We have been advocating buying on dips for so many months now and we will continue to stay with the positioning. Over the near term Rupee can slip towards 62.80/63.00 levels on spot and resistance remains around 61.80/62.10 levels on spot. Technically, USD/INR has given a breakout from a muti-month congestion, which has targets of 64.00 and above, but with central bank on the front foot as far intervention goes, we are not sure whether market will be able to express their view freely. As a result we would look at more measured pace of depreciation. Against the Yen and the Euro, Rupee remains a carry play, so during times of risk aversion, these two currencies can continue register strong gains. Similarly, a risk-on mood can cause Rupee to bounce back strongly against the Euro and the Yen. Thefeore, for traders looking for fast moving currency pairs, they need to keep an eye on Eur/INR and Yen/INR. GBP/INR is expected to be ranged between 96.50/97.00 and 99.50/100.00 for some more weeks.
By Anindya Banerjee, analyst, Kotak Securities
Post Comments
More from bankingampfinance

Oil spill yet to reach India  fear doesOil spill yet to reach India  fear does
Modi: Need your support to bringdevelopmentWritten by Arun Sharma | Kathua |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:13 am
Taking a dig at both the successive National Conference and PDP governments as also their coalition partner Congress for the present situation in the state, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said that Jammu and Kashmir needs development.
Addressing an election rally of nearly 50,000 people at Sports Stadium here, Modi said enough hollow promises have made to the people.
“Jammu and Kashmir’s progress has to be done through development. It needs roads, electricity, water, schools and hospitals,” he said. “For doing all this, I need your support.” He appealed to the people to turn up at polling booths in huge numbers despite the severe cold.
He asked the people to teach a lesson to NC and PDP, as also Congress during the assembly elections. “You have seen many governments, but do you remember any having done any good work for you, or having stood by you sharing your pain and suffering?’’ he asked. As the crowd responded with a “No”, he asked them: “Why have you been electing them time and again? In a democracy, are the governments made for the enjoyment of leaders?”
Pointing that governments in a democracy have to listen to public grievances and initiate welfare schemes, he said “Your only mistake is that you have never punished them for their wrong-doings.”
Modi said the Congress has been sneaking into every government in the state. “Whether it is the National Conference or the PDP forming the government, Congress joins hands with them to stay in power. However, at the time of elections, it backstabs them, comes out of the government and projects itself as their opponent.”

Launchpad: Powerfully smallBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:11 am
Creative Woof 2
Price: Rs. 3,999
Creative has launched its Woof 2 Bluetooth speaker at Rs 3,999. It is built with a larger bass radiator and features Bluetooth connectivity for streaming music wirelessly and control buttons for music playback. It also comes with a built-in microphone.
Alternatively, users can also connect audio input using the included 3.5mm aux-in1 stereo cable. The Creative Woof 2 also features an auto sleep mode that powers off the speaker to intelligently conserve battery life when there is no active Bluetooth or aux-in connection for more than 10 minutes. The devices claims 6 hours of battery life on a single charge. Encased in a metallic body, the Creative Woof 2 is available in Gun Metal colour.
Dell Latitude
Price: Rs. 2,29,999
Military grade
Dell has launched the Latitude 14 Rugged Extreme notebook and the Latitude 12 Rugged Extreme convertible notebooks in India. The two devices are designed keeping in mind those working in extreme conditions exposed to dust, moisture, drops and vibration. These notebooks are tested to military standards including up to six feet drops, as well as ingress protection, emissions and hazardous materials certifications by a third-party testing facility. The laptops make system management easy with remote management capability and Intel vPro technology for efficient out-of-band management.
Toshiba WT-8
Price: 15,490
The all-rounder
Toshiba has launched its Windows 8.1-based tablet called WT-8 at a price of Rs 15,490 exclusively on Amazon.in. The Toshiba WT-8 runs on Intel Atom Processor Z3735G with 1GB DDR3L RAM and 32GB internal storage expandable up to 128GB. The Toshiba WT-8 features an 8-inch HD 1280×800 pixels 10-point multi-touch display and Dolby Digital Plus. It mounts a 5MP AF rear camera and a 1.2MP front camera and is powered by a 3788mAh battery. The tablet comes preloaded with apps like Xbox Music and Video, Kindle Reader, Skype and a one year subscription to Office 365.
Asus ROG G series
Price: 82,999
Pro-gaming
Asus has launched its Republic of Gamers (ROG) G series G551 gaming laptop. Priced at Rs 82, 999, the new G Series system comes with up to Intel Core i7 processors and NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics. It  features a wide-angle IPS display, and provides gamers with Full HD visuals. There’s also 4K/UHD-ready TrinityDisplay output. TrinityDisplay technology enables users to hook their G Series up to three other external displays via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1. It is also armed with a SonicMaster Premium.

AAP woos teachers ahead of DelhipollsBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:10 am
Continuing its election strategy of garnering votes from influential sections of society, the AAP on Saturday met government school teachers in Delhi.
Former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal promised to implement the recommendations of the sixth pay commission. “Teachers are the top priority for the AAP. We want  the teaching community will play a pivotal role in improving and building a new society,” Kejriwal said, while addressing members of the Delhi All Schools Teachers Association.
Kejriwal also urged the teachers, who work as booth-level workers during polls, to stay vigilant about fake voters. “As you are working as  booth level officers, I  urge you to be vigilant about fake voters. If you come across any such case, please alert me and I will take care of it,” Kejriwal said.
Kejriwal also said, “The job of fixing your salaries as per the sixth pay commission is easier than slashing the electricity and water tariff. I think you should get more than the sixth pay commission. We will also make all the teachers, who are on contract basis, permanent.”

AAP removes radio ad by molestedwomanWritten by Sarah Hafeez | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:06 am
An AAP jingle has been taken off air by the FM radio channels after objections from Delhi Police which claimed that its content was defamatory.
The advertisement has a woman named Ritu saying she had gone to a police station to file a complaint against molestation but police refused to register a case. After this, the woman appeals to the public to vote Arvind Kejriwal to power so that such a situation is prevented.
While the AAP-contracted agency has taken the advertisement off air, the party maintained that if the Delhi Police had a problem with its image being sullied, taking an ad off air would change little. Senior AAP leader Manish Sisodia said, “There are numerous complainants in Delhi whose FIRs are not registered. I know examples from my constituency and from media reports. The AAP has not hurt the image of the police. The police’s image will improve when they improve their efficiency.”
Police on Friday asked radio channels to take the commercial off air if it was not genuine and categorically sought details on the identity of the woman voicing it. “We have objected to the radio jingle in which a woman alleges that police did not take adequate action on her complaint of molestation. We have asked channels to provide us details such as who the woman is and whether her complaint was actual or imagined for the sake of advertisement,” Delhi Police in-charge of media relations said.
Police said the city’s 181 stations maintain a catalogue of cases. CCTV cameras are also installed in each of them. “If and when we identify the woman named Ritu, we will check if she had in fact approached police with a complaint and whether she was indeed treated as claimed in the ad.” A senior AAP party leader said the jingle was meant to serve a generic purpose. “The jingle was not from a particular case but rather to highlight problems citizens face,” he said.

Fourth phase to seal fate of Omar SayeedWritten by Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:04 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 8:39 am
The Valley goes to polls in the fourth phase of assembly elections Sunday, when 16 segments vote. In the fray is the fate of two top figures — PDP patron Mufti Mohammad Sayeed and Chief Minister Omar Abdullah. This phase will also decide fate of J&K speaker, three ministers and three ex-ministers.
Mufti Mohammad Sayeed, seeking re-election from Anantnag, is likely to sail through easily especially after his rival, NC’s Mehboob Beig, refused the mandate from the party and asked his supporters to vote for Mufti. Though the NC gave the ticket to another candidate, he is unlikely to pose a challenge to Mufti.
The people of south Kashmir will also decide the fate of two Congress ministers Ghulam Ahmad Mir and Peerzada Mohammad Saeed.
Peerzada, seeking re-election from Kokernag, is battling anti-incumbency and the rise of PDP. Mir too has an uphill task at Dooru.
Eight seats of Srinagar also vote Sunday. In the last elections, it was these eight seats that catapulted NC to power — the party won all the eight seats. This time, however, the NC is facing a tough challenge from PDP. In Sonawar, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah is up against PDP candidate Mohammad Ashraf Mir and Omar faces a tough battle especially in wake of the floods.
In Amirakadal, former minister and NC provincial president is in fray against PDP’s Altaf Bukhari. BJP’s Hina Bhat is also contesting from the constituency. Here, Bukhari seems to be ahead of his rivals.
In Khanyar, NC general secretary and minister Ali Mohammad Sagar is in fray against PDP’s Khursheed Alam. Here, the boycott factor could also play an important role.
At Habbakadal, the only constituency in Srinagar where BJP sees a chance, it is a triangular contest between NC, PDP and BJP.
Though Habbakadal has a substantial Pandit population, three Pandit candidates are in fray from the constituency. The outcome of Habbakadal will be decided by the boycott factor.
If the voters of the constituency boycott the elections like previous polls, BJP candidate has a chance to sail through.

US Fed considers language change to curbvolatilityBy: Reuters | New York |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:03 am
“Will they or won’t they?” is the question on investors’ minds as the Federal Reserve policy-setting committee meets next week for the last time this year.
Markets have followed Fed speakers closely in recent weeks for clues on whether the US central bank will change key language in its post-meeting statement regarding how long it will keep benchmark interest rates near zero.
Some expect the Fed to remove the reference to “considerable time” when setting a time frame for near-zero rates and maybe replace it, as it did ahead of the 2004-2005 monetary policy tightening cycle, with a nod to being “patient”.
But that belief has been complicated somewhat by the slump in oil prices that has pulled inflation expectations lower and caused the S&P stock index to post its first negative week in eight on Friday. The expectation of lower inflation could prevent the Fed from changing its current stance.
Client notes from Goldman Sachs, Citi and Bank of America/Merrill Lynch this week deal with expectations for the removal of the wording, roughly agreeing that however close the call is, it is more likely than not that the phrase will go away.
“They are going to remove it; I don’t think (Fed Chair Janet Yellen) is going to keep it in there just because of what we are seeing with the energy sector,” said Sean McCarthy, regional chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Bank in Scottsdale, Arizona.
“All the other data has been strong, whether you are looking at construction, at the ISM numbers, and especially the jobs data that she cares about most.”
Indeed, recent statements from Fed officials suggest the language could be changed. Goldman Sachs, in a note, pointed to “widespread use of the word ‘patient’” as a signal that “some participants would prefer to revise the current language.”
The lack of consensus on the Fed’s move all but guarantees that whatever the Federal Open Market Committee’s statement says on Wednesday the stock market will be volatile, as it usually is on Fed decision days. “The goal,” said the BofA/Merrill note, “will be to smooth the market’s reaction. The Fed does not intend to signal a fundamental shift in policy, and we expect chair Yellen’s press conference remarks to reinforce this point.”

Loose bricks in Delhis ambition to get world heritage citystatusWritten by Divya A | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:01 am
The capital’s bid to become a UNESCO-certified World Heritage city has hit a roadblock, after a UN cultural team expressed dissatisfaction over the details furnished about some of the 200 monuments that have been nominated by the government. The team was in the city last month for an official survey.
Sources told Newsline that officials had sought clarifications on the inter-linkage between various agencies involved in conservation such as Delhi Urban Arts Commission, Archaeological Survey of India and Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH).
Officials from the Ministry of Culture — which has been entrusted with the task of presenting Delhi’s case for a World Heritage City tag — admitted that “some additional information” was sought by the UNESCO team during its Delhi visit between October 8 and 10. The response was duly submitted to the international agency on November 3, an official said. The Ministry, however, expressed its inability to share any further details.
“We were asked to provide specific details on the role of various agencies in conserving some of the listed monuments,” an official from the Delhi Tourism department said, adding, “Conservation is not the only criterion for nomination. Delhi has a lot of historical and universal value as well.”
On the Ministry’s behalf, Delhi’s nomination dossier was prepared by the INTACH Delhi Chapter, under the leadership of A G K Menon, and was submitted to UNESCO earlier this year.
The two areas listed in the dossier are Shahjahanabad in Old Delhi and Lutyens’ Bungalow Zone. The 367-page document contended that Delhi is a city of “outstanding universal value” as it uniquely encompasses two stages in the country’s history — the Mughal Empire and the British rule.

All help for setting up ITIR in TS: Union MinisterUpdated: December 14, 2014 02:22 IST
All help for setting up ITIR in TS: Union Minister
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu
Mr. Prasad asked the Chief Minister to send detailed proposal on the State’s requirements in setting up ITIR.
TOPICS
computing and information technology
Union Minister for Communications and IT Ravi Shankar Prasad has assured Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao that the Centre will cooperate with the State in providing infrastructure in the Information Technology and Investment Region (ITIR) project in Hyderabad.
He announced sanctioning of separate postal circle to the Telangana State and complimented the State government for its development initiatives.
In a meeting with the Chief Minister in the Secretariat on Saturday, in which Telangana IT Minister K.T. Rama Rao, Chief Secretary Rajiv Sharma and other officials were present, the Union Minister said IT companies which already have their operations in Hyderabad could set up their extension units in ITIR.
The Telangana IT Minister and officials made a power-point presentation on the development of IT sector in Hyderabad, exports and employment opportunities. The Chief Minister requested the Union Minister to increase the Central assistance to ITIR stating that Rs. 165 crore announced already was inadequate.
Responding to the request, Mr. Prasad asked the Chief Minister to send detailed proposal on the State’s requirements in setting up ITIR. He stated that Hyderabad had already gained recognition as an international IT hub and the Centre was ready to help Telangana in the development of communication and IT sectors further.
Mr. Chandrasekhar Rao explained about the new industrial policy unveiled by the State government recently and its plans to announce a new IT policy soon, both aimed at the economic growth of the State.
Further, he mentioned that the National Geographic had recently identified Hyderabad among the top tourist places in the world.
After presenting a copy of the new industrial policy to the Union Minister, Mr. Rao said the State government had already identified certain places for ITIR and the IT companies already operating from Hyderabad were planning to expand their facilities there, which needed the best infrastructure in education and health.
He explained that the State government had already sought an assistance of Rs. 4,863 crore for creation of infrastructure for ITIR, including Rs. 942 crore for phase one and Rs. 3,921 crore for phase two and the Centre had approved support to an extent of Rs. 3,275 crore -- Rs.165 crore in the first phase and Rs. 3,110 crore in the second phase.

US Senate tussles over spending bill as shutdown loomsUS Senate tussles over spending bill as shutdown looms
Lingaa  Box Office Collection: "Rajini s Film Earns  60 Crores on Opening DaLingaa  Box Office Collection: "Rajini s Film Earns  60 Crores on Opening Da
Spunky India lose 3-4 to Pakistan in semifinals  to play Australia for bronzeSpunky India lose 3-4 to Pakistan in semifinals  to play Australia for bronze
Ranbaxy and sun merger should not be permitted.combined entity shall h...Silver Member
7 Followers
ranbaxy and sun merger should not be permitted.combined entity shall have 9% market share of india and 5 largest generic company globally. Sun was a pure niche play and they avoided rosuvastatin etc. Not only therapeutic classes but complimentary products will be very detrimental for Indian drug industry. This merger is purely because of japnese failure to tackle indian working enviroment and US FDA issues purchase price was high for japnese and were worried about their capital invested but ranbaxy had lot of F2F already filed. BAAP ki mehna thighly educated beto ne us MBA beto ne paani ke  bhav bhechi. full stop was needed here on alkal of shinder and brothers thinking and mind now it percolating to sun The most astitute business man on this earth. He understand risk & task at hand and embeded value the merger going to create. He will become riches man on this earth in three years without any pharma background like ciplas hamid and cadilas patel.freedom and large /bemoth  merges have their own significace and percolating effect on indian pharmaceuticals should be stopped at least indian operation should not be given approval only export entities should be given in principle approval this will benefit all, owners of deal, indian government, indian patients and pharma sector as  a whole.I am M pharma MBA in pharma R & D & have work with sun and knows how sun thinks and function.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
2.24 AM Dec 14th 2014

If you are unsure about the proverb  don`t use it. if you feel s...Like this Message. Repost it to millions of investors.
Guest
Don`t ape china model for sure, but Renminbi has not gone much weaker against Dollar from last 2 years while Rupee devalued against dollar.
In reply to : Raghuram Rajan message
1.26 PM Dec 12th 2014

Sell all the axis bank stock on monday morning at market price  and th...Platinum Member
80 Followers
Sell all the Axis Bank stock on Monday morning at market price, and then go short for two days. Hopefully you will recover your losses.
Or if you are having holding capacity, convert them from December Futures to January Future.

Ebola Virus OutbreakGoogle Plus
Storyline
Continuing coverage of the ebola outbreak in Africa and its effects in the U.S. and around the world

Singing for superstar RajiniUpdated: December 13, 2014 18:26 IST
Singing for superstar Rajini
Tamil cinema
Mano is the voice behind super hit ‘Mona Gasolina’ in Lingaa. He tells sudhir srinivasan about singing for Rahman and Rajini
When Mano received a call on June 25 from A. R. Rahman inviting him to his Panchathan Studios in Kodambakkam, he wasn’t sure he could go. He had a flight to the U.S. at 8.45 that evening, and there was hardly any time. He was told that he would be singing a song for the upcoming Rajinikanth film called Lingaa. When he realised what a huge opportunity it was, he rushed to the studio by 3 p.m, and as soon as Rahman stepped in at 4, he told him about his flight and that he had to leave in a couple of hours. “That’s all right. Let’s get started,” said the composer.
Somewhere in his head, Mano remembered the studio as being the hallowed ground where he had sung hits such as ‘Mukkala Mukkabla’ (Kadhalan) and ‘Kikku Eruthe’ (Padaiyappa), which incidentally was the last time he had sung for Rajinikanth. He remembers the first time he sang for the superstar like it happened yesterday. “Director Muthuraman sir and Ilaiyaraaja sir had called me for a song (‘Velai Ilathavan’), and it was only after I finished recording that I realised I’d sung for a Rajini film called Velaikaran.”
Singing for Rajini is an experience like no other, says Mano. “When you sing for a star of his stature, it ensures your longevity as a singer. Should the song become a hit, you will get huge mileage.” Such were the thoughts swirling in his head as he memorised the tune and stepped into the all-consuming silence of the recording studio that evening. He found himself behind the mic, and as the phrase goes, it was time to dance.
He calls ‘Mona Gasolina’ a “gallop song” — “the beat is very Mexican in its essence.” Rahman had already given him the go green to improvise and use any vocalisations he thought would be appropriate for Rajinikanth. After Mano sang the first two lines, the composer asked him to stop. “He changed the sruti of the song, and in minutes, changed the rhythm pattern too,” says the singer, clearly in awe of the rapidity of the changes. Rahman also made a quick call to an acquaintance in the U.S. and checked the validity of words like ‘Gasolina’ and ‘Trampolina’ that feature prominently in the lyrics. “He was in a particularly happy mood that day; it added to my excitement.” The singer then put on display his full range of exaggerated vocal effects (as can be gleaned from the guttural roars in the song), drawing extensively from his familiarity with Rajinikanth’s voice, having dubbed for him in numerous Telugu films over the years. “He talks with a certain glide at the end of each word if you notice. I used such minor observations in my singing.” The recording was completed in a little over an hour; in time for him to catch his flight.
On his return to India a few weeks later, he learned that some changes had to be made to the track. The vocal effects had to be toned down a bit, as in Rajinikanth’s words, “63 vayasula ivlo energetic-a effects kudutha, naan epdi pa dance aadardhu?” (which loosely translates as “at 63, how can I dance to such energetic sound effects?”)
The song was officially released a few months later, and has now gone on to become the hit of the album. Mano can’t compliment Rahman enough for the freedom given to him during the singing of the track — an aspect some new composers should imbibe, according to him. “I find that many new composers have a rigid idea of what their songs should be. They need to realise that when the singer is given more liberty, the song opens itself to new meaning, new interpretation. The baby is still the composer’s, but perhaps the singer can dress it better?”
Interestingly, he attributes part of his long run in the Tamil industry to something you would assume he would be sore about — the similarity of his voice to legendary Tamil singer S. P. Balasubrahmanyam’s. “I credit my success to him. Composers approached me in the beginning as his replacement, when his schedule didn’t permit him to sing for them.” Of course, Mano later discovered an interesting facet to his voice — an Arabic modulation that he tried for the first time in ‘Vedhalam Vanthiruku’ (Soora Samharam), and repeated successfully in ‘Hey Shabba’ (Karna), ‘Azhagiya Laila’ (Ullathai Allitha), and ‘Aayirathil Naan Oruvan’ (Iruvar).
SPB, interestingly, has sung the title track ‘Oh Nanba’ for Rajinikanth in Lingaa. “Rahman sir must have felt that I’d bring my own quirks to ‘Mona Gasolina’, I guess,” says Mano. “He isn’t somebody who forgets people quickly.” Mano should know — his familiarity with Rahman dates back to the composer’s days before Roja. He sang more than 10 ad jingles for him, and remembers singing an early Rahman composition called ‘Allahu Akbar’ at the inauguration of Panchathan Studios in 1989.
Even though singers like SPB, Hariharan, Shankar Mahadevan, and even the relatively young Karthik have turned composers, Mano is not tempted to follow suit. “I notice some directors inviting composers to create music for their films even before formally announcing them as the music director. Such arrangements wouldn’t work with me. I need confidence reposed in my ability to deliver good work.” In short, as Rahman did with ‘Mona Gasolina’.

Thousands march for climate justice in LimaUpdated: December 11, 2014 10:39 IST
Thousands march for climate justice in Lima
Meena Menon
Environmental activists march at the "People's Climate March" in Lima on Wednesday.
Reuters
Thousands marched through Lima on Wednesday to protest against climate change as the United Nations climate summit, COP20, nears its final days.
TOPICS
climate change
“Water yes, Oil No”, said a banner at the march for climate in Lima on Wednesday, indicative of the life and death battles over natural resources for the indigenous people in the Peruvian Amazon and other parts of the world.
Large green banners unfurled all over the street as people marched to demand action of the government on climate change and not mere words. Alejandra Alayza of OXFAM, Peru said people are urging the government to take notice of the many environmental violations in the country. The march is in the defence of the rights of mother earth, she said and everyone from NGOs, indigenous people, trade unions and those struggling for control over their land and natural resources were on the street.
“We are asking for coherence from our governments, we need to see climate leadership and while we are holding talks on climate, governments are doing the opposite of protecting the environment,” she said.
An estimated 15,000 people took to the streets of Lima on Thursday for the People's Climate March, calling for the ministers to shift to 100 per cent clean energy by 2050, according to the NGO Avaaz.
The march follows the delivery of a 2.2 million person petition by 100 children to UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon, Peruvian President Ollanta Humala and the conference of parties President Manuel Pulgar Vidal. In Peru the government was opening up more land for oil and mineral extraction, giving concessional rates for mining and at the same time weakening environmental laws and regulation and diluting impact assessments, say activists.
As the climate talks began, a new report showed that, despite public commitments to protect Peru’s forests, the first Amazonian host of the UN COP is ignoring the real drivers of deforestation and failing to safeguard the rights of indigenous peoples. The report, Revealing the Hidden: Indigenous Perspectives on Deforestation in the Peruvian Amazon, was compiled by Peru’s national indigenous peoples’ organisation, AIDESEP, and an international human rights organisation, the Forest Peoples Programme (FPP).
Contrary to official discourses that blame migrant farmers for deforestation, the report suggests that the “invisible” drivers of current and future deforestation in Peru include road construction, oil, gas and mining projects, palm-oil plantations, illegal logging operations and mega-dam projects. The threat to indigenous peoples and lands became all too real to Edwin Chota and other leaders of the Ashéninka community of Saweto in Ucayali when they were murdered in September 2014, allegedly by logging mafia, in reprisal for their longstanding efforts to protect their lands from illegal logging and to secure title to their territory, the report said.

Homeless for the Holidays: Many Americans Out in the Coldhomeless for the holidays: many americans out in the cold
Kurdish forces kill 16 jihadists in Syria: monitorKurdish forces kill 16 jihadists in Syria: monitor
PM s plan to change Varanasi into Kyoto-style city: People hopeful & apprehensive(If a Smart Varanasi encompasses…)
By Prerna Katiyar
VARANASI: It is 5:30 in the morning and, even as most of India has still to wake up, one part of an ancient city is bustling. People are offering prayers on the ghats of the river, a few are chanting Har Har Mahadev, others are bathing either themselves or their buffaloes, and still others are loudly discussing the inevitable — politics and the actions of their first-time MP, who is also the country's prime minister.
There's chaos of the controlled kind on the ghats of Varanasi as the early morning light skims across the surface of the Ganga. Two hundred days after Narendra Modi was sworn in as prime minister and 210 days after he was declared winner from Varanasi by a handsome margin of 3.37 lakh votes, the city's MP and the country's PM is still the tittle-tattle of the temple town. "The city, languishing in its past glory, has seen an awakening of sorts in the last six months. Work looks to be in progress in our city," says Narendra Singh, a small-time businessman, after offering prayers at the colourful Dashashwamedh Ghat.
If you're looking for a counter view, there are plenty lurking in the 80-odd ghats that lead up to the river. "Chavanni ka kaam nahi hua hai [not an iota of work has been done]," rues Yashpal Yadav, a resident of Ardali Bazar, pointing to a gali with a mound of garbage "The good areas are getting better and the bad are turning worse."
"Real Varanasi lives in the galis and bylanes while work initiated by the Modi government is happening in the VIP areas to make them now VVIP localities — we don't know if Modi is aware of the ground realities," adds a resident of Sanjay Gandhi colony, wishing to remain unnamed.
Mega Plans
In end-August, Modi, within hours of landing in Osaka in Japan, was witness to the signing of an agreement with his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe to transform Varanasi into a Kyoto-style smart city. Like Varanasi, Kyoto, which is called the city of 10,000 shrines, is a place of pilgrimage — and also has a river flowing through.
The promise of wide and clean roads and modern infrastructure — think high-speed rail networks and navigable waterways — on the lines of Kyoto contrasts sharply with Varanasi's filthy galis, polluted river and rickety ghats. Add to that overflowing sewage drains, power cuts, traffic jams and water shortage, and you wonder: do the people of Varanasi see hope for an ugly-duckling-toswan-queen like metamorphosis?
The answer from Ajay Rai of the Congress, who contested unsuccessfully from the constituency, is predictable. "People of Varanasi had a lot of expectations from Modi but unfortunately it is all talk and no action. There isn't much ground work happening in the city," he declares. "Kashi and Kashi vasi (citizens) will never like the idea of transforming the city into some other world city like Kyoto."
So, along with difficulty in grasping the sheer scale and ambition of the smart city initiative, there's also a fear among the local community of the makeover erasing Varanasi's timeworn character. As Gopal Seth, a shopkeeper in Chetganj, wonders: "What will we do with a new Varanasi if we lose our own identity?" "Our needs are pretty basic," adds Saroj Singh, a resident of Chowka Ghat. "Give us power, good roads and our basic necessities, and we don't care for any talk of a smart city or the Kyoto model."
Even for good electricity connection and roads, Varanasi needs a makeover, and mayor Ram Gopal Mohale points to projects like a solid waste treatment plant, multi-level parkings at Beniya Bagh, Bisheshwarganj and Lahurabir that if completed will make life easier for citizens. The operative word here of course is 'if'. The mayor sees the Samajwadi Partyruled state government as an impediment. "A lot of projects are in the pipeline to improve the basic amenities of the city but we aren't getting enough support from the state government," says Mohale.
The good news, though, is that Modi's initiatives — some nationwide and others aimed squarely at Varanasi — are breeding a sense of hope amongst the people. Says a local photojournalist who this writer bumped into on Lahurabir Square: "People now have a sense of ownership. They are not ashamed to step out in the open with brooms in their hand and become part of the Swachh Bharat mission to do something that till yesterday they were doing only in their respective houses."
Of course, not all journos in Varanasi speak in the same voice. "All this talk of Swachh Bharat and working with the brooms is an eye wash," says another. "The other day, when the Prime Minister had launched the mission, a bunch of advocates almost snatched the brooms from the safai karamcharis for a 'photo-op' after which they literally threw the brooms back to the workers."

Hinduja Group buys Britain s iconic Old War Office buildingHinduja Group buys Britain s iconic Old War Office building
In loss  brave India make intentclearWritten by Bharat Sundaresan | Adelaide |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:29 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 11:27 am
SAHA six. Saha four. Saha bowled. It was pretty much as straightforward as that.
Mind you, this was the 80th over of the Indian run-chase. Only 65 runs separated the visitors from a historic win. Australia still had to bowl a minimum of 18 overs. At the other end, stood Virat Kohli, unbeaten, untouched, and well on his way to taking his team home. In the pavilion, sat the bowlers, twitching, anxious and with an unenviable task on their hands.
It’s in the midst of this theatre that Wriddhiman Saha had walked out. Rohit Sharma had perished to his second straight soft dismissal to Nathan Lyon. The Australian off-spinner was delivering the spell of his life, one that could well define the rest of his career. The Adelaide Oval pitch was scuffed, and it looked like it had received a serious tan-the kind most visitors have to deal with after their first week Down Under-at both ends. The ball was turning, bouncing, and jumping viciously.
It didn’t seem to bother Saha though. He first jumped out of his crease and launched Lyon over the long-off fence with a clean strike. Next, he got down on one knee and dismissed a full delivery to the backward square-leg fence with an authoritative sweep. Then a dot ball before Saha stepped out of his crease and attempted another swig only for the ball to sneak in between bat and pad.
Saha had fallen. Only the tail remained now. But Kohli’s reaction wasn’t one of distress or that of a captain who felt let down by his final recognized batsman. He simply turned around and winced, like he could feel Saha’s pain. The wicket-keeper after all was just following his captain’s diktat — be positive, be brave and don’t dare take a backward step. He only had failed in the execution. Not the approach.
The dodgy decisions-Shikhar Dhawan was given caught off the shoulder and Ajinkya Rahane caught bat-pad despite the ball having made no contact with the willow-played their part even if the Australians might have labelled them as DRS karma.
Ideally the fall of the fifth wicket on the fifth day of a Test match on Australian soil would have been the cue for India to shut shop. A well fought-out draw was a great result.
Why risk a loss in pursuit of a win? In 2011, India had backed out of chasing down 84 in 15 overs despite having Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman at the crease with Kohli and MS Dhoni still to come. It was coach Duncan Fletcher’s first series in-charge.
But in Adelaide, a draw wasn’t an outcome the new Indian Test captain was interested in.Only once in history had a target over 300 been chased down at this venue, back at the turn of the 20th century.  Kohli wanted continued…

Station work over  Metro to start clearing ITO barricades fromMarchWritten by Sumegha Gulati | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:25 am
For drivers and pedestrians stranded in the toxic mist of ITO’s notorious traffic jams, Delhi Metro has good news. From March, the Metro will begin removing its part of the problem — the barricades and route diversions put in place about 18 months ago for the construction of a train station.
According to a DMRC spokesperson, the civil construction at ITO station is complete and trial runs are expected to start shortly.
“All the barricades will be removed by March-April. This station is an important one on the Violet Line, part of our Heritage Corridor, which will pass through the Walled City and end at Kashmere Gate,” the spokesperson said.
The barricades currently affect lakhs of commuters every day, with waiting time at the ITO signal of up to 20 minutes at peak hours.
Apart from clearing the way for swifter road traffic, the ITO station will be of help to scores of people working at the Income Tax Office, Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, Delhi Police Headquarters and Public Works Department among others. It will also serve students attending School of Planning and Architecture as well as Maula Azad Medical College.
DMRC is also constructing two underpasses at this Metro station, which will be used by the general public as subways. “While the subway on IP Road is already operational, the subway on Deen Dayal Upadhyay Marg going to Connaught Place and the New Delhi Railway station will open with the ITO station,” the spokesperson said.

Lack of prey pushing leopards into cities:ExpertsOn Thursday, one leopard was found dead in the forests near Pachehra village in Loni, Ghaziabad. The second one was found dead on Friday in Abupur village.
Ghaziabad |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:23 am
BY Aniruddha Ghosal
After the carcasses of two leopards were discovered in Ghaziabad — one on Thursday and the other on Friday — the forest department said it was possible that the two animals had strayed there from the nearby Hastinapur Sanctuary. Experts said their presence in areas such as Ghaziabad proves that the big cats have learned to thrive even in human-dominated areas.
On Thursday, one leopard was found dead in the forests near Pachehra village in Loni, Ghaziabad, by a farmer.
The forest department transported the carcass to Sanjay Nagar nursery, where a post-mortem ruled out any foul play. Officials said the animal, aged between 13 and 14, had died of natural causes. On Friday, another leopard, around 4 years old, was found dead at Abupur village.
Officials said it appeared that the animal was electrocuted after coming into contact with a high-voltage wire.
Forest department officials and experts maintained that two leopard deaths, within 48 hours, confirmed that the big cat was looking to move out of Hastinapur Sanctuary — that spans over Ghaziabad, Meerut and Jyotiba Phule Nagar — due to lack of prey.
A recent GPS-based study on leopards, a first of its kind, had confirmed that leopards adopted a number of strategies to not just survive, but thrive in areas with human habitations.
The study, titled “Adaptable Neighbours: Movements patterns of GPS-collared leopards in human-dominated landscapes in India”, was done by the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) along with  Norway’s Hedmarks University College, the Norwegian Institute for Nature Research, Himachal Pradesh Forest Department, Maharashtra Forest Department and Asian Nature Conservation Foundation.
It focussed on five leopards, three of them females, that had been tagged as “problem animals”, though they had never attacked humans.
“In the past few years, there have been numerous leopard sightings in human dominated areas. The Forest department tries its best to ensure that leopards aren’t attacked by people as it would lead to a man-animal conflict that can have very dire consequences,” a forest department official said.
The study found that leopards took active steps to avoid encountering people by only moving around at nights. The study also found that leopards could spend time closer to human habitations, coming as close as 25 metres, at night.
“We’ve always looked as leopards as outsiders. We need to understand that leopards are now a part of our cities, towns or settlements. Leopards are very adaptable animals. Humans have modified their habitat, but leopards have learned to live in these modified environment too. Now it is for us to understand this and figure out ways to adjust with them,” Vidya Athreya of WCS said.

Sops for Rajasthan to mark one year of BJP ruleUpdated: December 14, 2014 02:39 IST
Sops for Rajasthan to mark one year of BJP rule
Aarti Dhar
Tweet
The Hindu
Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari speaking in Jaipur on Saturday at a function to celebrate the completion of one year of the Vasundhara Raje government. Photo: Rohit Jain Paras
TOPICS
Rajasthan
State Congress president Sachin Pilot leads dharna to observe a black day against Raje’s ‘misrule’
Rajasthan received sops from the Centre on completion of one year of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) rule in the State with Union Power and Surface Transport Ministers announcing several schemes to mark the day.
Speaking at a gala function organised here on Saturday, Union Surface Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari announced the setting up of a dry port in Rajasthan in addition to several road projects worth Rs 4,000 crore. He promised to complete the Delhi-Jaipur Highway by June 2015 and said road network was important for the development of any State. He announced a grant of Rs 10,000 crore for setting up of dry port.
The Minister said the Centre was now working to encourage the use of bio-fuel and run battery buses for public transport which would not only reduce pollution but also boost tourism. The States can give proposals for running public transport on bio-fuel and electricity, for which the Centre is willing to provide funds, Mr Gadkari said, adding there was no dearth of money.
Earlier, Union Power Minister Piyush Goyal said Rajasthan had the potential of becoming an energy hub in the country and announced setting up of three solar parks – two in Jodhpur and one in Jaisalmer. The proposal for this had been sent by the State government.
Scheme to be amended
To make Rajasthan fully electrified, Mr. Goyal said the Deen Dayal Gram Jyoti Yojana had been amended to remove the provision of not providing transmission lines to small hamlets with a population of less than 100. Since Rajasthan has very small hamlets and did not qualify under the scheme, the changed provisions will greatly benefit the State.
Mr Goyal said the Centre would give Rs 11,000 crore to the State for laying a network of transmission and distribution lines for improving the power supply and additional funds for upgrading power sub-stations and putting meters to prevent theft of power.
On Swachch Bharat campaign, Mr Goyal said the Centre would get 4,950 toilets constructed in over 2,000 schools in Rajasthan which included separate toilets for girls.
On her part, Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje took on the Congress and said that party had been at the helm of affairs for the past 53 years and never held itself accountable for anything. But they were now holding BJP accountable for one year of achievements.
She was responding to the State Congress president Sachin Pilot who was on a dharna along with other office bearers to observe a ‘black day’ against BJP's one year of ‘misrule’.

Senate passes funding extension to avert government shutdownSenate passes funding extension to avert government shutdown
Barack Obama  Narendra Modi  Pope Francis  Kate Middleton and Other PersonalitieBarack Obama  Narendra Modi  Pope Francis  Kate Middleton and Other Personalitie
Centre announces slew of projects on Raje govt s anniversaryCentre announces slew of projects on Raje govt s anniversary
Mozambique launches new international airportMozambique launches new international airport
Gujarat HC refuses to quash adulteration case against PepsicoGujarat HC refuses to quash adulteration case against Pepsico
Saradha scam: Madan Mitra remanded in CBI custodySaradha scam: Madan Mitra remanded in CBI custody
Ttk healthcare have delivered 20% growth in h1 and agm update says the...Gold Member
115 Followers
TTK Healthcare have delivered 20% growth in H1 and AGM update says they target good growth in the next 2 years on the back of Bain`s recommended strategy...
Other than Score, they have ramped up "Good Home" range of hygiene products and Jaipur plant is coming on stream in next few months...so FY16 will be exciting to watch. They have some insurance exposure too via Cigna so all in all it looks a good small cap to own for few years. Institutional holding has been on the rise in recent qtrs. Sit tight with this little gem !
2.33 AM Dec 14th 2014

Dear mr. chawla if necessay i can come to your office and shares my un...Silver Member
7 Followers
ranbaxy and sun merger should not be permitted.combined entity shall have 9% market share of india and 5 largest generic company globally. Sun was a pure niche play and they avoided rosuvastatin etc. Not only therapeutic classes but complimentary products will be very detrimental for Indian drug industry. This merger is purely because of japnese failure to tackle indian working enviroment and US FDA issues purchase price was high for japnese and were worried about their capital invested but ranbaxy had lot of F2F already filed. BAAP ki mehna thighly educated beto ne us MBA beto ne paani ke  bhav bhechi. full stop was needed here on alkal of shinder and brothers thinking and mind now it percolating to sun The most astitute business man on this earth. He understand risk & task at hand and embeded value the merger going to create. He will become riches man on this earth in three years without any pharma background like ciplas hamid and cadilas patel.freedom and large /bemoth  merges have their own significace and percolating effect on indian pharmaceuticals should be stopped at least indian operation should not be given approval only export entities should be given in principle approval this will benefit all, owners of deal, indian government, indian patients and pharma sector as  a whole.I am M pharma MBA in pharma R & D & have work with sun and knows how sun thinks and function.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
2.24 AM Dec 14th 2014

Abercrombie s Controversial CEO Is Finally Stepping DownThe controversial chief executive of Abercrombie & Fitch is stepping down.
The struggling teen retailer announced that Mike Jeffries is retiring.
"It has been an honor to lead this extraordinarily talented group of people," the 70-year-old Jeffries said in a press release on Tuesday morning. "I am extremely proud of your accomplishments. I believe now is the right time for new leadership to take the company forward in the next phase of its development."
The decision to retire was made by Jeffries and the board of directors, which is conducting a search for the next CEO, a source with knowledge of the situation told The Huffington Post. Replacing Jeffries has been high on, if not at the top of, the board’s list of priorities for a long time, the source said. Late last year, activist investors called for changes at the top of Abercrombie, including Jeffries’ ouster.
Jeffries gained notoriety after telling Salon in a 2006 interview that the brand was "exclusionary" and that it only marketed to the "cool kids."
"We go after the attractive all-American kid with a great attitude and a lot of friends. A lot of people don’t belong [in our clothes], and they can’t belong. Are we exclusionary? Absolutely," he said .
The quote was recirculated in 2013 and went viral on the internet as many criticized the company for its bias. One man, Greg Karber, even called for a “brand readjustment” by giving out Abercrombie clothes to the homeless .
The company is in the midst of a desperate turnaround effort as sales continue to fall . The brand is getting rid of its signature logo tees, redesigned stores and pledged to eliminate underperforming locations. But nothing really seems to be working , as HuffPost reported last week.
There are no plans for Abercrombie to abandon the turnaround initiatives that have already been announced, a source with knowledge of the situation told HuffPost.
The new CEO will face a “broken business model,” Eric Beder, an analyst at Wunderlich Securities,  wrote in a note on Tuesday, calling it worrisome that the announcement came during the important holiday sales season.
“Frankly, while we are happy to see this change made, the uncertainty in such a crucial timeframe is a key negative,” wrote Beder.
In a note to clients last week, Beder expressed concern that the retailer won’t be able to recover, as it continues to face fierce competition, low store traffic and bleak sales numbers.
Earlier this year, Jeffries lost his job as chairman of the company. In the release Tuesday, Arthur Martinez, the company's current non-executive chairman and incoming executive chairman, praised Jeffries' work as CEO.
"It is impossible to overstate Mike Jeffries' extraordinary accomplishments in building Abercrombie & Fitch to the iconic status the brand now enjoys. From a standing start two decades ago, his creativity and imagination were the driving forces behind the company's growth and success," he said.
Abercrombie declined to comment beyond the statements in its press release.
More:

Splitsville for Freida Pinto and Dev PatelCelebrity Search
Splitsville for Freida Pinto and Dev Patel
'Slumdog Millionaire'stars Freida Pinto and Dev Patel, who have been in a relationship since past six years, have finally called it quits.
... more 
A US magazine has reported that the two have broken up and are no longer together. Pinto even celebrated her 30th birthday without Dev this October. Sources claim that the dusky beauty is presently single and that her friends are trying to set her up.
Click ahead for photos of Freida and Dev in happier times
Freida was recently spotted with Siddharth Mallya.
Axe Signature FHM Bachelor of the Year Awards, 2014
Tue 30 Dec, 2014 3:21 PM IST
Every list has its own signature and this year, the Axe Signature FHM Bachelors of the Year had a star-studded one like never before! More » Axe Signature FHM Bachelor of the Year Awards, 2014
Meet Nargis Fakhri, the cover girl
Thu 11 Dec, 2014 1:16 PM IST
Gorgeous actress Nargis Fakhri  features on the bridal cover of Harper’s Bazaar magazine- the December issue. The  actress looks beautiful in an Alexander McQueen creation. More » Meet Nargis Fakhri, the cover girl
Deepika Padukone and Aamir Khan play a tennis match
Wed 10 Dec, 2014 3:10 PM IST
True heroes who battled cancer
Thu 16 Jun, 2011 5:04 PM IST
Steve Jobs, the visionary who transformed the worlds of personal computing, finally lost his years-long battle with pancreatic cancer. Six years ago, Jobs had talked about how a sense of his mortality was a major driver behind that vision. It takes real courage to swim against the current and smile even when you are writhing in pain. A look at the celebrity figures who showed great grit in their battle against cancer. Meet the real heroes. More » True heroes who battled cancer
Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
Fri 23 Dec, 2011 2:09 PM IST
From yummy to weird, here's a look at the menu of our pregnant celebs. Read on More » Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
Moon gazing on Karva Chauth
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 12:13 PM IST
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
The stunning stars at GQ Men Of The Year Awards
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 1:00 PM IST
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Kareena's goof up and all the other things we heard our celebrities say this week. Take a look More » Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Today on Yahoo

U.N. climate talks risk collapse as China clashes with U.S.U.N. climate talks risk collapse as China clashes with U.S.
Toll rises to 19 in Indonesia landslidesToll rises to 19 in Indonesia landslides
Sub-plot: A race to grab a WCspotWritten by Shamik Chakrabarty | Kolkata |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:44 am
On the face of it, this is a Ranji fixture between Bengal and Karnataka but there is a fascinating mini battle for a World Cup spot between three players. Bengal’s Manoj Tiwary and Karnataka’s Robin Uthappa & Manish Pandey figure among the World Cup probables and will bank on their Ranji Trophy performances to present their cases. Only one middle-order slot is available for the World Cup and Ambati Rayudu is still in the pole position to fill it but a strong show in the Ranji Trophy can put these three players in the reckoning.
It might sound a little strange for Ranji trophy is a four-day affair but considering this is the only tournament Tiwary, Uthappa and Pandey will play before the World Cup,  who knows, some special performance might catch the attention of the selectors even for the shorter format.
After a six-year exile, Uthappa has come back to the ODI fold, thanks to the 660 runs he made in the 2014 IPL. He went to Bangladesh earlier this year and played two matches in the home series against Sri Lanka. As far as domestic cricket is concerned, he has started off the season with 214 runs from six matches (35.66) in the Vijay Hazare Trophy and made 56 in two matches in the Deodhar Trophy.
Pandey scored 472 runs in seven matches (118.00), including a century and four fifties in the Vijay Hazare Trophy. He, however, faltered in the Deodhar Trophy with 55 runs from two matches.
Playing catch-up
Tiwary is playing catch-up this term after missing the entire 2013-14 Ranji season due to a freak knee injury. He sparkled in the Vijay Hazare Trophy with 302 runs in six matches (60.40), including a match-winning hundred against Vidarbha. He led East Zone to title in the Deodhar Trophy and finished with 226 runs from two matches (106.10). Not that it had been all smooth sailing.
Just a few weeks ago, Tiwary was vilified for scoring a 92-ball 56 in the Vijay Hazare Trophy semi final against Karnataka as Bengal lost the match from a seemingly impregnable position. Karnataka captain Vinay Kumar, however, had stood by the beleaguered Bengal batsman then.
“He was batting very sensibly. The wicket became slow and it was the right approach on that surface. From his point of view, it was unfortunate that he was run out, but it’s always easy to criticise from outside,” Vinay told this paper after the match. But as the two teams renew their rivalry on an Eden Gardens green-top on Sunday, there will be no quarter given and none asked for. With Abhimanyu Mithun fit and available for selection, Karnataka boasts of a four-pronged pace attack.
‘Ready for challenge’

Rohtak sisters demand probe into affidavits againstthemBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:41 am
The  Rohtak sisters who beat up their alleged harassers in a bus earlier this month have sought a probe into the affidavits filed by “eyewitnesses” against them. They said they were being projected as “extortionists” due to “Haryana’s patriarchal mindset”.
At a press conference organised by the Indian Women’s Press Corps here, 22-year-old Aarti, the elder of the two sisters, said, “A probe should be held into how these affidavits were submitted. Many of them were filed by people who were not present in the bus at the time of the incident.” She was accompanied by her sister Pooja and father Rajesh Kumar.
Aarti said the issue was not of seats but of sexual harassment. “The dispute over seats was already sorted by the conductor as is evident from his statement. The boys kept passing lewd remarks  because they were angry we had raised our voice against them.”

Mumbai look to rebootseasonWritten by Jonathan Selvaraj | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:37 am
A few days back before the Mumbai cricket team flew out to Delhi for their second match of the Ranji season against Railways, captain Suryakumar Yadav says he had chat with Amol Muzumdar, a former Mumbai skipper. The shock defeat of the 40-time Ranji champions at the hands of Jammu and Kashmir was still painfully raw and Muzumdar tried to boost the new skipper’s confidence.
“He told me that we could recover from a poor start. He said that back in the 2006/07 season, Mumbai lost their first game (they were forced to follow on after conceding the innings lead) to Bengal and we had lost three matches including an outright defeat against Hyderabad. But Mumbai came back that year to win the Ranji Trophy. And if that side could do it, this current side could do it as well,” says Yadav.
Pep talks however have the habit of glossing over unhelpful details from a motivational big picture. What Muzumdar failed to mention, is that the team that ultimately went on to beat Bengal in the 2006/07 Ranji final included five other players, apart from himself, who had represented India — Sachin Tendulkar, Wasim Jaffer, Romesh Powar, Zaheer Khan and Ajit Agarkar. Incidentally, that squad had also featured Rohit Sharma.
At least on the basis of name recall value, the current Mumbai squad doesn’t match. “This is the first time I am seeing a Mumbai team that is so weak,” is how a blunt Sunil Joshi, coach of the J&K team, had said. Of the squad that will play Railways at the Karnail Stadium on Sunday, only Abhishek Nayar has any international experience (3 ODIs). With 70 first class caps, Nayar is also the team’s most experienced member. Captain Suryakumar Yadav has 26.
The experience crunch for Mumbai isn’t a case of diminishing talent. Ajinkya Rahane, was a regular fixture in the squad until last season (He played two matches before being called up for the 2013 New Zealand series) and Rohit Sharma used to be regular (He played 6 matches in the 2012/13 season) This year Dhawal Kulkarni got called up as a cover after Bhuvneshwar Kumar was injured in Australia. Zaheer wasn’t fit enough at the start of the season and the loss of Wasim Jaffer, who fractured a finger in the J&K game, has only made the crunch worse.
Pros & cons
Yadav says there are advantages of having a young squad. “The intensity never dips over three sessions,” he says. However, according to Harvinder Sandhu, coach of the opposition Railways side, the flip side could continued…

There is a chance I may never play again  says injuredClarkeBy: Express News Service | Adelaide |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:33 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 11:44 am
While the first Test in Adelaide came to a dramatic end, Michael Clarke sat nursing a painful hamstring on the sidelines rather than leading Australia in the middle. Yet again his body had given way in the middle of a crucial Test, and it wasn’t surprising to hear the commentators wonder out aloud about the Australian captain’s medical insurance policy.
But despite the pain and the limp, Clarke was at hand to cheer his teammates on to a famous victory along with passing on a few tips along the way to stand-in captain Brad Haddin.
But now the 33-year-old is likely to spend the rest of the Australian summer recovering from his latest injury scare, the tweaked right hamstring. And he revealed on Saturday there was a possibility of him never returning to a cricket field again.
“There’s no doubt there’s certainly a chance that I may never play again. I hope that’s not the case and I’ll be doing everything in my power to get back out on the park but I have to be realistic as well,” he said.
“The experts are looking at scans now, I don’t know exactly how long I’m going to be out for. I think our first practice game of the World Cup is eight weeks away, I’d love to take part in the tri-series, I’d love to take part in the World Cup,” added Clarke.
Despite having come into the match under a cloud regarding a perennially dodgy back, Clarke had gone on to make a sterling century in the first innings, after having retired hurt briefly. The left hamstring had always given him trouble but now it was time for the right to flare up. “My back was quite sore. I needed some injections and some medication to get me back out onto the park, but I’ve said before that’s part of playing international sport,” he said.

Shah calls on Pawar at MumbaihospitalBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:08 am
BJP president Amit Shah on Saturday visited NCP chief Sharad Pawar at Breach Candy Hospital ion Mumbai to enquire about the latter’s health after he underwent a thigh surgery.
Pawar had suffered a fracture on the upper right thigh after a fall at his New Delhi residence.
NCP leader and spokesperson Nawab Malik said, “He (Amit Shah) visited Pawar after 12.30 pm in the hospital. After talking to him for some time, he left.”
According to Malik, on Friday several politicians had also called Pawar to inquire about his health.
“(Congress president) Sonia Gandhi had called yesterday to talk to him and so had a few other political leaders,” Malik added.

A day later  CM expands scope of irrigation graftprobeWritten by Sandeep A Ashar | Mumbai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:05 am
The probe ordered into the alleged multi-crore irrigation scam won’t just be limited to graft allegations against former NCP ministers Ajit Pawar and Sunil Tatkare, but would also include irregularities brought out by the Madhav Chitale committee report submitted to the state government in February this year, Chief  Minister Devendra Fadnavis told The Indian Express.
The CM said he had also asked the state’s Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) to probe discrepancies highlighted in a May 2014 report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India.
The ACB had first sough the government’s nod in August this year for an “open inquiry” on complaints of corruption it had received against Pawar and Tatkare, both of whom held the water resources portfolio.
But while acceding to this request, the state’s home department had in September suggested that the scope of the probe be expanded to include the role of other public functionaries too.
Sources in the water resources department said the expanded probe could also bring financial irregularities during the previous Shiv Sena-BJP reign in Maharashtra under focus, though Fadnavis denied this.
The Chitale committee report had asked the government to hold chairpersons and members of governing councils of various Irrigation Development Corporations (IDCs) responsible for irregularities in irrigation projects. The Water Resources Minister is also the chairman of IDCs, which came into existence in 1995 during the Shiv Sena-BJP rule in Maharashtra.
“All irregularities highlighted in the Chitale report pertain to the Congress-NCP reign,” Fadnavis said.
In an interview after the submission of his report, Chitale had said there were different ministers in different phases who held the water resources portfolio and headed the corporations, including Mahadev Shivankar (BJP), Eknath Khadse (BJP), Padamsinh Patil, Ramraje Nimbalkar, Ajit Pawar and Sunil Tatkare (all NCP).

Jamiat says underworld links allegations a ploy by BJPgovtWritten by Zeeshan Shaikh | Mumbai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:00 am
A dank street lined with goats tied to lamp-posts in the congested Imam Bada area of Bhendi Bazaar leads to the office of the Jamiat Ulama-i-Hind’s Maharashtra head-office. The organization has found itself under the scanner after Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis agreed to an inquiry into whether the organisation’s legal aid head has any underworld links.
The man at the centre of the renewed attention question is the lungi-clad, paan-chewing Gulzar Azmi, a wiry septugenarian who heads the Jamiat Ulama-i-Hinds legal aid committee which has been providing legal aid to 410 Muslims who are accused in 56 terror-related cases across the country.
Azmi who operates from the two storeyed building claims that the  allegations against him and his organization are a ploy by the BJP to target the organisation and deflect attention from its own failure in governance. BJP MLA from Bandra Ashish Shelar had on December 11 sought a ban on the organization and claimed that it had links with the underworld.
“The head of the Jamiat Ulama-i-Hind which helps many of the terror accused and those involved in serious criminal cases has links with Chhota Shakeel. The government should inquire into the working of this organisation and if need arises should ban it,” BJP MLA Ashish Shelar had said on the floor of the Legislative Assembly. Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis supported his party MLA and said that the government would probe the allegations made by Shelar. “They are unnecessarily targetting us to hide their own failure in governing the state and the country. Had they linked me up with Abu Salem who is from my home district of Azamgarh people would have found it a bit plausible. It is funny that they have linked me with Chotta Shakeel with whom I have no connection,” Azmi said.
The organisation, which has spent Rs 2.89 croroe in 2013 to provide legal aid for Muslim terror accused, claimed that the bulk of the money it received was through public donations made during the holy month of Ramzan. “We are a trust and all the money comes through public donations. Our funds are all accounted for. We are ready to face any probe that the government wants to carry out,” Azmi added.
The Jamiat Ulama-i-Hind is a 95 year old organisation of Muslim clerics. It started its legal aid wing only in 2007 after a spate of arrests of Muslim youth in 2006 in Maharashtra.
“In 2006 one after the other nearly 43 Muslim boys were picked up by the police and arrested for their alleged involvement in terror cases. The families tried to fund their legal defense on their own initially but later had asked us for help. Our organization leadership therafter decided that we should support them and a legal defense cell was formed,” Azmi said.
The organisation is presently fighting 56 terror cases in which 410 Muslims are under arrest. It funds local lawyers as well as noted lawyers like K T Tulsi, Kamini Jaiswal and Shanti Bhushan to fight on behalf of the continued…

Lawyer booked for FB post  facesarrestBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:45 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 8:19 am
The Mumbai Police on Friday booked a Kurla-based lawyer for an allegedly objectionable post on social networking site Facebook containing comments that investigators say could hurt religious sentiments of the Muslim community.
According to the complaint filed at the RAK Marg police station in Wadala, the lawyer, Vijay Gaikwad, allegedly posted offensive remarks against Prophet Mohammed. Following protests outside the police station late Friday night, Gaikwad was booked under various sections of the IPC, including Section 295 (A) (deliberate and malicious acts), 153 (A) (promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace) and 500 (punishment for defamation), along with sections 66(A) and 67 of the Information and Technology Act, 2000.
If Gaikwad is arrested, his would be the first major arrest in the state under Section 66 (A) of the IT Act after the arrest of two girls from Palghar for their Facebook posts on late Bal Thackeray.
According to complainant Moin Khan, also a lawyer, Vijay is related to Umesh Gaikwad, an office-bearer of the VHP in Mumbai. Umesh, however, denied the claim.
“He (Vijay Gaikwad) is my Facebook friend. I checked his posts on December 12 after returning from office. He had posted comments on Prophet Mohammad. I found it hurting the religious sentiments of the Muslim community. I drafted the complaint with the help of another advocate, Raj Awasthi, and approached the police,” Khan said.
Awasthi said almost 1,000 people gathered near the police station on Friday night. “The FIR was registered only after much protest,” he said.
Khan said, “We came to know Gaikwad was called by Kurla police station late night. He used his political clout to avoid arrest. We are demanding his immediate arrest.”
However, senior police inspector Arun Inarkar of RAK Marg police station said the arrest under the IT Act cannot be done without permission from seniors.
“We need permission from the joint commissioner of police. The FIR and related documents have been sent to the deputy commissioner,” he said. The officer added that investigators needed to also verify the authenticity of the posts before any arrest. “As soon as we get permission, we will arrest Gaikwad,” he added.

Modi s 200 days:  FM best performer   Make in India  good initiativeArun Jaitley
(The finance minister has…)
The finance minister has been the most impressive among his Cabinet colleagues in the past 200 days. Make in India trumps other government initiatives like Swachh Bharat and Smart Cities, the disbanding of the Planning Commission is touted as the most significant policy reform and prime minister Modi's visit to the United States is perceived to be the most successful of all his foreign trips.
Those are the findings of an ET Magazine poll to which some 6,775 visitors to economictimes.indiatimes.com responded between December 10 and 12.
Jaitley clearly has begun well, with a little over half of the respondents voting for him as the best-performing minister so far.
Piyush Goyal, minister of state with independent charge for power, coal and new and renewable energy, and Nirmala Sitharaman, minister of state (independent charge) for ministry of commerce and industry as well as minister of state for finance and corporate affairs, are a distant second and third, respectively.
Jaitley also gets a fair bit of support for his — and the BJP-led government's — crusade to bring back money from overseas; only 23% feel the government won't succeed in this endeavour whilst 44% are optimistic (the rest aren't sure).
Replacing the Planning Commission with a new body and increasing FDI limits in critical sectors are the reforms that have impressed the respondents the most.
Surprisingly, the relaunch of the savings scheme Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP) isn't really a big hit, with only 6% of the respondents seeing it as significant; perhaps many of them agree with the Congress view that KVPs could be used to launder black money.
The good news for the embattled Congress is that the party is still being considered the most effective Opposition. Well, the recent 'slips-of-tongue' in Parliament by the ruling party may be doing their bit to help the Grand Old Party get its mojo back.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pranab Mukherjee undergoes medical procedureNew Delhi, December 13, 2014
Updated: December 14, 2014 02:09 IST
Pranab fine after procedure
President Pranab Mukherjee. File photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
heads of state
President Pranab Mukherjee underwent a medical procedure to clear a blockage in one of his arteries at the Army Research and Referral Hospital on Saturday evening. A stent was placed in the artery to remove the blockage.
“The President is fine, chatting and is likely to be discharged on Sunday,” an official told The Hindu.

Senate Passes Stopgap Spending Bill Through WednesdaySenate Passes Stopgap Spending Bill Through Wednesday
Chinese official media dubs HK protest defeatedChinese official media dubs Hong Kong's Umbrella revolution "defeated"
PTI Dec 13, 2014, 06.25PM IST
Tags:
Chen Zuoer
(Agitators, mainly students,…)
BEIJING: The 75 day-long "Umbrella revolution" by pro-democracy protesters that shook Hong Kong and China has been "defeated", Chinese media claimed today sparking a raging debate about the future of democracy in the former British colony.
"The successful clearing operation (street protests) officially spelled defeat for the "umbrella revolution"-- the Hong Kong version of the "colour revolution", state-run China Daily said in its editorial.
Two days ago, the Hong Kong police cleared some of the main thoroughfares of the city which were occupied by thousands of protesters, who chose to withdraw to redraw their strategy.
Agitators, mainly students, were demanding China to repeal the rule to screen candidates for the 2017 elections for the chief executive of the city.
"By now, Hong Kong people know better that the "high level of autonomy" doesn't mean full autonomy, and nor is "Hong Kong people governing Hong Kong" in conflict with the central government's comprehensive jurisdiction over the Special Administrative Region (SAR)," the editorial titled "'Umbrella revolution' defeated" said.
Claiming that the "One Country, Two Systems" principle was designed not only to maintain stability and prosperity in the SAR, the Daily said it was also intended to safeguard the sovereignty, security and development of the whole Chinese nation.
It further said the movement's defeat has sent "a clear message" to hostile forces-- both local and overseas-- that on matters of principle, the central government will never make any concessions.
"And in a free and prosperous civil society such as Hong Kong, there is simply no soil for political schemers to advance their agenda," it said.
But the mood in Hong Kong was sombre and different. Lawmakers and academics were generally despondent about the prospect of achieving universal suffrage for the election of the chief executive as Beijing has made it clear that it will not back down, the South China Morning Post reported.
Chen Zuoer, the former deputy director of the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office, called for a "rethink and planning on how to rule Hong Kong".
"Hong Kong people should be prepared for a possibly long-term struggle with the force that brings calamity to Hong Kong ... in aspects such as the law court, Legco, mass media, universities or even secondary schools," he said.
Professor Lau Siu-kai said: "Beijing is also kind of shocked to see people [fighting for democracy] through illegal actions ... and thus inclined towards [being more] conservative".
Joseph Chan Cho-wai, a professor at the University of Hong Kong, said that pan-democrats should now start efforts to negotiate for open elections beyond that date. PTI KJVChinese official media dubs Hong Kong protests "defeated" From K J M Varma
Beijing, Dec 13 (PTI) The 75 day-long "Umbrella revolution" by pro-democracy protesters that shook Hong Kong and China has been "defeated", Chinese media claimed today sparking a raging debate about the future of democracy in the former British colony.
"The successful clearing operation (street protests) officially spelled defeat for the "umbrella revolution"-- the Hong Kong version of the "colour revolution", state-run China Daily said in its editorial.
Two days ago, the Hong Kong police cleared some of the main thoroughfares of the city which were occupied by thousands of protesters, who chose to withdraw to redraw their strategy.
Agitators, mainly students, were demanding China to repeal the rule to screen candidates for the 2017 elections for the chief executive of the city.
  "By now, Hong Kong people know better that the "high level of autonomy" doesn't mean full autonomy, and nor is "Hong Kong people governing Hong Kong" in conflict with the central government's comprehensive jurisdiction over the Special Administrative Region (SAR)," the editorial titled "'Umbrella revolution' defeated" said.
Claiming that the "One Country, Two Systems" principle was designed not only to maintain stability and prosperity in the SAR, the Daily said it was also intended to safeguard the sovereignty, security and development of the whole Chinese nation.
It further said the movement's defeat has sent "a clear message" to hostile forces-- both local and overseas-- that on matters of principle, the central government will never make any concessions.
"And in a free and prosperous civil society such as Hong Kong, there is simply no soil for political schemers to advance their agenda," it said.
But the mood in Hong Kong was sombre and different. Lawmakers and academics were generally despondent about the prospect of achieving universal suffrage for the election of the chief executive as Beijing has made it clear that it will not back down, the South China Morning Post reported.
Chen Zuoer, the former deputy director of the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office, called for a "rethink and planning on how to rule Hong Kong".
"Hong Kong people should be prepared for a possibly long-term struggle with the force that brings calamity to Hong Kong ... in aspects such as the law court, Legco, mass media, universities or even secondary schools," he said.
Professor Lau Siu-kai said: "Beijing is also kind of shocked to see people [fighting for democracy] through illegal actions ... and thus inclined towards [being more] conservative".
Joseph Chan Cho-wai, a professor at the University of Hong Kong, said that pan-democrats should now start efforts to negotiate for open elections beyond that date.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Juncker says UK  beating up  poor Europeans:...Angela Merkel
(Juncker warned that proposals…)
LONDON: European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker accused Britain's prime minister of "beating up" poor European immigrant workers with plans to restrict their access to public assistance, The Guardian reported Saturday.
Juncker, whose appointment as commission chief was bitterly opposed by Prime Minister David Cameron , warned that proposals outlined last month to restrict low wage European workers' access to tax credits and social housing could eventually threaten Britain's key financial sector.
"Especially in Great Britain, which always fought for the enlargement of the European Union , there has to be an end to discrimination against countries just because it goes down well topically when you beat up others," he was quoted as saying by The Guardian during a television panel discussion in Austria.
"I am utterly against behaving as if all Poles, all Romanians, all Bulgarians in the European labour market are of a basic mentality that is criminal. These are people who are working and earning their wages."
Cameron has dampened talk of restricting the number of European workers moving to Britain following German leader Angela Merkel's cool response, and has instead shifted his focus to welfare curbs.
Juncker warned of the knock-on effects for Britain of Cameron's plans. "This fundamental right of free movement of workers cannot be questioned existentially because if you question the free movement of workers, Great Britain has to know that one day the free movement of capital will also be called into question.
"Then it will be the end for London's tax rulings," he said. A spokesman from Cameron's office responded that "the British people were right to want controlled immigration and that free movement was not an unqualified right."
FEATURED ARTICLES

With no progress made on an extension  Desmond says hes focused on 2015.By Chelsea Janes December 13, 2014 Follow @chelsea_janes
Ian Desmond, right, will be a free agent after this season. (Getty Images)
When it was time for Ian Desmond to take his turn with the media at NatsFest Saturday afternoon, a little future shortstop in a red Desmond jersey waddled confidently alongside him. Three-year-old Grayson Desmond has been wearing Nationals jerseys his whole life, worn that red cap with the curly W on since his head could bear one — but by the time he’s ready for Little League, he may have a new wardrobe.
As of the end of last week’s Winter Meetings, his father’s agent and the Nationals had made no progress toward an extension. In fact, recently they haven’t talked much at all. Desmond’s contract expires after 2015, so if the two sides can’t agree on a long-term extension – and they’ve tried before, most notably prior to last season — the Nationals may find it in their best interest to trade the 29-year-old. His blend of rare shortstop power, solid defense and productive clubhouse presence has already lured suitors, according to reports that cite the Mariners among the interested.
Rizzo didn’t address any negotiations or lack thereof Saturday.
“They’re signed in 2015 and that’s right now what we’re focused on and that’s all we can comment about the negotiations,” he said, referring to his high-profile players entering would-be walk years, Desmond, Doug Fister and Jordan Zimmermann.
Desmond said he’s not surprised or perturbed when his name comes up in trade negotiations.
“Look, this isn’t my first day on the job. I understand what’s going on,” Desmond said. “I wouldn’t respect Mike (Rizzo) the way I do, like I said, if he just sat on his hands and did nothing. That’s not how this organization got here, and it’s not how it’s going to continue to move forward. Hopefully I’m a part of it, but if not, I’m still going to be rooting for them.”
The shortstop grew up with the Nationals, and to be fair they grew up with him, too. The Expos drafted Desmond, and he’s been a part of the organization throughout its entire Washington era. Staying, he says, would “of course” be his first choice.
“I’ve got family in this organization,” he said. “I’ve got guys that I consider Dad in this organization. I’ve got guys that are just like my brothers that I’ve been with.”
“I was 18 when I signed, I had like four armpit hairs. Now I’ve got three kids,” Desmond added. “Randy Knorr has seen that every step of the way, you know what I mean? Mike Wallace was showing me the ropes when I was a kid, the head clubhouse attendant. This is an organization I’ve been with a long time. Obviously I want to be here and play here, but this is a business.”
Desmond — who led all shortstops with 24 home runs — won his third straight Silver Slugger this season despite the fact that his batting average, slugging percentage, and on-base plus slugging all dropped. He said he was “pretty unsatisfied” with some things about his year, but was able to see the merits in what was by no means an unproductive offensive season, particularly relative to others at his position.
“You know, a lot of good things happened in a year I thought was a pretty down year for myself. Sometimes it starts spinning out of control and you can’t really stop it. That’s the way it was for me a lot at the plate last year, just couldn’t really figure out what I wanted to do,” Desmond said. “I kind of scuffled, and like I said, to scuffle all year and still win a Silver Slugger and play 150-something games and drive in 90 runs. I mean, I was hitting ninth a couple years ago in the National League. I think those are some pretty easy things to swallow considering.”
“A lot of people were ready for me to be out of here five years ago saying I wasn’t able to hit. Now I’ve won three straight Silver Sluggers,” he added. “I’m excited about that. The worst I can do, I won a Silver Slugger, my team won the division and went to the postseason.”
Desmond was an integral part of that playoff run on and off the field, and is a staple of the franchise. Still, he and the Nationals have made no progress on an extension this offseason. He turned down a seven-year, $107 million dollar deal last offseason, and wouldn’t say whether he’d be willing to negotiate an extension or deal in-season if none was done before then, saying, “we’re not at that point yet.”
Chelsea Janes covers the Nationals for The Washington Post.

Target for sensex now 37500 after a close above 30000. keep smiolingGold Member
11 Followers
Reposted about 18 days 13 hrs 50 min 19 sec ago by carya1 and 1 others
Dear Galatta, agree with you. People have been holding hero shares from Rs. 20. Today look at the share price and the returns from the Dividends. Infosys is a similiar example and so are many others. Today people look at 2500 levels and think the stock has run up a lot. However keeping the company progress in mind and the rise in business as IT spreads globally and to developing countries, the contracs that the company can further get after LCC acquisition in US and Europe... I think its gonna be a multibagger.
In reply to : galatta_here message
3.12 PM Dec 13th 2014   |         |   Rated by

India inviting Smasung  LG for manufacturing: PrasadIndia inviting Smasung  LG for manufacturing: Prasad
NIA to probe link between pro-IS Twitter handler and arrested IS recruitAreebBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:43 am
The National Investigating Agency (NIA) team presently probing the case of alleged Islamic State recruit Areeb Majeed wants to question Bangalore-based Mehdi Masroor Biswas arrested for allegedly operating a pro-jihad and pro-IS Twitter handle.
Earlier on Saturday, the Bengaluru police arrested Biswas for his alleged role in operating the twitter account @ShamiWitness.
“A team of NIA officers from Mumbai has already reached Bengaluru to probe possible connections between the newly arrested Twitter account handler and Areeb,” said an NIA official from Delhi.
“Areeb has mentioned to interrogators that he followed many Twitter and Facebook accounts that were pro-ISIS. We suspect a possible link between Areeb and Biswas.The agency officials along with the Bengaluru team will question him,” the official said.
Commenting on whether Areeb followed the Twitter handle operated by Biswas, the official said, “We are looking at the evidence. We have already written and demanded details from various service providers.”
The four youths Areeb Majeed, Fahad Sheikh, Shaheem Tanki and Aman Tandel, all from Kalyan, flew on May 23 to Iraq allegedly to participate in the war by the Islamic State. However, Areeb was recently brought back to India, having sustained bullet injuries and is currently in the custody of the NIA. He has been charged under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act of conspiring to commit a terrorist act and also, under the stringent Section 125 of the Indian Penal Code for waging war against the nation.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Lahiri closes in on British OpenspotBy: Press Trust of India | Chonburi (thailand) |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:41 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 12:12 pm
A win at the Thailand Golf Championships could open a whole new world for Anirban Lahiri and he put himself up in a perfect position to clinch his third title of the season, reaching the second place after the penultimate round of the Asian Tour event.
Lahiri, playing in the fourth last group, was in a strong position at six-under after 15 holes, before bogeys on 16th and 18th set him back. He totalled four-under 212, one shot adrift of clubhouse leader Marcus Fraser, who edged ahead with a third round 70 at five-under 211.
A lot is at stake on the final day for Lahiri and others, as the top four — not otherwise qualified — will earn a berth into the 2015 British Open Championships at St. Andrews. Currently, Fraser, Lahiri, Scott Hend and Jonathan Moore are the top four and they need to stay in there.
Also Lahiri, who is second and trailing David Lipsky by a little over $ 133,000 in the Order of Merit race, could take the battle to the final event in Dubai with a win or even second place. Lipsky, meanwhile slipped to tied 21st with a round of 74. A win could also move Lahiri into the Top-50 of the world opening a world of new opportunities.
The next best Indian was Arjun Atwal (72) six-over 222 at tied 40th place, while SSP Chowrasia (72) was tied 46th. Gaganjeet Bhullar (73) was tied 54th and Chiragh Kumar (76) was third 60th.

Congress picks Anjan Dutta as party chief inAssamWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:41 am
Three months short of incumbent Assam Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) president Bhubaneswar Kalita’s coming to an end, the AICC Saturday appointed veteran Congressman and former transport minister Anjan Dutta as the new chief of the party’s state unit. Dutta incidentally was in the news recently when the CBI questioned him in connection with the Saradha chit fund scandal.
Dutta, a three-time MLA from Amguri in Sivasagar district, is a known loyalist of CM Tarun Gogoi and had literally worked overtime when Gogoi was facing a massive rebellion mounted by his bête noire and then health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma immediately after the party suffered a drubbing in the Lok Sabha elections.
“Congress president Sonia Gandhi has appointed Anjan Dutta as president of the Assam Pradesh Congress Committee in place Bhubaneswar Kalita with immediate effect,” AICC general secretary in-charge (Organisation) Janardan Dwivedi said in New Delhi.
Known for having led a turn-around for the Assam State Transport Corporation which was in the red during the last AGP government (1996-2001), Dutta, as then Assam Pradesh Youth Congress president, had also contributed immensely towards return of the party to power in the heydays of the ULFA in 1991.

Win continues to eludeAnandBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:38 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 12:05 pm
Viswanathan Anand played out his third draw on the trot, signing peace with Hikaru Nakamura of United States in a keenly fought game of the third round of London Chess Classic.
Anand yet again showed fine preparation in the tournament but the victory continued to elude the Indian ace and he is now under pressure to catch up with just two rounds remaining in the six-player round-robin tournament.
The day produced some high quality chess but there was no decisive game. Michael Adams of England came close to winning his second game in the tournament but let Russian Vladimir Kramnik off the hook in a rook and pawns endgame while Anish Giri of Holland split the point with Fabiano Caruana of Italy. As a result of the draw melee, Kramnik and Giri continued to share the lead. Both leaders have five points each coming from one victory and two draws thus far.
Adams holds the third spot on four points while Anand currently stands fourth with three points to his credit coming from all three draws. Caruana and Nakamura are currently at the bottom of the tables and will need a turnaround in fortunes.
The Ivans gambit enjoys a rare popularity amongst elite Grandmasters and Nakamura went for it to surprise Anand.
However, as Peter Svidler, who joined in through a skype call in the commentary room, pointed out, ‘when you are playing someone as booked-up as Vishy, the surprise barely registers.’
Anand chose a solid line, not giving anything away in the opening and steered the game towards equality from the very early stages.
Nakamura’s attempt to complicate in the middle game were met with some deft manoeuvres and after the trade of queens, the result of the game was never in doubt.
Kramnik was lucky to survive in a proper Berlin defense where he mishandled an equal position and landed in lost endgame. Adams, missed the killer blow and returned the favour after which Kramnik held on to his position.

After arrest  Masroor gets wave of support onTwitterWritten by Johnson T A | Bangalore |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:36 am
The arrest of 24-year-old Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the man behind the most popular pro-Islamic State Twitter account on the Internet, triggered an outpouring of support from other IS sympathisers on Twitter.
Several IS sympathisers launched hashtags titled #FreeShamiWitness, #WeareallShami, # supportshamiwitness on Twitter even as several supporters called for a “Twitter storm” around 1.30 am IST to express solidarity with @shamiwitness.
“Tonight 9 PM GMT Twitter storm #WeAreAllShami The Kuffar think we’ve abandoned him,’’ said a tweet from an individual identified as Shami al Arabi with the Twitter handle @AlArabii. In a tweet directed at UK’s Channel 4 news for exposing the identity of @shamiwitness the Shami al Arabi account holder tweeted, “Don’t think you can get the story of the year destroying a man’s life without consequences.”
The Twitter handles of nearly a dozen pro-IS Indian-origin supporters, however, remained relatively silent on the arrest with only @shababhind account retweeting a message of support for Mehdi. A tweet from the account of an individual identified as Mohammed Analyst using the handle @analyst8 tweeted that the “Character assassination of brother Mehdi is hurtful to watch. Ya Allah grant him and his family sabr. #supportShamiWitness’’.
Twitter handles like @isabahmedia4, @tawheedalhindi, @aoalhindi, @ansarfilhind, @yousufalhind, which continously aggregate and post tweets, videos and posts from pro-IS websites, including executions — much like @shamiwitness — did not have posts on the arrest.
Much of the outpouring of support for Mehdi on Twitter seemed to be coming from IS sympathisers based abroad and from a few stray supporters of free speech and advocates of democratic values.

Two units in Ambernath and Pune get closure notices forpollutionWritten by Anjali Lukose | Mumbai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:34 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:36 am
The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) has issued closure notices to two industrial units in Pune and Ambernath for violations and suspecting their involvement in the recent dumping of untreated chemicals into an Ambernath drain.
MPCB officials visited 24 units in the Konkan belt this week that produced or manufactured the chemicals that were found from samples of the drain. Several violations were reportedly found one of the factories at Kurkumbh MIDC near Pune and another chemical factory in Ambernath.
The Kurkumbh unit reportedly disposed of “hazardous high spent acid” through tankers, said officials. However, the company had no permission to produce or have as a byproduct or dispose of the particular spent acid, which was the same one found in the Ambernath drain.
Moreover, officials found that the tankers used for transportation of the chemical were not of the specifications authorised by MPCB for transportation of hazardous waste. Also, while this spent acid was to have been sent to the chemical factory in Ambernath, it never reached the latter factory.
At the Ambernath unit, officials found “highly acidic emission” in the premises and untreated effluent being released into a nullah through storm water drains instead of being treated. The unit was also found to be allegedly illegally importing hazardous waste from Vapi in Gujarat for processing chemicals, said Amar Suparte, Principal Scientific Officer, MPCB.
“We order you to safely close down your manufacturing activities,” read the closure notices to both companies, which meant 24 hours, explained officials.  “We have sent the tanker numbers provided by the Kurkumbh unit to the police for them to ascertain if these are indeed the companies involved in the Ambernath incident. Either way, we issued closure notices for the gross violations we found at the sites,” Suparte added.
Over 400 Ambernath residents took ill after they inhaled a poisonous gas released into a nullah near MIDC on November 30. A mixture of organic compound methyl ethyl ketone and spent acid was found in the drain, the results of the samples tested at Institute of Chemical Technology had revealed. The chemicals mixing with the sewer water and the winter fog released gases that affected the locals.

Now  Godse says he was apatriotWritten by Anjali Lukose , Kavitha Iyer | Mumbai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:30 am
Even as Unnao MP Sakshi Maharaj backpedalled after calling Nathuram Godse a patriot, theatre-goers in Mumbai are reportedly showing a renewed interest in a play on the assassin of Mahatma Gandhi.
Revived this October 2 after 700 shows in 11 years until March 2013, Mee Nathuram Godse Boltoy has seen “great response, especially among the youth”, according to Sharad Ponkshe, who plays the lead role in the widely acclaimed but controversial play. “We have had 60 years of Gandhi. Now people want to hear the other side. Why make a God of a person?” Ponkshe asks, talking to The Indian Express after Friday’s show in a suburban auditorium in Mumbai. “If you make a person God, his mistakes are also just as great,” he says.
“What’s wrong if someone called Godse a patriot. Before killing Gandhi, Godse worked as a freedom fighter and towards Akhand Bharat. You cannot dismiss his work prior to the killing. Killing the Mahatma was wrong. But he has paid the price for it over 50 years ago. So if someone calls him a patriot, why is his viewpoint so wrong?” says Ponkshe.
Ponkshe’s sentiments are shared by the audience too, including the first-timers as well as those who have returned to see the play.
Amit Nimbalkar (28), an IT engineer, wanted to watch the play for a long time and finally made it on Friday. “Gandhi’s values and principles became bigger for him than the needs of the nation. Not even Congressmen followed his non-violence path after his death,” he says. While killing someone is wrong and Godse paid for it, he continues, Gandhi’s view on Partition despite anticipating widespread violence was also wrong. “Godse was a patriot. There should be no problem in saying that, I believe so,” he says.
Meanwhile, amid a fresh spotlight on memorial functions held in Mumbai to mark the day of Godse’s execution on November 15, office-bearers of the Hindu Mahasabha and other groups said these were an annual affair in Mumbai and its suburbs.
In addition to the functions held by the Hindu Mahasabha to mark November 15 as “Shaurya Divas” or Day of Valour, an event was also organised by a non-governmental organisation called the “Maharana Pratap Battalion” in Panvel, the event that Congress MP Hussain Dalwai referred to in Parliament earlier this week.
Nitin Dhavale, a BJP office-bearer in Dombivali, meanwhile, said he had initiated similar programmes last year, although there was no involvement of his party in it.
Dhavale, a former Bajrang Dal convenor in Dombivali and the suburb’s president for the BJP’s Yuva Morcha for the last six months, says his objective is to spread the word that while Godse continued…

UN climate talks deadlocked over scope of pl...UN climate talks deadlocked over scope of pledges
AP Dec 13, 2014, 10.43AM IST
Tags:
China
(The yearly climate meetings…)
LIMA: UN talks on a new global warming pact spilled into the weekend as negotiators quarreled over what kind of information to include when countries unveil their contributions before a key summit in Paris next year.
The yearly climate meetings rarely close on time and the two-week session in Lima was no exception as disputes that arose in the opening days remained unresolved by Friday's scheduled close of the conference.
"There are still some points in the agenda that need more discussion," Chinese delegate Zhang Jiutian said.
One of the most problematic issues was getting the more than 190 countries participating to agree on what information should go into the pledges that governments are supposed to put on the table for the planned Paris agreement.
Rich countries insisted the pledges should focus on efforts to control emissions of carbon dioxide and other heat-trapping greenhouse gases and were resisting demands that they include promises of financing to help poor countries absorb the effects of climate change.
Meanwhile, top carbon polluter China and other major developing countries opposed plans for a review process that would allow the pledges to be compared against one another before Paris. Their reluctance angered some delegates from countries on the front lines of climate change.
"We are shocked that some of our colleagues would want to avoid a process to hold their proposed targets up to the light," said Tony de Brum, the foreign minister of the Marshall Islands , a Pacific nation of low-lying atolls at risk of being flooded by rising seas.
Though negotiating tactics always play a role, virtually all disputes in the UN talks reflect the wider issue of how to divide the burden of fixing the planetary warming that scientists say results from human activity, primarily the burning of oil, coal and natural gas.
Historically, Western nations are the biggest emitters. Currently, most CO2 emissions are coming from developing countries as they grow their economies and lift millions of people out of poverty.
"We are at a moment in the negotiations where countries need to show political leadership, to rise above narrow self-interest and make progress towards decisions that are for the larger, global good," said the Climate Action Network, an advocacy group.
During a brief stop in Lima on Thursday, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said fixing the problem was "everyone's responsibility, because it's the net amount of carbon that matters, not each country's share."
According to the UN's scientific panel on climate change, the world can pump out no more than about 1 trillion tons of carbon to have a likely chance of avoiding dangerous levels of warming. It has already spent more than half of that carbon budget as emissions continue to rise, driven by growth in China and other emerging economies.
Scientific reports say climate impacts are already happening and include rising sea levels, intensifying heat waves and shifts in weather patterns causing floods in some areas and droughts in others.
The UN weather agency last week said 2014 could become the hottest year on record.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Basics explained: The fixed-income marketPrint
The best portfolio has a mix of high-risk and low-risk assets. Equities fall in the first category, while fixed-income assets like bonds fall in the low-risk category. Having a small proportion of these low-risk instruments can help improve the portfolio’s overall risk.
Before you can do so, it is important to actually know and understand the fixed income market. Here are some of the key features:
1. What is the fixed income market: The fixed income market is one of the biggest segments of the international financial system. It is nearly twice as big as the entire stock market, and this is what makes it so very important for investors worldwide. This is where investors buy and sell bonds of various companies and governments.
2. What are bonds: Companies and governments issue bonds when they have to borrow money from the public. This is often considered a cheaper source of borrowing; it is more cost-effective and faster than obtaining bank loans. Such bonds are often issued to help raise funds for development work. When you invest in a bond, it assures you a fixed interest payment every year for a certain period of time. The interest payment is often called ‘coupon’ and the time period is called ‘maturity period’. By the end of this period, the principal amount you invested is returned. This is why it is called a fixed-income security – you know exactly how much and when you earn back your money.
3. How it works: Bonds in the fixed income market are very much like a stock Initial Public Offering (IPO) issued by a company. Within the market, groups looking to raise funds tie up with investment banks. They determine the right coupon or interest rates, the time period of the bond and how much money they want to raise. After this, the bonds are sold to large-scale investors by these investment banks. Initially, just like an IPO, investors have to bid for these bonds. Once the bonds have been allotted, they can be traded on the market just like shares.
4. Other securities: Bonds are not the only fixed income securities. There are other instruments like Certificates of Deposits (CDs), money-market funds and so on. Even bank and corporate deposits can be considered a kind of fixed income instrument.
5. Tax Status: Most corporate bonds are taxable investments. However, some kinds of bonds are tax-exempt too. That means the income or profits associated with these bonds can’t be subjected to taxation. The interest on these bonds is lower than taxable bonds, since investor doesn’t have to pay any tax on interest returns.
6. Credit risks: Bonds and other fixed-income securities are often considered low-risk assets. Government bonds are considered risk-free securities. However, some bonds have higher risk. This is dependent on the inherent ability of the bond issuer to make the payments. This is called credit risk. Even now and then, bond issuers are rated by agencies for their credit risk. A lower credit rating means the bond is more risky. It affects the bond’s price and interest rates.
7. Retail investors: Bond markets are not easily accessible to retail investments. Some bonds have a high minimum investment value. This is why the best way to invest in bonds is through a fixed-income mutual fund scheme. However, tax rates of fixed-income funds are different from equity funds. These funds need to be held for a minimum of three years. Otherwise, they will attract short-term capital gains tax. This is the same as your income tax rate.  
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

Computer fault identified as UK flight chaos...You are here: Home > Collections > Disruption
Computer fault identified as UK flight chaos abates
Reuters Dec 13, 2014, 08.54PM IST
Tags:
air traffic
(A small number of flights…)
LONDON: A system failure affecting air traffic control workstations was to blame for disruption to thousands of passengers coming in and out of Britain's biggest airports, officials said, as services returned to normal on Saturday.
A small number of flights remain delayed or cancelled at London's Heathrow Airport , which calls itself the world's busiest international airport, according to its website.
Air traffic officials said Friday's system failure occurred during a switchover of air controllers' workstations, which are put into operation or placed on standby as demand varies.
"In this instance a transition between the two states caused a failure in the system which has not been seen before," National Air Traffic Service said in a statement.
"The failure meant that the controllers were unable to access all of the data regarding individual flight plans which significantly increases their workload," NATS said, adding that traffic was then reduced.
British Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin had on Friday demanded a full explanation for the glitch that forced authorities to limit access to British airspace at one of the busiest times of year.
He will appear before lawmakers on Monday as a parliamentary committee begins an investigation into the disruption.
The disruption was the second such incident in just over a year to hit NATS's hub at Swanwick in southern England, one of two main centres.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Daimler s Smart says China will become its t...You are here: Home > Collections > Shanghai
Daimler's mini car Smart says China will become its top market
Reuters Dec 13, 2014, 08.34PM IST
Tags:
Annette Winkler
("When we started, many people…)
SHANGHAI: China could overtake Germany and Italy to become the biggest market for Daimler AG's mini car brand Smart in a few years, Smart chief executive Annette Winkler said on Saturday.
"When we started, many people doubted that Smart could be a success here, because normally, luxury, premium cars in China is about big cars," Winkler told reporters in Shanghai , where Smart is celebrating the fifth anniversary of its China launch.
But during some months of this year, China has already been the top world market for Smart, she said.
China's premium car market, currently dominated by German brands Audi, BMW and Daimler's Mercedes-Benz , have shown signs of slowing, but sales of compact models in this segment are still growing fast.
Smart, which competes with BMW's Mini, sold about 17,500 cars in China last year, and sales will hit a record this year with slight growth, Smart's China head Daniel Lescow said in the same interview, attributing the slowdown partly to model changes.
He expects sales will pick up after next year's launch of the new Smart two-seater and Smart four-seater in China, the world's biggest auto market.
"Starting from 2016, we will see double-digit growth again," Lescow said, adding that an increasing number of Chinese young people are becoming rich enough to buy a Smart car , which sells at a starting price of 115,000 yuan ($18,589).
Separately, Daimler plans to bring its car-sharing service, car2go, to China. At the end of 2013, car2go had entered 25 cities in Europe and North America, and was operating a fleet of more than 10,000 Smart Fortwo cars.
Lescow said that the company is talking with city governments about car2go, and evaluating the business model in China, but didn't give a timetable.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Survey of India files complaint against Goog...Survey of India files complaint against Google maps
PTI Dec 13, 2014, 09.58PM IST
Tags:
Google maps
(Dalanwala Police station…)
DEHRADUN: Survey of India today filed a complaint with police against Google maps for alleged wrong depiction of India's international boundaries.
Dalanwala Police station in charge Anil Kumar Joshi said that the Survey of India, in its complaint, said that Google maps is depicting India's international boundaries in a "wrong" manner, that is not justified.
Joshi said the Survey of India has sought police action in the matter.
After verification of the points raised by the Survey of India in the complaint, police will file an FIR, Joshi said.
Survey of India is country's national survey and mapping organisation under the department of Science and Technology.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chimera scratched  Burakovsky returns at LW vs. Tampa BayBy Alex Prewitt December 13, 2014 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP Photo/Gerry Broome)
Now into his 15th NHL season, Jason Chimera long ago learned the frustration of getting benched, though that didn’t make the latest event easier to swallow.
“I think it’s embarrassing as a player when you get sat out,” he said. “I think as a player that’s played a long time, it’s embarrassing. But you have to learn from it.”
Saturday morning, Chimera returned to the Capitals’ locker room facing his first healthy scratch since April 2013. He had skated extra with assistant coach Todd Reirden and signed some autographs. Now, he tried to balance frustration with perspective.
“You go through life, a lot of lessons you can learn, and this is another lesson you can learn,” Chimera said. “Move from it, learn from it. There’s a lot of good things you can see from up top you normally don’t see, so you have to take that into consideration. When I was younger…I’m still [ticked] off I’m not playing, but you have to learn from it and move on. Life’s too short to let it dwell on you.
“Tomorrow will be a new day. You might be in next game, so you can’t let it get to you. Keep moving forward. When you have the family, I think that really helps. That’s when you learn life lessons the most. You learn you’ve got to put on a smile for the kids, or else they’re going to beat you up too. You’ve got to move on. Take the best from it and move on.”
Coach Barry Trotz would explain the move as the product of a clogged forward situation. He would say Chimera’s benching had l ittle to do with the costly interference penalty committed Thursday during an overtime loss to Columbus, and that since he planned on forward Andre Burakovsky returning the lineup, someone needed to sit . He would caution reporters against “reading into” the change as a product of Chimera’s mistake. He would even praise Chimera, who had skated well this month, registering assists in back-to-back games, two days after declining to refer to the veteran forward by name in his postgame news conference when discussing the penalty.
“I know Chimmer did not want to take that penalty,” Trotz said. “He didn’t do it on purpose. But that’s managing the game and all that. It’s not as big a factor as you’re probably going to read into it, think it is. It really isn’t. Burakovsky is going to go in, and my answer at the end of the press conference when I was asked about Burakovsky, my response wasn’t really great. I have a good reason to put [Burakovsky] in, but we were going to put him in anyways. That was the long-term plan anyways. If we had won that game, he was going in today.”
With Burakovsky, however, the long-term plan will not align with Saturday’s strategy against Tampa Bay at Verizon Center. Burakovsky will replace Chimera as the fourth-line left winger, marking the first time since Washington moved Burakovsky to the middle this summer that the 19-year-old rookie will return to his native wing.
Citing a fast, offensively adept Lightning squad, as well as Tampa Bay’s fourth-line mountain of fists in Brian Boyle, Trotz preferred to keep Michael Latta as the fourth line’s center for his strength and faceoff capabilities. And since Alex Ovechkin, Marcus Johnasson and Brooks Laich would not be removed from lineup, Chimera got tabbed to sit.
“When someone sits out like Chimmer, I know he wasn’t happy when I told him he wasn’t playing, which is the great response you want,” Trotz said. “I know when I put him back in the lineup, he’s going to go. It’s no different than Eric Fehr or [Jay Beagle] or Jack Hillen, all the people I’ve sat out this year.”
Still, for Chimera, who has scored six points through 28 games, he could only learn from the penalty and look forward to his return, whenever that may come.
“I felt I was playing good,” he said. “Points-wise and goals wise, they’re not coming as easily as I’d like this year. I feel I’ve been playing pretty good. Obviously you look at the stats and you feel you’re playing like crap and you want to do more. Obviously you want to help the team a lot more. But I feel I’ve been doing some good things, I’ve been skating pretty well. Stuff like that. Keep doing the things I do and hopefully it’ll work out.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Why 40 you may say rs.4/alsoCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Thinking will increase for sure by day endCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Girl from Dandakaranya may soon be doctor fromChinaWritten by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Hanamkonda (warangal) |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:12 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 4:52 pm
Even her birth was an act of rebellion. Her parents belonged to a guerrilla outfit that “prohibits procreation”. Having babies in the forest, its senior ideologues believed, thwarted the revolutionary ideal. Her father Lanka Papi Reddy was passionate about the revolution, but he wanted a baby.
When, in the October of 1994, his wife Saroja gave birth to her in a guerrilla camp of Naxal citadel Abujhmaad, Reddy named her Tejaswi — the girl with an aura.
On Tuesday at 1 am, on a flight from Hyderabad, Tejaswi left for China, to begin a five-year MBBS course at Hebei University in China’s eastern Hebei province. One of the very few babies to ever be born to Maoists in Dandakaranya (their number countable on fingers) is on her way to become perhaps the only offspring of a Naxal to have studied abroad.
“I fought with my friends for her. I could have never dreamt that one day she would fly to China,” Reddy remembers, at his Hanamkonda home in Telangana’s Warangal district.
In the first few years after Tejaswi’s birth all the Reddys could think of was how to raise her. By the time she turned two, they had realised that a life in the jungle amid guns and ambushes was no place for a child. So one night, Reddy quietly slipped out of the forest, crossed the Godavari and left her with his family in Warangal, unsure whether they would ever meet her again.
The two guerrillas would eventually see Tejaswi over a decade later, in 2008, after Reddy, by then a Central Committee member of the CPI (Maoist), decided to surrender for “personal reasons”. Saroja, a platoon commander, followed soon.
Reddy’s mother, who raised Tejaswi, didn’t let her know her parents’ past till they returned. “It was in the news, I remember,” Tejaswi told this reporter before leaving for China. “Then, grandmother told me my papa is coming.”
Reddy’s homecoming had been a major event. The only Central Committee member to have ever laid down arms, he had surrendered before then Andhra Pradesh home minister K Jana Reddy.
Few in the family recognised him when he arrived home, laughs Reddy. “Even my mother… I had to show her a mark on my leg.”
Theirs is a rich landlord family with politics in its blood. Reddy’s father, a Congressman, fought in the freedom struggle while his uncle was a senior Communist leader.
Reddy joined the Naxal movement during the 1970s and went underground in 1976 after his brother Murli Mohan Reddy was shot dead in an encounter during the Emergency.
In the early 1980s, he was among the first batch of selected Naxals to march into Bastar and help establish a guerrilla zone that the Indian State is still unable to breach.
Reddy remembers the struggle that followed to “reclaim my daughter”, by then 14. He told her about the Naxal struggle, continued…

Sports stars take out rally  say CBI actiondreadfulBy: Express News Service | Kolkata |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:05 am
Right next to Shahid Minar, a group had gathered Saturday afternoon to celebrate life and work of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose. About 100 yards away in the Maidan — near Mohun Bagan legend Gostho Paul’s statue — sports personalities, both former and present, assembled to condemn state Sports Minister Madan Mitra’s arrest by the CBI.
While some A-listers like Chuni Goswami, P K Banerjee, Gurnux Singh and Bhaichung Bhutia were absent, still it was a decent turnout, as the players extended their support to the beleaguered Trinamool Congress leader who has been put behind bars for his alleged involvement in the Saradha scam.
“We are deeply hurt, for Mitra has had made a huge impact as the sports minister. He was always there to help, cutting across sports personalities and discipline. The CBI’s action has been dreadful and his arrest is a big jolt for sports in Bengal,” said former India footballer Gautam Sarkar, also the head coach of the state-run West Bengal Football Academy.
Then Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee took over. She thanked Bengal sporting fraternity for showing solidarity. “If you say Madan sought assistance to support a sportsperson in need, I can accept that. If you say Madan sought assistance to revive a sport, I can accept that. But I can never accept that Madan took Saradha money to feed his family,” she said.
“This arrest has been masterminded from Delhi. It’s not just a political issue. The entire sports community here is under threat. They have (CBI) targeted Mohun Bagan, East Bengal and other clubs. They want to destroy our sports as well. Time for sportspersons to put up a fight,” she added.
She showed a purported mobile clip to show Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s connection with tainted Sahara chief Subrata Roy. “Why isn’t CBI arresting Modi? Pictures prove nothing,” said Mamata. She added that she will take temporary charge of the sports ministry till Mitra returns. Sarkar claimed that the protest rally was a “spontaneous response” against “CBI atrocity”. Party workers clapped and cheered when Sarkar said another rally will be held rally on Monday along with sit-in dharnas.

CBI working as BJPs slave  time to disband it: MamataBanerjeeBy: Express News Service | Kolkata |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:58 am
Hitting the street against the arrest of state Sports and Transport Minister Madan Mitra, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Saturday said she did not believe that Mitra was a thief and had stolen the money of Saradha depositors.
“I have joined the protest rally today as I do not believe that Madan is a thief. I do not believe that Madan had stolen money from Saradha depositors. Madan was not in such a bad condition that he had to run his family from Saradha money,” said Mamata.
The party, which took out a protest rally against Mitra’s arrest, held a meeting at the Dorina crossing in central Kolkata. Mamata who was not scheduled to attend the rally, suddenly joined the meeting.
Launching a scathing attack against the CBI, Mamata said: “The CBI has become the frontal organisation of the BJP. It has become an organisation like RSS. They are working like the slaves of BJP. This organisation should be disbanded.”
“Stay within your limits or face music,” she warned the BJP and the Centre. Mamata said Trinamool MPs will protest against it in Parliament from Monday.
Thanking veteran sportsmen who joined the rally, she termed Mitra’s arrest as an “attack on sports and culture” in the state. Mamata said that Mitra will be “reinstated” in his chair of transport and sports minister after he is released from jail.
“Culture and sports in Bengal are under threat. Mohun Bagan, East Bengal are under threat. Madan Mitra will be the transport and sports minister. For the time being, I will oversee the departments,” said Mamata.
Apparently referring to photos of Mitra sharing dias with Saradha Group Chairman Sudipta Sen, who is now in judicial custody, at a function of its employees union of which he was stated to be the president, Mamata said: “If an image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then the PM should be arrested for Sahara scam. There are images of several CPM leaders with chit fund owners. There are images of the PM with the Sahara chief. Should we arrest the PM? A red diary was obtained after raiding Sahara office. It had several big names…”
Alleging that Mitra was called as witness to the CBI office and was arrested hours after, Mamata said it was done following a phone call from Delhi.
Asking her party men to politically fight BJP, the TMC chief said, “They (BJP) are trying to start riots in the state. We will never let them make this possible. What will happen if we start arresting them? It is time to hit the streets…”
She added: “We returned money to 5 lakh people. How many people got their money back after the CBI took over? Chit funds are under the jurisdiction of the Centre. Why did they sit over our anti-chit fund law for so long? The BJP is playing politics continued…

Ron seals the deal in Reals Perfect20By: Agence-France Presse | Madrid |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:55 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 12:37 pm
Two late Cristiano Ronaldo goals helped Real Madrid make it 20 consecutive victories in all competitions as they saw off Almeria 4-1 at the Estadio de los Juegos Mediterraneos. In their final La Liga game of 2014, Los Blancos stretched their lead over Barcelona, who travel to Getafe on Saturday, at the top of the table to five points. First-half goals from Isco and Gareth Bale either side of Verza’s stunning equaliser yesterday sent the visitors in ahead at half-time, but they needed a big save from captain Iker Casillas when he parried Verza’s penalty on the hour mark.
Ronaldo then sealed the win when he turned home crosses from Karim Benzema and Dani Carvajal to take his La Liga tally to 25 goals this season. “Almeria fought hard and we had a lot of problems during the game as we sought to keep possession. Only at the end of the game were we able to control the ball well and find the goals we needed to finish the match,” said Carlo Ancelotti of his side’s victory.
“Casillas managed to save the penalty in what was a defining moment, and thereafter that it was a little bit easier for us. “We’ve had an unforgettable year, winning a lot of titles, especially La Decima (10th Champions League title), and are in a good position in the league. We now go to the Club World Cup with the intentions of winning it.”
The hosts, with caretaker coach Miguel Rivera in charge following Francisco Rodriguez’s dismissal earlier this week, came out of the blocks quickly, and almost made the perfect  start.
First Pepe and then Carvajal blocked goalbound close-range efforts from Fernando Soriano and Sebastian Dubarbier within the first three minutes. After gaining a foothold in the game, Madrid then saw a Toni Kroos volley from outside the area deflected onto the bar by Fran Velez, before Bale failed to find an unmarked Benzema in the six-yard box after breaking down the Andalusian side’s left on the quarter-hour mark.

Business as usual for Chelsea CityBy: Reuters | London |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:53 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 12:33 pm
Chelsea and Manchester City tightened their stranglehold on the Premier League title race on Saturday, recording victories over struggling clubs to stretch further clear of their increasingly forlorn pursuers. Normal service was resumed at Stamford Bridge as Chelsea maintained their three-point lead over City at the top with goals from Eden Hazard and Diego Costa sinking 10-man Hull City 2-0.
Champions City maintained their ever more convincing chase, sealing their fifth successive league win at bottom club Leicester City 1-0 courtesy of a 40th-minute goal from the evergreen Frank Lampard. City’s delight, though, was tempered by another injury setback with captain Vincent Kompany, just back after being sidelined, limping off again with hamstring trouble.
Fourth-placed West Ham’s progress was checked by a 1-1 draw at Sunderland and Southampton lost 1-0 to an Ashley Barnes goal at Burnley. That left the chasing pack, headed by third-placed Manchester United and West Ham, 11 points behind Chelsea and eight adrift of the champions. It also put pressure on Louis Van Gaal’s United before their match against Liverpool on Sunday. Arsenal host Newcastle United in Saturday’s late kickoff.
Chelsea, smarting about their first defeat of the season at Newcastle last weekend, inevitably made Hull suffer swiftly. The visitors had barely touched the ball for seven minutes before Hazard headed home Oscar’s cross but, even without the burden of the ‘Invincibles’ talk, the home side’s expected deluge of goals never materialised. Only after Tom Huddlestone was dismissed for a nasty late stamp on Filipe Luis did Chelsea seal the deal, Costa scoring his 12th goal of the season from a Hazard assist after 68 minutes to make it eight home wins out of eight for Jose Mourinho’s men.
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini, already without his injured goalscoring totem Sergio Aguero, was forced to hand a start to Spaniard Jose Pozo, the 18-year-old being hailed as the ‘Mini Messi’, after Edin Dzeko pulled up injured in the warm-up.
The lightweight youngster, however, found it hard going against Leicester’s committed defenders and it was left to the remarkable Lampard to make the breakthrough just before the interval. The midfielder timed his run into the box with predictable efficacy to sidefoot the ball home after fine work from Samir Nasri, the hero of City’s midweek Champions League triumph at Roma.
The 36-year-old’s latest crucial intervention will not have escaped his old disciples at Chelsea as Lampard’s 175th goal took him to fourth equal on the all-time list of Premier League scorers, an astonishing achievement for a midfielder. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce was left raging by the award of a 22nd-minute penalty to Sunderland, after Adam Johnson had tumbled rather too easily for his liking. He was even angrier when Jordi continued…

Pakistan take celebrations toofarWritten by Mihir Vasavda | Bhubaneshwar |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:51 am
At the end of the four quarters, there was little doubt that the better side had won the India-Pakistan semifinal. However, as the thousands at the Kalinga Stadium walked out disappointed, the visiting side’s brilliant counter-attacking hockey that destroyed India wasn’t something they were talking about. Instead, it was the Pakistan players’ obscene and expletive-laden celebrations.
Moments after the hooter sounded, Pakistan players broke into wild celebrations. They waved their shirts provocatively, flipped the bird and indulged in several other unmentionable obscene gestures and, all directed at the partisan crowd. It went on for nearly 10 minutes. Initially, those in the stands responded by applauding the team’s performance. However, once it got out of hand even they hit back.
Pakistan coach Shahnaz Sheikh ran towards the players, slapped his second-choice goalkeeper Amjad Ali and ordered the rest of them to vacate the pitch. But by then, the damage was already done.
Sports minister Sarbananda Sonowal, SAI director general Jiji Thomson and International Hockey Federation president Leandro Negre were among the spectators who witnessed Pakistan’s celebrations, described as ‘distasteful’ by India captain Sardar Singh.
Later, after a volatile press conference in which Sheikh and Pakistan captain Muhammad Imran staged a walk-out, the latter’s comment that, “they (Indians) can’t even digest our win” added fuel to the fire.
The FIH ordered an immediate investigation but tournament director Wiert Doyer let them off after Sheikh issued an apology. “I spoke to the head coach of the Pakistan team, Mr Shahnaz Sheikh and told him that the behaviour of Pakistan players went beyond what is acceptable to standards of the FIH,” Doyer said in a statement.
However, he added that it was difficult to ‘find any particular miscreant’ and decided that no further action was warranted. “The behaviour in question concerned many members of the Pakistan team. It is difficult to find any particular miscreant, and it is possible that the behaviour of the players may have been a reaction. Mr Shahnaz Sheikh has apologised and assured me that this behaviour will not occur again,” Doyer said.
India’s high performance director Roelant Oltmans said: “From whatever I saw, I thought they went a bit too far,” he said. Sardar too disapproved saying: “Congrats to them for winning the match. But such celebrations are unwarranted. There were families here. The kind of gestures they did were bad. We have beaten them before but never done any such thing. It just leaves a bad taste.”

Woman found murdered athomeBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:48 am
A 24-year-old married woman was found murdered at her residence in MMRDA building at Goregaon on Saturday afternoon.
“The victim has been identified as Rubina Ashfaq Mansoori, she was staying in the MMRDA building on rent with her husband, Ashfaq and his relative. The newly married couple had moved in just two months back. On Saturday afternoon at around 3 pm, her husband came for lunch and found the door locked from outside. He opened the door and saw his wife Rubina in a pool of blood. Her throat was slit with a sharp weapon. We have sent the victim’s body for autopsy,” said Sunil Vadke, senior police inspector from Goregaon police station.
“Rubina had met her father at Behram Baug near Jogeshwari around 1.30 pm and had returned happily. We have taken the statement of Rubina’s  father. Her husband, working with auto-spare parts, had come home for lunch. Ashfaq usually comes home for lunch. We have not found any thing missing from the house. The motive is still unknown and we are investigating the matter,” added Vadke.
A case of murder has been registered with the Goregaon police against unidentified persons.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Green revolution inBhubaneswarWritten by Mihir Vasavda | Bhubaneswar |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:48 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 12:22 pm
On the eve of the semifinal, Pakistan coach Shahnaz Sheikh had summed up his side perfectly in a few words. “We either destroy others, or we destroy ourselves,” he had said. For a fleeting few moments, the former seemed true. Twice after going ahead, they conceded soft goals to keep India’s hopes of a comeback alive.
However, for a major part of the four quarters, the 7,000-odd inside the stadium will remember how the Green Shirts destroyed the Indian team with an impeccable counter-attacking game.
It was an epic clash, a true India-Pakistan classic that could have swung either way till the very end. However, as close encounters involving India generally go, a defensive lapse with a minute remaining helped Pakistan score the decisive goal and win 4-3 to set-up a final clash with Germany on Sunday. India will now take on world champions Australia in the bronze medal playoff tie.
India had their fate in their own hands. Their future in the tournament depended on whether they would rise to the occasion and continue performing the way they have, or implode under pressure. High performance director Roelant Oltmans, too, had asserted the importance of players keeping calm to ensure they execute their game-plan as desired. But all they could manage was an error-strewn performance, never managing to calm their nerves.
Oltmans admission
Oltmans would admit later that the first question he asked skipper Sardar Singh during the half time break was why the players were so nervous on the pitch. Sardar did not have an answer during the break, nor could he come up with a reasonable justification post match. “We just couldn’t execute our strategy during the first 30 minutes. May be the players got a little too excited,” a visibly shattered Sardar said.
After taking the lead in the 12th minute through a Gurjinder Singh drag-flick, the Indians just froze. They failed to get simple things right; the things that had unexpectedly helped them reach this far in this elite eight-nation tournament. They couldn’t trap the balls cleanly, the long passes faded and the players indulged in unnecessary runs, ditching the passing game that has reaped rich rewards for them.
Most importantly, they failed to address an area they knew would hurt them badly. Pakistan had shown how dangerous they are with their counter-attacks in their quarterfinals against Holland. It was an area that Oltmans had singled out before the match. Yet, the Indians failed to contain them. Shafqat Rasool and Shakeel Butt troubled the Indian defence with their pacey runs.
Arslan Qadir scored the equaliser via one such move five minutes after Gurjinder gave India the lead, deflecting in Butt’s low, hard cross past PR Sreejesh. The visitors took the lead minutes after the second half resumed after the defence failed to continued…

ET Recommendations: Gadget and appsPortronics 6-port USB Home Charger , Get it for: Rs 999
Ever run out of wall outlets to plug in your charger? Thanks to the multiple devices we all carry, this is a real problem. Portronics offers a solution in the form of this six-port USB charging station. It only needs a single connection to an AC wall outlet (100 -240V) and provides six USB ports with 1 AMP output each.
You can use it to simultaneously charge up to six devices such as cellphones, tablets, MP3 players, portable game consoles, e-readers and cameras. You have to use your own cables of course, but it is a boon while travelling because it saves you the hassle of carrying multiple chargers. The online price is closer to Rs 600 which makes it more of a good deal. Highly recommended for multi-gadget households.
App for Android
Holaa!. Get it for: Free
Holaa! is a new app that aims to be a global telephone directory similar to Truecaller but with more features. Once you install the app, it verifies your phone number and gives you the option to upload your phonebook to the Holaa! servers — if you are concerned about privacy, you can cancel the upload request.
After the initial setup, a notification window automatically pops up for any incoming /outgoing call with details of contact name, photo and location.
The interface is colourful and easy to understand. By default, the app shows a full-screen popup window replacing your default call screen — you can disable this from the settings. A popup box also appears after each call with the option to add or block the unknown number.
You can also search for a particular number from within the app, manage a blacklist and sync your social media account to get additional contacts. At the moment, it does not match the contact database of Truecaller, so don't expect it to recognise all incoming numbers. But it's worth a try if you want something different.
App for Android
God of Light. Get it for: Free
God of Light is a puzzle game in which you join Shiny, the mascot, to bend light using mirrors and collect crystals along the way. It sounds complicated but it really isn't. Shiny is the light source and you need to rotate the various mirror-like objects in the path of the light beam so that it reaches the target.
Each level starts out in darkness and gets illuminated as you progress — in a sense, the level is lit by the light you bend. It's slow, calming and features some excellent graphics and music (by electronic music creator UNKLE).
The first world (Celestial Tree) is free to play — to continue playing through all the worlds, you need to either collect enough Fireflies (you will have to watch a lot of ads and it's probably not worth the time you spend on it) or pay `122 for the full version of the game using an in-app purchase.

Let India make cheap drugsLet India make cheap drugs
John Dingell  longest serving congressman  fracturs hip in fallBy Ed O'Keefe December 13, 2014 Follow @edatpost
Rep. John D. Dingell (D-Mich) listens to testimony during a House committee hearing in June 2013. (Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
Retiring Rep. John Dingell (D-Mich.) -- the longest-serving member of Congress in U.S. history -- has a fractured hip and faces a long recovery.
Debbie Dingell, the lawmaker's wife and who is set to succeed him next month, used a Facebook post to friends and supporters on Saturday to announce that the congressman has a hairline hip fracture that won't require surgery.
"John and I have always been straight on what is happening and will admit it has been a rough 24 hours," she wrote. "Everyone knows how stubborn he is and by sheer grit and determination he wasn't going to miss his last days in the House of Representatives especially on issues of such vital importance to everyone, but he hasn't been well."
"We are in the process of figuring things out but it will be a few weeks before [doctors] will allow him to travel," she added.
The 88-year old Dingell cast his final vote as a congressman Thursday night, receiving a raucous standing ovation from colleagues before doing so. Lawmakers took pictures as Dingell slid his voting card into one of the chamber's dozens of slots where lawmakers cast votes; he then shook the hands of dozens of colleague who wished him well.
Dingell has served in the House for 59 years and was first elected in 1955 to succeed his late father.
Ed O’Keefe is a congressional reporter with The Washington Post and covered the 2008 and 2012 presidential and congressional elections.

Gujarat HC refuses to quash case against PepsicoGujarat HC refuses to quash case against Pepsico
It is very difficult to answer your message. wait and see the movement...Source:The Hindu:------
Coal Minister Piyush Goyal said the bill did not seek de-nationalisation of coal mines.
A bill seeking to replace the coal blocks allocation ordinance that unveiled the NDA government’s ambitious coal sector reforms was introduced in the Lok Sabha on Wednesday, amid strong objections from the TMC and the Left parties.
The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill 2014 was introduced by Coal Minister Piyush Goyal, who insisted that the bill did not seek de-nationalisation of coal mines.
The bill was opposed at the admission stage itself by Saugata Roy (TMC) who said it was aimed at de-nationalisation of coal mines, which were nationalised way back in 1973.
Supported by the Left parties, he said the legislation nullified the Coal Mines Nationalisation Act of 1973 and allowed “total exploitation” of the mines and the people of the country.
The Minister said the bill had been brought in the wake of the Supreme Court decision cancelling 204 coal blocks on September 24 and resetting the agenda of coal block allocation, cancelling the allocation of these blocks.
He said the step was taken by the government to avert a crisis in power generation and rendering lakhs of workers jobless. Thousands of crores of bank funds would also have turned into “stressed assets” or NPAs.
Therefore, the government promulgated Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014 in October to facilitate auctioning of the cancelled coal blocks. “The bill does not seek to de-nationalise coal mines,” Mr. Goyal said in response to the charge made by Mr. Roy and Left members.
The Statement of Objects and Reasons of the bill said it provided for allocation of coal mines and vesting of the right, title and interest in and over the land and mine infrastructure, together with mining leases, to successful bidders and allottees through a transparent bidding process.
This will ensure continuity in coal mining operations and production of coal. The bill prescribes the conditions to rationalise the coal sector for mining operations, consumption and sale, it said.
4.54 PM Dec 10th 2014

Why fries are in the newsWhy fries are in the news
By ET Bureau | 14 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
The Belgians say that is a bloody misnomer. Truth is the fries are a national treasure of sorts for both France and Belgium.
ET SPECIAL:
WHY IN THE WORLD FRIES?...
Because they are important for the Belgians.
WHAT'S THE CONNECTION?
Plenty actually. Belgians say they invented them.
YOU KIDDING, RIGHT? WHAT ABOUT FRENCH FRIES THEN?
The Belgians say that is a bloody misnomer. Truth is the fries are a national treasure of sorts for both France and Belgium.
SO WHY DO THE BRITISH CALL THEM CHIPS? AND AMERICANS CALL THEM FREEDOM FRIES...
The Brits have a different spin on everything. The Americans did that briefly, to protest France's refusal to back the 2003 invasion of Iraq. But let's not lose focus here.
ALRIGHT, GO ON.
Belgium blames American soldiers of World War I for the French prefix to their dish. Those guys were stationed in Wallonia in South Belgium, which is packed with Frenchspeaking folks.
NO WONDER...
Yeah, there is also the theory fries first appeared on the Pont Neuf in Paris during the French Revolution.
DUDE, YOU ARE NOT REALLY HELPING.
See, the problem is fries are actually street food for the poor. That's why it's difficult to trace its origins.
THAT WILL BE A SHOCKER TO OUR FOLKS WHO FLOCK MCDONALD'S IN THEIR BEST DRESSES AND CHOMP ON FRIES.
Yeah, only in India...
SO WHAT ARE THE BELGIANS DOING ABOUT IT?
They have banded together to give fries a Unesco world heritage status.
HMMM. AND TO THINK WE GIVE GRIEF TO OUR POOR RIGHT-WING CHAPPIES...
Hey, where is the connection?
IF THE BELGIANS CAN STAKE CLAIM TO FRIES, WHY CAN'T WE DO THE SAME WITH PLASTIC SURGERY AND GENETIC SCIENCE THAT WERE PREVALENT IN ANCIENT INDIA?
Dude, I am speechless.
MAY THE FORCE BE WITH THEM.
What?

He knew the Quran by heart  often gave us lessons:ParentsWritten by Subrata Nagchowdhury | Kolkata |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:27 am
“I feared the worst when our son stopped responding to calls shortly after 1 am on Saturday. When we spoke last, he told us the Bangalore Police might come any moment,” Dr Mekail Biswas, father of Mehdi Masroor Biswas , said on Saturday.
In the past 12 hours, the world of Dr Biswas and his wife Mumtaz Biswas has been turned upside down, perhaps forever. Masroor, a manufacturing executive for a multinational conglomerate based in Bangalore, was arrested on Saturday after Britain’s Channel 4 revealed him as the individual behind the pro-IS Twitter handle @ShamiWitness.
The Indian Express tracked down the Biswases on Friday night, and soon after the newspaper became available on Saturday morning, reporters from print publications and television channels descended on the family’s home in Kaikhali near Dum Dum airport. It is from them that the couple learnt that their son had been arrested.
“We were totally in the dark about our son’s alleged activities, for which he has been arrested…  We are hoping to leave for Bangalore as early as possible, but we fear that his flat will now be out of bounds. Who will accommodate the parents of a man branded a terrorist?” Dr Biswas, a 64-year-old retired assistant engineer of the West Bengal State Electricity Board who now practises as a homoeopathic doctor, told The Sunday Express.
Sources in central police agencies which have been working on the background of Masroor said on Saturday that according to their findings, Masroor was a “self motivated preacher for Islam and apparently had no mentors”.
From an analysis of the tweets allegedly posted by him on @ShamiWitness, investigators have got a preliminary impression that Masroor was “basically doing a copy-paste operation, mostly repeating stuff that had surfaced on several forums of the IS”.
These investigators said that while there was no doubt about the strong Islamic moorings of Masroor, no concrete evidence had emerged so far to link him to jihadi activities.
Sitting in their home north of Kolkata, Masroor’s parents appeared clueless about their son’s online identity — it seemed inconceivable to them that their well-behaved, timid, God-fearing son who liked to confine himself to his home at most times could be an aggressive jihadist propagandist who lauded the IS’s barbaric beheadings in the virtual world. The Internet is largely an alien world to them, the couple said.
“Our son is a devout Muslim,” Dr Biswas said. “He had learnt the Quran Sharif by heart, and would often give me and my wife lessons from the Holy Book. He did not know Arabic; he had learnt the English version of the Quran.”
Masroor never went to a madrasa or continued…

Accused in Agra conversion case was jailed for liquor smuggling in2001Written by Manish Sahu | Lucknow |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:22 am
Nand Kishore Valimiki, who is on the run since he was booked for alleged conversion of Muslims in Agra, had earlier been jailed for smuggling of liquor and had also been booked under Gangasters Act at Shahganj in 2001.
According to the police, Valmiki is a member in BJP’s Braj region unit and had also contested local body elections in 2012. He, however, had lost the polls.
Shahganj police station SHO Jaipal Singh said a chargesheet had been filed against Valmiki in the 2001 case and trial is on. He is currently out on bail.
In November, 2001, officials of Excise department had arrested Valmiki and two others after 264 bottles of foreign liquor — allegedly were smuggled from Rajasthan — were recovered from a car. Gangsters’ Act was also invoked against them later.
After being named in the fresh case of alleged conversion, the Agra police are now looking for his acquaintances who had filed surety for his bail in the cases of liquor smuggling and Gangsters Act. The police are also in contact with their counterparts in Rajasthan to know if any case was registered against him there too. Meanwhile, the statement of Ismail Khan who had got an FIR lodged against Valmiki has been recorded before the court. Agra SSP Shalabh Mathur said police teams are conducting raids to trace Valmiki since a non-bailable warrant was issued against him.
A resident of Sadar locality in Agra, Valmiki is married. He has been accused of facilitating alleged conversion of 57 Muslim families and faces charges under IPC sections 153 B (Imputations, assertions prejudicial to national-integration) and 415 (cheating).

Dont want a religion that only rejects us  say the Aligarh Dalits on RSSlistWritten by Pragya Kaushika | Aligrah |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:18 am
The biggest ever ‘Ghar Wapsi’ of the RSS in Aligarh is now 12 days away. Sangh affiliate Dharam Jagran Samiti has announced it will “reconvert” 4,000 Christians and 1,000 Muslim families that day.
In this city on the edge, mindful of what happened in Agra, 88 km away, there are at least 30-odd people watching that event bemused. The residents of the Dalit-dominated Haridsapur village on the city’s outskirts, they had been among those “reconverted” by Sangh activists at a similar event six months go. Their protests that they were “already Hindus” were ignored, and after the ‘Shuddhikaran’ event was over, they didn’t hear from the Dharam Jagran Samiti again. As for their status as “new Hindus”, Vishal, among those “reconverted”, says, “We know we are Dalits. Everyone treats us as outcastes even now.”
The RSS local unit claims to have carried out approximately 40,000 “reconversions” in and around Aligarh, including 2,000 Muslims. Haridaspur is among the areas on its wishlist for Ghar Wapsi on December 25 this year too.
It were Vishal’s brother and his sister-in-law Geeta who had hosted the ‘Hindu hawan’ in Haridaspur. “It was later that they told us it was a reconversion hawan. Hum Dalit hain, ab tak to yahi pata tha. Yeh aaye aur bole Hindu hawan hai, baithna hai (Till then, we only knew we were Dalits… They came, said it was a Hindu hawan and we had to participate). Around seven-eight of us Dalit families were there,” says Bimlesh, Geeta’s brother.
The Samiti claimed at the time that it was bringing “Christians” back into Hinduism. Vishal laughs at this. “There was no such conversion to Christianity. Geeta’s daughter who studies in a Christian school had just started wearing a cross for fun.”
An angry Bimlesh says the RSS outfit had even splashed their photographs across newspapers. “The girl’s cross too was photographed.”
Haridaspur’s population of roughly 2,000 lives in mostly kuchcha structures and survives on odd jobs such as brick laying and rearing pigs. The only structure that stands out is a Church-run, English-medium school, which is also facing RSS ire.
On Thursday, the Dharam Jagran Samiti was in another part of Aligarh, in a narrow lane off one of the city’s upmarket areas, looking for “lost brothers” to “reconvert” on December 25.
Their target was a small colony called Khwarsi. Like Haridaspur, it also has mostly Dalits, some of whom admit to having converted to Christianity.
A 45-year-old who has now attached “Messi” to his name says he got baptised with his family three years ago. Messi’s house, painted in bright green and pink, pales before a much-larger orange-yellow house next door. Pointing to the house, he says, it belongs to “upper castes who continued…

Which B wood star has the most no of Twitter...Which Bollywood star has the most number of followers on Twitter?
By ET Bureau | 14 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
Check out which bollywood star has most number of followers & who is the most active on Twitter. The ranking is based on popularity & engagement. 
ET SPECIAL:
Which Bollywood star has the most number of followers? Who is the most active? A ranking based on popularity and engagement:
Most active figs indicate the number of tweets per day:
Amitabh Bachchan: 20
Highest gainer (figures in lakhs)
Aamir Khan: 45.79
Deepika Padukone: 34.94
(Figs indicate increase in the number of followers from 2013 to 2014)
Methodology: The ranking, done by To The New, is based on two parameters - popularity and engagement. Popularity is measured by the total number of followers and the increase in the number of followers in the last one year.
Engagement is measured in terms of the number of tweets per day that include replies and re-tweets. The report analyses the Twitter content basis the last 100 tweets of the celebrities during the period ended November 14, 2014.

Sunny Leone most searched celebrity in 20142014 Year in Review
20 Most-Searched Celebrities on Yahoo India
Of the 20 most-searched personalities on Yahoo India, most of them were from Bollywood, while luminaries from the world politics and sports took a backseat. While Prime Minister Narendra Modi was the most-searched politician, followed by Aam Aadmi Party leader Arvind Kejriwal, Congress party vice president Rahul Gandhi, jailed former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor.
Among sportspersons, cricketer Virat Kohli was the most-searched on Yahoo, followed by Formula 1 great Michael Schumacher and tennis beauty Maria Sharapova. Bollywood, however, continued to rule the roost. Here are the top 20 most-searched celebrities on Yahoo India (the list does not include politicians or sportspersons):
Sunny Leone
- Actress and reality TV host Sunny Leone was the most-searched celebrity on the Net in 2014 on Yahoo India. The Indo-Canadian former adult movie star made a hat trick by becoming the ... more 
Sunny Leone
- Actress and reality TV host Sunny Leone was the most-searched celebrity on the Net in 2014 on Yahoo India. The Indo-Canadian former adult movie star made a hat trick by becoming the biggest favourite of Indian netizens third year in a row. She beat all of Bollywood’s leading ladies in this race. less 
1 / 20
Yahoo India | Photo by IANS
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:30 PM IST

Defense Satellite Launches From California CoastAsk Ashley Tisdale a Question
Jan. 1, 2007
During "Good Morning America's" Winter Concert Series, we want you to interview the artists. Submit your question by filling out the form below, and make sure to tune in to "GMA" on the day of the show to see if Diane, Robin, Chris and Sam ask your question on-air.
You may be contacted by ABC News for clarification.
Name:

Oil freefall gives Dow worst week since 2011Oil freefall gives Dow worst week since 2011
Iip down to negative due to high interest rate....get ready for bloodb...Platinum Member
98 Followers
nandi from what i could find the reason  behind london fall was its over dependency on oil and china data and a possible  greece exit did the remaining work. from what i see the start of this problem solving should be by curtailing oil production. this over supply is killing everybody
In reply to : nandi011235 message
11.28 AM Dec 14th 2014   |         |   Rated by

To attend daughters wedding  Godhra convict gets one-day parole fromHCWritten by Kumar Anand | Vadodara |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:29 am
The Gujarat High Court relaxed the parole condition of Bilal Haji, a death row convict in the 2002 Godhra train burning case who is lodged at Vadodara central jail, to perform his daughter’s marriage on Friday which had been stalled earlier. The High Court has decided to ease the tough monetary condition for granting bail and granted him one-day parole on  compassionate grounds.
After obtaining one-day parole, he attended the marriage of his daughter on Friday. Earlier, Haji had cancelled the wedding of his daughter scheduled late last month after he expressed his inability to pay for police protection during the two-day parole, a condition added as a repercussion of the parole jump by another death row convict, Salim Zarda, who continues to evade police net nearly a month after he escaped while on parole. Haji is among two dozen convicts in the case who have been granted parole by the HC since January this year.
Incidentally, three other Godhra convicts who sought parole this week have been asked to deposit Rs 1.45 lakh and also bear the cost of police protection during their week-long parole, which their family members said were financially tough conditions that they were not in a position to fulfil. They continue to suffer the consequence of the parole jump by Zarda, who police alleged participated in a highway loot while on parole last month.
Convicts who have applied for parole this week include Bilal Badam, Ayub Patriya and Shaukat Badam. Badam, who had recently visited Godhra after his mother died, was attacked by anti-social elements and left injured. He failed to complete the last rites of his mother and again applied for parole to complete it.
“While the court granted him a week’s parole, it has imposed strict monitary condition of depositing Rs 1.45 lakh which is not feasible. We are not in a situation where we can deposit such a huge amount as security money and also bear the cost of police protection,” Badam’s wife, Nafisa Badam said.
Badam’s brother, Shaukat Badam, has also been granted bail on similar condition. Badam and his three brothers are facing life term for the burning of Godhra train in which 59 persons were charred to death. Another convict, Ayub Pataliya, has also been asked to fulfil similar conditions. Pataliya had sought bail to meet an ailing relative. All three are facing life sentence, along with 17 others lodged at Vadodara central jail. Eleven others are facing death sentence even as confirmation hearing of their death sentence is on in the HC.

Trinamool minister Madan Mitra in CBI custody  he tells court order to arrest him came fromDelhiWritten by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:29 am
There was violence in Kolkata’s Alipore court complex after West Bengal minister Madan Mitra was remanded in CBI custody for three days in connection with the Saradha chit fund scam on Saturday.
Trinamool Congress supporters attacked CBI vehicles, smashed glass and threw stones. In the city, waves of protesters put up roadblocks and took out rallies.
Mitra was arrested by the CBI after five hours of interrogation on Friday, the most high-profile arrest so far in the investigation.
At a rally at Esplanade, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee alleged “The CBI has become a front organisation of the BJP, and is functioning like the RSS. It has become a slave of the BJP government.” The CBI should be disbanded, she said.
In the court of the judicial magistrate, Mitra alleged he was arrested “following orders from Delhi”.
He told a packed courtroom: “I was called by the CBI on the 17th. I was in hospital then, and told them I would go once I was discharged. I kept my promise. All was well until 4.30 pm, when I was offered a cup of tea. They (CBI) said they would record my statement. All of a sudden, a person came along, and they said that they had got orders from Delhi, and they would have to arrest me.”
Seeking Mitra’s custody, CBI told the court that it needed to question him in view of his involvement in the “larger conspiracy” behind the Saradha scam. Defence lawyers vehemently opposed the argument.
Mitra arrived for the nearly two-and-a-half-hour hearing in a purple kurta and shawl after spending the night at the Salt Lake Electronics Complex police station. He was seen nodding off during the hearing.
Hundreds of lawyers from the Alipore and Bankshal courts led by Baiswanar Chatterjee, chief of the TMC’s legal cell, thronged the court complex, and mounted a verbal attack against the central government and CBI. Chatterjee called the arrest a “political conspiracy”.
The lawyers also demanded a ban on reporting the proceedings. “CBI and media are together in the conspiracy,” they shouted, alleging a “trial by media”.
As Mitra was being led away, TMC supporters attempted to break the police cordon. In the vandalism and stone-throwing that followed, some policemen were injured.
At the CBI office, Mitra told reporters, “I am being framed. I am a victim of a political conspiracy. I have nothing to say other than what the Chief Minister has already said.”
In Bhowanipore, Mitra’s stronghold, TMC cadres did not allow shops to open, and hawkers were asked to join the protest rally. The TMC youth wing blocked railway lines at Basirhat for two hours.
Road blockades were reported from Taki and Kamarhati in North 24-Parganas, and from Burdwan, Howrah and several other places.

http://t.in.com/4nacSave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The size of domestic consumer electronics and durables, or white goods, market may touch Rs 52,000 crore by 2015 on account of rising demand for these goods, particularly among youngsters, a study by industry body Assocham has said.
At present, the consumer electronics and durables industry is estimated at about Rs 34,000 crore, it said. "The demand for consumer electronics and durables is driven by growing popularity of these goods among young population coupled with rising disposable incomes," Assocham Secretary General D S Rawat said.
Besides, easy availability of finance options, growing consumer electronics' retail stores and online retail industry are also fuelling the demand for these products, he said.
The country's consumer electronics and durables market is divided into three segments - white goods (ACs and refrigerators), brown goods (microwaves, juicers and iron) and consumer electronics (TV sets, laptops, cellphones and other electronic accessories), the study added.
The easy availability of finance options, growing prominence of consumer electronics retail stores and online retail industry are also fuelling the demand in this industry, Rawat said.
The consumer durables and electronics market in rural and semi-urban areas account for about 40 per cent of the overall market and is growing at about 30 percent CAGR, the study said.
The global consumer electronics and durables industry is growing at about 10 per cent CAGR and is currently estimated at about Rs 16 trillion. It is likely to cross Rs 21 trillion mark by 2015, it added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Tukkaji ko pyar bara namaskarCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Grand Canyon Filled With Clouds In Rare Weather EventGrand Canyon Filled With Clouds In Rare Weather Event
Posted:
GRAND CANYON NATIONAL PARK, Ariz. (AP) — A rare weather phenomenon at the Grand Canyon had visitors looking out on a sea of thick clouds just below the rim.
The total cloud inversion is expected to hang inside the canyon throughout Thursday.
Cory Mottice of the National Weather Service says the weather event happens about once every several years, though the landmark was treated to one last year.
The fog that has been shrouding parts of northern Arizona is courtesy of recent rains. Mottice says the fog is able to stick around and built up in the Grand Canyon overnight when there is no wind.
With an inversion, the clouds are forced down by warm air and unable to rise.
Mottice says the Grand Canyon gradually will clear up in the coming days.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Talk  or the whole region will suffer: Pakistan delegationNEW DELHI, December 13, 2014
Updated: December 13, 2014 04:47 IST
Talk, or the whole region will suffer: Pakistan delegation
Dinakar Peri
Tweet
The Hindu
A parliamentary delegation from Pakistan with Congress MP Mani Shankar Aiyar at the Parliament House in New Delhi on Friday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
India-Pakistan
There is a negative view of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Pakistan, according to Awais Khan Leghari, Member of Pakistan’s National Assembly.
“What else can you expect when our Prime Minister is speaking at SAARC and the Indian Prime Minister is looking at a brochure,” Mr. Leghari told The-Hindu here on Friday.
Mr. Leghari is leading a 12-member Pakistani Parliamentary delegation to India for the sixth round of Pakistan-India Parliamentary Dialogue, an initiative by the Pakistan Institute of Legislative Development and Transparency, being held here.
The Dialogue was co-chaired by Mr. Leghari, from the Pakistani side and Mr. Mani Shankar Aiyar, senior Congress leader and Rajya Sabha member, from India. The Indian side had 25 participants.
‘Something wrong on Indian side’
Responding to questions, Mr. Leghari said there was something wrong on the Indian side with respect to talks. “Nawaz Sharif has always been ready to talk. Talks for talks are necessary,” he said.
“We have a strong appetite for improving relations and peace, but talks are not a concession from Pakistan. Talk if you want to or else the whole region will suffer.”
Mr. Leghari said he was surprised that Mr. Modi’s no-talks stance had found resonance among the articulate section of the Indian society. He felt there was a degradation in relations between the two countries since Mr. Modi came to power.
Briefing journalists, Mr. Aiyar said: “We had two productive days of interactions between the two sides. The talks come at a time when our relations are at their lowest. I would like to highlight that the dialogue was brutal and candid in terms of expressing views.”

REFILE-UPDATE 1-UN climate talks risk collapse as China clashes with U.S.REFILE-UPDATE 1-UN climate talks risk collapse as China clashes with U.S.
Does endorsement from multiple celebrities at the same time help a brandDoes endorsement from multiple celebrities at the same time help a brand?
Ishani Duttagupta, ET Bureau Dec 14, 2014, 03.14AM IST
Tags:
Aishwarya Rai
(Though TAG Heuer currently…)
Recently, Swiss luxury watch brand TAG Heuer roped in Bollywood heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor as its brand ambassador. Nothing unusual about that, considering Ranbir endorses major brands such as Panasonic and Nissan; and TAG is known for opting for the best of Hollywood and Bollywood to back its label. To be sure, the brand has had stars from Steve McQueen and Uma Thurman to Leonardo DiCaprio and Brad Pitt.
Except that never has more than one film celebrity endorsed TAG at the same time. Currently, Cameron Diaz is the only actor on the brand's endorsement list — the rest are largely sportspersons, including Cristiano Ronaldo and Maria Sharapova. TAG annually changes its ambassadors, replacing older ones with fresher faces. For example, before Diaz came on board in 2012, Leonardo DiCaprio was the Hollywood face of TAG.
In Different Zone
India, though, may be an aberration — at least as things stand now — with two Bollywood superstars promoting the Swiss luxury label. Along with the 32-year-old Kapoor, there's also Shah Rukh Khan (SRK), now 49, who has been TAG's ambassador since 2003. The obvious question then: is the brand ambassadors' version of succession planning playing out at TAG in India? After all, it has happened in other categories; around five years back, Pepsi ended its decade-long associations with the likes of SRK and Sachin Tendulkar to bring on younger ambassadors. And, guess who led that youth brigade? Ranbir Kapoor!
TAG Heuer, for its part, denies that it is going down the same road. "Bringing the two biggest stars of Bollywood together is not just the first for our segment, it's also a first for us globally. As a company, it's in our DNA to break the rules and we wanted to bring together both the biggest names in Bollywood today — SRK and Ranbir Kapoor — to communicate our leadership," explains Puneet Sewra, marketing director, TAG Heuer.
Sewra adds that there are no plans to replace SRK, who has been a TAG brand ambassador for over a decade, with Ranbir, currently the hottest young gun of Bollywood. "Ranbir is not replacing SRK, and there's no clash between the two. Through Ranbir Kapoor, we are reaching out to young consumers in the 18-25 age bracket; in many ways both our brand ambassadors represent the same kind of values in their Bollywood career, of doing things differently and both have played anti-hero roles. It's about what differentiates the two of them and not about their age."
He also points out that the fact that India is the only country with two brand ambassadors from the film world points to the confidence TAG has in the Indian market. Brand gurus, however, are not as convinced, and find it difficult to concede that age has nothing to do with the brand appeal of a celebrity — even if the person in question is SRK.
"There are indeed very subliminal but robust ways of putting succession planning into place in the brand-endorsement space and it's a great thing to do really. In cases where the current brand ambassador was losing sheen in his/her space of work, be it cinema or cricket or whatever, a second and third face become a way of gradual succession planning," brand consultant Harish Bijoor told ET Magazine.
 
Happy Coexisting
And how does the new ambassador on the block himself see the situation? "I have grown up watching Mr Shah Rukh Khan's movies and his work has always inspired me. He was part of the TAG campaign for many years and it was so cool for me to wear a watch that he wears; and now to wear it with him is a dream come true," Ranbir Kapoor told ET Magazine in an exclusive interview while launching the brand's new campaign 'Don't Crack Under Pressure'.
Ranbir adds that he is careful when choosing brands to associate with and has often rejected offers. "Like my movies, my brands are my identity and people start identifying me with them. I will only become the face of those products that I use and love in my own life. It's important because the companies are talking to their target audience through me and I have to be sensitive to them."
Though TAG Heuer currently doesn't have any plans of featuring both its brand ambassadors together in any of its promos, Ranbir says he would love to be in the same frame with SRK. "It would be a dream come true — to do something with both TAG Heuer and Mr Khan. In fact, to work together in any capacity with him would be a dream come true." What's clear is that today SRK and Ranbir are pretty much at the top of the heap in terms of star value. US consultancy American Appraisal, which recently conducted India's first celebrity brand valuation study, found that amongst Bollywood stars only SRK and Ranbir have valuations north of $100 million.

Raje government announces projects galore on first anniversaryRaje government announces projects galore on first anniversary
That means if jp goes dwn then u r the one responsible for my loss.lol...69 Followers
Reposted about 17 days 13 hrs 41 min 11 sec ago by Prerna Singh
Shwetaji, you`ve ignored my advise of NOT averaging... I hope you`ll not regret it later.... Let`s hope for all our sakes that JPA does move above 28; then we cn look fwd to 34 plus levels..
In reply to : shweta6375 message
11.31 AM Dec 14th 2014

All psu`s have great value....buy at the right time...hold....you will...Platinum Member
738 Followers
all psu`s have great value....buy at the right time...hold....you will surely make good money.................I had warned and cautioned one week ago that market will correct. it has started and will continue to slide.parliament session closing on 23 dec, Postponement of GST .....insurance bill in limbo , no respite in falling IIP data , ...wait for further fall before you start accumulateing fallen jewels like:::::::: Jindal saw, om metals , marico kaya , delta corp , wockhardt -must buy, dolhin off, ador font, canara bank , BOI , tata steel, REC ,Empire Inds, B&A ltd-must buy , TRF, MMTC , Century text , Mah Seamless, Fore Motors, shalimar paints , ashapura mining, Morganite Cruc-must buy , Themis-must buy , GRP, ISGEC, century text ,CARE , empire inds , force motors, ISGEC , etc......goodluck
In reply to : dipu_1990 message
5.59 AM Dec 14th 2014

Ok...thanks.....i will make my brief study and then enter buying it......Platinum Member
738 Followers
yeah....but keep in mind that the companys sales and OPM figures will improve considerably in the next 1 to 2 years...so all these are positive steps.....buy and hold in evey correction...you will see 250 to 350 levsls in less than a year....also look to accumulate other jewels like :::::::::Triton valves, marico kaya , om metals , marksans , TRF , GRP Ltd , Themis , B&A Ltd -must buy , Wockhardt , delta corp , dolphin off, ador font , Force Motors, Falcon Tryres, etc............goodluck.
In reply to : Guest message
6.30 PM Dec 8th 2014

My dear friend keep away from anil ambani stocks....if you want to inv...Platinum Member
738 Followers
My dear friend keep away from anil ambani stocks....if you want to invets in power stock then buy tata power...its a quality stock.....and other jewels that i suggest are REC , tata steel , jindal saw-must , om metals , wockhardt , care , empire inds.....etc........etc......there are several more.....whenever the mkt corrects keep accumulating small qty........and hold them...next years your returns will be upwards of 100%.........200%......300%.......for sure......chooose what is best for you.......goodluck....and godbless.......!!!!!
In reply to : agrawalknath message
5.51 AM Dec 14th 2014

Amendments to Electricity Act: Modi govt s reforms seem to be a mixed blessingCentral Electricity Regulatory Commission
(The government is all set…)
The Narendra Modi government has been criticised in the last few months for not going about with reforms as enthusiastically as hoped but, in one sector, at least, expect major changes. Continuing an initiative held over from the previous regime, the NDA cabinet earlier this week, passed big changes to the Electricity Act, the main law which governs the economics of the sector.
If passed by Parliament, consumers could get the choice to buy power from companies of their choice rather than being tied to a single provider as is the case in most states. At the same time though, this could accelerate a process by which state utilities' losses deepen, imposing a heavy fiscal burden on their parent governments.
Experts that ET Magazine spoke to had mixed reactions about the changes. Surya P Sethi, a former principal advisor on power to earlier governments, hailed the reforms as 'essential for competition'. While arguing that the Act had been poorly implemented so far, he said: "I am glad this is being done now. Better late than never." Others were more circumspect.
Says Ashwini Chitnis, a senior research associate at Prayas Energy Group, a non-profit organisation looking at energy sector policy issues. "The amendments aim at making fundamental changes to the sector structure and organisation, but it is not clear how these changes will help in tackling issues such as state utility losses, rising tariffs, fuel availability problems, and poor quality of service ."
Moving Reforms Along
In the first set of reforms starting in the mid-90s, a major aim was to split existing power companies into separate parts, each focused on generating power, transmitting it, or distributing it to the end consumer. This enabled distribution companies to buy power in the open market, from generators across the country, rather than from companies owned by the state of which they were a part.
"What possibly the government wants to do is actually take that one step forward. What the reforms aim to do is replicate this freedom for the end consumer as well," says Sushanta K Chatterjee, head of regulatory affairs at the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC), the apex regulator for the power sector.
Even in the current regime, the socalled open access is allowed for larger consumers with a load of 1 MW and above. A factory in Gurgaon for instance can, in theory, at least, buy power from any provider in the country, or even from a short-term power market such as IEX at a lower rate, rather than from the default distributor which, in most cases, is owned by the state government.
But open access never really took off for one simple reason: the biggest loser in this deal — the default distributor — was also the one that controlled the wires leading to the customer. The company that controlled the pipes was entitled to a surcharge for allowing its infrastructure to be used to supply power — and while the surcharge was regulated, it was often set very high, making any open access deal financially unviable. While power sector regulators in each state were in theory independent and could set such surcharges at a level that was competitive, in many cases they did not and were heavily under the influence of the state government, which also happened to be the parent of the distribution company in question.
 
But even apart from the surcharges, the state government had effective control over the transmission infrastructure within the state boundaries and could simply block any flow of power to an open access buyer from the seller. "A big problem was that the state-owned incumbent blocked access to market to competitors — through influence over the network operator as also state regulators imposing very high cross-subsidy surcharge and additional surcharge on open access — both being owned by the state government," says Amit Kapur, partner with J Sagar Associates, a law firm.
What the new reforms aim to do is to take the physical wire network and move that into a separate company for a given region or area (say, south Delhi or north Mumbai). Within a given area, multiple distribution companies would be licenced to operate and offer power to consumers, with all of them having the right to supply power to a given consumer, while paying a set, common fee to the company which now owns the wires.
By separating 'carriage' and 'content' this way, the Act aims to level the playing field between an existing supplier in any area who also happens to own the pipes, and challengers who want to enter with cheaper costs and power contracts but are hampered from doing so because of the costs of building an entire network. Your local distribution company will then be only responsible for billing you for the power you used, and collecting money.
Will it Work?

Modi s 200 days: FM best performer   Make in India  promisingArun Jaitley
(The finance minister has…)
The finance minister has been the most impressive among his Cabinet colleagues in the past 200 days. Make in India trumps other government initiatives like Swachh Bharat and Smart Cities, the disbanding of the Planning Commission is touted as the most significant policy reform and prime minister Modi's visit to the United States is perceived to be the most successful of all his foreign trips.
Those are the findings of an ET Magazine poll to which some 6,775 visitors to economictimes.indiatimes.com responded between December 10 and 12.
Jaitley clearly has begun well, with a little over half of the respondents voting for him as the best-performing minister so far.
Piyush Goyal, minister of state with independent charge for power, coal and new and renewable energy, and Nirmala Sitharaman, minister of state (independent charge) for ministry of commerce and industry as well as minister of state for finance and corporate affairs, are a distant second and third, respectively.
Jaitley also gets a fair bit of support for his — and the BJP-led government's — crusade to bring back money from overseas; only 23% feel the government won't succeed in this endeavour whilst 44% are optimistic (the rest aren't sure).
Replacing the Planning Commission with a new body and increasing FDI limits in critical sectors are the reforms that have impressed the respondents the most.
Surprisingly, the relaunch of the savings scheme Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP) isn't really a big hit, with only 6% of the respondents seeing it as significant; perhaps many of them agree with the Congress view that KVPs could be used to launder black money.
The good news for the embattled Congress is that the party is still being considered the most effective Opposition. Well, the recent 'slips-of-tongue' in Parliament by the ruling party may be doing their bit to help the Grand Old Party get its mojo back.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Conservatives Draw Out Senate Wrangling Over Budget Bill...Conservatives Draw Out Senate Wrangling Over Budget Bill...
Germany s Christmas markets in full swing(Trees laden with bright…)
By Anita Rao-Kashi
Mild strains of lilting music filled the air. A weak sun failed miserably to counter the temperature which hovered in the mid single digits. But the lively music succeeded where the sun failed and lent an element of warmth and cheer. The notes seemed familiar but the words were different so I couldn't immediately recognise them and headed in the direction from which they were coming.
I walked along an avenue lined with trees that had turned a stunning golden yellow and crossed a bridge over the river Oos. It was more of a gently flowing brook lined with tall trees sporting almost all the autumn colours while a thick bed of brown leaves lay on the sloping banks. I was in the spa town of Baden-Baden, in southwest Germany, and the scene seemed like a picture-postcard.
The music was growing steadily; I crossed the bridge, rounded a corner and came face to face with the source: a brightly lit carousel done in brilliant colours. Gleeful children, clothed in bright coloured woollens, all rosy-cheeked, flew around on galloping horses with painted elves. In a flash, the song came to me: it was "Rudolph the Red-nosed Reindeer", but in German. Christmas was more than a couple of weeks away, but Germany's Christmas markets were in full swing.
The carousel was at one end of the market set up in a sprawling square in front of the Kurhaus, a grand structure with towering Corinthian columns housing the famous casino, located at the start of the Lichtentaler Allee, a 350-year-old, 3-kmlong avenue of parks and gardens. The carousel faced rows of stalls selling children's treats such as gingerbread, cookies, popcorn, fairy floss and toys.
Further up were many more stalls, but I still had a couple of hours of daylight so I wandered into the old town towards Leopoldsplatz, the main town square from where roads ran off in many directions. The roads were dotted with trees draped in twinkling lights and housed beautifully lit stores from which Christmas carols blared.
Past the main street, I spied a little plaque to Nikolai Gogol and a bust of Fyodor Dostoyevsky, pointing to the town's history and continued connections with Russia. I was brought up short by a towering medieval-style statue of Otto von Bismarck, the 19th century German statesman who was a frequent visitor to Baden Baden.
Another compelling Russian connection was the Faberge Museum on Sophienstrasse, displaying three floors of invaluable objects mainly produced by Carl Faberge. The highlight however were four of his famous eggs, of which the jade and diamond one and pink enamel one were captivating. En route, I was tempted to indulge in a session at the Friedrichsbad, an ancient Roman bath set amidst historic structures with a combination of thermal and steam baths. But it was getting dark and the Christmas markets were more alluring.
Entering a Fairy Land At the entrance from Goetheplatz, I bought a paper-cone full of roasted chestnuts, seduced by the wafting aroma and because nothing screamed Christmas in Europe more than this seasonal delicacy. I wandered around the rows of stalls in the market, strung with pretty lights interspersed with trees laden with bright red balls, streamers and figurines of Santa Claus, reindeer and elves. For a moment I felt I had been transported to fairy land.
The market had stores selling wooden, ceramic and plaster figurines and dolls, chimes and dreamcatchers, jewellery, pottery and knick-knacks. But these were generously interspersed with food and wine stalls selling mulled wine, German sausages and flammkuchen (a kind of thin-crust pizza).
At one end of the market, children were enamoured of tame animals in a petting zoo. An avenue had also been set up with backlit images painted by the local children.
There was music everywhere but I was drawn to the central open-air stage with a live orchestra. I gravitated towards it, clutching a glass of white mulled wine spiced with cinnamon and cloves served in a deep blue ceramic mug, and a plump currywurst, while "Silent Night" and other tunes washed over me.
  The cheery atmosphere of Baden-Baden's Christmas markets was replicated a bit at Stuttgart's but there was so much that was different. Set up near the Schlossplatz, the city's main square and running right up to Konigstrasse, the stalls were elaborately made up and had a great many details, especially on the roofs.
In pic: Trees draped in twinkling lights at Baden-Baden Christmas market
The nativity scene was the most repeated but had stiff competition from Santa Claus with his sledge and reindeer, snow-covered scenery, windmills and wooden nutcracker figures.
Old vs New
Behind the markets, the 14th century Altes Schloss (old castle) built in Renaissance style and the 18th century baroque Neues Schloss (new castle) seemed to look on indulgently at the festive air.

Electricity Act: Modi s reforms a mixed bles...Central Electricity Regulatory Commission
(The government is all set…)
The Narendra Modi government has been criticised in the last few months for not going about with reforms as enthusiastically as hoped but, in one sector, at least, expect major changes. Continuing an initiative held over from the previous regime, the NDA cabinet earlier this week, passed big changes to the Electricity Act, the main law which governs the economics of the sector.
If passed by Parliament, consumers could get the choice to buy power from companies of their choice rather than being tied to a single provider as is the case in most states. At the same time though, this could accelerate a process by which state utilities' losses deepen, imposing a heavy fiscal burden on their parent governments.
Experts that ET Magazine spoke to had mixed reactions about the changes. Surya P Sethi, a former principal advisor on power to earlier governments, hailed the reforms as 'essential for competition'. While arguing that the Act had been poorly implemented so far, he said: "I am glad this is being done now. Better late than never." Others were more circumspect.
Says Ashwini Chitnis, a senior research associate at Prayas Energy Group, a non-profit organisation looking at energy sector policy issues. "The amendments aim at making fundamental changes to the sector structure and organisation, but it is not clear how these changes will help in tackling issues such as state utility losses, rising tariffs, fuel availability problems, and poor quality of service ."
Moving Reforms Along
In the first set of reforms starting in the mid-90s, a major aim was to split existing power companies into separate parts, each focused on generating power, transmitting it, or distributing it to the end consumer. This enabled distribution companies to buy power in the open market, from generators across the country, rather than from companies owned by the state of which they were a part.
"What possibly the government wants to do is actually take that one step forward. What the reforms aim to do is replicate this freedom for the end consumer as well," says Sushanta K Chatterjee, head of regulatory affairs at the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC), the apex regulator for the power sector.
Even in the current regime, the socalled open access is allowed for larger consumers with a load of 1 MW and above. A factory in Gurgaon for instance can, in theory, at least, buy power from any provider in the country, or even from a short-term power market such as IEX at a lower rate, rather than from the default distributor which, in most cases, is owned by the state government.
But open access never really took off for one simple reason: the biggest loser in this deal — the default distributor — was also the one that controlled the wires leading to the customer. The company that controlled the pipes was entitled to a surcharge for allowing its infrastructure to be used to supply power — and while the surcharge was regulated, it was often set very high, making any open access deal financially unviable. While power sector regulators in each state were in theory independent and could set such surcharges at a level that was competitive, in many cases they did not and were heavily under the influence of the state government, which also happened to be the parent of the distribution company in question.
 
But even apart from the surcharges, the state government had effective control over the transmission infrastructure within the state boundaries and could simply block any flow of power to an open access buyer from the seller. "A big problem was that the state-owned incumbent blocked access to market to competitors — through influence over the network operator as also state regulators imposing very high cross-subsidy surcharge and additional surcharge on open access — both being owned by the state government," says Amit Kapur, partner with J Sagar Associates, a law firm.
What the new reforms aim to do is to take the physical wire network and move that into a separate company for a given region or area (say, south Delhi or north Mumbai). Within a given area, multiple distribution companies would be licenced to operate and offer power to consumers, with all of them having the right to supply power to a given consumer, while paying a set, common fee to the company which now owns the wires.
By separating 'carriage' and 'content' this way, the Act aims to level the playing field between an existing supplier in any area who also happens to own the pipes, and challengers who want to enter with cheaper costs and power contracts but are hampered from doing so because of the costs of building an entire network. Your local distribution company will then be only responsible for billing you for the power you used, and collecting money.
Will it Work?

A look into bird hits and near misses in avi...You are here: Home > Collections > Aircraft
A look into bird hits and near misses in aviation sector
Dec 14, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
(Bird hits can damage aircraft…)
Aircraft crashes mercifully tend to be rare, but that's not to say aviation is incident free
Bird hits can damage aircraft while 'near misses' — when two aircraft come close to colliding — highlight failures in safety processes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mehdi  ISIS s voice on Twitter  wanted to be a strategistMehdi  ISIS s voice on Twitter  wanted to be a strategist
I have been telling not to buy spicejet  just because jhunjunwala did....Gold Member
37 Followers
I have been telling not to buy Spicejet, just because Jhunjunwala did. His decision may be wrong. As I predicted earlier, Spicejet will go below Rs.10/- soon. We still don`t know the full financial position of the company. Don`t think any strategic investor will come and help revive
6.24 AM Dec 14th 2014

Hope you have seen the views of mr ramdev agarwal on cnbc. performanc...79 Followers
if  it is junk it  become zero why rs 60
friend, if  a standalone hospital indraprastha can quote the same price as fortis, if Kovai medicare can quote ten times that number why should a debt free, IFc invested company  be a junk
I have no  brief for the singhs but would like to know   with hard facts why it should  quote at rs 600
i wish  our fellow boarders  respond with  reason
In reply to : rakesh751980 message
5.20 PM Dec 12th 2014

Though shashun pharma is medium risk stockPlatinum Member
386 Followers
dear friend ..... two stocks 0on my min d are ..... 1. nalco .....2. chemfab alkalis ..... both are debt free and good eps ..... i will invest in them and let all know on the respective msg boards ...... so visit tere and know more details ...... about nalco ..... it is a good stock but has taken a beating now price-wise ..... what is the right price to invest here i hav invested in thisone from 60 and below recently and again am an exception it is not advisable to enter here at 60 ..... right price is now at cmp if u r prepared for the underside ...... chemfab alkals is a good stock and great company ..... invest here again it has just fallen form highs now at 87 and yrly low is 67 or rather put it as below 70 but vols are poor here so difficult to get out of this one if u r invested also difference in buy and sell price is there ..... recently i diversified into 1. spice mobility and 2. ester industries ...... u can also invest here ..... its ur money and ur risk ...... i have invested in the last two stocks and am fine with them about nalco and chemfab alkali i will decide soon may be on Monday take a plunge too it depends on my calculating time for stocks like sci and psl to fall to my desired levels ...... it has to be a break-even here in stock markets with respect to stocks recovery that is the ones i sold to buy the new ones ...... am not infusing any fresh capital in he markets just using sales proceeds to invest in new ones ...... this one thing has helped me to to do better ..... hope this satisfies your kind self and will post more stocks am keen on and buy in future msgs ..... regards
In reply to : Neeta Chopra message
11.27 PM Dec 13th 2014

These stocks are expensive and i feel only for trading ..... returns w...Platinum Member
386 Followers
dear friend ..... two stocks 0on my min d are ..... 1. nalco .....2. chemfab alkalis ..... both are debt free and good eps ..... i will invest in them and let all know on the respective msg boards ...... so visit tere and know more details ...... about nalco ..... it is a good stock but has taken a beating now price-wise ..... what is the right price to invest here i hav invested in thisone from 60 and below recently and again am an exception it is not advisable to enter here at 60 ..... right price is now at cmp if u r prepared for the underside ...... chemfab alkals is a good stock and great company ..... invest here again it has just fallen form highs now at 87 and yrly low is 67 or rather put it as below 70 but vols are poor here so difficult to get out of this one if u r invested also difference in buy and sell price is there ..... recently i diversified into 1. spice mobility and 2. ester industries ...... u can also invest here ..... its ur money and ur risk ...... i have invested in the last two stocks and am fine with them about nalco and chemfab alkali i will decide soon may be on Monday take a plunge too it depends on my calculating time for stocks like sci and psl to fall to my desired levels ...... it has to be a break-even here in stock markets with respect to stocks recovery that is the ones i sold to buy the new ones ...... am not infusing any fresh capital in he markets just using sales proceeds to invest in new ones ...... this one thing has helped me to to do better ..... hope this satisfies your kind self and will post more stocks am keen on and buy in future msgs ..... regards
In reply to : Neeta Chopra message
11.27 PM Dec 13th 2014

NPPA extends price caps to 52 more essential drugsUpdated: December 12, 2014 23:31 IST
NPPA extends price caps to 52 more essential drugs
Reuters
Tweet
Special Arrangement
The wide-ranging price cuts have hit both local and foreign drugmakers and have been opposed by many industry officials,
TOPICS
pharmaceutical
Drugs include those sold by Lupin, Cadila, Merck Ltd
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has extended the price caps to 52 drugs deemed essential by the government, including painkillers and antibiotics, in its latest move to improve the affordability of medicines.
The additional drugs join a list of nearly 400 essential treatments under price control.In a notice issued in September, the NPPA had fixed the prices of 36 drugs, including those to treat infections and diabetes.
The wide-ranging price cuts have hit both local and foreign drugmakers and have been opposed by many industry officials, who have said drug prices in the country were already among the lowest in the world.
In the latest pricing move, the drugs added include commonly-used antibiotics and painkillers as well as medicines used to treat cancer and skin disorders, a notice on the NPPA website said.
The price caps on some of these drugs only apply to specific companies, it added.
Companies, including Lupin, Cadila Healthcare and Merck, the Indian arm of Germany’s Merck KGaA, are among those selling drugs mentioned in the latest notice, the authority said.
Cadila and Lupin did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Merck was not immediately reachable.
NPPA Deputy Director Naresh Arya said the regulator continued to look at other disease areas where the prices of drugs might need to be fixed. The domestic pharmaceutical industry bodies filed two separate lawsuits against the NPPA in July over its notice to cap the prices of 108 drugs that were not on the national list of essential medicines.

Standards  not rulesWritten by Ananth Padmanabhan |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:23 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 8:19 am
The Uber case has shaken both government and citizens. While Delhi has banned all taxi “aggregator” services, Maharashtra has acted on the “advice” tendered by the Centre to condemn Uber. These knee-jerk reactions demonstrate the need for more thoughtful enquiry into the appropriate design of legal rules and enforcement mechanisms for regulating online businesses.
Broadly, regulations can take the form of hard-and-fast rules or flexible standards. Rules attempt to predict every situation that could possibly occur and address it through rigidly worded mandates. Standards are more open-ended and only prescribe broad guidelines to the regulated actor. Lawmakers normally resort to standards when confronted with low predictive capability because of the myriad possibilities of human error, conduct or growth.
Standards provide more autonomy and flexibility to the regulated actor. They leave the task of ascertaining compliance to the judiciary, shifting power away from the bureaucracy. As far as internet-based businesses are concerned, there are strong reasons to deploy standards rather than rules.
In The Future of the Internet, the renowned scholar on internet law and policy, Jonathan Zittrain, identifies the Net’s generative nature as vital to its growth. In hindsight, the generative architecture of the Net, which permits anyone with a personal computer to design his own website and offer services, presents itself as a given. However, the truth is that the internet could well have been designed in a non-generative way — indeed, it was for a brief period in the early 1990s, when end users could only consume a fixed menu of services, not devise their own offerings. Today, apps have extended the Net’s generativity to mobile devices. This is of special significance for India, where the mobile internet segment has grown by approximately 50 per cent since 2013. For a high percentage of first-generation users, especially in rural areas, mobile phones are the first point of contact with the Net.
Rules, the most extreme version of which is an outright ban, would be a death sentence for the Net’s generativity. No one can predict the innovative and generative potential of the internet. It is a jungle, whose potential will be best harnessed by taming the wild, not by extermination. This leads us to two obvious questions. Should Uber get away? No, but the answer also does not lie in a regulatory ban or a hundred dos and don’ts. We need, instead, a strong standards-based liability regime that drives the fear of god into businesses, a regime that makes nonchalant CEOs like Uber’s Travis Kalanick think twice before indirectly blaming the government for the absence of background checks.
Second, what about the regulatory road ahead? What is the appropriate enforcement mechanism? The only workable solution — continued…

Movie without a scriptWritten by Pratap Bhanu Mehta |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:16 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has enormous reservoirs of political capital, refreshingly grand ambitions for India, and still strikes enchantingly nice notes. But the government is floundering. The gap between what he proposes and what the government disposes is growing wider. There is new energy in some parts of government. Some reforms, like more power to the states and the GST, look promising. The extent of regulatory rot created by the previous government is so deep that change will take time. The largest shake up of India’s power structure in decades will take time to congeal into a pattern. The mistakes of past governments are being rewired into this government faster than the innovations. But the cumulative effect is, increasingly, that the government is like a Bollywood film: a big lead, some sets, some good lines, a few meaningless fight scenes, but fundamentally, no script. We cannot break into a song just yet.
The lack of script is evident in the absence of a framework for growth. The government has taken modest steps to help private investment. But there is a fundamental contradiction in its strategy. At India’s stage, you cannot get growth up without increased public investment. The finance minister wants to practise American-style fiscal conservatism with low taxes and a low deficit, while the prime minister’s dreams are premised on Chinese-style infrastructure growth. This contradiction will come out soon. But not one government scheme, from so-called smart cities to inordinately expensive bullet trains, has a credible financing plan behind it.
The second missing ingredient of a script is administrative disarray to the point where you cannot tell the difference between the current and the previous finance ministers in all the irrationalities they share. The government will probably commit to sticking to the 4.1 per cent fiscal deficit target. Revenue shortfalls are immense. So what will happen? First, expenditure cuts. Not officially but by irrational stealth, do some dodgy juggling, don’t release money till March 31, do random compression on expenditure without assessing their rationality. Second, the government will give Vodafone the relief it wants. But the revenue shortfall will imply pressure on the income tax department to increase collection. Guess what that will do for increasing confidence in tax administration. These are standard administrative pathologies of the Indian state. All the signs are: no reversal.
The third missing ingredient is an understanding of legal risk. The current coal bill in Parliament, for example, is full of potential legal howlers, whose net effect will be to create more litigation down the line. But neither the government nor the opposition understands the importance of legal and regulatory homework that a 21st century state requires. Legal hubris did the previous government in, and the institutionalisation (or lack thereof) of legal care in this government has too many shadows of the past. When continued…

War  peace  languageWritten by Khaled Ahmed |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:00 am
The Economic and Political Weekly recently published findings by Rahul Verma, a political scientist at the University of California, Berkeley, and Shreyas Sardesai of Lokniti-Centre for the Study of Developing Societies, Delhi, about how people voted in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. The main insight that emerged was: “Citizens with higher exposure to the media were much more likely to have voted for the Bharatiya Janata Party in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. This was particularly true for those who read Hindi newspapers or watched TV news in Hindi.” (NB: In Pakistan, there are no English-language TV channels.)
One senior journalist I have admired and shared my values with is Zubeida Mustafa, who writes in Dawn, Karachi. In her latest column, “Against English as medium of instruction”, she has accepted the established educationists’ norm that a child learns quickest if taught in the mother tongue. Children not taught in the mother tongue are held back.
She is not opposed to English, but she thinks it should come later in the child’s learning career. All educationists, from Maria Montessori in the 20th century to Abbas Rasheed and Tariq Rehman in our times, agree with her. But the problem with us today is that Urdu is not the mother tongue in all cases. The state indoctrinates in all textbooks, Urdu and English, except that English keeps puncturing the evil dystopia of intolerance and the false effervescence of jihad because it connects us to the world outside our ideological bubble.
I grew up with Urdu and learned English as a compulsory subject from sixth grade onwards, but couldn’t study the sciences because Urdu couldn’t handle them. In any case, in college, all science students have to switch to English as the medium. I threw up the “poison of the mother tongue” by disavowing nationalism as I grew up, but most of us didn’t. My Dharampura schoolfellows despise me for being an “American agent” after reading my articles.
My first learning was in Arabic because I was made to read the Quran. My second learning was in Urdu. In both cases, I simply can’t understand how it helped in “learning”. In the first case, it was the magic of incantation and memory. (I agree memorising helps develop the mind, but knowing what you memorise helps too.) This learning didn’t teach me of the “uncertainty of knowledge”; it insisted on a “certainty” that made me intolerant.
It is shocking, however, how completely Urdu drowns itself in ideology and nationalism — the two evils that destroy nations if they don’t become conquerors and destroy others. What you can write in an editorial on the annual budget in Urdu, you can’t translate and publish in English. Urdu treats modern economics as an intrusion into the state where everything ought to be subsidised to create the illusion of “equality”.
From observation, I can say that learning through Urdu in childhood prepares the mind for a “certainty” of ideology not possible in English. Most of us Urdu-wallahs continue to be comfortable in Urdu, reading newspapers and writing in Urdu. Those who don’t, and stray into the “rational-sequential” discourse of English, run the risk of attracting the mischief of the penal code, which punishes ideological deviations.
I don’t know about India — I have a couple of articles from there describing Hindi as the language of nationalism — but the mind that grows on the basis of learning in Urdu is unbending and unforgiving of any innovative and “redemptive” expression. I use “redemptive” to explain an expiatory change of policy to avert the project of collective suicide based on jihad-based nationalism. I have always felt different from the “uncolonised” and therefore duly proud Arabs and Iranians, not because my mind has been fashioned by Urdu but because it
has been tainted by English. The madrassa specialises in Urdu, which results in one’s becoming a good speaker, but dooms you forever with its opposition to “variant thinking”.
The Indian mind has been shaped in the same manner. Here I must hasten to add that the “mother tongue” is more likely to get “poisoned” in an ideological state, which India is not, but it definitely helps in the revival of religious prejudice.
Pakistan’s erstwhile army chief, General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani, always took care to express his bias in favour of the columnist he most liked in the Urdu press. He touched base with all the policy directions recommended in Urdu columns where passion rejected realism as “slavery”. Maybe he was simply pretending, but the foreign policy he ran was patently irrational. He simply couldn’t interpret the phenomenon of the Taliban as a lethal strain of terrorism that would take the country down.
He got the longest tenure through extensions because he touched base with the passions that the dominant Urdu discourse aroused and browbeat the elected government, which showed flexibility in its approach to India and the United States. Troubled by terrorism and its inroads into state sovereignty, the state needed the suppleness Urdu simply couldn’t allow, but clung to the majority point of view that his successor, General Raheel Sharif, easily defied for “reason[s] of the state”. When the Pakistan army attacked the “safe havens” of North Waziristan and scattered the “friendly terrorists” of Kayani, the nation quickly moved behind him. Needless to say, the world is relieved too.
The ideological discourse of the mother tongue doesn’t stand when the state is in danger because of the fixed prescriptions transmitted through it. But the state swung away from disaster only because, by happenstance, a general thought he could risk falling out of national consensus.
Of course, the next issue Mustafa, Rasheed and Rehman must tackle is: What is happening to our children through vernacular learning? They should recommend changing the curricula in the provinces that handle the textbooks no right-minded parent would want his child to be formed by. I know at least in this lifetime, they will not make a dent in the thinking of those who dominate education in Pakistan.
Of course, Pakistani parents hardly feel what is happening. English too is polluted, but at least people still have the choice of reading things of foreign origin. The next phase has perhaps already arrived: send the kid abroad as Urdu leads us down the road to a post-Talibanisation hell presided over by the Islamic State with the help of our madrassas. Of course, then all English-medium institutions will be outlawed. The outlawing of English as medium of learning from Class I is pledged by Imran Khan too, and he could rightly be persuaded by our English-language scholars following Western philosophies of learning. Will it lead to war or peace?
Writing in Urdu daily Jang on December 5, my favourite columnist, Raza Ali Abidi, stated that when parents in Sindh were asked which language should be the medium of instruction for their children, they chose English. Punjab actually enforced English but had to retreat. Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa will probably also roll back English from Class I. (NB: Long ago, Punjabi parents also chose in this order of preference: English, Urdu, Punjabi.)
The writer is consulting editor, ‘Newsweek Pakistan’

Raj and Simran  a subversive storyWritten by Shrayana Bhattacharya |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 9:08 am
In revisiting Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (DDLJ), which just completed a record 1000-week run in Mumbai’s Maratha Mandir, several commentators have criticised it as a regressive cultural text. A key argument is that it encouraged middle-class youth to avoid active rebellion against the family as an institution and helped entrench patriarchy. Why didn’t Simran and Raj dump familial obligations and simply elope?
As a pre-teen in 1995, I loved DDLJ for indulging the fangirl in me, with Shah Rukh Khan’s arms cast open amidst pristine Swiss Alps and Indian mustard fields. I rediscovered the film eight years ago while collecting survey data on home-based textile workers as part of advocacy efforts by the Institute for Social Studies Trust, Sewa and partner organisations to improve their wages and work conditions.
During this time, many working women I encountered in the garments trade, from workers to business owners, would cite DDLJ as one of their favourite films. Indeed, in parts of rural Uttar Pradesh, garment workers who worked at home because they could not easily travel outside their own villages and lived in purdah would ask sub-contractors to organise screenings of the film during Id and smuggle posters, radios and audio tapes. Watching the film itself and independently purchasing iconography with their hard-earned wages had become a form of protest by prodding notions of how young women ought to behave. However, when asked, these women couldn’t imagine life without their families, despite being critical of their marital experiences and lack of choice in selecting partners.
Picture gallery:  1000 weeks of DDLJ; reliving the moments with Raj and Simran
The DDLJ-discouraged-dissent argument narrows the space for what dissent can be by demanding that it be obvious and “out there” in full view of TV cameras and Twitter. So, no act of protest short of elopement will suffice. Demanding such all-or-nothing actions doesn’t account for the costs that eloping and actively abandoning their families would impose on women and men from any economic strata. The way we express resistance is subject to our own personal calculus of risk and reward.
Commentators single out an exchange where Raj denies Simran’s plea to run away. He would rather gain support from her family. Many interpret it as conforming to oppressive patriarchy. I agreed — at least until microeconomics and the responses of women from diverse class backgrounds taught me to watch the film differently. To my surprise, DDLJ’s female fans pointed to the same scene as a demonstration of courage. Working- and upper-class women would insist that running away was an easy choice for continued…

Only if daddy says yesDDLJ’s narrative is strongly situated in the framework of marital conformism, which continues to be relevant.
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:00 am
By Parul Bhandari
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (DDLJ), one of Indian cinema’s most iconic movies, has been running uninterrupted at Maratha Mandir in Mumbai for nearly 20 years now. DDLJ’s blockbuster status and cross-generational appeal is as puzzling as it is exciting. The movie’s resonance with the 1990s generation is astounding. The main reason for its success and continued popularity is that it captures the essence of a post-liberalisation generation: economic liberalism within the framework of social conformism. Young India, perhaps, identifies with the juxtaposition of these two narratives of an Indian identity.
Sociologist Patricia Uberoi, in a seminal essay, “The Diaspora Comes Home: Disciplining Desire in DDLJ” (2006), discussed the inherent conservatism of DDLJ noting that this movie “endorse[s] glamorous lifestyles, and effortless and guiltless consumption”. The first half of the movie is set in London and continental Europe, transporting viewers to a global world away from India, but one that can be within easy reach of Indians. Promoting an aspirational upward mobility, the love story is set in the space of leisure (as opposed to the space of education, such as a university, previously the backdrop of Indian romance). The protagonists meet while travelling across Europe with friends. After providing a sensory consumption of the foreign land to Indian viewers and depicting a relatable cultural milieu to the NRIs, the movie underscores that obeying family values is the primary mode to reify an Indian identity. DDLJ’s narrative is strongly situated in the framework of marital conformism, which continues to be relevant.
One of the movie’s pivotal scenes is when Simran (played by Kajol) urges Raj (played by Shah Rukh Khan) to elope with her. Raj explains to Simran that though born in London, he is a true Indian, and therefore will not bring “shame” to her family by eloping with her; instead, he will convince her family of their alliance. The second half of the movie then showcases the many ways in which Raj attempts to win over Simran’s family. During the climax, Raj boards a train to leave, while Simran begs her father, Baldev Singh (played by Amrish Puri), to let her go with Raj. Baldev Singh lets loose his grip on Simran’s wrist and permits her to be with him. Baldev Singh is moved by Raj’s willingness to sacrifice love for the honour of their family, and is finally convinced that he is an appropriate match. These scenes, and many others in the movie, reiterate the importance of familial consent to a marital union and reinforce the centrality of “honour” in marriage alliances — a norm that continues to be central to marriage practices of many Indians.
In another iconic scene, Simran’s mother explains to her the ideal roles and expectations of a woman. Drawing from continued…

2015: Cool mom jeans-and the end of emailThe big changes in Land Acquisition Act
The Union Cabinet recommended promulgation of an Ordinance to amend the Land Acquisition Act, enacted by the erstwhile United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government, on Monday in order to make it easier to acquire land for development activities but left the clauses providing higher compensation to farmers untouched. …
Good news: Airtel junks plans to charge extra for VoIP calls
Sunil Bharti Mittal-led Bharti Airtel dropped its plans to levy a charge for Internet voice calls, or VoIP, service available through apps like Skype and Viber on Monday as it faced a fierce consumer backlash and the government said it would look into the matter. …
GoAir cuts fares to Rs 1,469 for New Year
The Wadia Group-promoted budget carrier GoAir said that it has put 1.7 million seats up for sale offering fares as low as Rs 1,469 for travel next year with a five-day booking period starting Sunday to stimulate demand during the lean period. …

Communal issues dominate sessionpolitics (general)
Opposition puts govt. on the mat over Ministers’ remarks
If Parliament this week began with the government-Opposition standoff over Minister of State Niranjan Jyoti’s communal remarks being resolved by Rajya Sabha Chairperson Hamid Ansari’s appeal to members to “maintain civility at all costs in public discourse”, it ended with a united Opposition forcing BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj to express regret to the Lok Sabha for describing Gandhi’s killer Nathuram Godse as a “patriot”. Mid-week, RSS affiliate Bajrang Dal-organised “gharvapsi” camps dominated proceedings.
Indeed, if the last five days saw BJP MPs — and their associates outside — stoking the communal embers, the government’s parliamentary managers, by turns, sought to find extenuating circumstances for the comments while deflecting the conversation.
Walking a tightrope, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu replying to the religious conversion debate in the Lok Sabha stressed the need to ban conversions while asserting that the government’s only agenda was good governance, announced he was a proud swayamsewak who regularly visited the Mastanvali Dargah.
Clearly, for the Modi government, keeping its core Hindutva constituency happy while retaining its appeal to an aspiring middle class hooked on reforms-led development won’t be easy.
In the second week, when Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s apology in Parliament on behalf of Ms. Jyoti failed to end the impasse, he was reportedly furious with his ministerial colleagues. He has now adopted a different strategy: he can’t afford to disappoint the Hindutva votaries, so there are no public statements from him on conversions or Sakshi Maharaj. But to keep the good governance enthusiasts happy, BJP sources are letting it be known that, Mr. Modi took a stern view at the parliamentary party meeting of those who were taking the spotlight away from his government’s good governance agenda.
For the Opposition, of course, the surfacing of the BJP’s communal agenda has come in handy, uniting its disparate members: it has meant, for instance, that the Congress — officially in agreement with the BJP on reforms — can make common cause with MPs from the Left, Janata Parivar and the Trinamool Congress. On Friday, Congress president Sonia Gandhi led the Opposition on shouting slogans against Sakshi Maharaj.
The government wants, for instance, to pass the Insurance Bill, slated next week with the Congress’s help, but now the latter looks emboldened to try and postpone its passage to the next session, with the help of the Trinamool Congress that is all set to disrupt Parliament, furious as it is with the government over the arrests of its leaders in the Saradha scam. The Congress might express its willingness to help pass the Bill, provided the House is in order, a ploy that the BJP used successfully when the UPA was in power, sources said.
Not just that, the Opposition is also likely to strongly demand that three key Bills passed by the Lok Sabha last week — Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, The Payment and Settlement Systems (Amendment) Bill, and The Repealing and Amending (Second) Bill, 2014 — should be first sent to Select Committees for scrutiny: most new Bills are customarily sent to Standing Committees for scrutiny, but the government using its brute majority, succeeded in get them approved in the Lower House.
Finally, time has been allocated next week in the Rajya Sabha for taking up two Opposition-sponsored motions relating to annulment and modification of the central government’s notification of December 2, 2014 seeking to increase the Basic Excise Duty on petrol and diesel.
The Opposition has the numbers to ensure that the motions are carried and, if that happens, it will not only be a major embarrassment for the government, it will also have to be moved in the Lok Sabha.
In the Lok Sabha, the government has the numbers to defeat the motion, but it will test the loyalty of the BJP’s allies.
For the Opposition’s demand to reduce the prices of petroleum products by slashing excise duty is a popular call. The government has its work cut out.

Blue Jays reportedly interested in Mike RizzoBy James Wagner December 13, 2014 Follow @jameswagnerwp
(Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
UPDATE, 8:15 p.m.: Mike Rizzo shot down the reported Toronto interest. His statement to The Post: “I have not been contacted by the Toronto Blue Jays. My sole focus is on the Washington Nationals and bringing a World Series championship to the District.”
ORIGINAL POST, 5:53 p.m.: The Toronto Blue Jays have expressed interest in Nationals General Manager and President of Baseball Operations Mike Rizzo as a candidate to replace Paul Beeston team president and CEO, according to an ESPN report . But according to a person familiar with the situation, Rizzo and the Nationals have not been contacted by the Blue Jays.
Rizzo, who was busy with NatsFest activities when the ESPN report came out, did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment. Members of the Nationals’ front office appeared floored by the report.
“We won’t comment on rumor and speculation,” a team spokesman said.
But if the Blue Jays were indeed interested in Rizzo, their pursuit would be spearheaded by the team’s owners, Rogers Communications.
Rizzo joins a group of successful executives who have been linked to the Blue Jays. Reports have mentioned Baltimore’s Dan Duquette, Minnesota’s Terry Ryan and Chicago’s Kenny Williams among potential candidates to replace Beeston, who still holds his position.
A separate ESPN report last week said the Blue Jays were seeking a replacement for Beeston and have begun reaching out to teams for permission to interview candidates. Teams often allow employees to interview for jobs that would be considered a promotion, but they can also deny the request if the employee is under contract.
The position would be a promotion for Rizzo, who was given the title of president in August 2013 and handed a long-term extension . The details of that extension are not known.
Rizzo, who turns 54 on Sunday, joined the Nationals in 2007 as an assistant general manager in charge of scouting. He helped build the Nationals’ farm system and became general manager in 2009 after Jim Bowden resigned following a scandal in the Dominican Republic. Rizzo oversaw a transformation of the Nationals’ major and minor league teams with trades, free agent signings and strong drafting, including the selections of Stephen Strasburg and Bryce Harper.
The Blue Jays are reportedly unhappy with Beeston. The Toronto Sun reported this week that Rogers Communications  planned to bring back Beeston in 2015, but no announcement has been made. The other executives linked to the Blue Jays have either pulled out of the running or have not been allowed to interview, as in Duquette’s case.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

SIT proposes to submit PAN  Aadhaar on purchases over Rs 1 lakh to curb nlack moneySIT proposes to submit PAN  Aadhaar on purchases over Rs 1 lakh to curb nlack money
ONGC scores a hat-trick in new findONGC scores a hat-trick in new find
Senate leaders strike deal to hold votes on spending billSenate leaders strike deal to hold votes on spending bill
Good points to be noted before buying. discl: don`t hold.11 Followers
Reposted about 19 days 16 hrs 25 min 18 sec ago by sbkjrf123
But main problem is the share price pumped up and is highly over valued considering related cos.The ideal price is around 25-30.See the chart and you will see.The operator is slowly reducing their holding in every high creating a buy fever among common investors,by artificially pumping up the share price.We saw it 2 days back when 77 pumped up to 89 with 38000 buy orders.They sold a gud amount of sshares that day,when it was locked in UC.That is why the next day it came down to 79.38000 buy orders was there when market closed and next day they vanished.What does that mean?
5.40 PM Nov 27th 2014   |         |   Rated by

Steel Authority of IndiaCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I meant ..... declaration of election resultsPlatinum Member
386 Followers
i was a thinking that markets will collapse after declaration of results ..... but on the contrary it rose ...... now with markets at 8220  nifty and bse 27350 i feel the markets have peaked ..... good stocks will rise always ...... the stocks you have mentioned are good ones and desirable ..... what levels do we buy them ..... i go with safety and liquidity in market investment ...... i feel nalco is better than sail but sail is discount to bv and nalco is at premium to bv though eps are now comparable ..... at what price to enter these stocks ..... i feel i can enter sail @ 75 and below and nalco at 50 and below ..... sail is a high beta stock and recovers faster than nalco it is likely to fall in markets slump ..... need some strong opinion am inclined towards nalco a sort of biased you can say so hence must exercise extra caution ..... pls advise in this nalco vs sail issue ..... thanks and regards
In reply to : babuji555 message
6.40 AM Dec 14th 2014

I was a thinking that markets will collapse after declaration of resul...Platinum Member
386 Followers
i was a thinking that markets will collapse after declaration of results ..... but on the contrary it rose ...... now with markets at 8220  nifty and bse 27350 i feel the markets have peaked ..... good stocks will rise always ...... the stocks you have mentioned are good ones and desirable ..... what levels do we buy them ..... i go with safety and liquidity in market investment ...... i feel nalco is better than sail but sail is discount to bv and nalco is at premium to bv though eps are now comparable ..... at what price to enter these stocks ..... i feel i can enter sail @ 75 and below and nalco at 50 and below ..... sail is a high beta stock and recovers faster than nalco it is likely to fall in markets slump ..... need some strong opinion am inclined towards nalco a sort of biased you can say so hence must exercise extra caution ..... pls advise in this nalco vs sail issue ..... thanks and regards
In reply to : babuji555 message
6.40 AM Dec 14th 2014

Can you share the information with you which is not available on this...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Home loan basics: Floating rates vs fixed ratesPrint
When shopping for home loans, it is always difficult to choose whether to opt for floating interest rates or prefer the more stable regime of a fixed rate home loan.
Before rushing in to lap up either of the two types of loans, you need to do your homework well. It is important that you make a realistic assessment of your current and projected incomes, study the markets conditions, especially the bank’s deposit and interest rate cycles, as well as consider the stability of the interest rates.
Most importantly, you should consider which type of home loan serves your needs – the one with floating or fixed rates. They both serve different purposes.
Here is a look:
1. Fixed rate home loans are most suitable to those who have a secure income and are good at budgeting. As interests under fixed rate remain same for the entire loan period, it is easy to make a provision for paying a fixed rate home loan equated monthly installment (EMI) no matter how the market conditions change.
2. Fixed rate home loans do bring about a sense of certainty and security that a fluctuating rate loan can disturb. However, remember, in case interest rates fall, you will be paying extra because the interests of a fixed rate home loan will be higher than a floating rate home loan. For this reason, prefer fixed rate home loans if you foresee a rise in interest rates.
3. Floating interest rate home loans, as the name suggests, are tied to prevailing market conditions. As a result, they are best suited during period of lower interest rates. It can thus help increase your disposable income as your interest payments may be lower.
4. Floating rate home loans should be avoided if you expect interest rates to rise. If there is an increase in interest rates, budgets of many floating home loan takers are known to have gone haywire. Watch out for that.
5. Macro-economic conditions play a big role in this decision. For example, when inflation rises significantly or when a bad monsoon causes crop failures, or a policy paralysis subduing both demand and fresh investments, and similar other issues, the Reserve Bank of India may be forced to increase interest rates. This would make your floating rate home loan costlier. To account for the increased interest rate, banks could either increase the EMI amount or just raise the loan duration; both of these new arrangements can hit a borrower hard.
Final Words
No clear lines exist in choosing between a fixed or a floating rate loan. The thumb rule, however, is: If the interest rates are relatively low now, and are likely to increase in foreseeable future, a fixed rate home loan is the better choice. An increase in interest rates will have no impact on your EMI installment outgo.
Availing a home loan at a time when interest rates are high, but expected to fall over a two to three year period, going for a floating rate home loan is the preferred choice.
Also, remember, even in high interest times, the floating rates are lower than fixed ones. Secondly, if the interest rates fall, so do the floating rates – a benefit that the fixed rate home loan customer will not get.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

Michael Clarke thinks he may never play againUpdated: December 14, 2014 01:55 IST
‘There’s a chance I may never play again’
Special Correspondent
Tweet
AP
Australia's Michael Clarke reacts after injuring himself during the final day of their Test against India in Adelaide on Saturday.
SLIDESHOW
Test cricket
Michael Clarke has been ruled out of the remaining three Tests of the ongoing series and is a doubtful starter for the ICC ODI World Cup because of a tear in his right hamstring.
Much to the shock of everyone, the Australian captain said after the first Test concluded on Saturday, “There’s a chance I may never play again. I hope that does not happen. I’ll do everything in my power to get back on the park but have to be realistic and honest with myself.”
Batsman Shaun Marsh has been inducted for the second Test in Brisbane while left-arm seamer Mitchell Starc comes in as cover for Siddle, still not fully recovered from indisposition.
Clarke, injured while fielding on day five, said, “The experts are looking at the scans, I don’t know exactly how long I’m going to be out for.”
On his chances of being fit for the World Cup, he said, “Our first practice game before the World Cup is eight weeks away. I would love to take part in the tri-series, I’d love to take part in the World Cup but I just have to wait and see.”
Asked whether it was worth the risk to have played the Test and further gone back to bat and field after he had injured his back, Clarke replied, “This is the most important Test I have played (as a tribute to Phillip Hughes).”
He added, “I have no regrets.”
Clarke said, “India had just taken the second new ball, taken three wickets at the end of that day (first day), so I thought it was important that I got out there, and even if I couldn’t make runs, just see the new ball off.”
Clarke congratulated Brad Haddin for the manner in which he led the team. “If Brad is in the next three Tests as captain, he will do well.”
On Virat Kohli’s exceptional hundred, he said, “I remember Sachin playing like this years ago. Virat was something like that today. It was fantastic. Credit to him and Vijay.”
Asked about off-spinner Nathan Lyon’s 12-wicket match haul, Clarke responded, “Every single person in the change room knows how good he is. He is a match-winner.”

There are images of PM with Sahara chief. Should we arrest ModiThere are images of PM with Sahara chief. Should we arrest Modi
Pak signs $248m loan deal with ADBPak signs $248m loan deal with ADB
Pranab fine after procedureNew Delhi, December 13, 2014
Updated: December 14, 2014 02:09 IST
Pranab fine after procedure
President Pranab Mukherjee. File photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
heads of state
President Pranab Mukherjee underwent a medical procedure to clear a blockage in one of his arteries at the Army Research and Referral Hospital on Saturday evening. A stent was placed in the artery to remove the blockage.
“The President is fine, chatting and is likely to be discharged on Sunday,” an official told The Hindu.

Pope Francis turns out not to have made pets in heaven commentPope Francis turns out not to have made pets in heaven comment
How China s economic slowdown can adversely impact IndiaHow China s economic slowdown can adversely impact India
Gold prices will continue to fall with oil price dipGold prices will continue to fall with oil price dip
Mr mahajan  please tell me what can i do  as a small shareholder my l...New Member
1 Followers
Dear Mr.Pogo , As per the provisions contained in section 151 of the Companies act 2013 and the rule 7 referred there under the same act , If a listed company has minimum of 1000 small shareholders ( which means that a  share holder holding a nominal value of shares not exceeding Rs.20000),it has to have atleast one director from that small shareholders group .
This provision is not only to protect the interest of small shareholders and also to ensure that the company is being managed in a systematic manner within the parameters agreed to between the the management and other common shareholders in the general body meeting .
A minimum 14 days advance notice should be given to the  company about the intension of appointing a director on behalf of  small shareholders  by the representatives of small shareholders vide rule 7 of companies Act 2013
There are many other provisions to ensure the systematic and transparent system of management
In reply to : Pogo 123 message
11.34 PM Dec 14th 2014

Bharat forge is a wonderful scrip and one should have this in ones por...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The best strategy for next week is wait for a strong closing and then ...Gold Member
9 Followers
PA sir & swingy sir, but before bounce back we can hit 8180-50 level on monday considering weak IIP numbers & heavy fall in europe & us  and then sharp bounce back upto atleast 8360 level in rest of the week. I think it will be good strategy to write 8300 or 8400 PE of janaury if  we see 8180 level & hold on monday. Please suggest will that be a good stategy for next week?
In reply to : Perfect Analyst message
9.32 AM Dec 13th 2014   |         |   Rated by

Insurance bill will have an passage in both the houses of parli...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Satyarthi  Malala dedicate Nobel Prizes to the voicelessSatyarthi, Malala dedicate Nobel Peace Prizes to the voiceless
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Wed 10 Dec, 2014
Print
Oslo, Dec 10 (IANS) India's child rights crusader Kailash Satyarthi and Pakistani girls' education activist Malala Yousafzai received the Nobel Peace Prize here Wednesday.
"A conscience exists in the world that extends beyond all boundaries. It says that children have the right to childhood, that children should go to school and not be forced to work. They should not start their lives as slaves of others. This world's conscience can find no better expression than through Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai," Thorbjorn Jagland, head of the Nobel Committee, said while addressing the award ceremony in Oslo City Hall 1.
"Satyarthi believes child labour can be eradicated in his own lifetime. Every one here shares his hope."
"Nothing should be further from Islam than shooting at a young girl whose only demand was to go to school. Malala's vision was clear from the start, girls have a self-evident right to education," he added.
Satyarthi and Malala each were presented with a diploma and a medal.
Satyarthi said his life's aim was to make sure that every child was a free child.
"My only aim in life is to make sure that every child is a free child. I refuse to accept that all the temples, mosques, churches and prayer houses have no place for the dreams of our children," he said in his acceptance speech.
Satyarthi has worked for child rights for over 30 years through the Bachpan Bachao Andolan, an NGO which is credited with freeing over 80,000 children from bonded labour across India.
"I have seen gods in the smiles of kids I have rescued, I represent the sounds of silence, the voices of innocence," he said.
"In the pursuit of global progress, not a single person should be left out in any corner of the world. Let us work together for the good of the whole world. I represent millions of children who are left behind."
The champion of child rights added that he represented "the sound of silence. The cry of innocence. And, the face of invisibility" at the prestigious prize ceremony.
"I have come here to share the voices and dreams of our children, our children, because they are all our children."
"You and I live in the age of rapid globalisation. We are connected through high-speed Internet. We exchange goods and services in a single global market. Each day, thousands of flights connect us to every corner of the globe.
"But there is one serious disconnect. It is the lack of compassion. Let us inculcate and transform the individuals' compassion into a global movement. Let us globalise compassion. Not passive compassion, but transformative compassion that leads to justice, equality, and freedom," Satyarthi said.
Malala said she was glad she received the Nobel Peace Prize together with Satyarthi because it showed the world that an Indian and a Pakistani could work together for children's rights.
"I am also honoured to receive this award together with Kailash Satyarthi, who has been a champion of children's rights for a long time... I am also glad that we can stand together and show the world that an Indian and a Pakistani can be united in peace and together work for children's rights," said Malala in her acceptance speech.
She dedicated her award to the "voiceless" children of the world "who want change". "This award is not just for me, but for those forgotten children who want education."
Malala said modernisation and development have not meant the same for the entire world. "Today, in half of the world, we see rapid progress, modernisation and development. However, there are countries where millions still suffer from the very old problems of hunger, poverty, injustice and conflicts.
She called for the world leaders to unite and make education their top priority.
The Nobel Prizes are presented every year Dec 10, the death anniversary of Swedish industrialist and philanthropist Alfred Nobel.
Recommend

Ten interesting facts about Rajinikanths  LingaaCelebrity
Ten Interesting Facts About Rajinikanth’s Lingaa
Lingaa is all set to hit the theatres on December 12, 2014. This big film has some interesting facts which will be interesting to read. All the Rajini fans, don’t miss the chance. Read on for some interesting facts about Rajinikanth’s Lingaa.
Wed 10 Dec, 2014 2:37 PM IST
Latest Galleries
Prev Next
Lingaa is all set to hit the theatres on December 12, 2014. This big film has some interesting facts which will be interesting to read. All the Rajini fans, don’t miss the chance. Read on for some interesting facts about Rajinikanth’s Lingaa.
Lingaa is all set to hit the theatres on December 12, 2014. This big film has some interesting facts which will be interesting to read. All the Rajini fans, don’t miss the chance. Read on for some interesting facts about Rajinikanth’s Lingaa.
Recommend

On track to exceed 55 000 hiring target this fiscal: TCSemployment
TCS, on Friday, said it was undertaking a performance-based workforce restructuring, but it was not a ‘retrenchment’ exercise and the company might exceed its target of hiring 55,000 new professionals this fiscal.
Without giving any specific numbers for employees to be affected by this ‘continuous’ restructuring process, the HR head of the company also said that “it is not that everyone being relieved is a bad performer.”
“It is not a special process. It is a continuous process,” TCS EVP and Head (Global) HR Ajoyendra Mukherjee told reporters here.
His comments follow reports about TCS undertaking a significant performance-related restructuring of its workforce, which may also lead to some employees being asked to leave the company.
Downplaying it as a ‘regular exercise’, Mr. Mukherjee also said the company was on track to meet its gross hiring target of 55,000 employees in the current fiscal ending March 31, 2015, and may even exceed it. He said that the company has a campus offer target of 35,000 people and it has already made over 31,000 offers and more than 3000 offers would be made during the fiscal.
“This (restructuring) is nothing new what we are doing. This is something that goes on throughout the year. We are a performance-oriented organisation, we continue to look at the performance of each and every individual...we do have appraisal process, we measure how people are doing,” he said.
TCS shares closed down 1.48 per cent at Rs. 2455.70 on the BSE.

London hit by air traffic control computer failurePosted: December 13, 2014 3:11 pm
 
The British government has demanded an investigation after a computer failure on December 12 at one of Britain’s two air traffic control centers caused a major disruption of air traffic into and out of London.
The congested airspace over the British capital was closed during the 35-minute shutdown, leading to severe delays and flight cancellations in London and other parts of Europe that officials said would spill over into December 13.
The problem was traced to the computer system at NATS, the troubled U.K.-based air traffic management company, which has experienced a number of operational problems related to computer issues.
British officials seethed over the system meltdown on a busy afternoon on December 12 during the run-up to the holiday season, when travel demand is particularly high.
“Disruption on this scale is simply unacceptable and I have asked NATS for a full explanation of this evening’s incident,” Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin said.
NATS said a computer problem at its center in Swanwick, England, had touched off troubles in the system. After it was fixed, NATS said its operations were returning to normal but would not say how long that would take. It said “further information” about the cause would be released when it becomes available.
Problems were particularly acute at London’s Heathrow Airport, Europe’s busiest. Some 66 flights were cancelled there as of 6 p.m. (1 p.m. EST), with more expected, since planes and flight crews were out of position.
British aviation authorities did not ask the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration to hold flights destined for Heathrow on the ground during the shutdown, so there was no impact on departures from the U.S., said FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown.
Planes headed for the U.S., however, were held on the ground, unable to take off safely.
Heathrow officials urged passengers to check the status of their flights before leaving for the airport. Airlines issued the same cautionary advice.
The NATS center at Swanwick has been plagued by problems since it opened in 2002 — six years late and at twice its anticipated cost. Software and reliability issues have caused repeated disruptions since.
A few months after it opened, the BBC cited an unidentified air traffic controller as complaining of “potentially catastrophic” problems at the facility, including erratic radio transmissions. Other controllers cited by the broadcaster said the text on their computer screens was “too tiny to read.”
In 2004, Swanwick was in the news when a computer problem grounded scores of flights across Britain. An even more serious glitch in September 2008 grounded hundreds of flights and affected tens of thousands of travelers.
In December 2013, another computer problem at Swanwick took 12 hours to fix, causing severe delays at the outset of the holiday season.
At the time, NATS chief Richard Deakin called the failure continued…

CMs cross swords over dismantling of Planning CommissionDec 13, 2014 at 07:10pm IST
CMs cross swords over dismantling of Planning Commission
16
0
New Delhi: Uttarkhand Chief Minister Harish Rawat on Saturday criticised the move to dismantle Planning Commission saying it has created uncertainty in the country, a view countered by Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis who claimed the new framework will give more rights to states.
Rawat said that institutions like Planning Commission are "time tested" and it has tried to do justice with states in the federal structure. He said one should not talk of dismantling it unless unless a "unanimous alternative" is reached.
The Congress leader stated that just saying that the process of consultation has started is not enough "because for the last six months, this uncertainty is there which is not good for the country".
Rawat said that institutions like Planning Commission are "time tested" and it has tried to do justice with states in the federal structure.
However, BJP leader Fadnavis defended the Centre's move to dismantle the Planning Commission and termed the concerns raised by Rawat "baseless". He said that government is a "continuous" process and the Planning Commission still exists.
"Till the time the, new institution comes up, the planning body  will keep functioning," he said.
"Institutions like Planning Commission, finance commission...they are such institutions which are time tested ones and have tried to do justice with states in the existing federal structure, provided states a platform to give their opinion. Unless a unanimous alternative is reached upon, it (Commission) should not be finished," Rawat said during a discussion in Agenda Aajtak in which Fadnavis also participated.
Rawat accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of not consulting any political party or making any attempt to arrive at national consensus on the issue.
"You are taking such a big decision, have you tried to reach a national consensus or are you trying to impose your own thoughts on national consensus. You did not take Chief Ministers in the decision, you did not consult the political parties, you did not conduct any open house consultations.
"He (Modi) did not do any such thing and only said it should be dismantled and has not made it clear what should be done next on the issue. This is our concern," Rawat said.
Fadnavis said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has worked for many years both as Chief Miniser and in the oppostion and has experienced the difficulties in the centre-state relationship.
It is because of this he wants Centre-state relationship to be stronger, the Maharashtra Chief Minister said, adding that in a democratic set up, when a institution replaces the others, it is done for good.
8

PM Modi attacks  Congress  NC  asks people to punish offendersPress Trust of India | Dec 13, 2014 at 07:49pm IST
Kathua/Rajouri: Projecting BJP as a fresh alternative to other parties which have ruled Jammu and Kashmir, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday urged voters to dump the "three offenders"-- National Conference, PDP and Congress--in the Assembly polls for a better life.
Taking a swipe at Congress, he said it is known for "sneaking" into every government that is formed in the state and attacking these very dispensations just before elections.
Blaming NC, PDP and Congress for the problems in the state, he asked people to punish previous governments, accusing them of not working for their good and not even providing basic amenities like water, education, health, roads and power.
The Prime Minister said Jammu and Kashmir has the potential to energise the entire country through its hydropower pThe Prime Minister said Jammu and Kashmir has the potential to energise the entire country through its hydropower potential.
Addressing poll rallies in Kathua and Rajouri, Modi said Congress "jumps" into every government that is formed in the state, be it led by PDP or NC, but withdraws from it just before the elections and starts attacking these dispensations.
"If you punish them once, they will realise their mistakes. Has BJP ever formed the government in Jammu and Kashmir? Did we ever commit any mistake? Don't you know who are the first, second and third offenders," he asked the people who cheered back in response.
Maintaining that the people of the state knew who the "three offenders" were, Modi said they would not mend their ways unless they were punished by the voters.
"Congress sneaks into the government whenever one is formed and gets away with all the benefits. Then they say that they are against this government and that the government has done all wrong.
"Whether PDP comes or NC to power, they join hands with them and come out of the government whenever elections near."
Attacking the National Conference and PDP for "dynastic politics and nepotism", the Prime Minister asked the people: "Are there no more sons and daughters in Jammu and Kashmir? Will only one father-son and father-daughter run the governments here? Do you have to always remain in their tangle?"
"Don't look at those 'Baap-beta' (father-son) and 'Baap-beti' (father-daughter) duos. Throw them out as it was time to think of the good of your own sons and daughters, and vote for development. Herein lies your benefit."
Urging people to come out to vote despite the cold, he said, the whole world was watching with interest the assembly elections because of the heavy turnout and congratulated the voters for it.
The Prime Minister said Jammu and Kashmir has the potential to energise the entire country through its hydropower potential.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Jammu and Kashmir elections: NC  PDP in a close contest in both Shopian and WachiPriyarag Verma , IBNLive.com | Dec 13, 2014 at 10:26pm IST
Shopian: The twin constituencies of Shopian and Wachi will vote along with 16 other seats of Jammu and Kashmir in the fourth phase of Assembly elections on December 14. Situated in South Kashmir Valley, both the seats are in Shopian district which is famous for its apples and walnuts, and the primary grudge of its residents are poor condition of roads and lack of electricity which they say has stopped the area from realising its full agricultural potential.
With an agrarian economy, apple town Shopian is dotted with several small villages surrounded by vast tracts of agricultural land. But the district is a picture of complete neglect with its residents accusing the Omar Abdullah government of not doing anything to improve the living condition of the people.
With an agrarian economy, apple town Shopian is dotted with several small villages surrounded by vast tracts of agricultural land.
At Shopian's Vehil village 60-year-old Mohammed Yakub Rather claims that candidates visit them only during elections and never come backwards. Rather says his village remains without power for several days at a stretch which not only makes it tough for them but also affects students.
"We are near Srinagar but no leader comes here to enquire about us. After seeking our votes, all of them go away and lead a comfortable life while we struggle. We have to pay a fixed amount every month even if there is no electricity," says Rather.
Interestingly Peoples Democratic Party has two candidates in Shopian. While the main candidate is 66-year-old Mohammad Yousuf Bhat, the party also put up his son Zubair Yousuf Bhat, 35, as a back-up. The candidature of Mohammad Yousuf Bhat came as a surprise to even many PDP workers as the party ignored 2008 winner Abdul Razaq Wagay and district president Mohammad Shafi Banday.
National Conference candidate Sheikh Mohammad Rafi had won from Shopian in 1996. He is the son of late NC leader Sheikh Mansoor who won from the seat thrice in 1970s and 80s. Mansoor was later assassinated in the 1990. Rafi's camp is worried as NC rebel Shabir Ahmad Kullay is in the fray as an independent.
While the main contest is between the PDP and NC, what has made the contest very interesting is that both the parties have angered their local leaders while giving tickets and are facing rebellion.
In the neighbouring Wachi constituency which PDP President Mehbooba Mufti won in 2008, the ruling NC has a strong candidate in Showkat Hussain Ganie. Mehbooba won the Lok Sabha election from Anantnag and vacated Wachi leaving the party to find a new candidate.
Initially PDP leader Mohammed Khalil Naik, who won from Wachi in 2002 as Communist Party of India-Marxist candidate, was the frontrunner but ultimately the party placed its bets on late National Conference MLA Abdul Jabbar Mir's son Aijaz Ahmad Mir.
But with Ganie, a member of the Legislative Council, enjoying a lot of goodwill unlike several of his party colleagues in other constituencies, Mir is facing a tough time with Naik, contesting as an independent, also expected to cut into his votes.
Mehbooba won from Wachi in 2008 defeating Ganie easily but her absence has given hope to the NC. But poor roads, lack of healthcare and educational facilities, massive power cuts and not much support for the agricultural sector are haunting the ruling NC.
Though terror groups are very active in the district and have even killed a sarpanch Mohammad Sultan Bhat just a few hundred metres from his residence in Shopian's Nazneenpora on November 30, but the voters are determined to come out and exercise their franchise.
Unlike most parts of Kashmir Valley, Shopian and Wachi are witnessing a tough contest between the PDP and NC.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Extending full co-operation with investigation process: ITC8
0
New Delhi: After one its employees was arrested for allegedly being the handler of the pro-Islamic State (IS) twitter account, ITC on Saturday issued a statement extending full cooperation with the investigating agencies.
"An employee has been arrested by Bengaluru Police in connection with allegedly objectionable social media activity carried out under a pseudonym. We have extended every co-operation with the investigation process. He has worked in a junior trainee capacity for about two years. He did not have access to external social media platforms from the office network," the statement said.
Bengaluru-based engineer Mehdi Masroor Biswas was arrested by police who claims he has "confessed" of handling the pro-jihad tweeter "@ShamiWitness".

India @ 9 with Arunoday MukharjiFour Pakistan Rangers killed in retaliatory fire by BSF along International Border in Jammu
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Senate passes shutdown reprieve  funding fight drags onSenate passes shutdown reprieve  funding fight drags on
Midday meal cooks protest  demand increase in salaryBy: Express News Service | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 14, 2014 5:37 am
Traffic came to a standstill for almost one-and-a-half hours near Bharat Nagar Chowk bus stand on Saturday as hundreds of midday meal cooks from schools all over Punjab protested against the state government.
Democratic Mid Day Meal Front Punjab and Mid Day Meal Daftri Mulazam Te Cook Workers Union Punjab protested at Chatar Singh Park and later blocked traffic.
The midday meal cooks demanded hike in their salaries and regularisation of their jobs. They demanded that their salaries be hiked to at least Rs 10,000 per month as per minimum wages rule. Presently, they are given Rs 1,200 per month only. Cooks also demanded an insurance cover of Rs 2 lakh for each cook.
Former MLA Tarsem Singh Jodhan and some comrades from CPI-M also supported the cooks. They also said that government is not paying cooks for vacation days in schools which is wrong.
Harjinder Kaur Loppo from Democratic Mid Day Meal Front Punjab and Parveen Sharma Jogipur, president of Mid Day Meal Daftri Mulazam Te Cook Workers Union Punjab, said that soon cooks will gherao Vidhan Sabha if no solution comes out during the meeting with education minister Daljit Singh Cheema on December 23.
Rain and traffic woes continued to hassle the commuters. Even the protesting cooks faced problems due to continuous drizzling since morning. The district administration including DEO Gurjot Singh and area SDM continued to contact deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal and education minister Cheema but they failed to do so.
The protest was lifted after heavy rainfall made it difficult for protesting cooks to continue. However, later contact was established with Maheshinder Singh Grewal, advisor to CM who promised meeting with Cheema on December 23.

Conversions are never forced: Ludhiana PastorWritten by Raakhi Jagga | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 14, 2014 5:35 am
Reacting to Thursday’s FIR registered at division number 2 police station regarding forcible religion conversion of one Rani Pal, Pastor K Koshy, president, Council of Ludhiana Churches said conversions are never forced upon anyone.
“Every year hundreds embrace Christianity but only on their own will. We do take an affidavit from them that they are not under any kind of pressure and give them Baptism certificate as well,’ Pastor Koshy said.
“The complainant seems to have been influenced by vested interests. We hope the police inquiry will reveal the truth soon.” He, however, said they were spreading the preachings of Jesus Christ, which is why the followers of the religion are increasing in number.
He also said the number of churches in Ludhiana have risen to 250 now — from 50 some 15 years ago.
Meanwhile, Division Number 2 SHO Gurpreet Singh said, “The persons named in the FIR are yet to appear before the police for recording of their statements. They have been intimated to appear soon, however, it was informed they were out of station.” The FIR names Afzal Chaudhary, his son Jugnu and Sri Nath.
While a protest was staged Thursday by Shiv Sena Yuva Morcha and a few other Hindu organisations, yet another meeting was held by Yuva Morcha Friday.
Samar D’Souza from Shiv Sena Yuva Morcha said, “We are not protesting against any community but particular persons. I am also a christian but a few are alluring people to change their religion for want of benefits which is not correct.”
He added they will meet the police commissioner Saturday and urge him to book more persons involved in alleged forced conversions.

Barwala: Villagers sight leopard  officials say rumourBy: Express News Service | Panchkula |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:59 am
Panic gripped Jaloli village near Barwala on Saturday after a few villagers claimed to have sighted a leopard and her two cubs sitting on the bank of a stream in the forest area near the village, putting the district police and wildlife authorities on high alert. However, wildlife officials later rubbished the alleged sighting as a false alarm.
According to the Jaloli residents, a few revenue officials were working near the village in the morning when the animal was sighted. “Four revenue officials were marking the forest area beside the village for the construction of dairies here and I was also present with them.
Around 10:30 am, we first spotted some pug marks in the area as the earth was wet due to rain, and then all of us clearly saw a leopard sitting at the bank of Dangri stream along with her two cubs. Stupefied, we looked at the leopard for a few minutes, and ran away.
“We informed the police, and within minutes, officials armed with rifles arrived here. Later, senior police officials and district-level officers arrived here along with wildlife officials,” said Jasmer Singh, the village numberdar, adding that it was not a false alarm as even revenue officials had spotted the animal. The villagers were afraid to venture out into their fields.
According to the police, they reached the spot and found pug marks in the area following which the wildlife department was informed. However, wildlife officials said the pug marks belonged to a bitch.
“These days, residents are going overboard with false alarm. First, a video went viral, then somebody claimed to have spotted a leopard near the gymkhana and now this sighting. In today’s incident, officials went to the spot and ruled out the sighting of a leopard. It has clearly been established that it was a hoax call. The public must understand that we have limited staff and cannot be present everywhere. I appeal to the residents to first verify the presence of a leopard, and not panic. Some mischievous elements are spreading false rumours, it seems,” said Dr Amarinder Kaur, chief wildlife warden.
Recently, a leopard attacked four persons in a village near Raipur Rani following which several alleged sightings have been reported from Panchkula district, including a video of a lion that went viral but turned out to be from another part of the country.

City witnesses seasons first rainBy: Express News Service | Chandigarh |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:54 am
Following season’s first snowfall in Shimla and other tourist spots such as like Kufri, Fagu, Naldehra and Narkanda on December 14, the dry spell in Chandigarh also ended with 6.3 mm rainfall being recorded till evening.
Cloudy sky along with thunder-showers brought down the temperature in the city. The maximum temperature recorded was 15.2 degree Celsius, which is seven degrees below normal.
Within a day, the maximum temperature has come down by seven degrees on Saturday, as on Friday it was 22.3 degrees. The minimum temperature recorded was 8.7 degree Celsius, which is two degrees above normal.
The amount of rainfall recorded in the city till 8.30 pm was 33.2 mm. The meteorological department has predicted rain and thundershowers in the next 24 hours. The maximum temperature is predicted to be as low as 16 degrees on Sunday and minimum temperature is predicted to be 9 degrees.
Talking to Newsline, Surender Paul, director, Meterological Department said that this year the rainfall was delayed, in comparison to the previous year. “Usually the city witnesses first winter season’s rainfall in November end, however, this time the rainfall was delayed. The reason is western disturbances.”
He said that now onwards there will be a dip in minimum temperature and foggy conditions will prevail.

Poor visibility: RTO helplines do not ring a bell with passengersWritten by Atikh Rashid | Pune |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:48 am
Telephones that the Regional Transport Office (RTO) has dedicated to passengers for registering complaints against drivers of hired vehicles rarely ring. The helpline numbers can be used to report drivers behaving inappropriately with passengers, charging excess fare or refusing to ferry passengers. Few call up to report errant drivers. A mere 2-3 complaints are registered per day though the city roads see 45,000 auto-rickshaws alone every day. Passengers in general complain a lot about the auto-rickshaws, but rarely make it official with the RTO.
Activists attribute the poor response to the helpline number to lack of awareness and failure of RTO in ensuring that rickshaws and taxis display the helpline number prominently.”
“We receive 60 to 90 complaints a month on our helpline, most about refusal to ply. Once a complaint is received a notice is issued to drivers/owners asking them to report to the RTO within a week. If the driver is found guilty of misbehaving with a passenger, a fine of Rs 500 is imposed and operation of the vehicle is suspended for 10 days. In case of a second offence, penalty is Rs 1000 and operation is suspended for 20 days. If it is repeated, the fine rises to Rs 1,500 and suspension to a month. After the fourth complaint the driver will lose his licence. Registration of vehicle is cancelled. Every month we take action against 15 to 20 drivers based on complaints,” said an RTO official. He agreed that number of complaints was low but he could not pinpoint the cause.
According to activist Baba Shinde, a former member of Regional Transport Committee, the reason was lack of awareness. “In March 2010, Secretary, RTA issued a directive to RTOs to ensure all autorickshaws and taxis prominently display the helpline number, name, address and billa (badge) number of the driver. Although it was a mandatory provision, no auto driver displayed the number or other data”
“We found no auto-rickshaw follows the directive. RTO has failed to implement the directive,” he said.
Pune RTO Jitendra Patil said “Soon we will start a campaign for rickshaws and penalise drivers/owners not displaying helpline numbers.”

Rebuffed by schools  ZP officials say its RTE effectWritten by Ardhra Nair | Pune |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:43 am
Schools run by minority institutions are caught in another face-off with Zilla Parishad officials for the familiar reason — the Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009.
Zilla Parishad officials said they had gone to several minority schools to give them self-declaration forms, but the schools reportedly mistook them to be forms related to 25 per cent reservation for economically weaker sections (EWS) under RTE Act and refused to accept the forms. Minority schools have been exempted from reserving 25 per cent seats for economically disadvantaged sections.
“Self-declaration forms are supposed to be submitted by every school every three years. This deals with basic information about the school as to when was it opened, number of classrooms, teachers, availability of playground and toilet and other data. Under RTE Act, it is mandatory for schools to submit this form every three years. The current form is for the period from April 1, 2013 to March 31, 2016.
Almost all schools accepted the forms and filled them but Bishop’s, St Mary’s, Hutchings and Dastur schools did not accept the forms saying they did not come under the purview of RTE,” said Mushtaq Shaikh, Education Officer, Zilla Parishad.
“We have sent them letters by post. If schools do not comply in eight days we will send them a showcause notice. If a school fails to submit the form in time, their recognition can be revoked or a fine of Rs 1 lakh can be levied on them,” added Shaikh.
“I was turned back from the gates of Hutchings and Bishop’s schools, St Mary’s School also did not let me enter. A security guard accepted the letter. At Dastur school, I did get to see the principal, but the school refused to accept the letter,” said a ZP official who had gone to these four schools.
“Schools are so wary and the moment they hear anything has to do with RTE, they refuse to accept it. This is wrong. RTE is not just about 25 per cent reservation for economically weaker sections. It deals with other things and self-declaration form is one. Another point is if the Zilla Parishad or any other government body sends any letter, the schools should at least accept it as they are governed by the same laws as other schools. It is then up to them as to what reply they give to the letter,” said another ZP official.
When contacted, a Dastur school official said, “There was an official from ZP. We let him come inside and the headmistress talked to him. We do not come under RTE Act so apparently she did not accept the letter. Neither have we received anything by post.”
A Bishop’s school official denied the visit of any ZP official. “I checked with the security guard. No official has come to our school from ZP. But we just want to clarify that the Supreme Court has exempted us from the RTE Act,” said the official on behalf of the school.
A Hutchings school official continued…

Developing countries object  climate talks flounderWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:38 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 4:39 am
The climate talks at Lima were on the brink of collapse on Saturday after two attempts to push through watered-down proposals were rejected by developing countries, forcing the head of negotiations to summon the delegates for an extra day of work.
The two-week-long negotiations were supposed to have ended on Friday evening with a decision on the kind of climate actions that countries could take in order to claim them as their “contribution” to the global fight against climate change.
These “contributions”, the magnitude of which is to be determined by the country itself, and hence called Intended Nationally Determined Contributions, or INDCs, are to become the backbone of a new international legal architecture on climate change, which is supposed to be finalised at next year’s climate talks in Paris.
In Lima, the countries were also to suggest other features of this international legal architecture, giving them a year to negotiate and come to an agreement during the Paris conference. The architecture, if agreed in Paris, would come into effect in 2020.
But deep divisions in the positions of developed and developing countries blocked any progress on Friday, and by evening,  countries had abandoned the formal processes to huddle in small informal groups and bilateral meetings in a desperate bid to forge an agreement.
The talks went into extra time, till the early hours of Saturday morning. But a new draft decision text, introduced at 2.30 in the morning, widened the rift further and gave rise to much distrust as a number of countries accused the head of negotiations of attempting to push unacceptable proposals down their throats as fait accompli.
As country after country got up to say that they had not been consulted in preparing the draft text and protested against the half an hour given to them to study it and make amendments, the head of negotiations was left with no option but to close the proceedings for the day and ask the delegates to reconvene on Saturday morning.
Venezuela’s representative said the way countries were being asked to approve the text, he was reminded of Copenhagen. At the 2009 climate conference in Copenhagen, an agreement was thrust on the countries at the last minute, leading to much heartburn.
Christian Aid’s senior climate change advisor, Mohamed Adow, blamed the co-chairs of the working group that proposed the draft for a shoddy job and non-transparent manner of working. “The co-chairs have only themselves to blame for the shambles we now find ourselves in.
They have been ineffective and allowed governments to stall the progress. The latest text was left completely bare. By consulting with only the major powers like the US continued…

Weeds keep migratory birds away from Kamnath damWritten by Gopal B Kateshiya | Rajkot |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:35 am
Migratory birds are flocking away from Kamnath dam on the outskirts of Amreli this winter as the entire surface of the waterbody is covered by an aquatic weed, making it inhospitable for waterfowls. Local birdwatchers fear that if the weed is not cleared soon, birds might not come for winter even as Amreli municipality says it is working to solve the problem.
First saplings of water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), the aquatic weed, were seen in Kamnath dam in October. By the first week of December, the vegetation, locally called gandi vel, covered almost the entire surface of the water-body.
“Due to the weed, birds like pelican, lesser whistling duck, painted storks, mallards, ibis, egrets, pochards have not been seen in Kamnath this year. Generally, these birds start arriving by November,” said Chetan Vala, a birdwatcher and wildlife photographer.
“During my visit to the dam last week, I spotted only 10 per cent of the number of birds usually seen there. The weed has helped species like common coots, Northern shoveler and egrets which like to forage in environments where they can hide or walk on vegetation. But it has kept away a large number of other species, including those which dive for fish like pelican and darters like great crested grebes,” says Viral Joshi, another birdwatcher.
Kamnath dam was built around 10 years ago with the help of Rotary Club of Amreli. It falls within the limits of Amreli municipality but the civic body says its direct control rests with the state irrigation department. When the dam was constructed, a channel parallel to the river was also created to carry sewage water downstream. However, Amjad Kureshi, a wildlife enthusiast says the channel has choked at many spots and sewage water from the town flows into the dam.
“Yes, sewage empties into the dam but work for laying under-ground drainage line is in progress and once it is completed, this problem will be solved permanently. In immediate terms, we have brought the problem of vegetation to the notice of municipality president and we expect general board to approve a budget for clearing it at the next meeting,” said Sagar Radia, chief officer of Amreli municipality.
But the general board meeting of the civic body can be months away and Rotary Club says it can’t wait till that long.”The cleaning of the dam has to happen at the earliest. We have a boat and are in contact with authorities in Junagadh who had solved the same problem in Narsinh Mehta Lake there. They have equipment to cut the weed. Once we get the equipment, we shall seek cooperation of Amreli municipality to take up cleaning as a Swachh Bharat drive,” said Satish Adadiya, founder-member of Rotary Club of Amreli.
Amreli Collector Ajay Kumar continued…

Expecting lc to uc on mondayCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

No. do not buy guj boro now. there is a dispute regarding gas prices i...Silver Member
18 Followers
A fox fell asleep below a grapes tree keeping his greed to take some grapes. While in sleep, he dreamt that a heavy storm came, the tree is uprooted and he is eating all the grapes. Just go on dreaming like that and fall asleep.
In reply to : Guest message
1.23 AM Dec 11th 2014   |         |   Rated by

A $400-bn plan with fair returns will ensure 24x7 power: piyush goyal ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I was married to this stock for 5 years. during those days at least th...Silver Member
1 Followers
I was married to this stock for 5 years. During those days at least they made profit. But now they are making losses and diluting equity thru qip. Last quarter they paid interst of close to 69 crores which in my paid paid by HDFC and IDFC mutual funds thru QIP. My experience with Kesoram industries s that its not good to stick with loss making companies, because it takes a long for them to turn profit. only siverline is that promoter has bought shares at 52. take your call. my views might be biased
In reply to : RahulAgarwal message
7.48 AM Dec 14th 2014

Investor Summit - Rakesh JhunjhunwalaKunj Bansal of Centrum Wealth Management is upbeat on the PSU banking space and would be a buyer in them.  He thinks there is more value in PSU banks than private sector banks....
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

India s Asha Bhat wins Miss Supranational 2014Bigg Boss 8
India’s Asha Bhat wins Miss Supranational 2014
Asha Bhat has made the country proud by winning the coveted title of Miss Supranational 2014 held in Poland on December 5. Asha looked dazzling in a beautiful Gavin Miguel gown and was crowned by the reigning Miss Supranational, Mutya Datul from Phillipines. The gown depicted Femme Fatale. Asha Bhat is the first Indian to win this title with a prize money of USD 25000.
Asha won the title of Miss Talent with a sizzling Bollywood Fusion Performance, choreographed by KhushNuma Daruvalla. She also competed in various sub-titles like Best National Costume, Miss Best Body, and Miss Fashion Show.
“I am ecstatic. It’s an unbelievable feeling and I couldn’t feel more proud. I am happy to have won this title for my country. I am extremely thankful to the Miss India Organization for giving me this wonderful opportunity to prove myself. Now, I am just waiting to come back to my country and meet my family and friends who supported me throughout my journey,” Asha said.
A team of panellists and experts from the Industry such as Ritu Kumar, Dr. Jamuna Pai, Sabira Merchant, Dr.Sandesh Mayekar, Dessange Paris contributed towards her preparation.
For more info, log on towww.missdiva.com

Mountains of plastic waste afloat in the oceansUpdated: December 11, 2014 09:42 IST
Mountains of plastic waste afloat in the oceans
R. PRASAD
AP
Of the 269,000 tonnes of floating plastic waste, 35.8 per cent is in the North Pacific Ocean.
TOPICS
environmental issues
Believe it or not, nearly 269,000 tonnes of plastic comprising an estimated 5.25 trillion plastic particles are floating in the world’s oceans, including the Bay of Bengal. This estimate does not take into account the amount of plastic waste found in the shorelines, on the seabed, suspended in the water column and that consumed by marine organisms.
The plastic particles are found in three size ranges — microplastic (less than 4.75 mm), mesoplastic (4.75-200 mm) and macroplastic (above 200 mm). The microplastic particles alone are in two size classes — 0.33-1.00 mm and 1.01-4.75 mm.
Of the 269,000 tonnes of floating plastic waste, the larger plastic items are predominant (an estimated 233,000 tonnes).
The results of a study by Marcus Eriksen (the first author) from the Five Gyres Institute, California, are published today (December 11) in the journal PLOS ONE. The results are based on 24 expeditions undertaken between 2007 and 2013 across all the five sub-tropical gyres — North and South Pacific Oceans, North and South Atlantic Oceans and the Indian Ocean — coastal Australia, Bay of Bengal and the Mediterranean Sea.
With nearly 38 per cent of plastic particles and 35.8 per cent of plastic mass, the North Pacific Ocean is the most polluted ocean in the world. The two northern hemisphere oceans (North Atlantic and North Pacific Oceans) together account for 55.6 per cent of plastic particles and 56.8 per cent of plastic mass found in all oceans.
In the southern oceans, the Indian Ocean has far more plastic particles and mass than the South Atlantic and South Pacific Oceans put together.
The expeditions collected the particles using 680 net tows and also undertook visual surveys of large plastic debris.
Since the amount of plastic in shorelines, ocean bottom and suspended in the water column and consumed by marine animals was not taken into account, the authors state: “We stress that our estimates are highly conservative, and may be considered minimum estimates.”
If plastic waste discarded on land causes several problems including death of cattle due to plastic ingestion, the outcome is worse in the case of the marine organisms.
Plastic debris found in oceans has greater potential to degrade into smaller particles (through the action of light and weathering processes) and spread from the point of origin. Marine organisms and sea birds consume the small plastic particles.
According to the paper, since plastic has a greater propensity to adsorb persistent organic pollutants, organisms that consume the plastic particles end up consuming the pollutants, as well. The amount of microplastic in the oceans was estimated to be nearly 36,000 tonnes.
Compared to earlier studies, the scientists found the amount of microplastic floating in the oceans was far less. According to the authors, there is a 100-fold discrepancy in microplastic weight between this study and the earlier ones.
Missing small particles
The relatively smaller quantities of microplastic on the ocean surface reflect its loss or systematic removal. According to them, UV degradation, biodegradation by bacteria and other microorgansims, ingestion by marine organisms and settling to the ocean bottom due to increased weight may be some of the processes by which microplastic particles are removed from the sea surface.
Though the exact contribution from these removal processes is not known, one thing has become increasingly clear. Contrary to the earlier notion, many more marine organisms have been found to consume microplastic particles.
This could be either from direct ingestion of the particles or by preying on smaller organisms that have already consumed the plastic waste. This could lead to bioaccumulation of plastic in bigger marine animals and sea birds.
Unlike in the case of larger plastic waste floating in the oceans, removing the microsized ones that have settled to the ocean bottom is not feasible. This “reinforces the need for pre-consumer and post-consumer waste stream solutions to reverse this growing environmental problem,” they warn.

The Johnny Football Revolution Will Be TelevisedThe Johnny Football Revolution Will Be Televised, By FOX
Posted:
Updated:
12/12/2014 10:59 am EST
ORCHARD PARK, NY - NOVEMBER 30:  Johnny Manziel #2 of the Cleveland Browns celebrates a touchdown against the Buffalo Bills during the second half at Ralph Wilson Stadium on November 30, 2014 in Orchard Park, New York.  (Photo by Tom Szczerbowski/Getty Images) | Tom Szczerbowski via Getty Images
Fox Sports has decided to go with Johnny Manziel over Aaron Rodgers this Sunday. The network has made the Cincinnati Bengals and Cleveland Browns a priority, putting its No. 2 broadcast team of Kevin Burkhardt and John Lynch on the scene , instead of their originally scheduled game of Packers-Bills. Lynch revealed the switch on Mike & Mike this morning.
John Lynch tells Mike and Mike that he was slated to do the GB game, but was then assigned CLE because Manziel is bigger story than Rodgers.
— Tony Gerdeman (@GerdOZone) December 11, 2014
The game will also be shown to 46 percent of the country, per Neil Best , making it Fox’s top early afternoon game. It’s an interesting move from a football perspective, when you consider how many people would love to see Rodgers and the Packers high-flying attack. Rodgers is likely going to win the MVP, and Manziel might throw for 75 yards and three interceptions before being benched at halftime.
Of course, it is the power of Johnny Football that is forcing this move, with Fox believing that Manziel in his first start will captivate the nation.
This is the first year of cross-flexing, with CBS broadcasting certain NFC games while Fox takes a handful of AFC contests. For Fox, it must be wildly cheering in board rooms with this matchup, luckily drawing the first career start for Manziel instead of getting Brian Hoyer vs. Andy Dalton in a stadium filled with angry people from both fan bases who have not seen a playoff win since 1994.
More:

Seasonal trends could affect third quarter revenue: TCSRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Country’s largest software services firm Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) expects its revenue in the October-December 2014 quarter to be ‘in line with seasonal trends’.
The third quarter of the fiscal is traditionally weaker for IT firms as business is impacted by low volume growth amid Christmas and New Year holidays and furloughs in the US and Europe.
US and Europe are the key markets for the over USD 100 billion Indian outsourcing sector.
“Q3 2015 revenue expected to be in-line with seasonal trends. Retail, Manufacturing and Hi-Tech likely to see impact of holidays and furloughs,” TCS said in an investor presentation today.
It added that banking, financial services and insurance continue to be impacted. While, the company expects telecom and smaller verticals to grow better than the company average.
On geographies, TCS said the demand environment in North America is in-line, adjusted for seasonal weakness.
“Europe to grow better than average while UK remains weak due to seasonality and impact of insurance,” it said.
Shares of the company closed 1.48 per cent down at Rs 2,455.70 apiece on the BSE.
Post Comments
More from companies

Pakistan doctor Shakil Afridi linked with CIA under  severe  life threatBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: December 13, 2014 3:59 pm
A Pakistani doctor, who was sentenced to 33 years in jail for helping CIA track down former al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden in 2011, may be rescued or killed in a “covert or overt operation”, officials have warned.
In a letter to federal authorities, the Khyber-Pakhtunkhawa government has warned of a severe life threat to Dr Shakil Afridi, lodged in the Central Prison in the provincial capital Peshawar.
The 50-year-old physician, who worked with the CIA on a fake vaccination operation to confirm the location of bin Laden in the garrison city of Abbottobad, has been jailed for 33 years. In March, Afridi’s sentence was reduced by a decade to 23 years.
The Express Tribune reported that the letter written by provincial Home Secretary has conveyed the threat to the province’s Chief Minister, Inspector General of Police, Ministries of Defence, Interior, states and frontier region and Chief Secretary of Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata).
“Focus of all the international media and superpowers is on him [Afridi] due to his suspicious role in Osama operation- plans to either kill him by his adversaries or his supporters [or] to rescue him through overt or covert operations have been hatched,” reads the letter.
It asked the federal government to shift Afridi to Punjab’s Attock Jail or to any other prison held by Pakistan Army and other forces. The letter claimed that militants have planned to carry out a vehicle-borne attack on this prison.
“His [Afridi] further presence in the K-P prison has not only endangered other prisoners’ and staffs’ lives but also put at risk the adjoining police lines, session courts and civil secretariat,” the letter said, adding that “his further confinement in any prison cell of the K-P may be catastrophic.”
The provincial government has argued that Afridi has been jailed for offences occurred in Fata as such his confinement is the responsibility of the ministry of the frontier region.
Ijaz Mohmand, a key member of Afridi’s legal team, told the daily that he agreed that his client’s life is in danger.
Afridi was arrested for running a fake vaccination campaign to confirm the presence of bin Laden before the former Qaeda chief was killed in a covert operation in 2011.

Weeds keep migratory birds away from KamnathdamWritten by Gopal B Kateshiya | Rajkot |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:35 am
Migratory birds are flocking away from Kamnath dam on the outskirts of Amreli this winter as the entire surface of the waterbody is covered by an aquatic weed, making it inhospitable for waterfowls. Local birdwatchers fear that if the weed is not cleared soon, birds might not come for winter even as Amreli municipality says it is working to solve the problem.
First saplings of water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), the aquatic weed, were seen in Kamnath dam in October. By the first week of December, the vegetation, locally called gandi vel, covered almost the entire surface of the water-body.
“Due to the weed, birds like pelican, lesser whistling duck, painted storks, mallards, ibis, egrets, pochards have not been seen in Kamnath this year. Generally, these birds start arriving by November,” said Chetan Vala, a birdwatcher and wildlife photographer.
“During my visit to the dam last week, I spotted only 10 per cent of the number of birds usually seen there. The weed has helped species like common coots, Northern shoveler and egrets which like to forage in environments where they can hide or walk on vegetation. But it has kept away a large number of other species, including those which dive for fish like pelican and darters like great crested grebes,” says Viral Joshi, another birdwatcher.
Kamnath dam was built around 10 years ago with the help of Rotary Club of Amreli. It falls within the limits of Amreli municipality but the civic body says its direct control rests with the state irrigation department. When the dam was constructed, a channel parallel to the river was also created to carry sewage water downstream. However, Amjad Kureshi, a wildlife enthusiast says the channel has choked at many spots and sewage water from the town flows into the dam.
“Yes, sewage empties into the dam but work for laying under-ground drainage line is in progress and once it is completed, this problem will be solved permanently. In immediate terms, we have brought the problem of vegetation to the notice of municipality president and we expect general board to approve a budget for clearing it at the next meeting,” said Sagar Radia, chief officer of Amreli municipality.
But the general board meeting of the civic body can be months away and Rotary Club says it can’t wait till that long.”The cleaning of the dam has to happen at the earliest. We have a boat and are in contact with authorities in Junagadh who had solved the same problem in Narsinh Mehta Lake there. They have equipment to cut the weed. Once we get the equipment, we shall seek cooperation of Amreli municipality to take up cleaning as a Swachh Bharat drive,” said Satish Adadiya, founder-member of Rotary Club of Amreli.
Amreli Collector Ajay Kumar continued…

A quick dose of quirky information on Indian...A quick dose of quirky information on Indian Railways
Dec 14, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Indian Railways
(With the government once…)
With the government once again turning its attention to fixing the problems of the Indian Railways , the focus will be on increasing earnings from passengers
No. of passengers caught travelling without tickets or with improper tickets in September 2014: 1.39 million
Amount earned from fines: Rs 54.38 crore
No. of passengers without tickets or improper tickets between April-September 2014: 9.82 million
Amount earned from fines: Rs 391 crore
Northern Railway Division with largest number of ticketless passengers
No of passengers caught between April-September 2014 on Nothern Railways: 1.76 million
(Source : Indian Railways)

Kannur team wins The Hindu Young World quizUpdated: December 14, 2014 08:23 IST
Kannur team wins The Hindu Young World quiz
Staff Reporter
Tweet
Sidharth G. Krishnan and Ashwin Unni who topped The Hindu Young World Quiz 2014 held in Kozhikode on Saturday, along with chief guest V.S. Ramachandran, Director, Regional Science Centre and Planetarium. The bicycles were given as prizes to the winners. Photo: S. Ramesh Kurup
Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan students bag first three prizes
Sidharth G.Krishnan and Ashwin Unni, eighth standard students of Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Kakkad, Kannur, won the regional finals of The Hindu Young World Quiz held at CMI Public School, Devagiri, here on Saturday scoring 93 points.
The second prize was won by a team comprising N. Arjun and Niranjan Rajesh from Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Perunthuruthi, while their schoolmates S. Niranjan and S. Adithyan came third. All four are eighth standard students.
Around 100 teams from Kozhikode, Malappuram, Wayanad, Kannur, and Kasargod districts took part in the exciting preliminary round of the competition, which was a written test.
The host team of Rishi Saboo and Ashwin Prasanth, a team from Spring Valley School comprising Niranjan J. Nair and T. Ashwin, and a team from Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Chevayur, comprising Devdutt Krishna and Hafiz Younis were also in the finals.
Director of the Regional Science Centre and Planetarium, Kozhikode, V.S. Ramachandran was the chief guest at the prize-distribution ceremony in the evening. Children these days were really smart, he said, adding that he did not expect them to answer some of the tough questions. “They are getting smarter by the day,” Mr.Ramachandran said in his address.
He gave away the prizes to the winners that consisted of trophies, bags of cashews, certificates, and a bicycle for each of the team members. The other finalists received trophies, cashew bags, and certificates as well. The Hindu Young World Quiz was being held for the 15th year and it was being held in Kozhikode for the tenth time. As usual, veteran V.V. Ramanan was the quizmaster.
Britannia Milk Bikis was the title sponsor of the event while Fire Fox was the associate sponsor. Reynolds, Success Note Books, and Capex cashews were the gift sponsors while CMI Public School was the venue sponsor.

$1.1 trillion spending bill clears hurdle in Senate$1.1 trillion spending bill clears hurdle in Senate
Pa sir we have now only 8 trading days n the weekly close should be ve...Gold Member
9 Followers
PA sir & swingy sir, but before bounce back we can hit 8180-50 level on monday considering weak IIP numbers & heavy fall in europe & us  and then sharp bounce back upto atleast 8360 level in rest of the week. I think it will be good strategy to write 8300 or 8400 PE of janaury if  we see 8180 level & hold on monday. Please suggest will that be a good stategy for next week?
In reply to : Perfect Analyst message
9.32 AM Dec 13th 2014   |         |   Rated by

Hello kavi kalidoss  how are you have a good week end697 Followers
Reposted about 4 days 6 hrs 27 min 31 sec ago by New Boarder
GM Friends ..some one here is working very hard !...hope some here benefit ..Now the commentary : Smartest of the  money thinks moving out their billions  once the indices hit the top , specially those who do not expect Modi to walk the talk fully, the indicators say this  , China another big market is up 40% from the bottom .
If you are a money manager today with a few billions in India profits to protect ...and looking at a Modi budget 3 months away ..you have two simple  choices 1. stay put 2. sell and wait for the budget . I would logically  prefer option 2 as even if the budget delivers as expected , can enter at a far  lower point than today while the FM speech is on and TV experts are driving up the indices ...rgds
In reply to : kavi53 message
6.00 AM Dec 14th 2014   |         |   Rated by

No probs this time do as we say.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Arrest of maran brothers is certain now.Gold Member
25 Followers
ED wants to interrogate Maran brothers once again. Those who know the functioning of ED will agree that a 2nd round happens only when enough evidence is avaialble.
1.06 PM Dec 13th 2014

Cheap fuel powers big car sales in USCheaper fuel revives popularity of bigger vehicles in the US
Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3b6097f0-7eea-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hohn to pay ex-wife third of $1.5bn fortune© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3afcbe26-8221-11e4-ace7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP says  ban   Jamait Ulema-e-Hind sees redPakistani boat carrying explosives caught by Indian Coast Guard off Gujarat; 4 men refuse to surrender, 'blow themselves up'
Jamait Ulema-e-Hind (JUH), which provides free legal aid to Muslim youths held in terror- related cases, today rejected a Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLA’s charge that it was promoting terrorism and criticised him for demanding a ban on the organisation.
The outfit said charges levelled by Ashish Shelar, BJP legislator who is also President of the party’s Mumbai City unit, were completely “false, baseless and defamatory”.
The organisation was referring to allegations recently made by Shelar on the floor of Maharashtra Assembly, currently having its winter session in Nagpur, that JUH collects “huge” donations to fight cases for people arrested on terror charges and should be banned as it “promotes” terrorism.
“It (Shelar’s charge) is completely false, baseless, defamatory, shameful and needs to be condemned in strongest words,” Jamiat President Maulana Mustaqeem, and Secretary of its Legal Cell, Gulzar Azmi, said in a statement here.
Jamait-e-Ulema said it was providing legal assistance not only to members of its community but also to non-Muslims held in serious crimes, including terrorism, who it believes are “innocent”.
The outfit denied it was providing legal aid to Abu Jundal, LeT operative arrested in 26/11 attack case.
“We are providing legal aid to 400 people booked in 55 cases across India. But before deciding to take up a case our organisation makes sure that it vetted by expert lawyers and antecedents of the accused/victims are also checked”, the Jamait’s office-bearers added.
Jamait also provides help to riot-hit people and those affected by natural calamities, the statement said.
“It has come to Jamait’s notice that several times innocent Muslim youths are arrested by police on the pretext of conducting investigations and in the interests of national security. It is a serious issue….a moral and social issue, and hence, if we are satisfied that the person is innocent, we take up the case,” it added.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

If image is proof  PM Narendra Modi should be arrested: Mamata BanerjeePakistani boat carrying explosives caught by Indian Coast Guard off Gujarat; 4 men refuse to surrender, 'blow themselves up'
Rejecting the demand for sacking Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrested in Saradha scam case, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today stepped up her attack on Narendra Modi saying “if image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then the Prime Minister should be arrested for Sahara scam.”
Appparently referring to photos of Mitra sharing the dais with Saradha Group chairman Sudipata Sen, who is now in judicial custody in connection with the scam, at a function, Banerjee said “if an image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then the PM should be arrested for Sahara scam.
“There are photos of several CPI-M leaders with chit fund owners. There are photos of the PM with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that CBI arrest PM Narendra Modi? Banerjee told a rally of TMC workers here.
She said she would not fire Mitra as minister in the wake of his arrest and added that for the time being she will oversee the departments held by him.
Banerjee said Trinamool MPs would stage protests in parliament from Monday against the arrest of Mitra.
She charged CBI’s image has been “dented” and it has been turned into a “political tool.”
“CBI has lost all credentials. It has become His Master’s Voice. CBI has become a political tool. It is time to wind it up. TMC MPs will protest in Parliament from Monday (December 15) against BJP’s politics of vendetta,” she charged.
“Stay within your limits or face the music,” she warned BJP and the Centre and added “people of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power.”
In keeping with her street-fighter image, Banerjee hit the road along with thousands of partymen, including ministers and several sportspersons in a protest march against the arrest.
Banerjee defended Mitra and said “I do not believe that Madan is a thief or dacoit. His family pecuniary condition is not such that he had to take this money (from Saradha ponzi group) to sustain his family.”
The chief minister said Mitra, a key party organiser and also state Sports Minister, was called as a “witness” to the CBI office and was arrested hours after and claimed this was done following a phone call from Delhi.
“His (Mitra’s) son, who met him after the arrest, was told by Madan that CBI officials were just interacting with him and asking him as to which school and college he had studied in. At this stage, a phone call came from Delhi, following which he was arrested.
“Madan was called as a witness. If after being called as a witness, one gets arrested this way then no one will go to depose as witness,” Banerjee said.
Referring to TMC’s strength in Parliament, Banerjee said two or three of its MPs have been arrested in connection with scam so that it cannot use its full strength to cast votes against the central government.
Accusing BJP of playing politics of vindictiveness, she warned “it will boomerang on you when you will be out of power.”
“I must tell those who are in power – stay within your limits or you will face the music … Governments come and go, democracy remains forever. Those in power in Delhi must remember that,” the TMC supremo said.
“I am now in a position (as chief minister). If I had not been in this position, I would have pulled out the tongue,” Banerjee said without elaborating.
“One BJP leader (Siddharth Nath Singh) and warned they will arrest Madan (Mitra) in 2014, Mukul (Roy) in 2015 and Mamata (herself) in 2016. What audacity ! We will see who stands where (in the elections).”
She asked party cadre to politically fight BJP. “They are trying to start riots in the state. We will never let them make this possible. What will happen if we (the state government) start arresting them ?
CPI-M reiterated its demand of questioning Banerjee in connection with the Saradha scam and termed her challenge to CBI to arrest her as “unconstitutional.”
“She has challenged the Supreme Court’s directive to CBI to probe the Saradha scam … Being the chief minister of a state, how can she do this ? This is against Constitution… We are ashamed of this,” Leader of Opposition in the state Surkyakanta Mishra said at a rally here.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Sack UP Guv Ram Naik for Ram temple remarks: ex-HC CJ justice SacharPakistani boat carrying explosives caught by Indian Coast Guard off Gujarat; 4 men refuse to surrender, 'blow themselves up'
Former Delhi High Court Chief Justice Rajindar Sachar today slammed Uttar Pradesh Governor Ram Naik for his comment that a Ram temple should be built in Ayodhya and said it was a “fit case” for removal from the post.
Calling Naik’s comments as “gratuitous insult” to right thinking people, Sachar said he was shocked at the “constitutional impropriety” of the Governor.
“His describing it as a desire by every one is a crude partisan political statement. Surely he knows that this disruptive action of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) has already done immense damage to the secular face of India,” he said.
Sachar, who had brought out a report on condition of Muslims in India in 2006, said, “It is a gratuitous insult not only to the biggest minority but to overwhelming population in in the country who are against creating a religious divide.”
Naik on Thursday had said a Ram temple should be built at the site of Babri Masjid as per the “wishes of Indian citizens”.
“I have no doubt that at the minimum it is a fit case where the least that central government is expected to do is to transfer him to another state though frankly it is a fit case for removal of the Governor,” he said.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

IT sector delivers big bucks  but PSUs play party spoilerEarnings growth, policy, rate cut to shape market movement in 2015
After a gap of nine years, the IT space has emerged as the largest wealth-creating sector for the five years ending 2014, shows the 19th wealth creation study by Motilal Oswal Securities.
The annual study, which lists 100 biggest and fastest wealth creators for the latest five years, showed that TCS retained its top spot for a second consecutive year as its market value expanded by R3.64 lakh crore on the back of a 51% CAGR in its price in the period.
The top-four IT companies collectively accounted for more than 22% of the R29.381 lakh crore of market value generated by the top-100 wealth creators in the last five years. The sector added R7.1 lakh crore of wealth.
With companies like HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and HDFC doing exceedingly well, the banking and financial space emerged as the second prominent contributor to the top-10 list as, collectively, they reported a R3.27-lakh-crore jump in market value in the period under review.
ITC, Sun Pharma and Tata Motors concluded the top-10 list. While, with a more than 90% CAGR price movement, Eicher Motors and Bajaj Finance led the list of the fastest wealth creators, Amara Raja Batteries, Page Industries, IndusInd Bank, Aurobindo Pharma, Havells and Ipca Labs were part of the group too.
At five, the number of PSUs on the list fell to an all-time low. The aggregate wealth creation by these companies (BPCL, Petronet LNG, Bank of Baroda, REC and J&K Bank) also fell to as low as 2% compared to a 51% growth distributed among 30 PSU companies in the five years ended 2005, indicating value migration to the private sector.
“How to turn around the PSU segment is a big challenge for the government,” said Raamdeo Agrawal, joint MD, Motilal Oswal Financial Services, who leads the annual study.
PSUs also dominated the array of top-10 wealth destroyers, with MMTC, NTPC, BHEL, SAIL and NMDC losing R1.57 lakh crore among themselves in the last five years. Reliance Communication featured on the list for the fourth consecutive year as did sister company Reliance Power, for the second year running. Utilities and capital goods, real estate and metals & mining led the list of sectors that accounted for substantial wealth erosion in the last five years of the order of R2.05 lakh crore.
Meanwhile, sharing the market outlook, the report highlighted that subject to global factors, Indian benchmarks may grow 50% over the next two years. The market-cap-to-GDP ratio for FY15 is likely to be about 77% and has a potential of 50% upside over the next two years as the m-cap heads towards a parity with the GDP.
“Acceleration in earnings growth is elusive so far, but is a must from FY16 if the current market up-move is to sustain,” noted the study.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Watch Live as Senate Votes on Spending Bill to Fund the Governmentwatch live as senate votes on spending bill to fund the government
Fourth phase of Assembly elections in Jammu & Kashmir  Jharkhand todayFourth phase of Assembly elections in Jammu & Kashmir, Jharkhand today
CNN-IBN | Dec 14, 2014 at  10:26am IST
Ranchi/Srinagar: Voting for 18 Assembly constituencies in Jammu & Kashmir and 15 seats in Jharkhand takes place in the fourth phase of Assembly elections in the states on Sunday.
In the penultimate round of the five-phased elections in J&K, the fate of 182 candidates including two chief ministerial aspirants and Speaker of the Assembly will be sealed on Sunday.
Over 14.73 lakh voters including 7.05 lakh females will exercise their franchise at 1,890 polling stations in four districts of the state Srinagar, Anantnag, Shopian (Kashmir Valley) and Samba (Jammu region).
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah is contesting from Sonwar Assembly segment of Srinagar after he chose not to contest from his family stronghold of Ganderbal constituency. Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) patron and party chief ministerial candidate Mufti Mohammad Sayeed is seeking re-election from Anantnag constituency in south Kashmir.
The 15 constituencies that go to polls in Jharkhand on Sunday are, Madhupur, Deogarh (SC), Bagodar, Jamua (SC), Gandey, Giridih, Dumri, Bokaro, Chandankyari (SC), Sindri, Nirsa, Dhanbad, Jharia, Tundi and Baghmara. Amongst these constituencies, several are affected by Maoist violence.
There are a total of 43,48,709 voters eligible to choose their candidates and the electorate boasts of as many as 2,23,626 voters in the 18/19 age group.
Three ministers - Mannan Mallick (Congress-Dhanbad), Suresh Paswan (RJD-Deogarh) and Haji Hussain Ansari (JMM-Madhupur)- are among 217 candidates, including 16 women, in the fray. As many as 11 MLAs are also seeking re-election.
Former Jharkhand Chief Minister Babulal Marandi, whose fate has already been sealed at Dhanwar seat in the third phase polling, is locked in a battle with his former 'disciple' Nirbhay Sahabadi of the BJP from Giridih seat.
(With inputs from PTI)
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Thousands rally across US over policekillingsBy: Agence-France Presse | New York |
Posted: December 14, 2014 8:40 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 9:14 am
Thousands of people marched in several US cities to demand justice for black men killed by white police, the latest in weeks of demonstrations across the United States.
The families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner were among the demonstrators on Saturday in the heart of the US capital Washington for the “Justice For All March,” part of a growing protest movement sparked by the fatal August shooting of the unarmed Brown, 18.
A grand jury decision last month not to indict police officer Darren Wilson over the killing in Ferguson, Missouri, was followed by another that also declined to charge another white policeman in the Staten Island “chokehold” death of Eric Garner.
Their deaths, and that of 12-year-old Tamir Rice — shot dead last month by Cleveland police as he brandished a toy gun– unleashed simmering resentment of police tactics in the United States and underlined the distrust many African American men feel toward law enforcement.
Rice’s family and relatives of Trayvon Martin — shot and killed in Florida by a neighborhood watchman in 2012 — were also at the Washington march, which was mirrored by crowds that flooded downtown New York in protest.
Thousands more gathered in chilly Manhattan, shutting down major roads, with protesters shouting “We will shut New York City down” and “Black lives matter.”
Some carried black cutouts of human figures scribed with “RIP” along with the names of those killed by police, while others shouted “Justice now! The whole damn system is guilty as hell.”
Bartender Cole Fox, 24, marched with his mother and held a banner reading, “Grand Jury Reform Now.” “Fundamental changes need to be made. It’s just a matter of days before the next person, black or white, is killed,” he said.
Student Rosalind Watson, 21, decried “institutional racism.” “If one person sees this march and feels more supported and safe, it’ll be a success,” she said at the spirited protest.
Crowds also gathered in Boston as part of the movement, and Massachusetts State Police said several people had been arrested while some roads were blocked.
Demonstrators also turned out in Berkeley, California, where an effigy of a black man was hung by a noose at the entrance of a university with the words “I can’t breathe” scrawled on its chest.

The grim reality of Delhis green spacesNEW DELHI, December 14, 2014
Updated: December 14, 2014 08:56 IST
The grim reality of Delhi’s green spaces
Damini Nath
A civic body park at Adarsh Nagar in North-West Delhi. File Photo: Sushil Kumar Verma
‘There are problems with the maintenance of our parks’
Five-year-old Reena’s fate could be repeated with children across the Capital, with many public parks posing a risk through their rusted swings, faulty gates and other hazards.
Reena was on the swings at a New Moti Nagar park on Thursday when a part of the metallic frame fell, killing the child. The North Delhi Municipal Corporation, which maintains the park, suspended five officials and instituted an inquiry on Friday.
North Corporation Commissioner Pravin Kumar Gupta admitted on Saturday that “there are problems” with the maintenance of the civic body’s 5,500 parks.
“We have noticed some issues. We are doing a survey of all parks and schools to see the condition of the swings, gates and grills. If any safety hazards are found, they will be removed,” said Mr. Gupta.
Officials said the park where the incident occurred was relatively well maintained as it was near the house of area councillor Surinder Kaur. The playing apparatus had even undergone repair in February this year. However, officials said it appears the frame was not strong enough.
Parks across Delhi have similar stories to tell. From lack of cleanliness at a Delhi Development Authority park in Masjid Moth to dangerous swings at the East Delhi Municipal Corporation’s park in Mayur Vihar, green spaces have become rather grim.
The EDMC-maintained park next to Garud Apartments in Mayur Vihar has been overrun by weeds, the swings have a layer of rust and piles of dead leaves all over.
A security guard at the apartments said children preferred to play on the streets rather than the messy park. The park was deserted when The Hindu visited on Saturday.
EDMC spokesperson Y.S. Mann said the civic body had chalked up a phased plan to improve such parks. “We have identified 106 parks for improvement for next year. Some of these parks have been handed over to us by the DDA recently so we are working on them,” said the spokesperson.
As per the Delhi Government’s own Park Survey-2014, many of the parks are in a poor condition. Delhi Parks and Garden Society CEO Dr. S.D. Singh said in the five years since the annual survey was started, this year has seen the best result.
“The condition of parks is improving. This year, a majority of the parks fell into the ‘satisfactory’ category,” said Dr. Singh.
He added that the parks maintained by RWAs or with the help of residents were better off than those left just to the agencies. According to the survey, he said parks in South Delhi were the best, followed by North and East.
‘Lack of resources, staff to be blamed’
The lack of resources, including gardeners and funds, for maintaining and overhauling facilities are to be blamed for the poor condition of many parks, municipal officials said on Saturday.
This admission comes in the wake of a five-year-old child dying after falling from a swing at a municipal park in New Moti Nagar. The park is maintained by the North Delhi Municipal Corporation, which has 16 children’s parks in its jurisdiction.
North Corporation Commissioner Pravin Kumar Gupta said there was a shortage of staff in the Horticulture Department. “We are short of 1,400 gardeners. There are many swings and gates that have become old, but we don’t have the funds to replace them all at once,” said Mr. Gupta. However, he added that the civic body would start removing the swings and gates that have become dangerous.
The South Delhi Municipal Corporation has also started surveying its parks for possible hazards. SDMC Standing Committee chairperson Subhash Arya said on Saturday that officials had been ordered 15 days ago to start repair work of swings.
“In the winter, children visit parks less frequently and with school exams going on, we thought we should finish all maintenance work before vacations,” said Mr. Arya.
He added that the SDMC has about 700 parks, which have swings and slides for children. “There are many broken chains and seats on the swings that are being replaced,” said Mr. Arya.

Senate moves toward vote on $1.1 trillion spending billSenate moves toward vote on $1.1 trillion spending bill
Ongc has always supported indian govt budget by taking over subsidy bu...Platinum Member
298 Followers
you are right now ongc again obliged FM by declaring interim dividend of 100 percent;Any way i welcome that as the minority shareholders also benefit.
In reply to : john_H message
1.03 PM Dec 14th 2014

Booked loss in lloyd as it trigged my sl of 141.. so sold at 140rs whi...Chief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2991
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
15409
Head - Research
3429
PSU Bankers gather for `Gyan Sangam` in Pune. Is professionalising Govt banks the need of the hour?
Yes

Ipo price is rs. 224; first fccb price is rs. 55; second fccb price t...Platinum Member
151 Followers
Ipo price is rs. 224;  first fccb price is rs. 55; second fccb price to same holders is rs. 14. 25; if the open offer is not satisfied who will accept instead approach sebi.
8.59 AM Dec 14th 2014

See how our govt is playing in comman man life. in 2007 crude oil pric...Platinum Member
105 Followers
See how our govt is playing in comman man life. in 2007 crude oil price was 140$/barrel in peak and petro price were 55RS n diesel price was 42RS, now same crude oil price is just 55$ and petrol is 66RS n diesel is 56RS.. Our govt is doing very well. Nifty Raja
8.57 AM Dec 14th 2014   |         |   Rated by

Brazil Released Its Own Torture Report This Week  And The U.S. Is Implicatedreddit
Every week, we bring you one overlooked aspect of the stories that made news in recent days. You noticed the media forgot all about another story's basic facts? Tweet @TheWorldPost or let us know on our Facebook page.
As Americans learned about the deeply disturbing tactics of the CIA's post-9/11 torture program this week, the government in Brazil released a report filled with its own history of systemic abuses. The nearly-2,000-page report by Brazil's National Truth Commission detailed a pattern of killings and torture during a period of military dictatorship from 1964 to 1985.
The report not only shed light on the brutal methods of Brazilian interrogators, but also showed that the United States and the United Kingdom had trained some of the perpetrators in torture techniques.
An emotional Dilma Rousseff, the country's president now and a victim of torture herself in the 1970s, delivered the findings on Tuesday at a ceremony in the capital, Brasilia.
The truth commission was established by Rousseff in 2012, a move that was welcomed by the United Nations' leading human rights official. Rousseff said at the time that the purpose was not to seek revenge, but rather to bring greater transparency to these events. The Obama administration actively cooperated with the Brazilian government and the truth commission in the investigation, with Vice President Joe Biden personally bringing documents to Rousseff last June.
The military regime that engaged in this campaign of killings and torture had come to power in a 1964 coup. It set out to repress anti-government groups amid fears of a communist uprising. Its targets included leftist and Marxist guerrilla organizations, as well as members of society who were simply deemed subversive , such as gay people, labor unions and indigenous tribes.
The security forces' methods included killings, disappearances, sexual violence and other forms of torture, as The Washington Post notes . There were such horrific violations as "the introduction of insects into victims' bodies," according to Newsweek .
The truth commission identified 377 perpetrators from all levels of the Brazilian state. Many of the accused had received training from the U.S. and U.K. in interrogation tactics that, according to The Guardian , violated human rights.
Buzzfeed writes that a large part of that education occurred at the U.S. Army's School of the Americas. This facility, located in Panama until the mid-1980s, acted as a training ground for military members from many Latin American countries. It has since been renamed the Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation and is now run out of Fort Benning near Columbus, Georgia.
Ethical concerns arose over the School of the Americas' curriculum in the mid-1990s, when declassified U.S. training manuals revealed the nature of the lessons being taught. According to an Amnesty International report , those manuals advocated the use of "torture, extortion, kidnapping and execution" of a regime's foes. Newsweek cites a report by Brazil's O Globo newspaper that says more than 300 Brazilian officers trained at the School of the Americas.
As for British involvement, The Guardian writes that Brazilian officers were flown to London in the 1970s to learn methods of interrogation that included elaborate psychological abuses.
Brazil's report found that 434 deaths -- that's 191 individuals killed and 243 "disappeared" -- and thousands of acts of torture were attributable to the military dictatorship during its two-decade reign. The report also cautioned that the numbers could be higher, for these were only the incidents that could be proved.
Prosecution of those named by the truth commission is unlikely. A controversial 1979 amnesty law, passed as Brazil was moving slowly toward democracy, covers both regime and dissident figures. The current government has also shown no real desire to pursue these cases.
More:

I didn t leave  Bombairiya  in lurch  says Richa ChaddaBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 13, 2014 2:59 pm
Commenting on reports of her walking out of British film “Bombairiya” in the middle, actress Richa Chadda says constant procrastination of the project, which led to clash with her other commitments forced her to opt out of the movie.
Directed by debutant Pia Sukanya, the film is an ode to Mumbai and is being produced by India-born British producer Michael Ward. It was slated to go on floors in December.
“I was approached by Beautiful Bay productions in August 2013 to play the lead in their next film. I agreed because they had a phenomenal script. I stood by them as they found producers and line producers.
“The shoot was initially to start in January 2014 , then April, then July. Finally in August Michael Ward mentioned that he needed more prep time and I told him I had prior commitments till December. After some adjustments on both our parts we were ready to roll in December. They paid me a token to say we intend to make the film.
“While I was away shooting for ‘Masaan’, Michael demanded a change in the schedule yet again. At this point it began to clash with a prior commitment in January, which he was aware of,” read an official statement from the actress.
There were reports that Richa left the filmmakers in lurch because of some other film accusing her of unprofessionalism. The “Fukrey” actress was equally shocked by the claims.
“We tried to work this out… I have waited for the film to take off for more than a year and a half so its a tad unfair to expect me to not honour other film commitments,” the actress said.
The film also stars Akshay Oberoi and Siddhanth Kapoor.

Aamir Khan loses appetite over  PK  releaseBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 3:55 pm
Aamir Khan, who is hopping from one city to another to promote his forthcoming release ‘PK’ , says he’s nervous with butterflies “opening their wings” in his stomach.
The film, directed by Rajkumar Hirani and produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra, releases Dec 19.
“6 days to go guys! In Jaipur today, butterflies are really opening their wings now. I’ve lost my appetite, which is good because I need to lose weight in any case,” Aamir tweeted Saturday.
The actor was recently in Varanasi, Ahmedabad and even Raipur to promote the entertainer, which also stars Anushka Sharma.
Aamir is already over the moon with the feedback he’s received from his family members, and he’s hoping the audience loves it as much too.

Conversion on Dec 25: Aim is to create tension so we cant celebrate ChristmasComments
It was way back in 1917 that Satya Prakash of Aligarh began studying the Bible. He was moved by it and got baptised six years later. Prakash went on to the Bareilly seminary to train as a pastor. To avoid anyone from accusing him of converting in order to marry a Christian woman, he even remained single for almost twenty years, tying the knot only in 1942.
A K Prakash, whose father converted in 1923, rejects 'ghar vaapsi'
The late pastor's son, A K Prakash, was born soon after. Today, the 72 year old former junior engineer with the UP government, leads a retired life at the Bannadevi mission compound on the outskirts of Aligarh, next to the Methodist Church. The church, the biggest one in town, is 114 years old.
Prakash is partly amused, partly worried and partly angry about the announcement of the Sangh Parivar affiliate organisations to organise a 'ghar-vaapsi' program for 5000 Christians in Aligarh on Christmas Day. He and people like him are the Sangh's target group - he is a second generation Christian after all.
But Prakash tells HT, "No one can convert me." He recalls working with RSS sympathisers while in government service who often told him, "You were Hindu, return." Prakash says he made light of the matter by teasing them about how different Hindus picked different days for different Gods to fast. "When you can't be one in one religion, how will you convert us?" That was said in a lighter vein, he says, but his middle name - Khristanand - symbolises how he has found joy in Christ and sees no reason for 'ghar vaapsi'.
But Prakash is worried too - for the day Sangh has picked is Christmas, and this micro minority community in Aligarh does not want trouble. Christian leaders say there are about 10,000 Christians in the district, out of which about 3500 are members of the Methodist Church.
The pastor in charge of the Church, Reverend Harris Yusuf, tells HT, "This is political propaganda. If you believe in Hinduism, it doesn't mean you can convert everyone to the religion. The basic aim is to create fear and tension so that Christians can't celebrate Christmas with peace and love." He says that this goes against the Modi government's slogan of taking all religions and communities together.
Harris has been active in mobilising support. He met the district magistrate on Friday, and the local SP MLA, Zafar Alam on Saturday - demanding that the scheduled program of 25th be banned. The government has assured him of full security and said that no permission for the event will be granted.
The Church leaders also reject Sangh accusations of being active in converting people. "We don't convert here. And those who want to join the faith need to go through an inner transformation first," says Harris.
Another church official adds, "There is a process. A person can come and attend our prayers, read the bible; he then has to sign an affidavit at the court and take permission from the DM and only then can he get baptised. It is a long process and does not involve inducement at all." He adds, "For this so called ghar vaapsi too, there must be a similar legal process.
But what intrigues the Christian leaders of this town the most is who really the Sangh intends to convert. They know most members of their community, especially of their church, by name; they explain that even while shifting towns, one seeks a transfer certificate from the church. "We are 10,000 here, out of which they claim they will convert 5000. Unless they put up fake people to claim they are Christians, this is just impossible," says the official.
The numbers may be implausible, but it is the tone and tenor of the campaign that has worried Aligarh's Christians, including veterans like Prakash, the most. "This is the first time they are trying to disrupt Christmas. It doesn't bode well for the country," he says.

Upset over disruptions in Parliament  govt sets out to pick  tame errant leadersUpset over disruptions in Parliament, govt sets out to pick, tame errant leaders
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 14, 2014
First Published: 00:02 IST(14/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:16 IST(14/12/2014)
Comments
Cornered in Parliament over a string of controversial comments by its leaders and worried these may overshadow its development agenda, the Modi government is on a mission to identify and tame these “loose cannons” so that disruptions can end and the House can get on with important legislative business.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi before the all party leaders meeting at Parliament House in New Delhi. (Arvind Yadav/HT Photo)
With Prime Minister Narendra Modi said to be upset that these incidents threaten to hijack his agenda of development and governance, senior ministers have been deployed to crack the whip on errant leaders. Sources said Union parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu on Friday pulled up BJP’s Unnao MP Sakshi Maharaj for calling Mahatma Gandhi’s killer Nathuram Godse a patriot. Maharaj was earlier forced to apologise for the comment in Lok Sabha.
“We have identified these loose cannons who often land the party in trouble with their public statements. They are ‘soft targets’ for the media . They are being personally advised by senior people in the government to exercise restraint and not derail the development agenda,” a senior cabinet minister told HT.
RSS in no mood to soften stand, will stick to Hindutva agenda
In fact, the first word of caution had come from the PM himself when he had asked BJP MPs at a parliamentary party meeting a fortnight ago not to “address the nation” and limit themselves to talking about their constituencies.
While the sources refused to identify the leaders who have been cautioned, they reportedly include many Hindutva hardliners who rode the Modi wave to be elected to the Lok Sabha.
The government’s headache started with Union minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti asking Delhi voters if they wanted a government formed by “Ramzadon” (children of Ram) or “haramzadon” (those born illegitimately). This was followed by Sakshi Maharaj’s Godse comment and then UP governor Ram Naik said Thursday the “people of the nation want a Ram Mandir (in Ayodhya)”. Backing Naik, Maharaj said “no power on earth can stop the construction of Ram temple”.
All this while, the government was also being cornered in the House over the allegedly forced conversion of Muslims in UP by RSS-affiliated Hindu groups.
“The Opposition wanted to drag the (Godse) subject for some time. We swung into action immediately and did damage control. Similarly, when the Opposition tried to hold Parliament to ransom on Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s remark, the PM came forward to make a statement in Parliament after doing some hard talking at the BJP parliamentary party meeting,” said another minister.
Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said the government was serious about running Parliament and not allowing any incident to overshadow the real issue of development that matters to the people of this country.
Taking exception to Naik’s comments, a senior minister went so far as to say, “The RSS will have to think of reining in its people holding constitutional posts.”
 

Ponzi scheme investors trapped because of their greed: CBI chiefPonzi scheme investors trapped because of their greed: CBI chief
Rebuffed by schools  ZP officials say its RTEeffectWritten by Ardhra Nair | Pune |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:43 am
Schools run by minority institutions are caught in another face-off with Zilla Parishad officials for the familiar reason — the Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009.
Zilla Parishad officials said they had gone to several minority schools to give them self-declaration forms, but the schools reportedly mistook them to be forms related to 25 per cent reservation for economically weaker sections (EWS) under RTE Act and refused to accept the forms. Minority schools have been exempted from reserving 25 per cent seats for economically disadvantaged sections.
“Self-declaration forms are supposed to be submitted by every school every three years. This deals with basic information about the school as to when was it opened, number of classrooms, teachers, availability of playground and toilet and other data. Under RTE Act, it is mandatory for schools to submit this form every three years. The current form is for the period from April 1, 2013 to March 31, 2016.
Almost all schools accepted the forms and filled them but Bishop’s, St Mary’s, Hutchings and Dastur schools did not accept the forms saying they did not come under the purview of RTE,” said Mushtaq Shaikh, Education Officer, Zilla Parishad.
“We have sent them letters by post. If schools do not comply in eight days we will send them a showcause notice. If a school fails to submit the form in time, their recognition can be revoked or a fine of Rs 1 lakh can be levied on them,” added Shaikh.
“I was turned back from the gates of Hutchings and Bishop’s schools, St Mary’s School also did not let me enter. A security guard accepted the letter. At Dastur school, I did get to see the principal, but the school refused to accept the letter,” said a ZP official who had gone to these four schools.
“Schools are so wary and the moment they hear anything has to do with RTE, they refuse to accept it. This is wrong. RTE is not just about 25 per cent reservation for economically weaker sections. It deals with other things and self-declaration form is one. Another point is if the Zilla Parishad or any other government body sends any letter, the schools should at least accept it as they are governed by the same laws as other schools. It is then up to them as to what reply they give to the letter,” said another ZP official.
When contacted, a Dastur school official said, “There was an official from ZP. We let him come inside and the headmistress talked to him. We do not come under RTE Act so apparently she did not accept the letter. Neither have we received anything by post.”
A Bishop’s school official denied the visit of any ZP official. “I checked with the security guard. No official has come to our school from ZP. But we just want to clarify that the Supreme Court has exempted us from the RTE Act,” said the official on behalf of the school.
A Hutchings school official continued…

Developing countries object  climate talksflounderWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:38 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 4:39 am
The climate talks at Lima were on the brink of collapse on Saturday after two attempts to push through watered-down proposals were rejected by developing countries, forcing the head of negotiations to summon the delegates for an extra day of work.
The two-week-long negotiations were supposed to have ended on Friday evening with a decision on the kind of climate actions that countries could take in order to claim them as their “contribution” to the global fight against climate change.
These “contributions”, the magnitude of which is to be determined by the country itself, and hence called Intended Nationally Determined Contributions, or INDCs, are to become the backbone of a new international legal architecture on climate change, which is supposed to be finalised at next year’s climate talks in Paris.
In Lima, the countries were also to suggest other features of this international legal architecture, giving them a year to negotiate and come to an agreement during the Paris conference. The architecture, if agreed in Paris, would come into effect in 2020.
But deep divisions in the positions of developed and developing countries blocked any progress on Friday, and by evening,  countries had abandoned the formal processes to huddle in small informal groups and bilateral meetings in a desperate bid to forge an agreement.
The talks went into extra time, till the early hours of Saturday morning. But a new draft decision text, introduced at 2.30 in the morning, widened the rift further and gave rise to much distrust as a number of countries accused the head of negotiations of attempting to push unacceptable proposals down their throats as fait accompli.
As country after country got up to say that they had not been consulted in preparing the draft text and protested against the half an hour given to them to study it and make amendments, the head of negotiations was left with no option but to close the proceedings for the day and ask the delegates to reconvene on Saturday morning.
Venezuela’s representative said the way countries were being asked to approve the text, he was reminded of Copenhagen. At the 2009 climate conference in Copenhagen, an agreement was thrust on the countries at the last minute, leading to much heartburn.
Christian Aid’s senior climate change advisor, Mohamed Adow, blamed the co-chairs of the working group that proposed the draft for a shoddy job and non-transparent manner of working. “The co-chairs have only themselves to blame for the shambles we now find ourselves in.
They have been ineffective and allowed governments to stall the progress. The latest text was left completely bare. By consulting with only the major powers like the US continued…

Why customers still prefer vintage black & y...ambassador
(A small but fiercely loyal…)
Like many of her age, Friday is the best day for Poorvi Rai. And it was no different on December 5 when the 26-year-old went to Ambience Mall in Gurgaon to celebrate a friend's birthday. The party started at 11 pm and dragged on till the wee hours. Poorvi took a cab and reached home at 3 in the morning. Incredibly, in these times in the national capital region, her father wasn't spending a sleepless night over his daughter's safety. "I know my daughter was safe with the taxi driver," says Anil Rai, with a tone of absolute certainty. "I trust Gurmeet Singh blindly."
It was the same Friday night when a 25-year-old woman executive was allegedly raped by an Uber cab driver when she was returning home to Delhi from Gurgaon. The 64-year-old Rai has been taking a cab from the local taxi stand in Kamla Nagar in north Delhi for the last 20 years. And he knows each driver personally. "Gurmeet has been a part of our family," he says.
It's an emotion reciprocated in equal measure by the taxi driver. "Poorvi is like my daughter," says 55-year-old cabbie Gurmeet Singh. As app-based taxi service aggregators such as Uber, Ola and TaxiForSure face the heat from the government and grapple to come up with a safety policy to win back confidence of enraged women passengers, it is cabbies like Gurmeet who are reaping the benefits of building a business based on trust.
"My friends make fun of me when I travel in a black and yellow Ambassador," says Rai, who works as a project officer at NGO Bachpan Bachao Andolan. "But that's the colour which gives me a sense of comfort and security."
Unlike Mumbai, Delhi's landscape is not dotted with kaali peeli (black and yellow) taxis. However, these taxis, mostly Ambassadors, can be spotted parked at a few local taxi stands in their eternal wait for customers, most of whom prefer more modern vehicles to commute.
Gurmeet Singh, who started 'Guru Nanak Taxi Service' in 2002 with two kaali peeli ambassadors, now has a fleet of eight cars, including one Toyota Innova and two Tata Indigos. However, he still drives his favourite, the Ambassador. "In 12 years, I have added seven cars. But the demand is so huge that I am short of cars," he says.
Loyalty Matters
The size of his fleet pales in comparison to ones owned by radio taxi cabs like Meru or app aggregators like Uber, but Singh's business model has its own ubiquity, advantages — and charm.
He has a set of loyal clients in his area and the business comes by word of mouth. There are no bookings done on a website, forget an app. Singh has a mobile, not a smartphone, but he takes orders on a landline. Payment is not made using debit or credit cards. In fact, one can even delay the payment for weeks, which some of his customers usually do. The cars don't have a GPS, and the drivers don't know English.
"Where we score above organised taxi players is trust. They have made money, we have made loyal consumers," says Singh. Singh's trust-based business model works largely because of its modest scale coupled with a unique system of hiring. All the drivers are either from his immediate family in Delhi or extended ones in Punjab. This ensures familiarity and builds trust, says Singh, who is helped by his son in managing the business. And if at all somebody is hired from outside, it has to be from a reference of any of his family members. "This is the secret behind our success," he says proudly.
"Win trust of the consumers and they in turn will get business." Singh's success mantra, in fact, is an open secret for scores of local taxi stands operators who have been running their business banking on consumers' trust. Manohar Singh is one of them in Rohini, north-west Delhi. Around 7 on a chilly Wednesday morning, Singh is sitting on an old charpoy at his ramshackle taxi stand — an open plastic tent house erected on the pavement with the help of two bamboos — busy jotting down orders for the day in an old diary. After a few minutes, the 75-year-old is joined by his younger brother Pyara Singh and his sons Gurdeep and Charanjeet. His anachronistic black landline phone starts ringing. The loud tring tring sound irritates his son Charanjeet.
 
"My father only takes calls on the landline," quips Charanjeet, who has been trying to get the landline connection removed. "This keeps him in his old world." It's the old world and ways of Manohar Singh that have helped him expand his business since 1995. "We have families that have been with us since last 15 years," says Manohar, finding it difficult to hide his pride. The patriarch is aware of the rape incident that has rocked the nation's conscience. "It's quite unfortunate," he says. Incidents like these give a bad name to the entire driver community, contends Manohar, who still drives a kaali peeli ambassador but only once in a while.

Barwala: Villagers sight leopard  officials sayrumourBy: Express News Service | Panchkula |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:59 am
Panic gripped Jaloli village near Barwala on Saturday after a few villagers claimed to have sighted a leopard and her two cubs sitting on the bank of a stream in the forest area near the village, putting the district police and wildlife authorities on high alert. However, wildlife officials later rubbished the alleged sighting as a false alarm.
According to the Jaloli residents, a few revenue officials were working near the village in the morning when the animal was sighted. “Four revenue officials were marking the forest area beside the village for the construction of dairies here and I was also present with them.
Around 10:30 am, we first spotted some pug marks in the area as the earth was wet due to rain, and then all of us clearly saw a leopard sitting at the bank of Dangri stream along with her two cubs. Stupefied, we looked at the leopard for a few minutes, and ran away.
“We informed the police, and within minutes, officials armed with rifles arrived here. Later, senior police officials and district-level officers arrived here along with wildlife officials,” said Jasmer Singh, the village numberdar, adding that it was not a false alarm as even revenue officials had spotted the animal. The villagers were afraid to venture out into their fields.
According to the police, they reached the spot and found pug marks in the area following which the wildlife department was informed. However, wildlife officials said the pug marks belonged to a bitch.
“These days, residents are going overboard with false alarm. First, a video went viral, then somebody claimed to have spotted a leopard near the gymkhana and now this sighting. In today’s incident, officials went to the spot and ruled out the sighting of a leopard. It has clearly been established that it was a hoax call. The public must understand that we have limited staff and cannot be present everywhere. I appeal to the residents to first verify the presence of a leopard, and not panic. Some mischievous elements are spreading false rumours, it seems,” said Dr Amarinder Kaur, chief wildlife warden.
Recently, a leopard attacked four persons in a village near Raipur Rani following which several alleged sightings have been reported from Panchkula district, including a video of a lion that went viral but turned out to be from another part of the country.

City witnesses seasons firstrainBy: Express News Service | Chandigarh |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:54 am
Following season’s first snowfall in Shimla and other tourist spots such as like Kufri, Fagu, Naldehra and Narkanda on December 14, the dry spell in Chandigarh also ended with 6.3 mm rainfall being recorded till evening.
Cloudy sky along with thunder-showers brought down the temperature in the city. The maximum temperature recorded was 15.2 degree Celsius, which is seven degrees below normal.
Within a day, the maximum temperature has come down by seven degrees on Saturday, as on Friday it was 22.3 degrees. The minimum temperature recorded was 8.7 degree Celsius, which is two degrees above normal.
The amount of rainfall recorded in the city till 8.30 pm was 33.2 mm. The meteorological department has predicted rain and thundershowers in the next 24 hours. The maximum temperature is predicted to be as low as 16 degrees on Sunday and minimum temperature is predicted to be 9 degrees.
Talking to Newsline, Surender Paul, director, Meterological Department said that this year the rainfall was delayed, in comparison to the previous year. “Usually the city witnesses first winter season’s rainfall in November end, however, this time the rainfall was delayed. The reason is western disturbances.”
He said that now onwards there will be a dip in minimum temperature and foggy conditions will prevail.

Poor visibility: RTO helplines do not ring a bell withpassengersWritten by Atikh Rashid | Pune |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:48 am
Telephones that the Regional Transport Office (RTO) has dedicated to passengers for registering complaints against drivers of hired vehicles rarely ring. The helpline numbers can be used to report drivers behaving inappropriately with passengers, charging excess fare or refusing to ferry passengers. Few call up to report errant drivers. A mere 2-3 complaints are registered per day though the city roads see 45,000 auto-rickshaws alone every day. Passengers in general complain a lot about the auto-rickshaws, but rarely make it official with the RTO.
Activists attribute the poor response to the helpline number to lack of awareness and failure of RTO in ensuring that rickshaws and taxis display the helpline number prominently.”
“We receive 60 to 90 complaints a month on our helpline, most about refusal to ply. Once a complaint is received a notice is issued to drivers/owners asking them to report to the RTO within a week. If the driver is found guilty of misbehaving with a passenger, a fine of Rs 500 is imposed and operation of the vehicle is suspended for 10 days. In case of a second offence, penalty is Rs 1000 and operation is suspended for 20 days. If it is repeated, the fine rises to Rs 1,500 and suspension to a month. After the fourth complaint the driver will lose his licence. Registration of vehicle is cancelled. Every month we take action against 15 to 20 drivers based on complaints,” said an RTO official. He agreed that number of complaints was low but he could not pinpoint the cause.
According to activist Baba Shinde, a former member of Regional Transport Committee, the reason was lack of awareness. “In March 2010, Secretary, RTA issued a directive to RTOs to ensure all autorickshaws and taxis prominently display the helpline number, name, address and billa (badge) number of the driver. Although it was a mandatory provision, no auto driver displayed the number or other data”
“We found no auto-rickshaw follows the directive. RTO has failed to implement the directive,” he said.
Pune RTO Jitendra Patil said “Soon we will start a campaign for rickshaws and penalise drivers/owners not displaying helpline numbers.”

Mehdi  ISIS s Twitter voice  wanted to be strategistMehdi  ISIS s Twitter voice  wanted to be strategist
Indonesia: 20 dead  88 missing in central Indonesia mudslideBy: Agence-France Presse | Jemblung (indonesia) |
Posted: December 13, 2014 11:37 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:16 pm
Rescuers searching for more than 80 people missing after a landslide in Indonesia deployed bulldozers and excavators today to battle their way through roads strewn with debris to the site of the disaster, officials said.
At least 26 people have been confirmed dead after torrential downpours triggered the landslide hitting Jemblung village in central Java late Friday, National Disaster Management Agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said.
“We found six more bodies today. Eighty-two people are still missing,” he told AFP.
Hundreds of rescuers were digging through the mud with shovels and their bare hands in a desperate hunt for any survivors.
“I am very worried,” a sobbing Sutinem, whose 12 family members including her children were buried in the landslide, he said.
The 45-year-old, who like many Indonesians goes by only one name, said so far only the body of her mother had been found. She was not at the village when the landslide hit as she was working in west Java.
“I was shocked to see that my village was flattened to the ground… I pray that the government will find them quickly,” she said.
“We are trying our best to look (for) those still buried.
It’s a big challenge because we are still using manual tools and the affected area is very muddy,” military official Edi Rahmatullah told reporters.
Provincial search and rescue agency chief Agus Haryono said rescue efforts have been slow because the ground was still unstable.
“The affected area is a large valley surrounded by hills.
The soil is loose and muddy so we have to be very careful when digging to prevent more landslides,” he said, adding that sniffer dogs were being deployed to detect bodies.
“The chances of finding anyone alive at this point is slim, but who knows? We just hope and pray that we can find survivors,” he said.
Authorities were using heavy equipment to clear a three-metre high pile of fallen trees and rubble on the main road leading to the site of the disaster.

Multi-cultural traditions under attackTweet
The Hindu
Veerabhadra Chennamalla Swami of Nidumamidi Math speaking at the inauguration of Jana Nudi in Mangaluru. Photo: special arrangement
The BJP should deliver on development first: Veerabhadra Swami
Decrying attacks on multi-cultural traditions for which the country is known, speakers at the inauguration of a two-day parallel literary and cultural meet on Saturday sought to caution people against Hindutva and Islamist forces at regional and national levels.
Nidumamidi Math’s Veerabhadra Channamalla Mahaswami, who inaugurated Jana Nudi, said democracy was in danger as planned conversions announced already were aimed at bringing people out of “inertia” on the one hand and teasing the sensibilities of the intelligentsia.
The goal was to bring a law against conversions to prevent Hindus from converting to other religions. A large number of lower caste Hindus were converting to Buddhism and other religions to escape the “violence” inflicted on them by the upper classes.
The BJP, which came to power promising development was, instead, raking up issues such as declaring the Bhagwad Gita as a national scripture, uniform civil code, etc. The party should deliver its promise first and seek mandate by placing its “open” Hindutva agenda before the people.
On Muslim women
Writer Sara Aboobacker said a “force” meant to protect Muslim women from mingling with people from other religion had come into existence, because parents were not protesting this. She said efforts were made when she was a child by others to prevent her from going to higher primary school, her father had clearly told them he would have the final say about her and asked them to mind the business of their own children. “Thus I was able to complete SSLC, the first woman in our area [Kasaragod district of Kerala].” She also criticised efforts to make a big issue out of “love jihad” though there was not even a single such case.
Writer Vinaya Vakkunda said Dakshina Kannada – the land of literate masses – had emerged as a training ground for communal forces, though communalism was not limited to this region. Speakers including columnist K. Neela and Dalit leader Mavalli Shankar, hoped that such meets were held all over the State.
Ede snana opposed
Mangaluru: Nidumamidi Math’s Veerabhadra Challamalla Mahaswami on Saturday welcomed the Supreme Court’s decision to stay the High Court order that had allowed made snana at Kukke Subrahmanya Temple. But he was not in favour of ede snana either, he said.
Latest order
He told presspersons here that the latest order meant that the ede snana – an alternative suggested by the State government wherein devotees roll on the prasada (food) offered to the deity instead of rolling on banana leaves on which some have partaken food – could be allowed.
He said prasada is sacred and one could not roll over it. Pejawar Math’s Sri Vishvesha Thirtha Swami had accepted this argument. He hoped that the State government would keep its promise of bringing the anti-superstition Bill.

Negative market has checked the momentum...when market will re...4392 Followers
Dear Dalip,
Bro! In  my  opinion  every  dip  in  NCC  should  be  treated  as  buy  opportunity....In  positive  market  it  may  show  a  good  recovery.!!!!
In reply to : Dalip message
10.03 AM Dec 14th 2014

Sintex industries limited is planning to invest around rs 5500 crore f...Silver Member
6 Followers
Sintex Industries Limited is planning to invest around Rs 5500 crore for setting up a greenfield textiles plant including spinning and knitting at Pipavav (Gujarat), according to a Business Standard report. The company is aiming to fully commission the new project in 2017-18.
According to Amit Patel, group managing director of Sintex Industries, the multi-fibre plant will see commercial production through spinning, knitting and weaving of various fibres like cotton, polyester, viscose and spandex, among others. At its full capacity, the plant will see one million spindles, along with 600 tonnes of knits and 2400 weaving machines.
Recently, the company`s Board of Directors had approved exploration of the possibility of setting up a new spinning unit wherein Sintex Industries Limited was mulling a 320,000 spindle project.
9.32 AM Dec 14th 2014

Good stock...short term target...400/410..!!!!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

It will go upto 278 on monday & after that it will make a new high i.e...Platinum Member
1904 Followers
brn, u can sit tight... i will buy around 215 as i a have mentioned much earielr @280 and one did get an opportunity..
In reply to : brn message
8.50 PM Dec 18th 2014

Muslim conversion: Faith conversion should be sans fear or lure  says RitambharaPakistani boat carrying explosives caught by Indian Coast Guard off Gujarat; 4 men refuse to surrender, 'blow themselves up'
Right-wing Hindu leader Sadhvi Ritambhara said on Saturday that religious conversion should not be based on fear or inducements, and claimed many non-Hindus in India were willing to come back to their “original” faith.
“Process of conversion should be natural and self-driven. Many people who left Hinduism are now willing to come back to their original religion. I feel that whoever is organising conversions should keep in mind that conversion is not based on elements of fear or lure,” she said.
Ritambhara, who was in Gandhinagar to inaugurate a three-day religious event, was asked by reporters about the recent controversy surrounding alleged conversion of around 100 people, mostly slum-dwellers from a minority community, to Hinduism by an RSS affiliate in Agra.
Asked about the Ayodhya issue, the religious preacher, who was closely associated with the Ramjanmabhoomi movement, said she does not know when a grand temple will come up in the UP town as the matter is in court.
“I don’t know when the Ram Mandir will be built (in Ayodhya) as the matter is still in court. However, we firmly believe that sacrifice of kar sevaks will not go waste,” said the Hindutva proponent.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Do away with British-era drills for bosses: Govt to policePakistani boat carrying explosives caught by Indian Coast Guard off Gujarat; 4 men refuse to surrender, 'blow themselves up'
Government has issued a directive to the heads of central police organisations and departments to shun British-era “decorative” practices like a battery of junior staff “escorting” their bosses during their visits to government departments and events.
Following the orders of the Union Home Ministry, central police organisations, departments and forces have issued directives to their formations that such practises should be avoided and stopped with immediate effect and officers should not be accompanied by anyone, except, in cases where a subordinates’ presence is required for a specific purpose.
“It is commonly seen that whenever there is any movement of police officials besides CPO (central police organisations), there is a mighty show of junior staff to escort the senior officers, generally seen in IPS and allied services.
“Let the staff involved in decorating the senior officer, should be more involved in some productive work because this fashion was needed by Britishers to show their might, now they are our own brethren,” the Home Ministry recently wrote to police departments under its command like Delhi Police and forces like CRPF and BSF.
The Ministry, top sources said, issued orders after it received instructions in this regard from the top leadership indicating that the displeasure in this regard was noted by none other than the office of Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
The top bosses of central police organisations, according to orders accessed by PTI, have now directed their formations that “follow up actions must be ensured strictly to avoid such practises, if any, and human resources of the force/department should be put to use judiciously.”
A senior officer said the issue requires to be addressed as it was noticed by the top echelons of the government that officers above the rank of Commandant or Assistant Commissioner of Police to Director General or Commissioner were spotted at varied times in the corridors of the
Home Ministry, other government offices or official events, being followed by two-three juniors and other staff.
Only the officers in the rank of DG or Commissioner are allowed a Personal Security Officer (PSO) to accompany them for official movements and meetings.
Some of the prominent subordinate offices under the MHA include the Intelligence Bureau, paramilitary forces like BSF, CISF, CRPF, ITBP, SSB, NSG, Assam Rifles, NDRF, Bureau of Immigration, BPRD, National Crime Records Bureau, Narcotics Control Bureau, National Police Academy in Hyderabad and NIA among others.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Minimum paid-up capital criterion for registration of firms may goMinimum paid-up capital criterion for registration of firms may go
Deepak Patel | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 10:47 PM IST
The government has proposed removing the minimum paid-up share capital requirement to commence a business in India.
The Union Cabinet is learnt to have approved the proposal on “omitting requirements for minimum paid up share capital, and consequential changes”.
“This is being done to increase the ease of doing business,” said a senior government official who did not wish to be named.
According to the Companies Act, 2013, every company has to give a declaration to the Registrar of Companies (RoC), stating its paid-up capital is not less than Rs 5 lakh in the case of public companies (the listed ones, as well as those that have raised money from the market through debt); and not less than Rs 1 lakh in the case of private companies. This declaration is necessary for obtaining a commencement certificate for business.
According to experts, this is one of the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, that had made setting up a company much more cumbersome than earlier.  
However, it is not yet clear how the government plans to practically implement this provision: The issue is about whether or not a company will be allowed to register with zero paid-up capital.
“The government can either decrease the minimum required amount or defer the time required to deposit the prescribed amount,” said Agam Gupta, co-founder of quickcompany.in, which helps entrepreneurs register their firms.
Lionel Charles, chief executive of indiafilings.com, which claims to register around 100 companies a month, said 80 to 90 per cent of his clients are middle-class people who find it difficult to show this much cash in their bank account.
“Such a step will surely help reduce another hassle in registering a company.”
“We are concerned as the number of companies being registered has fallen almost 40 per cent in the past six months — after the implementation of the new companies law,” said the official quoted earlier.
According to official data, 31,641 companies were registered in May-October this year, a drop of 35 per cent from 48,636 in the same period last year.
Similarly, the total authorised capital of the companies registered during May-October this year stood at Rs 14,771.24 crore, a decline of almost 24 per cent from Rs 19,409.46 crore in 2013-14. “Smaller companies, which were previously shying away from registration because of compliance issues, will now come back if the government removes this barrier,” said Sai Venkateshwaran, partner & head of accounting advisory services at KPMG in India.

An exclusive diet for a fit Head of StateAn exclusive diet for a fit Head of State
Navadha Pandey
ITC Maurya prepared a signature menu for the Russian President
New Delhi, December 11:  
Ever wondered what the world’s most powerful person — and a self-confessed fitness freak — eats for breakfast, lunch and dinner? Well, in India, Russian President Vladimir Putin was served an exclusive menu with just the right mix of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes.
ITC Maurya — the preferred choice of most heads of states visiting the country — received Putin, named the world’s most powerful person for the second year running by Forbes magazine, on the night of December 10.
While there was little access to information on drills undertaken for the high-profile dignitary’s stay, the Russian President’s love for Bukhara and Dum Pukht, ITC’s two speciality restaurants, is well known.
A signature menu was prepared for Putin from the hotel’s two restaurants, sources said.
“The star highlights of the menu were mahi sarson, kakori kebab, dum pukht biriyani, koh-e-awadh, jhinga dum nisha, from Dum Pukht; and machli tikka, seekh kebab, tandoori jhinga, onion kulcha, pudina paratha, and tandoori pomfret from Bukhara,” a source said. The 62-year-old President had a “breakfast high on fresh fruit,” the source added.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Nitin Gadkari: Rs 5 trillion worth infra plans to be taken up in 5 yearsPM Narendra Modi raises solar investment target to $100 bn by 2022
Infrastructure projects worth Rs 5 trillion can be taken up in the next five years, Union Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari today said as the NDA Government moves to tackle land and environment clearance issues that have stymied such ventures.
“Nearly Rs 2.8 trillion worth projects were stuck before I took charge. We must do a lot in the infrastructure sector. We believe projects worth Rs 5 trillion can be taken up in the next five years,” he said at an event here.
Projects worth Rs 1.8 trillion have already kick- started after the BJP-led Government took charge in May-end, he said this evening.
The Minister said projects have been delayed due to various issues, including land acquisition, environment clearance and public protests, among others.
“There are various issues that needed to be addressed to ensure speedy approvals. Besides, each project has its own set of issues. We are now seeking information about each project and trying to address them individually.”
Gadkari said the Government will take measures to ensure projects become cost effective so that they can be undertaken on PPP (public-private partnership) model.
“We need to make projects cost and quality effective. If measures can be taken to reduce the cost of construction and the States and the Centre give some relaxation on taxation at certain levels, projects can become viable and we can do them on PPP model. We want to do ports and water transport projects under the PPP model.”
Development of inland water transport and ports will itself help increase GDP grow by an additional 2 per cent, he said, adding it will also generate employment.
During the previous Manmohan Singh administration as many as Rs 28 trillion worth infra plans were stuck due to policy inaction and land acquisition issues, among others.
In June 2013, the UPA Government set up a monitoring cell under PMO which cleared projects worth Rs 8 trillion. But banks still say there is no demand for project loans.
Gadkari said his Ministry’s focus will be to give priority to water-ways followed by rail and roads. “Inland water transport is the cheapest and pollution-free among all the other means of transport. We want to encourage water transport system.”
He hinted at forming a national waterways authority on the lines of the one existing for highways.
Post Comments
More from economy

Hrithik Roshan files police complaint against online imposterBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: December 13, 2014 2:36 pm
Bollywood celebrities have always been at the receiving end when it comes to imposters. The latest to have suffered the wrath of an online imposter is none other than Hrithik Roshan who recently filed a police complaint for the same.
In fact on Friday, Hrithik Roshan filed a complaint with the Mumbai police accusing an unknown person of using an email address similar to his and impersonating him. Along with filing the complaint, the actor has also requested the police to get the account terminated and to trace its owner.
In his four-page complaint sent to Commissioner of Police (CP) Rakesh Maria, Juhu police, the Mumbai Police Cyber Cell and others, Hrithik Roshan has requested the police to shut down hroshan@email.com and also trace the fraud operating the account. Further stating that since Hrithik has a massive fan following and he is pretty active on social networking sites like twitter and facebook, fans tend to send him mails containing images and/or videos of themselves which can be used in a malicious way by the imposter.
Simultaneously, CP Maria stated that the police were currently probing the complaint to identify the perpetrator.

Aamir Khan was first choice for  PK   not for  3 Idiots : Rajkumar HiraniBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 13, 2014 5:25 pm
Filmmaker Rajkumar Hirani says while Aamir Khan was not the first choice for their superhit film “3 Idiots”, he had not thought of any other name apart from Aamir for their forthcoming entertainer “PK”.
“For ‘3 Idiots’, Aamir wasn’t the first choice, but for ‘PK’ he was. I had made Aamir listen to the basic idea of this film during ‘3 Idiots’ itself,” Hirani said here.
The ace director has worked with actors as celebrated as Aamir, Sanjay Dutt, Vidya Balan and Kareena Kapoor.
Asked why he always works with stars, he said: “I wanted to work with newcomers in ‘3 Idiots’ and I had even found three people. But while each was good in isolation, together they lacked chemistry. Then Aamir called and said, ‘I can play the character’ and we changed the casting.”
Hirani’s “PK” features Aamir and Sanjay, along with younger actors Anushka Sharma and Sushant Singh Rajput.
Sushant has a cameo in the movie. Talking about him, Hirani said: “We wanted a known face for it, but no one was able to give 15 days for it. We thought of casting a newcomer for this small role and went searching for one, but didn’t find anyone.
“My casting director asked me to see Sushant. We liked his audition and signed him. That’s when he told me that he was also doing ‘Kai Po Che’.”
“PK” releases Dec 19.

UK air traffic control failure identifiedUK air traffic control failure identified
Mark Odell, Peggy Hollinger and John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/65544730-8216-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

@shamiwitness  owner Mehdi held  cops say no links with Islamic StateComments
The young engineer behind a popular pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account was arrested on Saturday at his one-room rented accommodation in an upscale Bengaluru neighbourhood, triggering pledges to free him by those subscribing to the terror group’s alarming agenda.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the man who operated pro-IS Twitter handle, worked for a MNC. (Photo courtesy- Bengaluru City Police on Twitter)
“On the basis of credible intelligence inputs ... we have apprehended Mehdi Masroor Biswas from his apartment,” said director general of police LR Pachuau.
The mobile phone — the one that he apparently used to tweet thousands of jihadi posts to his 17,000 followers on Twitter — was confiscated along with a laptop and other documents for evidence.
He is religious but not a fanatic: Mehdi’s father
Police said 24-year-old Mehdi from a Kolkata suburb working with ITC in Bengaluru didn’t probably have any direct links with the terror group which controls swathes of Syria and Iraq as part of its campaign to create an Islamic caliphate.
“He appears to have been only majorly active in the virtual world,” said Bengaluru police commissioner MN Reddi.
Police said he used to post Twitter messages after office hours, cheering the IS’s advances in Iraq and Syria, and mocking its enemies. “He was particularly close to the English-speaking terrorists of IS and became a source of incitement and information for the new recruits trying to join IS,” Reddi said.
ISIS twitter case: Accused arrested by police, confesses operating account since many years
A case registered against him for abetting war against the state.
But his parents in Kolkata said he was being framed. “He is religious but not a fanatic to join a terrorist group. He didn’t go to a madrasa and doesn’t even know Arabic,” said mother Mamtaz Begam.
Britain’s Channel4 on Wednesday night revealed Mehdi as the man behind the Twitter handle @ShamiWitness that was described as a “leading conduit of information between jihadis, supporters and recruits” with 2 million views each month.
But Reddi said Biswas never recruited anyone or facilitated any such activity in India, and had never traveled outside India.
Reports suggest Mehdi was seeking cheap thrill as he was drawn into the IS propaganda machine that promotes its conquests, inspires sympathisers and attracts new recruits through the social media. The IS uses Hollywood-style film clips and other elements to attract disaffected but plugged-in young Muslims like Mehdi, a regular man who shares “jokes, pictures of pizza dinners with friends and Hawaiian parties at work” on his Facebook account.
His arrest prompted IS to launch a "Free Shami Witness" campaign while Kurdish fighters in Syria celebrated the news.
“Bengaluru ruthless Police arrest brother Mehdi Masroor Biswas as owner of @ShamiWitness twitter acc,” wrote IS Tweeter handle, @IS_WorldPress, drawing immediate response from the group’s supporters across the world to free him at any cost.
“We all miss #ShamiWitness twitter isnt the same without his news,” tweeted JanissaryFighter ( ?@SaifAlRasheed97 ).
Kurdish fighters, the IS’s bitter enemies, uploaded morphed pictures of Biswas behind the bars, wearing Santa Claus hats.

GOSF rounds up an exciting year for e-commerceRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
The Great Indian Shopping Festival (GOSF), the three-day ‘cornucopia of good times’, is over, but it leaves behind a trail of new trends and ideas for the country’s e-tailing revolution.
Contrary to past trends and popular belief, GOSF witnessed substantial business in the unique and high-value categories like real estate and automobiles. As per Google India, its organiser, over 500 houses were booked across all real estate partners during the three days of festival, besides bookings for over 50 cars and 100 bikes. High-end designer wear from reputed designers like Gaurav Gupta and jewellery also got significant sales uplift, says Nitin Bawankule, industry director, e-commerce, Google India.
MyNewCar, an upcoming new car online buying platform launched at the GOSF this year, booked over 20 cars worth R1 crore within the first 36 hours of launch in three cities. “The cars ranged from hatchbacks to sedans and even SUVs. GOSF has provided us an excellent launchpad,” says Arvind Sinha, COO, MyNewCar.
This is apart from leading auto brands, including Mahindra & Mahindra, Renault, Ford and Volkswagen, which jumped on to the GOSF bandwagon by offering discounts and other consumer benefits starting from R30,000 to over R1.4 lakh.
Real estate, too, saw a new market at GOSF. Tata Housing, for instance, partnered with GOSF for the second time and was the only real estate developer to exclusively launch their ultra-luxury project ‘The Cascades’ in Bengaluru, besides houses in Ariana (Orissa), Primanti (Gurgaon), The Promont (Bengaluru), Amantra (Mumbai), Gateway Towers (Mumbai), Avenida (Kolkata) and Myst (Kasauli).
“The online space has evolved over the years and has opened the market to national and global buyers,” says Brotin Banerjee, MD & CEO, Tata Housing Development Company. “It is going to be a game changer for real estate in India, as the industry is constantly seeking for innovative and cost-effective mediums to reach prospective consumers. Urbanisation has played a significant role in changing lifestyles and Indian consumers are now open to buying products not traditionally sold online, such as real estate and cars,” he adds.
With about 450 brands and websites offering discounts as part of GOSF, buyers got smarter this time by taking help of price-comparison, coupons and cashback websites to avoid the tiring task of visiting each e-commerce portal to find the best deals. Cashback and coupon site CashKaro saw an increase in order values during the GOSF compared to the rest of the year, says its co-founder Swati Bhargava. “We saw a splurge in traffic by 450% and a 350% increase in revenues during this year’s GOSF. The average order value was R4,000 during GOSF as compared to R2,000 on normal days,” she adds.
Another coupon site CouponDunia helped customers reduce the clutter by putting up the best deals and offers on a specially created GOSF microsite. “We also created extensive product guides in each category, not to mention interesting yet informative blog posts. On the days of the festival, we also had a live, interactive Twitter session where we answered customer queries,” says Sameer Parwani, CEO and founder, CouponDunia. The site saw 48.5% first-time visitors during GOSF and 51.5% repeat visitors redeeming coupons during the festival. MySmartPrice and iSpyPrice were other price comparison portals that saw huge traffic.
GOSF also saw a huge response from consumers on exclusive launches, leading to high conversion for brands. “We saw more than one million visits to the ‘exclusive launch’ section on our website, which established the festival as a great platform to launch new products,” says Bawankule of Google India.
Trends of GOSF 2014
500 houses, 50 cars and 100 bikes
Contrary to past trends, GOSF witnessed substantial business in the
unique and high-value categories like real estate and automobiles. As per Google India, over 500 houses
were booked across all real estate partners
Cashback, coupon & price-comparison websites
Buyers took help of price-comparison, coupon and cashback websites to not only deepen discounts,
but cut across clutter as well
Exclusive launches
Initiatives such as ‘exclusive launches’ and the ‘R299 store’ drew in the numbers at the three-day shopping festival
Post Comments
More from companies

Does endorsement from multiple celebs help a...Does endorsement from multiple celebrities at the same time help a brand?
Ishani Duttagupta, ET Bureau Dec 14, 2014, 03.14AM IST
Tags:
Aishwarya Rai
(Though TAG Heuer currently…)
Recently, Swiss luxury watch brand TAG Heuer roped in Bollywood heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor as its brand ambassador. Nothing unusual about that, considering Ranbir endorses major brands such as Panasonic and Nissan; and TAG is known for opting for the best of Hollywood and Bollywood to back its label. To be sure, the brand has had stars from Steve McQueen and Uma Thurman to Leonardo DiCaprio and Brad Pitt.
Except that never has more than one film celebrity endorsed TAG at the same time. Currently, Cameron Diaz is the only actor on the brand's endorsement list — the rest are largely sportspersons, including Cristiano Ronaldo and Maria Sharapova. TAG annually changes its ambassadors, replacing older ones with fresher faces. For example, before Diaz came on board in 2012, Leonardo DiCaprio was the Hollywood face of TAG.
In Different Zone
India, though, may be an aberration — at least as things stand now — with two Bollywood superstars promoting the Swiss luxury label. Along with the 32-year-old Kapoor, there's also Shah Rukh Khan (SRK), now 49, who has been TAG's ambassador since 2003. The obvious question then: is the brand ambassadors' version of succession planning playing out at TAG in India? After all, it has happened in other categories; around five years back, Pepsi ended its decade-long associations with the likes of SRK and Sachin Tendulkar to bring on younger ambassadors. And, guess who led that youth brigade? Ranbir Kapoor!
TAG Heuer, for its part, denies that it is going down the same road. "Bringing the two biggest stars of Bollywood together is not just the first for our segment, it's also a first for us globally. As a company, it's in our DNA to break the rules and we wanted to bring together both the biggest names in Bollywood today — SRK and Ranbir Kapoor — to communicate our leadership," explains Puneet Sewra, marketing director, TAG Heuer.
Sewra adds that there are no plans to replace SRK, who has been a TAG brand ambassador for over a decade, with Ranbir, currently the hottest young gun of Bollywood. "Ranbir is not replacing SRK, and there's no clash between the two. Through Ranbir Kapoor, we are reaching out to young consumers in the 18-25 age bracket; in many ways both our brand ambassadors represent the same kind of values in their Bollywood career, of doing things differently and both have played anti-hero roles. It's about what differentiates the two of them and not about their age."
He also points out that the fact that India is the only country with two brand ambassadors from the film world points to the confidence TAG has in the Indian market. Brand gurus, however, are not as convinced, and find it difficult to concede that age has nothing to do with the brand appeal of a celebrity — even if the person in question is SRK.
"There are indeed very subliminal but robust ways of putting succession planning into place in the brand-endorsement space and it's a great thing to do really. In cases where the current brand ambassador was losing sheen in his/her space of work, be it cinema or cricket or whatever, a second and third face become a way of gradual succession planning," brand consultant Harish Bijoor told ET Magazine.
 
Happy Coexisting
And how does the new ambassador on the block himself see the situation? "I have grown up watching Mr Shah Rukh Khan's movies and his work has always inspired me. He was part of the TAG campaign for many years and it was so cool for me to wear a watch that he wears; and now to wear it with him is a dream come true," Ranbir Kapoor told ET Magazine in an exclusive interview while launching the brand's new campaign 'Don't Crack Under Pressure'.
Ranbir adds that he is careful when choosing brands to associate with and has often rejected offers. "Like my movies, my brands are my identity and people start identifying me with them. I will only become the face of those products that I use and love in my own life. It's important because the companies are talking to their target audience through me and I have to be sensitive to them."
Though TAG Heuer currently doesn't have any plans of featuring both its brand ambassadors together in any of its promos, Ranbir says he would love to be in the same frame with SRK. "It would be a dream come true — to do something with both TAG Heuer and Mr Khan. In fact, to work together in any capacity with him would be a dream come true." What's clear is that today SRK and Ranbir are pretty much at the top of the heap in terms of star value. US consultancy American Appraisal, which recently conducted India's first celebrity brand valuation study, found that amongst Bollywood stars only SRK and Ranbir have valuations north of $100 million.

Capitals vs. Lightning: Game 29 discussion threadBy Alex Prewitt December 13, 2014 Follow @alex_prewitt
Troy Brouwer and Evgeny Kuznetsov celebrate a goal Tuesday in Tampa Bay (Kim Klement/USA TODAY Sports).
With their three-game winning streak snapped Thursday night against Columbus, thanks an overtime penalty and their inability to crack a hot goaltender, the Washington Capitals (13-10-5, 31 points) remain at Verizon Center to host the last team they beat, the visiting Tampa Bay Lightning (19-8-3, 41 points). Earlier this week, goaltender Braden Holtby outdueled Ben Bishop to a 5-3 win at Amalie Arena. Now comes the rematch, the final meeting this season between Washington and the Atlantic Division leaders.
For the Capitals, they can surge into a three-game road trip next week with some positivity left behind at home, since their 5-5-4 home record ranks 13th of 16 Eastern Conference teams. The Lightning, meanwhile, halted a two-game slide — against Washington and Columbus — with a 2-1 win over Carolina, and now begins a five-game road trip up the East Coast.
Forward Andre Burakovsky returns to the lineup after missing three games as a healthy scratch, slotted at wing for the first time in his young NHL career to replace Jason Chimera.
“I have a good reason to put him in,” Trotz said, referrign to Chimera’s interference penalty in overtime Thursday, “but we were going to put him in anyways. That was the long-term plan anyways. If we had won that game, he was going in today.”
Otherwise, the lineup — shown below, along with the goaltending matchup, links and injuries — remains unchanged. The Capitals will be off Sunday, practice in Arlington on Monday, then embark on a three-game road trip to Florida, Columbus and New Jersey. Thanks for reading.
LINES
Alex Ovechkin–Nicklas Backstrom–Tom Wilson
Marcus Johansson–Evgeny Kuznetsov–Troy Brouwer
Brooks Laich–Eric Fehr–Joel Ward
Andre Burakovsky–Michael Latta–Jay Beagle
Defensemen

Ted Cruz and Elizabeth Warren in cahoots Not happening  says Cruz.By Sean Sullivan December 13, 2014 Follow @WaPoSean
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) talks with reporters on Capitol Hill in Washington on Dec. 12. (Lauren Victoria Burke/AP)
If you're waiting on Sens. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) and Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) to conspire in an unprecedented conservative-liberal super-alliance to bring down a $1.1 trillion spending bill  to keep the government funded -- well, don't hold your breath.
That's according to Cruz, who told reporters at the Capitol Saturday that he has not spoken with Warren about his plans.
"Elizabeth is a friend of mine, but we didn't chat yesterday," Cruz said. "I'm not sure what you saw, but we didn't have a conversation yesterday."
Cruz's opposition to the bill is rooted in the debate over immigration. He wants to see a tougher response to President Obama's decision to halt the deportations of millions of undocumented immigrants.
Warren opposes the bill because of a provision that would loosen restrictions on big banks. Both have pushed amendments to further their causes.
So what advice does Cruz have for Warren?
"I will leave it to others as to how to strategize as to how to get votes from left-wing Democrats in the Senate," he said.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Midday meal cooks protest  demand increase insalaryBy: Express News Service | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 14, 2014 5:37 am
Traffic came to a standstill for almost one-and-a-half hours near Bharat Nagar Chowk bus stand on Saturday as hundreds of midday meal cooks from schools all over Punjab protested against the state government.
Democratic Mid Day Meal Front Punjab and Mid Day Meal Daftri Mulazam Te Cook Workers Union Punjab protested at Chatar Singh Park and later blocked traffic.
The midday meal cooks demanded hike in their salaries and regularisation of their jobs. They demanded that their salaries be hiked to at least Rs 10,000 per month as per minimum wages rule. Presently, they are given Rs 1,200 per month only. Cooks also demanded an insurance cover of Rs 2 lakh for each cook.
Former MLA Tarsem Singh Jodhan and some comrades from CPI-M also supported the cooks. They also said that government is not paying cooks for vacation days in schools which is wrong.
Harjinder Kaur Loppo from Democratic Mid Day Meal Front Punjab and Parveen Sharma Jogipur, president of Mid Day Meal Daftri Mulazam Te Cook Workers Union Punjab, said that soon cooks will gherao Vidhan Sabha if no solution comes out during the meeting with education minister Daljit Singh Cheema on December 23.
Rain and traffic woes continued to hassle the commuters. Even the protesting cooks faced problems due to continuous drizzling since morning. The district administration including DEO Gurjot Singh and area SDM continued to contact deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal and education minister Cheema but they failed to do so.
The protest was lifted after heavy rainfall made it difficult for protesting cooks to continue. However, later contact was established with Maheshinder Singh Grewal, advisor to CM who promised meeting with Cheema on December 23.

Conversions are never forced: LudhianaPastorWritten by Raakhi Jagga | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 14, 2014 5:35 am
Reacting to Thursday’s FIR registered at division number 2 police station regarding forcible religion conversion of one Rani Pal, Pastor K Koshy, president, Council of Ludhiana Churches said conversions are never forced upon anyone.
“Every year hundreds embrace Christianity but only on their own will. We do take an affidavit from them that they are not under any kind of pressure and give them Baptism certificate as well,’ Pastor Koshy said.
“The complainant seems to have been influenced by vested interests. We hope the police inquiry will reveal the truth soon.” He, however, said they were spreading the preachings of Jesus Christ, which is why the followers of the religion are increasing in number.
He also said the number of churches in Ludhiana have risen to 250 now — from 50 some 15 years ago.
Meanwhile, Division Number 2 SHO Gurpreet Singh said, “The persons named in the FIR are yet to appear before the police for recording of their statements. They have been intimated to appear soon, however, it was informed they were out of station.” The FIR names Afzal Chaudhary, his son Jugnu and Sri Nath.
While a protest was staged Thursday by Shiv Sena Yuva Morcha and a few other Hindu organisations, yet another meeting was held by Yuva Morcha Friday.
Samar D’Souza from Shiv Sena Yuva Morcha said, “We are not protesting against any community but particular persons. I am also a christian but a few are alluring people to change their religion for want of benefits which is not correct.”
He added they will meet the police commissioner Saturday and urge him to book more persons involved in alleged forced conversions.

IITs out of bounds for students born abroadIITs out of bounds for students born abroad
By M Ramya, TNN | 14 Dec, 2014, 05.53AM IST
The IIT dreams of thousands across the country have been shattered because they were born abroad, to Indian parents.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CHENNAI: Smriti Muralishankar, a Class 12 student in Coimbatore, has spent the last four years burning the midnight oil to prepare for one of the toughest exams in the country - the JEE. Only two weeks ago did she realise that she was not eligible to write the test as she was born abroad and didn't have an Indian citizenship. Shreya Venkatesh, who has been studying in a Chennai school for the last 10 years, also found herself in a similar situation when she came to know that only Indian citizens can take the JEE (Main), which serves as the screening test for JEE (Advanced), mandatory for entry into IITs.
The IIT dreams of these two and thousands across the country have been shattered because they were born abroad, to Indian parents who went overseas for higher education and jobs. They may have been studying in India for years now, but when it comes to applying for higher education in central and state institutions these students find themselves denied of opportunities open to their peers born in India.
For years now, such students have been paying a hefty fee (around nine times of what is paid by Indian students) to study in a state institution. But, since the JEE was split in 2014, they have lost out on the opportunity to sit for the IIT entrance test.
Foreign, Overseas Citizenship of India (OCI) and Person of Indian Origin (PIO) category students are not eligible for admission to NITs, IIITs and other centrally-funded institutions through JEE (Main). They can only be admitted through the Direct Admission to Students Abroad (DASA) channel using their SAT 2 scores. But, admission to IITs is only through JEE (Advanced), which requires the students to figure among the top 1.5 lakh candidates in JEE (Main).
"We came to India four years ago mainly because we wanted Smriti to prepare well and join an IIT. She has been putting in a lot of effort. But, it looks like all the money and effort are a waste," said Aravinda Muralishankar, Smriti's mother. "We want her to be given the chance to take the exam, regardless of whether she gets a seat or not," Muralishankar added.
When Shreya Venkatesh realised that she is unlikely to be sitting for the JEE (Main) or JEE (Advanced), she started preparing for the SAT 2 test to get a seat in an NIT or IIIT. "It's not fair. Not only is she missing an opportunity to seek admission to IITs, but we also have to pay in dollars as we have to go through the foreign nationals category. We are Indians and living in Chennai, but our children are denied any opportunity join an Indian institution," said Shreya's mother, Menaka Venkatesan.
An official with JEE office at IIT-Madras said, "A candidate can gain admission to IITs only through JEE (Advanced). The candidates should address their queries to the board handling JEE (Main)." Repeated phone calls to the JEE (Main) office went unanswered.
Page 1 of 2

How Cheap Oil Complicates InvestingHow Cheap Oil Complicates Investing
India to reap $12-b budget windfall from oil price slideIndia to reap $12-b budget windfall from oil price slide
Ferguson fallout: Thousands join Justice For All March across US to protest against black killings bypoliceBy: Agence-France Presse | New York |
Posted: December 14, 2014 8:40 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 9:14 am
Thousands of people marched in several US cities to demand justice for black men killed by white police, the latest in weeks of demonstrations across the United States.
The families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner were among the demonstrators on Saturday in the heart of the US capital Washington for the “Justice For All March,” part of a growing protest movement sparked by the fatal August shooting of the unarmed Brown, 18.
A grand jury decision last month not to indict police officer Darren Wilson over the killing in Ferguson, Missouri, was followed by another that also declined to charge another white policeman in the Staten Island “chokehold” death of Eric Garner.
Their deaths, and that of 12-year-old Tamir Rice — shot dead last month by Cleveland police as he brandished a toy gun– unleashed simmering resentment of police tactics in the United States and underlined the distrust many African American men feel toward law enforcement.
Rice’s family and relatives of Trayvon Martin — shot and killed in Florida by a neighborhood watchman in 2012 — were also at the Washington march, which was mirrored by crowds that flooded downtown New York in protest.
Thousands more gathered in chilly Manhattan, shutting down major roads, with protesters shouting “We will shut New York City down” and “Black lives matter.”
Some carried black cutouts of human figures scribed with “RIP” along with the names of those killed by police, while others shouted “Justice now! The whole damn system is guilty as hell.”
Bartender Cole Fox, 24, marched with his mother and held a banner reading, “Grand Jury Reform Now.” “Fundamental changes need to be made. It’s just a matter of days before the next person, black or white, is killed,” he said.
Student Rosalind Watson, 21, decried “institutional racism.” “If one person sees this march and feels more supported and safe, it’ll be a success,” she said at the spirited protest.
Crowds also gathered in Boston as part of the movement, and Massachusetts State Police said several people had been arrested while some roads were blocked.
Demonstrators also turned out in Berkeley, California, where an effigy of a black man was hung by a noose at the entrance of a university with the words “I can’t breathe” scrawled on its chest.

Akshay Kumar introduces his Baby characteronlineBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 9:32 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 9:47 am
Actor Akshay Kumar took to micro-blogging website Twitter to unveil a glimpse of his role from his upcoming movie ‘Baby’. The actor also said that all the developments and scoops from the movie will reach his fans on the social networking platform first.
On Saturday he tweeted:
— Akshay Kumar (@akshaykumar) December 13, 2014
In the clip, the 47-year-old, who is known for his daredevil stunts, is seen running after villains, jumping off cliffs and doing some great action moves the ‘Khiladi’ style.
‘Baby’ will see Akshay play Ajay Singh Rajput, an officer on a mission to bust terrorists’ plan.
Akshay was so moved by the response to the film’s trailer that he vowed to keep his Twitter fans posted about the movie.
“Your love and reactions to the #BabyTrailer have won me over! From today, you will see everything on @Babythefilm before the world does,” he wrote.
Previously, the actor had shared a teaser of Neeraj Pandey’s directorial, which is set to hit the theatres Jan 23, 2015, on the social media.
The film also stars Rana Daggubati, Danny Denzongpa and Anupam Kher.

Indian Railways passenger fares likely to go up early nextyearBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 9:29 am
The next Rail Budget to be presented early next year could contain a proposal for raising fares to pass on the burden of rising power cost to passengers.
The fuel adjustment component-linked tariff revision due in December will be effected in the Rail Budget in February and there is a need for upward revision as energy cost has gone up by over 4 per cent in the recent months, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
According to Railways’ announced policy, fare and freight revision linked to fuel and energy cost are being done twice a year. The last revision was done in June wherein passenger fares were revised by 4.2 per cent and freight rates by 1.4 per cent.
Hinting at a possible fare hike, new Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu had said at a recent event that “some burden has to be shared by people.”
Asked about the possibility of raising train fares to meet the growing expenses in Railways, Prabhu, known for his pro-reform approach, did not rule out the possibility saying “passenger service should be improved before increasing the fares. Safety cannot be compromised. There is a need for big investment. Some burden has to be shared by people.”
Expressing serious concern over the Railways’ financial health, Prabhu had said it is “too close for comfort” and highlighted the urgent need for massive investment to meet the safety requirement and upgrading in the rail infrastructure.
“Railways requires a big investment. There is no fund for investment. There is a requirement of Rs 6 lakh crore to Rs 8 lakh crore for completion of announced projects,” he had said.
The minister, who is also meeting MPs in batches to make himself aware of their demands and aspirations before the Rail Budget, said to meet these demands, the requirement is about Rs 20,000 crore.
Prabhu, after assuming charge, is learnt to have taken a series of steps to bring the national transporter reeling under massive fund crunch back on the track.
While the cross-subsidisation in passenger sector is hovering around Rs 26,000 crore, there is a fall in passenger bookings too. Passenger bookings have come down during April-November by 1.43 per cent as compared to the corresponding period last year.
The total number of passenger tickets booked during this period were 5581.33 million compared to 5662.54 million in the same period last year, according to Railway Ministry data.

RSS isn t softening  will stick to Hindutva stanceRSS in no mood to soften stand, will stick to Hindutva agenda
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 14, 2014
First Published: 00:34 IST(14/12/2014) | Last Updated: 17:33 IST(14/12/2014)
Comments
The Narendra Modi government’s image as a development-oriented regime may have taken a hit due to controversial remarks by some RSS members-turned-parliamentarians but the BJP’s ideological parent isn’t willing to put its Hindutva agenda on the backburner.
Youth Congress activists in Noida protest against the BJP and its ideological mentor, RSS, following the alleged forced conversion of around 300 Muslims to Hinduism in Agra earlier this month. (Burhaan Kinu/HT Photo)
Senior leaders of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh told HT that while they appreciated the government’s focus on development, they saw no reason to chastise leaders like Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, infamous for an expletive-laden poll speech, or Sakshi Maharaj, who termed Mahatma Gandhi’s killer Nathuram Godse a patriot.
An RSS pracharak associated with the BJP’s organisation claimed ‘Hindutva’ was supplement to the development plank and only a mix of the two could ensure electoral victories.
Upset over disruptions in Parliament, govt sets out to pick, tame errant leaders
 “You may have a problem with the way certain MPs articulated their view but the larger sentiment was that the Hindu society should not be taken for granted.  The result of the Lok Sabha elections, particularly in UP, is a case in point,” he said, requesting anonymity.
The BJP is also not averse in using the Hindutva proponents to woo voters, deploying Niranjan Jyoti to campaign in the riot-hit Trilokpuri locality of Delhi.
Aligarh MP Satish Gautam and Gorakhpur MP Yogi Adityanath continue taking vows to carry on the controversial ‘ghar wapsi’ (homecoming) programme that has been accused of forcibly converting Muslims.
BJP president Amit Shah has defended these leaders, saying on Thursday that they couldn’t be asked to retire from politics because of a mistake.
BJP secretary Shrikant Sharma told HT that development was the government’s focus and decisions in last six months – Jan Dhan Yojna, petrol price cut, FDI in defence and others – were reflective of that. “There is no case to be apologetic about Hindutva. It is a way of life and not a religion,” Sharma said.
These comments come in the wake of a stormy month for the NDA government. Earlier this month, minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti asked the audience at a Delhi poll rally if they wanted a government led by the children of Ram (Ramzaade) or illegitimate children (haramzaade). The comments caused prolonged disruptions in Parliament with the Opposition relenting only after an appeal by PM Modi.
This was followed by Unnao MP Sakshi Maharaj’s endorsement of Godse, which led to a retraction and apology.
The latest flashpoint is the alleged forced conversion of 300 Muslims in Agra this week and plans for more such ceremonies by Hindu groups affiliated to the RSS. Cornered by the Opposition again, the government suggested all states and the Centre have anti-conversion laws.
Senior RSS leader Manmohan Vaidya agreed with the Centre, saying there was no contradiction between development and having an anti-conversion law.
“The entire debate (on conversion) would stop if a strong anti-conversion law is put in place. Christian missionaries have been opposing it and so are many other parties. We are opposed to conversion through force and allurement,” Vaidya told HT.
A party office bearer also pointed out the BJP has to play its cards carefully with key electoral challenges lined up in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, where OBC stalwarts Mulayam Singh Yadav, Lalu Prasad and Nitish Kumar were trying to revive the old Janata Parivar. The saffron party had won 71 of UP’s 80 and 22 out of Bihar’s 40 Lok Sabha seats.
“Those most vulnerable to conversions are backward castes and Dalits, who had also spearheaded the temple movement in its heyday. When we win them over, it automatically marginalises parties like the SP, JD(U), RJD and BSP – our main rivals in Bihar and UP,” the leader said.

Sluggish polling in 16 constituencies of J-K; Omar  Mufti in the raceComments
Braving the cold, Kashmiris came out to vote in large numbers in the fourth phase of assembly elections on Sunday even as the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) was embarrassed by its candidate Hina Bhat, who allegedly slapped a poll official.
Turnout in the 18 constituencies spread over three districts in the state stood at 49%, lower than the first three phases, but marginally higher than the last polls in 2008.
Chief minister Omar Abdullah’s Sonawar constituency with 44% turnout led among the eight Srinagar seats, where 28% polling was recorded, up seven percentage points from 2008. Poll boycotts announced by separatists generally hold sway in these seats.
While some areas such as Gojwara and Rajouri Kadal saw a poll boycott – Rajouri booths didn’t see a single vote cast – Amira Kadal, Batamaloo and Habba Kadal saw big jumps in turnout.
Amira Kadal also saw BJP’s Hina Bhat – fighting Abdullah’s aide Nasir Aslam Wani — slapping a polling official following a heated argument, said eyewitnesses. The action was condemned both by National Conference workers and Abdullah, who tweeted,
“The BJP candidate in Srinagar who earlier threatened to pick up a gun over Art 370 now slaps a polling officer. Well done.”
Outside Srinagar, many areas in south Kashmir clocked close to 60% turnout with the twin constituencies of Vijaypur and Samba in Jammu region leading with 81% and 77% votes cast.
Terror-hit Shopian recorded 52% turnout while Anantnag, where People’s Democratic Party chief Mufti Mohammad Sayeed is fighting, saw 38% votes polled. Shopian BJP candidate Javed Ahmad Qadri was also accused of beating up a voter inside a booth.
Brisk polling in Jharkhand
Notwithstanding inclement weather, fourth phase of polls in Jharkhand was peaceful and registered 61.08% turnout on Sunday.
Voters of 15 constituencies in four districts made a beeline for polling stations since morning to elect their representatives. In Giridih’s Pirtand people defied Maoists’ poll boycott call and came out in large numbers. However, no untoward incident was reported from any constituency. 
After this phase, elections are now over in 65 of the 81 assembly seats in Jharkhand.
Some of the constituencies witnessed drizzle that brought down the maximum temperature by five degrees Celsius below the normal.
The cold claimed one victim. A police constable (Chowkidar) of Bagodar police station Bhakur Kohl reportedly died on the premises of Dumri police station due to cold.
Overall voters’ turnout was about 7% higher than the last 2009 assembly polls in the 15 constituencies that went to polls in this phase, said officials.
“In 2009, the overall turnout was merely 54.64% in these 15 constituencies. Overall poll percentage may increase by one or 2% when final figure will arrive,” chief electoral officer (CEO) Jharkhand PK Jajoria said.
Voter turnouts in the first, second and third phase of the assembly election were 63.35%, 68.01% and 63.96%, respectively.
Both Jharkhand and J-K will hold the fifth and last stage of polling on December 20.

Good news: december 12  2014 united states retailers...United States
Retailers Expect Big Shrimp Sales Over Holidays
For the week of December 8th, the second week after the Thanksgiving Holiday, retail shrimp promotions in 2014 were up 61% over the same week in 2013.  At the same time, the promotions for other seafood—fresh and frozen fillets, and fresh Atlantic salmon—were down by 11% and 5%, respectively, indicating that retailers are making a big bet on shrimp.
Sackton said: “To substantiate this, we looked at all retail seafood promotions for October and November to see if the December data was an anomaly, especially since we were looking at promotions for only a one week time frame.  We found that for the two-month period, the same pattern was present.  Retail promotions of shrimp for October and November were up 35%, salmon was up 9%, and frozen fillets were down 7%.  So the bet on shrimp during the first week in December is not an aberration, but a direction retailers have been moving in for months.”
“Further, they are selling shrimp at higher prices.  Cooked shrimp, for example, have a median promotional price of $10.99 this December, compared to a median promotional price of $9.99 last year.”
“This shows that retailers have adjusted their pricing upwards, even as their wholesale cost for cooked shrimp purchased between July and October fell 2.5%.  On a monthly basis, retailers were paying 7.5% less in November for cooked shrimp than at the same time in the prior year.”
“So shrimp promotions are definitely providing better margins to retailers this season, and they are attempting to make up some of the margin they gave up after the run up in shrimp prices last year.”
10.01 AM Dec 14th 2014  | Track

Sincere efforts by the management has driven the company to this prese...11 Followers
December 12, 2014:  BUSINESS LINE SAYS
Shares of Dr Datsons Labs will remain in focus on Monday, as its board is meeting to discuss a proposal from Leaders Group Asia Ltd to acquire majority stake in the company. The board will also discuss the demerger of the active pharmaceutical ingredients and formulations divisions of the company. Datsons had entered the formulations business following the acquisition of Prophyla Biological Pvt Ltd in March 2010. Investors will be keen to know the finer details of the deal.
8.25 PM Dec 13th 2014

I think value-pick has played the game on hind tin. we have lost our m...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Not good its below 260 closng.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Can you save tax by transferring money to wife s accountTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Fri 2 Jan, 2015, 11:20 PM IST - India Markets closed
Can you save tax by transferring money to wife's account?
Print
Do you transfer money to your spouse’s account so he/she can meet personal expenses, does that money earn an income. Or do you consider it loaned. Let’s understand today, how the income from such transfer is treated from income tax standpoint.
 
How gifts are taxed in India
Money is Invested in Shares or Fixed Deposits or other Assets– The shares may have been purchased in your wife’s name or fixed deposits made in her account – but the income from such fixed deposits or gains from the wife’s shares transactions shall be clubbed with your income. As per clubbing provisions of Income Tax, this is considered as your own income and taxed at slab rates applicable to you. Even if there are capital losses from sale, those get added too.
 
Money is considered Loaned – There could be a situation where you have genuinely transferred money to your wife’s account to meet her financial needs, for e.g. to help her start a business. The amount is considers loaned and is planned to be returned and interest is charged as well. In case you are charging a reasonable interest and also showing the interest as your income in your return, income earned by your wife may not be clubbed. However, in cases where amount is shown as loaned to your wife and she is investing that money in shares to earn an income, and thereby you end up saving significant tax by avoiding clubbing of income (gains) on shares, it may be hard to convince the tax authorities about the lender borrower arrangement, given the close relationship of the parties and the tax save involved. Usually in most cases - it's misused as a tax saving avenue and that is what the tax authorities want to be careful of.
 
Only to meet Personal Expenses – When one of a couple is a home keeper and is not earning an income, it is commonplace this person receives some money to take care of personal expenses. This has no income tax implication and is not considered an income in the receiver’s hands. However, any interest earned in the bank account may still be clubbed.
 
Here’s a complete detail about how income may be clubbed or added to your income.
 

New reactors at Kudankulam to see up to 25% indigenisation: R S SundarNew reactors at Kudankulam to see up to 25% indigenisation: R S Sundar
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Dec 13, 2014 10:47 PM IST
On Thursday, India and Russia signed two pacts to set up two more nuclear reactors (Unit 3 and 4) at Kudankulam in Tamil Nadu, where the Nuclear Power Corporation is setting up the country's largest nuclear power plant. The plant's site director, R S Sundar, spoke to T E Narasimhan on the cause of delay and the future plans.
What will be the capacity of Unit 3 and 4? What will be the cost of the project?
Each of the units will have 1,000 MWe and the project cost is estimated at around Rs  39,000 crore as of now, against Rs 17,000 crore for Unit 1 and 2.  It would take around 69 months for the projects to get completed from the time construction starts. Concrete placement will start in early 2016. The agreements, a general framework accord and contracts to order main equipment, will enable us to place orders for long manufacturing cycle equipment worth Rs  10,000 crore. These would take around two-and-a-half years to design, fabricate, test and deliver at the site. These are mainly nuclear steam supply system, which will be around 320 tonnes.
ALSO READ:  Russia to help India build 12 nuclear reactors
What is the status of the Unit 1 & 2?
Unit 1 reached the 1,000-MWe stage a few days back. For Unit 2, hot run test will start in a week and commencement of power production will be post-March 2015.
What are the key lessons from the Unit 1 & 2, which will help you in expansion?
Besides handling external factors (anti-plant agitations), KNPP's engineers know how to construct, commission and operate the plant. So our dependency level of other people will be less.
Does it mean the indigenous level will be high in the new reactors?
Yes. We are looking at around 20-25 per cent, against almost nothing in the first two reactors. The two new reactors will see indigenisation in electrical and cooling systems and others.
ALSO READ:  India, Russia take civil nuclear ties to next level
There are a lot of allegations floating about the plant, some of them relate to safety, about the components and others. The anti-KNPP campaigners’ have alleged that a number of facts had been hidden. What is your response?
This plant is very safe. This was made clear and explained by NPCIL, KNPP, AERB, Centre and state governments, experts and various leaders in different levels through media, public forum, campaigns and other modes. The awareness among students has gone up substantially. We regularly conduct awareness programmes and allow people to come to the plant on a regular basis.  A large number of women are showing interest in these programmes. In the last two years, we reached out to around 2 lakh people.

Havells  selective disclosure to analysts irks investorsHavells' selective disclosure to analysts irks investors
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 12:29 AM IST
Electrical equipment maker Havells India’s move to selectively disclose its slowing sales growth to analysts has upset shareholders.
On Wednesday, brokerages UBS and Motilal Oswal lowered the company’s revenue growth guidance for 2014-15 to 12-14 per cent from 17-20 per cent, citing weaker than expected demand recovery. This came after their meeting with the company’s management. The analyst reports also pointed to possible pension liabilities in the second half of the financial year, which could affect the company’s reported profit, and currency volatility, which might impact its margins in Latin America. Predictably, the Havells India stock tanked on bourses after a lowering of guidance. On BSE, the scrip declined six per cent on Wednesday and over nine per cent on Thursday; it was trading at Rs 265.75 a share at close on Friday. Before the guidance cut, the shares were trading at Rs 346 apiece.
“This is a breach of corporate governance norms,” said Anupam Maheshwari, a Mumbai-based Havells India investor. “I tried contacting the company to seek an explanation on why it chose to do this selectively. It should have disclosed to the stock exchanges first. The company didn’t even indicate this during its results recently. Why now?”
Havells India said in a statement to stock exchanges on Friday that there had been no event or analyst meet conducted by the company that would have required a disclosure or intimation to stock exchanges under Clause 36 of the Securities & Exchange Board of India’s (Sebi’s) listing agreement. “The company, from time to time, keeps attending investor meets organised by recognised market intermediaries, where discussions about the macro environment of the economy are made in general, and the ground situation assessed. Any discussion or information about the company is in line with publicly available information,” it said.
In response to an email, the company said it had nothing more to share beyond the statement issued to stock exchanges. Havells India Managing Director Anil Rai Gupta had on Thursday indicated in an interaction with a television channel that he was hopeful of achieving an Ebitda (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation) margin of 13-13.5 per cent in 2014-15. But the damage now appears to have been done.
Proxy advisory firms InGovern and Stakeholders Empowerment Services (SES) are in agreement with Maheshwari over selective disclosures. “Clause 36 of Sebi’s listing agreement stipulates that companies must make timely disclosure of price-sensitive information to stock exchanges first. By not doing so, the company has violated Sebi norms,” InGovern founder Shriram Subramanian said. “By selectively disclosing information to a group of people, the company is favouring them over others. Obviously, the latter can quickly act with the information they have; this is like insider trading.”
Former executive director of Sebi and managing director of SES, J N Gupta, said: “A few investors contacted me over the Havells development and I asked them to get in touch with Sebi. These things should be avoided and companies should make efforts to be as transparent as possible.”
In March this year, former Infosys chief executive & managing director, S D Shibulal, was seen as having crossed the line when he indicated at an investors’ forum that Infosys’ revenue could be near the lower end of its 2013-14 guidance. He had also said the lower-than-expected growth in the March quarter of 2013-14 could impact the company’s growth the next financial year. He had attributed this to a slowdown faced by clients in certain industries, as well as a mismatch of skills.
The next day, the Infosys stock had fallen 8.5%, prompting proxy advisory firms like InGovern to question such a statement.

Hong Kong to shut down last  smallest protest siteBy: Associated Press | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 13, 2014 4:12 pm
Hong Kong police said Saturday that they would clear out the third and final pro-democracy protest camp next week, putting an end to demonstrations that have blocked traffic in the southern Chinese city’s streets for 2 1/2 months.
Police spokesman Steve Hui said authorities were giving the handful of protesters still occupying a short stretch of road in Causeway Bay enough time to pack up their belongings before they move in Monday.
This past week, authorities shut down the protesters’ main camp near the heart of the city’s financial district and arrested 249 people who refused to leave for unlawful assembly.
The student-led protesters rejected Beijing’s plan to screen all candidates in the first-ever elections for Hong Kong’s top leader, but failed to win significant concessions from the government.
However, many say the protest movement sparked a wider political awakening among the city’s residents, especially the young. Protest leaders vowed to keep up their campaign of civil disobedience through other methods to continue pressuring the government for genuine democracy.
Hui said police would start clearing barricades on Monday morning from about 100 meters (yards) of Yee Wo Street that protesters have occupied in the Causeway Bay shopping district for 77 days.
“I now urge the illegal road occupiers to remove obstacles, take away personal belongings and leave the area in a peaceful and orderly manner soonest,” Hui said. “If the illegal road occupiers refuse to leave, police will take action to disperse them.”
Protesters at the camp had been resigned to eventually being removed after the main site was shut down in an orderly and peaceful operation on Thursday and had already begun packing up their things.

http://usat.ly/1z10PupEMAIL
Getty
What’s to blame for some of the ugliest periods for stocks? Your kids. Seriously, that’s what a group of researchers from three universities including MIT have found.
Stock prices tend to do the worst during periods following long school vacations, according to new research by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Visiting Professor Lily Fang.
Specifically, stock market returns are 1% in the months following major school holidays, the researchers found. And don’t just blame U.S. children. The “after holiday effect” occurs worldwide, the researcher found by studying market returns following major school breaks in 47.
Why could this happen? There’s an “after holiday effect” where stocks suffer as investment professionals go back to paying attention to the markets instead of their children, says Fang, who did the research with Chunmei Lin of Erasmus University and Yuping Shao National University of Singapore.
Does hanging out with kids put traders in a bad mood? Just the opposite. Since traders are distracted during vacations, the market’s value can drift higher from where it should be. That means the market comes under pressure when traders return to focus — and sell off stocks based on bad news they might have missed while playing with their kids, Fang says.
The after holiday effect is largely negative because it’s the bad news that gets largely missed during school breaks. Short sellers — who normally look for negative news and are a big factor in pulling stock prices down — need to be focused. “Bad news travels slowly,” Fang says. “It is more difficult, and requires even more attention, to take advantage of bad news than good news.”
The biggest period of the effect was seen in the U.S. after summer vacation. Traders who normally would be trying to find companies in trouble to bet against stocks are busy making sand castles. This factor is a big reason why September, the first month of busy trading after the summer, tends to be negative, Fang says.
“The main lesson here is that attention is a limited resource,” says Fang. “We make the unrealistic assumption that since traders are professional investors, they are super machines with infinite attention spans. But the fact is: human beings are human beings.”

Salman Khan scolds me a lot: Sonakshi SinhaBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 4:30 pm
Actress Sonakshi Sinha, who made her acting debut opposite Salman Khan, says the Bollywood superstar, scolds her alot and she does not like it. “I don’t like one thing about him and that is sometimes he scolds me a lot,” Sonakshi, 27, said here on the sidelines of Agenda Aaj Tak 2014.
When the ‘Rowdy Rathore’ star was asked what she dislikes about Shah Rukh Khan and Aamir Khan, the actress said, “I can’t answer that because I don’t know them well. On-screen they both have done some wonderful characters. Shah Rukh is the ultimate romantic hero of Bollywood.” Sonakshi hailed the three superstars of Bollywood and said it is extremely difficult to reach their status.
The actress said that audience’s accessibility to stars has increased, which has reduced their exclusivity. “Actors like Shah Rukh, Salman are stars in true sense. Stars are ones, who are far from you and it is difficult to reach them. During their time there was not much media. Now there is social media and hence accessibility has increased. I feel thats a factor which will make it difficult for us to achieve that kind of stardom,” she said.
Sonakshi said that rivalry between contemporaries that has long existed in Bollywood has reduced with time because the current generation of actors are friendly and cordial to each other.
“Our generation is brought up in a way that we are friendly with everyone. If you ask me about some other actress, I will not hesitate in talking. Rivalry between actors is something which we don’t talk about but is generally written in media. “It is true that my closest friends are not from the industry but I am cordial to all other actors, whenever I meet them. We are colleagues at the end of the day, we watch each other work. We tell each other if we like or dislike, that closeness is there,” she said.

Big production houses garner 70% of revenue in Bengali film industry: surveyBig production houses garner 70% of revenue in Bengali film industry: survey
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Dec 13:  
The Bengali film industry has been seeing higher investments and released. But box office successes are few and far between.
According to a CII and IMRB International study, today over 120 Bengali films are released in a year.
“Compared to 2005, there is a three fold increase in the number of films made and is now quite similar to the number of releases in Kannada and Marathi markets”, said the report.
Big picture
The highest grossing Bengali film of 2013 was Chander Pahar. The box office collection of the film was over Rs 15 crore, an unheard figure in Bengali film industry.
The average investment in a year in Bengali film industry is around 180 crore. The revenue and its growth, however, do not match the buoyancy in the investment. “The industry is valued at Rs 120-150 crore in terms of expected revenue in 2014 and has shown negligible growth over last year”, the report noted.
According to industry estimates, not more than 10 per cent films released in a year break even and around a handful of films, typically 5-6 generate enough surpluses.
This is in striking contrast to the Marathi industry where despite being in close proximity to Rs 9,000 crore domestic Bollywood, operating profits are on the rise.
“Almost 70 per cent of the box office collection of Bengali films today is reclaimed by 22-25 films emanating from 3-4 large production houses. This has left a large number of individual producers, small players operating in the space on a short-term basis unable to recover their promotional expenses let alone production costs”, the reported recorded.
The industry experts believe that this current trend in Bengali film production is not sustainable. Home to acclaimed directors and actors, Bengali film industry produces 8 per cent of the total films made in the country but fails to account for a fair share of revenue.
TV viewership
Poor TV viewership and earnings compounded the problem further. Even a few years back, selling of satellite rights was a very lucrative option. The situation, however, has now changed drastically. Only about 35 per cent films are at present being bought by the channels.
Films performing badly in theatres directly affect their satellite rights, according to Saroj Mukherjee, chairman of distributors section at Eastern India Motion Pictures Association (EIMPA). Broadcasters are also affected by drop in advertisement revenues, generated by airing Bengali films. In general for regional films, and more specifically for Bengali cinema, the broadcasters are solely reliant on local advertisers.
The broadcasters are also threatened by the growing tendency among younger generation to turn their back on television. In order to retain them, the Essel Vision Productions Ltd (EVPL), a subsidiary of Zee Entertainment is now looking at doing films in regional languages, the report pointed out.
ETV Bangla has taken initiatives to launch a slew of telefilms. This enables a host of new talents to come to the fore and also serves as an interface for the audience to appreciate the best on the small screen. The efforts would also allow greater flexibility and utilization of resources, experimentation with new genres, with new scripts and rising stars.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Book online tickets to visit Taj MahalBook tickets online to visit Taj Mahal
PTI
Tweet
Agra, Dec 13:  
This Christmas onwards you won’t have to stand in long queues to buy tickets to enter Taj Mahal as the Archaeological Survey of India is launching the online booking of entry tickets facility.
“All arrangements have been made and our systems are in place. The trial will begin December 25. It has taken us a long time to work on this project which will change the image of the ASI,” Superintending Archaeologist, Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), N K Pathak said.
The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) will be the service provider of the e-ticketing facility, in collaboration with the National Institute of Smart Governance, he said.
After one month trial of the e-ticketing facility at the Taj Mahal, the ASI would extend the similar facility to other monuments, managed by it.
ASI officials said the e-tickets will have security features including bar code, and bar code scanners would be installed at the entry gates.
The ASI is training its staffs for effective and efficient use of the facility, which is likely to put an end to the long queues at the ticket counters.
Tourists had to stand for long hours in queues to buy entry tickets.
Tourism circles in Agra have welcomed ASI’s initiative saying the facility would help check resale of entry tickets and fake tickets by unscrupulous elements.
It is said that the ensuing online facility would also help the ASI in managing the number of visitors.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Lima climate talks on brink of collapse  extended by 24 hoursLima climate talks on brink of collapse, extended by 24 hours
Nitin Sethi | New Delhi Dec 14, 2014 12:05 AM IST
After the climate change negotiations in Lima spiralled to the brink of a collapse in the wee hours of Saturday morning (Peru time), they were extended by at least a day. A third iteration of the draft text for decisions to be taken in Lima, released at around 1 am on Saturday, promised ugly battles during the weekend, between developed and developing countries.
As countries took a break early Saturday morning to reconvene in few hours, several delegations, including the large Africa group and the Least Developed countries grouping, complained they had not even been consulted for the latest document. Many delegates rescheduled their flights to stay back on Sunday, too.
On Friday morning, developing countries, including India, resoundingly and collectively rejected the second draft Lima decision text of the co-chairs (released late on Thursday night, after being leaked). The rejection came with visible anger and frustration. The text had little to offer to developing countries.
It asked very little of developed countries to provide finance; it broke down walls of differentiation between rich and poor nations; it ignored concern that poor countries should be compensated for loss and damage caused by inaction; and it put mitigation at the heart of the 2015 global climate agreement. It went as far as asking developing countries to start providing finances, too,  under the new global regime starting 2020.
The debate over this second iteration of the text was exacerbated by anger over delegates being denied entry into the negotiating room, citing lack of space.
On the other hand, the US, along with other developed countries, put forth red lines, such as refusing to budge on issues of finance and more onerous references to their obligation on adaptation, finance and technology. They also remained steadfast in blocking even a mention of ‘equity’ and ‘common but differentiated responsibilities’ in the text proposed as the Lima decision.
The meeting concluded with Peru promising transparency, yet again. The Peruvian minister committed the ministerial and other consultations underway in parallel were only to find a solution, not to subvert the formal process.
In the early hours of Saturday, the third (and latest) version of the decision text was floated. In a departure from convention, the draft was not put on the website of the United nations Framework Convention on Climate Change at first. Hard copies of the third and latest draft were circulated at the meeting. Only half an hour was given to countries to react to this, on Friday night. Developing countries reacted with increasing anger and frustration, demanding more time for consultations. They expressed reservations about the process, with several complaining they hadn’t been consulted.
The support and applause from select developed-country delegates for the co-chairs and the Peruvian head's efforts did not find support from delegates from developing country.
As the meeting was adjourned in the wee hours of Saturday, countries began reviewing the latest draft in huddles and small groups. Among some groups, there was palpable anger at being ignored during the consultations.
The delegates were asked to return at 10 am on Saturday (Peru time).
While the new draft had been pruned further, the key concerns of developing countries remained locked into the draft agreement. Meetings of country groups stretched through a sleepless Saturday morning, as delegations re-strategised. At the time of the filing of this report (around 8 am in Lima), developing-country groups were holding closed-door assessments and strategies.
KEY INDIAN NON-NEGOTIABLE ISSUES OVERRUN
The 2015 agreement and the contributions of countries under it should not be mitigation-centric
 
The 2015 agreement should be under the existing provisions of the UN Climate Convention
 
The principles of common but differentiated responsibilities and equity should at least be indirectly reflected in the decisions
 
The mitigation action of developing countries should be linked to the obligations of developed countries to provide finance and technology
 

Nabard to recruit Grade-A  -B officersNabard to recruit Grade-A, -B officers
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, December 11:  
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development will recruit 128 officers for its Grade-A and Grade-B cadres. The bank, which focuses on rural development, will hire 122 of these officers in the Grade-A cadre. The detailed notification specifying the eligibility criteria will be put up on the bank’s Website soon, a spokesperson of the bank said. The recruitment process involves three stages: online preliminary examination, main examination (descriptive) followed by an interview.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Hockey: Pak players remove shirt  hurl obscene gestures after winPak hockey players remove shirt, make obscene gestures at crowd after win
PTI
New Delhi, December 13, 2014
First Published: 22:23 IST(13/12/2014)
A misfiring India squandered a golden opportunity to create history as they went down 3-4 against arch-rivals Pakistan in a high-voltage semifinal of the Hero Champions Trophy hockey tournament.
related stories
2 Pak hockey players banned for obscene gestures
Muhammad Arslan Qadir (17th minute, 59th) turned out to be the hero for Pakistan as he scored the winner just one minute from full time.
Pakistan's other scorers were Muhammad Waqas (32nd) and Muhammad Irfan (44th), while India's struck through Gurjinder Singh (12), Dharamvir Singh (38) and Nikkin Thimmaiah (44).
Pakistani players celebrated their victory by hurling indecent and obscene gestures towards the crowd and Indian media and were promptly rebuked by coach Shahnaz Shiekh.
A Pakistan hockey player gestures to spectators as he and his teammates celebrate their victory over India during the Hero Hockey Champions Trophy 2014 semi final. Source: Twitter
#Pakistan 's wild celebrations after #hockey win; #FIH orders probe http://t.co/Wu9qKWVMrL ( #India #Hockey ) pic.twitter.com/eRCqhm15i6 — yespunjab (@yespunjab) December 13, 2014
Pakistan hockey player Shakeep Butt Ammad gestures to spectators to keep quiet as he and teammates celebrate their victory over India during their Hero Hockey Champions Trophy 2014 semi final. AFP PHOTO
It was a good chance for India to register their best-ever performance in the history of Champions Trophy but they couldn't achieve the feat and buckled under pressure.
India's best-ever showing in the Champions Trophy is a bronze medal in 1982 edition of the tournament in Amstelveen, the Netherlands.
India wasted chances galore which cost them dearly. The Indians created opportunities but Sardar Singh, Nikkin, SV Sunil and Ramandeep Singh all misfired on numerous occasions from clear opening.
 
Pakistan hockey captain Imran Muhammad (L) and teammates take their jerseys off as they celebrate their victory over India with teammates during their Hero Hockey Champions Trophy 2014 semi final match. AFP PHOTO
India looked nervous at the beginning which showed in their performance. The Indians were sloppy as they kept losing the ball frequently. Rupinder Pal Singh looked off colour at the back.
Pakistan, on the other hand, looked more organised and kept pressurising the Indian defence.
Rupinder was out-of-sorts at least in the first half as he kept losing the ball frequently and from one such occasion Pakistan created the first real scoring chance of the match in the sixth, but an alert Indian goalie P R Sreejesh came to his side's rescue with a fine save to deny Muhammad Dilbar. Minutes later, Pakistan again looked threatening but Umar Bhutta's deflection from Shafqat Rasool's cross went just wide of the goal.
But it was India which took the lead against the run of play scoring from their first chance.
The Indians earned their first penalty corner and Gurjinder Singh made no mistake in blasting the ball into the left corner of the Pakistan net with a powerful flick.
Pakistan went for referral but their appeal was disallowed. Pakistan then won their first short corner soon but wasted the chance in search of a variation before Sreejesh blocked Shakeel Ahmed Butt's slap shot.
Gurbaj Singh's 10 minute suspension for a yellow card hurt India badly as it created open spaces in the Indian defence, resulting in Pakistan's equaliser.
Muhammad Arsalan Qadir caught the Indian defence off guard and neatly deflected home Butt's cross to draw parity for Pakistan.
India got a golden chance to restore their lead soon but Rupinder's try from their second penalty corner was easily kept out by Pakistan goalkeeper Imran Butt.

Prez Pranab undergoes angioplasty at Army hospitalPrez Pranab undergoes angioplasty at Army hospital
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 13, 2014
First Published: 20:45 IST(13/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:15 IST(14/12/2014)
Comments
President Pranab Mukherjee, 79, reportedly underwent an angioplasty on Saturday to remove a blockage in one of the arteries. He was admitted to Army Research and Referral Hospital here on Saturday afternoon after he initially complained of stomach upset.
Sources said that the heart procedure was done as doctors at the Army's Research and Referral hospital installed a coronary stent in his artery to remove a blockage. Rashtrapati Bhavan, when contacted, neither confirmed nor denied the report. President’s press secretary Venu Rajamoni told HT in the evening, “He is absolutely fine now. The President will return home on Monday.”
“Mukherjee complained of stomach ache in the morning after which he was brought to the hospital where doctors attending on him suggested that he should be admitted for a day. He is under observation and there is no cause of concern,” said hospital sources.
Mukherjee, who turned 79 on Thursday, was admitted to the hospital around 2.30 pm after he had complained of stomach ache and dizziness, said sources. Mukherjee’s personal physician too, had been from the Indian Army.
The President, who walks everyday at the Mughal Ganrdens to keep himself fit also maintains a strict diet regime. Earlier, Mukherjee never suffered any heart ailment but only had complained about occasional back aches.
Press Secretary Venu Rajamony also added that The President's health is being monitored and there is no cause of concern".

Saradha case: Stay within your limits or face music  Mamata warns BJPComments
A day after the  arrest of state minister Madan Mitra  over the Saradha scam, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee hit out against Prime Minister Narendra Modi calling it "political vendetta", while the BJP said she was panicking because of her "involvement."
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
"There are photos of the Prime Minister  with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that the CBI arrest the PM?" Mamata said at a protest rally held in the Maidan area. 
She said Trinamool Congress MPs will protest in Parliament against  the arrest of state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra who is also her close aide.Mitra was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for his alleged role in the multi-crore-rupee chit fund scandal. 
"Stay within your limits or face music," she warned the BJP and the Centre and added "People of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power."
Responding to her charges, the BJP in Delhi said Banerjee is pressing the "panic button" and "rattled" by the possibility that her "own
involvement" could come to light.
 
"Dare does not matter. Sometimes I can say these are politically motivated attempts...If anything which is linking
Mamata Banerjee with the scam, she would be investigated and interrogated by the CBI. It is for CBI to take that call and
not for me to direct the CBI,"BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi told reporters outside Parliament
 
"And it will be determined on the fact of the case and investigating material, which is before the police. I am no one to direct CBI, nor is the BJP. CBI is an autonomous institution," she added.
 
Lekhi said that if Banerjee has done anything wrong or committed any wrong in terms of conspiracy which has happened or if any link is found connecting her with Saradha scam "her dare will go away" because the law would then take its course.
Another party spokesperson G V L Narsimha Rao attacked Banerjee, saying she has "lost all her courage" and was making "adventurous comments" without offering an explanation on the alleged role of her party leaders.
"She is possibly rattled by the revelations and possibly fears that her own involvement in the scam would come to light," he said.
Opposition parties in West Bengal have repeatedly accused the chief minister of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
Meanwhile, West Bengal minister Madan Mitra was sent to CBI custody till Dec 16 by a Kolkata court
Rejecting the bail plea moved by Mitra's lawyers, the chief judicial magistrate's court sent him to four days' custody in connection with the ponzi scandal.
 The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case. 

Centre to sanction 3 electronic clusters each to AP  TelanganaCEA mixes up data, arrives at wrong demand estimate
Union Minister Ravishankar Prasad today said the Centre would sanction three electronic clusters each for Andhra Pradesh and Telangana states.
“The government had initially sanctioned one cluster each for these two states and an additional one was in the process of approval,” the Minister of Communications and Information Technology said at the golden jubilee celebrations of the Computer Society of India here.
Prasad said during his meeting with Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu and his Telangana counterpart K Chandrasekhar Rao earlier today, both of them demanded one more cluster, which has been accepted, he said adding, “So, three such clusters each would be sanctioned for the two states.”
The minister noted that under the scheme, the Centre provides Rs 50 crore funding if the state provides 50 acres of land to set up a cluster.
Prasad also said the government is promoting all the big companies like Samsung and LG to invest in India in a big way under the ‘Make-in-India’ programme.
He said seven lakh kms of optic fibre network would be laid in the country in the next three years, compared to the ten lakh kms achieved in the last 30 years. “We hope to see a big explosion in e-commerce, e-health, (and) e-education (sectors),” he said.
According to the minister, his department has developed a portal through which pensioners, who have gone abroad need not fly back home to present their life certificates to the pension disbursing authority in November every year.
Post Comments
More from economy

Several key drugs in short supply after pric...Several key drugs in short supply after government's price control measure
By Durgesh Nandan Jha & Sushmi Dey, TNN | 14 Dec, 2014, 05.36AM IST
READ MORE ON » missing | GlaxoSmithKline | diabetes
Among the drugs facing shortage are Zyloric (uric acid control), Ocid (acidity), CCM (calcium supplement) and Etroxin (a thyroid medicine).Albumin.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government's price control measure for essential medicines has had an unexpected fallout -several of these drugs, including those for treatment of chronic ailments such as high uric acid levels and diabetes are either in short supply or have gone missing from chemist shops.
Among the drugs facing shortage are Zyloric (uric acid control), Ocid (acidity), CCM (calcium supplement) and Etroxin (a thyroid medicine).Albumin, a lifesaving protein, has been in short supply for nearly four months now.
Pharmacists claim companies have reduced production of these vital drugs because their profit margins have gone down -a charge denied by manufacturers. Kailash Gup ta, head of a federation of chemists, said while controlling the price of medicines the government should also ensure regular supply. Several vital medicines went into short supply right after their prices were controlled by the government, according to Kailash Gupta, president of All India Chemists and Distributor's Federation.
"Ten capsules of Zyloric used to cost Rs 37.40. But after price control measures announced by the government, it now costs Rs 23.30.Similarly , the MRP of Eltroxin (25 mg) went down from Rs 76 to Rs 69. Ocid's price was cut by nearly Rs 30 for a sachet containing15 tablets," said Gupta.
"We get many patients who are suffering from chronic ailments and dependent on some of these medicines. They are desperate to get these medicines," he said.
The spokesperson of GlaxoSmithKline , which manufactures Zyloric, told TOI: "We are currently facing some issues across our manufacturing network that is impacting our ability to supply a number of prod ucts. We are doing our utmost to bring supply back to normal as soon as possible."
The spokesperson added that restoring normal supply may take a few months.
A senior official from Cadila Healthcare said there was no shortage of any drug manufactured by the company . "We continue to produce at our previous levels. There is no cut in either production or supply . I am surprised to hear that you have found shortage. From our end, the supply situation is fine and we have not received any complaints," a senior executive of the company said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

US Congress passes 2015 spending bill after bruising fightUS Congress passes 2015 spending bill after bruising fight
Indian film Jal in running for twoOscarsBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 9:46 am
Girish Malik’s National Award winning film ‘Jal’ has found a place in the Oscar contenders of 2014 in two categories — Best Picture and Best Original Score.
The film, which has the backdrop of water scarcity and tells the story of Bakka, a person gifted with a special ability to find water in the desert, features in the reminder list of productions eligible for the 87th Academy Awards.
This apart, the film’s screenplay has also been invited to the Oscar Library for their permanent core collection.
“’Jal’ is in the race as one of the Oscar contenders in two most prestigious categories – Best Picture and Best Original Score alongside path-breaking films like ‘Interstellar’, ‘Exodus’, ‘300 Rise of Empire’ and other Hollywood biggies,” Puneet Singh, director of One World Films Pvt Ltd, the film’s production banner, told IANS.
The film features Purab Kohli, Kirti Kulhari and Tannishtha Chatterjee in prominent roles.
Malik, who stepped behind the camera for the first time with the film, says that it is wonderful to get noticed on such a huge platform.
“’Jal’ has been shortlisted as one of the Oscar contenders in the mainstream Best Picture category and not the Best Foreign Language film category, which means it will be competing with the Hollywood biggies to find a space for itself and hopefully get noticed on this stupendous platform.
“It was a tremendous struggle to make this film and I am happy and thankful that it’s being noticed on the biggest platform for cinema,” he said.
The music and background score for the film has been composed by Sonu Nigam and Bickram Ghosh.
The other Indian film nominated for the Best Original score is ‘Kochadaiiyaan’, which has compositions by A.R. Rahman.
The double Oscar winner is also nominated for two more of his Hollywood projects — ‘Million Dollar Arm’ and ‘The Hundred-Foot Journey’.
The final nomination list will be announced Jan 15, 2015, while the presentation ceremony will be held Feb 22, 2015 at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood.

Climate talks stares at another long-drawn night inLimaWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 14, 2014 9:37 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 9:49 am
It is not the longest COP ever. Not yet. But the fatigue and frustration is evident on the delegates, and everyone else who is remaining at the conference centre in Lima, as the climate talks that were to finish on Friday evening drags on in the hope of crafting a minimalist draft that everyone can have least objections on.
As the meetings reconvened on Saturday morning, a Malaysian delegate lamented that he was supposed to be on a flight to Cusco, the historical city in southern Peru from where tourists travel to the World Heritage Site of Machu Pichhu, but was being forced to spend time in the negotiating room that incidentally was named ‘Cusco’.
Wearied negotiators moved from one informal meeting to the other, carrying with them inventive turn of phrases that were the only hope for reaching any agreement at the climate talks that have been stalled by deep divisions between the developed and developing countries over a range of issues.
But resolution of several contentious issues were still not in sight and negotiators were planning for another full night of negotiations after having spent almost the entire previous night in the meeting rooms. Many ministers and delegates had already taken their long-distance flights out of Peru while a number of others, including India’s Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar, had to reschedule their itineraries to see the conference through.
Big bean bags put on the first floor of the media room to let journalists rest as they worked over the two-weeks talks were taken away on Friday evening but then brought back on Saturday morning as it became clear that the end was still not near.
For the last seven years, COPs, or Conference of Parties (to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change), as these talks are called, have never finished on their scheduled time, on the Friday evening of the second week. The earliest it managed to wind up during this time was in 2010 in Cancun in Mexico, when the conference ended early in morning on the Saturday. Otherwise, these negotiations have invariably dragged on through most of Saturday. The 2011 meeting in Durban actually went on till the morning of Sunday.
The Lima talks threaten to upstage the Durban record, with the closing plenary still to be convened by 11 at night on Saturday.
“The process drags on because negotiators have ignored the sticking points that have been clear since day one. Whatever happens in the next few hours, one thing is clear: governments will have their work cut out for them next year,” Jan Kowalzig, policy advisor for Oxfam, said.
One of the main contentious issues at the talks has been the issue of ‘differentiation’ between the developed and developing countries, a principle of ‘Common But Differentiated Responsibilities’ enshrined in the UN Framework Convention, that puts the burden of cutting down greenhouse gas emissions mainly continued…

Japan holds polls expected to back Prime Minister Shinzo AbespoliciesBy: Agence-France Presse | Tokyo |
Posted: December 14, 2014 9:37 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:22 pm
Japan was voting today in a snap general election Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has billed as a referendum on his economic policies after the initial success of his first two years faded as the country slumped into recession.
The premier is seeking public blessing for “Abenomics” – his signature plan to fix the country’s flaccid economy – with observers expecting an underwhelming and underprepared opposition will be routed.
Opinion polls predict his ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and its junior partner Komeito will sweep the ballot, probably with an unassailable two-thirds majority, giving them the power to override the upper house.
“I have been pushing for Abenomics, the policies designed to create jobs and raise salaries,” Abe told hundreds of voters in Tokyo’s neon-lit Akihabara electronics district on the eve of the election.
“Japan can be much richer,” Abe said, sporting a knee-length white windbreaker emblazoned with his campaign slogan: “This is the only way”.
Sixty-year-old Abe was only halfway through his four-year term when he called the vote last month.
The first two of his “three arrows” of Abenomics-monetary easing and fiscal stimulus – have largely hit their targets; the once-painfully high yen has plunged, sending stocks higher.
And prices have begun rising after years of standing still-proof, says Abe, that this is the beginning of a virtuous circle of economic growth, with higher wages soon to follow.
However, a precipitous sales tax rise in April snuffed out consumer spending, sending Japan into the two negative quarters of growth that make a recession.
Economists say more important than the temporary highs offered by easy money and government spending is structural reform of Japan’s highly-regulated and protected economy – the third arrow of Abenomics.
Critics say Abe has not been bold enough to take on the vested interests that are the real key to reversing nearly two decades of economic underperformance.
A four-year mandate from the electorate may embolden the prime minister’s hand and see off opposition from within a vast and ill-disciplined LDP, too often given to bouts of regicide.
But heavy snow across swathes of Japan today looked set to further dampen enthusiasm among already-uninspired voters, raising fears of a record low turnout.
“I have no expectations from politics,” Kanji Takahashi, a 72-year-old fish market worker, said after casting a ballot at a Tokyo polling station.

A date with astronomy in PuducherryUpdated: December 14, 2014 09:47 IST
A date with astronomy in Puducherry
Staff Reporter
Tweet
The Hindu
School students from Puducherry who went on a science tour organised by the Pondicherry Science Forum to the Vainu Bappu Observatory in Kavalur in Vellore district. Photo: Special Arrangement
At night, the students observed celestial objects through the visitors’ telescope after watching the film, ‘Cosmic Collusions’
Making use of the favourable time for sky watching, 25 government school students and five teachers from Puducherry visited the Vainu Bappu Observatory located in the Jawadhu Hills, Kavalur, Vellore district on a science tour.
The tour was organised by the Pondicherry Science Forum (PSF), with support from the Department of Science, Technology and Environment.
The astronomical observatory is owned and operated by the Indian Institute of Astrophysics.
Students went on a guided tour and got to see the 2.3m Vainu Bappu Telescope and were told about its contribution to the discoveries of minor planet 4130 Ramanujan, confirmation of planetary rings around Uranus in 1977 by C. Velu, Senior Research Assistant, said a release from PSF.
They were given insights into astronomy by Anbazhagan, engineer at the observatory. At night, the students observed celestial objects through the visitors’ telescope after watching the film, ‘Cosmic Collusions’.
Much awaited event
The science tour to the Vainu Bappu Observatory, a regular activity, is a much-awaited event among young science enthusiasts of government schools.

Champions Trophy 2014 Hockey Results: Pakistan Top India in Cliff-Hanger to Enter FinalChampions Trophy 2014 Hockey Results: Pakistan Top India in Cliff-Hanger to Enter Final
Our generation of actors not bothered about number game: ArjunKapoorBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 9:57 am
‘2 States’ actor Arjun Kapoor says the current generation of actors in Bollywood is not interested in the number game.
The 29-year-old star feels ranking of actors is subjective so they should not be constantly compared to each other.
“We are not horses that we will always be in a race. We are not interested in becoming number one, two or three. These rankings are subjective. 10 people will like one actor, others will like some different actor.
“We are new. We are enjoying just being a part of this profession. We have got an opportunity to be in Bollywood, we are using that and working hard. We can only think about the number game after sustaining for 10-12 years. Media should not compare us,” said Arjun.
The ‘Ishaqzaade’ star said audience has started accepting unconventional-looking actors, which has helped him gain a fan base.
“Times have changed. Unconventional-looking actors are accepted today, I am not conventional and have got accepted by people. Conventional has become boring. This is an exciting time today. We can express our attitude, personality and conviction without any hesitation. That is how the current generation is. This has affected Bollywood too,” Arjun said.
The actor added that nowadays real characters are written, which are not larger-than-life, unlike the old times when there was a certain image of a Bollywood hero.
According to Arjun, relatable characterisation is one of the reasons why actors don’t have the same stardom as veteran superstars today.
“People’s mindsets have changed. I am a very regular-looking guy so people feel I am one of them. People should be able to find a connection with the actors.
“We are not projected larger-than-life, we are regular people in extraordinary situations, which youth likes more. It does not like us flaunting stardom. They rather see relatable characters. Maybe this is why it will take us longer to reach status of stars of previous generation,” he said.
Praising the three superstars of Bollywood — Salman, Shah Rukh and Aamir Khan, Arjun said they are case studies in themselves.
“The Khans are anomalies. They are case studies. They are surviving in the industry for past 27 years. They are doing better and better.
“What Shah Rukh has achieved in ‘Happy New Year’ in terms of physique… At this age, people are reinventing their body, acting. Salman has ‘repeaked’ at his peak. Aamir does one movie in three years and people decide that they will watch it. Such things happen once in 1000 years,” the young actor said.

Mehdi Biswas  IS links  virtual ; was he just thrill-seekerComments
The young engineer behind a popular pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account was arrested on Saturday at his one-room rented accommodation in an upscale Bengaluru neighbourhood, triggering pledges to free him by those subscribing to the terror group’s alarming agenda.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the man who operated pro-IS Twitter handle, worked for a MNC. (Photo courtesy- Bengaluru City Police on Twitter)
“On the basis of credible intelligence inputs ... we have apprehended Mehdi Masroor Biswas from his apartment,” said director general of police LR Pachuau.
The mobile phone — the one that he apparently used to tweet thousands of jihadi posts to his 17,000 followers on Twitter — was confiscated along with a laptop and other documents for evidence.
He is religious but not a fanatic: Mehdi’s father
Police said 24-year-old Mehdi from a Kolkata suburb working with ITC in Bengaluru didn’t probably have any direct links with the terror group which controls swathes of Syria and Iraq as part of its campaign to create an Islamic caliphate.
“He appears to have been only majorly active in the virtual world,” said Bengaluru police commissioner MN Reddi.
Police said he used to post Twitter messages after office hours, cheering the IS’s advances in Iraq and Syria, and mocking its enemies. “He was particularly close to the English-speaking terrorists of IS and became a source of incitement and information for the new recruits trying to join IS,” Reddi said.
ISIS twitter case: Accused arrested by police, confesses operating account since many years
A case registered against him for abetting war against the state.
But his parents in Kolkata said he was being framed. “He is religious but not a fanatic to join a terrorist group. He didn’t go to a madrasa and doesn’t even know Arabic,” said mother Mamtaz Begam.
Britain’s Channel4 on Wednesday night revealed Mehdi as the man behind the Twitter handle @ShamiWitness that was described as a “leading conduit of information between jihadis, supporters and recruits” with 2 million views each month.
But Reddi said Biswas never recruited anyone or facilitated any such activity in India, and had never traveled outside India.
Reports suggest Mehdi was seeking cheap thrill as he was drawn into the IS propaganda machine that promotes its conquests, inspires sympathisers and attracts new recruits through the social media. The IS uses Hollywood-style film clips and other elements to attract disaffected but plugged-in young Muslims like Mehdi, a regular man who shares “jokes, pictures of pizza dinners with friends and Hawaiian parties at work” on his Facebook account.
His arrest prompted IS to launch a "Free Shami Witness" campaign while Kurdish fighters in Syria celebrated the news.
“Bengaluru ruthless Police arrest brother Mehdi Masroor Biswas as owner of @ShamiWitness twitter acc,” wrote IS Tweeter handle, @IS_WorldPress, drawing immediate response from the group’s supporters across the world to free him at any cost.
“We all miss #ShamiWitness twitter isnt the same without his news,” tweeted JanissaryFighter ( ?@SaifAlRasheed97 ).
Kurdish fighters, the IS’s bitter enemies, uploaded morphed pictures of Biswas behind the bars, wearing Santa Claus hats.

So the journey of the company has been jeopardized by the learned mana...Platinum Member
151 Followers
DR DATSONS LABS is under the SEBI`s Lense now.  What a great protection to the small investors ? So we can expect best open offer.  The Book value is Rs. 65 per share.  But still IPO investors are loosing by 75% after getting shares in IPO in four years back.  All the best to the investors.
10.12 AM Dec 14th 2014

Khushji  nice to see your post. i liked the comment `outside the...Platinum Member
505 Followers
Promoters give loan to company and take shares at a rate that is agreeable to majority of share holders, usually in AGM or EGM. Sometimes private equity firms also do this if they have to rescue a company, after agreeing with the management and shareholders suitably.
In case of Suzlon, the objections raised by share holders against preferential allotment is minimal during the last AGM. Yes, Mr.Tanti and other promoters gave some cash loan to Suzlon earlier.
In reply to : subrata_ind message
1.37 PM Dec 11th 2014

Is circuit has been imposed on this stock on friday i.e. 12th dec.14 Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

What a useless and inane comparison... all companies mentioned by you ...CORRECTION.
tcs currently sells at more than 6 times or so its revnue.
After LCC buy out revenue of TML will be plus 4 billion USD and will hit 5 billion USD in Dec 2015 qrtr.
U can accordingly calculate the current and future fair market price of TML at 4 billion USD revenue and 5 billion revenue.
Here is food for thought at 4 billion and 6 times FRev market cap roughly current price comes to 6900 rupee including treasury stock and at 5 billion 8700 plus.
If u don`t count treasury stock ,then it jumps up by another 10% and comes to 7800 and 9600.
U can apply the discount u want to to TML V s TCS . But some one can say how do u balance that ass TML is having better growth rate than TCS.
Keep smiling.
In reply to : bullguru108 message
7.26 AM Dec 2nd 2014

Taxi drivers to undergo gender sensitisation programmeTaxi drivers to undergo gender sensitisation programme
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 14, 2014 09:55 AM IST
In the aftermath of the Uber rape case, all taxi drivers in the national capital will have to go through gender sensitisation programme to get fitness certificate for their vehicles.
The state government is taking the step to sensitise the drivers about ensuring safety of women passengers.
A senior official of transport department said that after attending the special classes, taxi drivers will be issued a certificate and then, they will have to show it at the time of getting the fitness certificate.
"From December 22, they will first have to produce certificate of attending gender sensitisation classes and then, they will be issued fitness certificate for their taxis," a senior official of transport department said.
According to the transport department, the two-hour programme will be organised for drivers of every type of taxis, including radio taxi, economy taxi and all India permit taxis.
The government is going to make it mandatory for all the taxi drivers to undergo gender sensitisation programmes to get fitness certificate for their vehicles from December 22.
"Our main aim is to sensitise all the taxi drivers about ensuring safety of women travelling in their vehicles. We have made it mandatory for every driver to attend sensitisation programme, which will last for two hours," the official said.
The department has involved some NGOs for such special classes.
The classes will be organised at Institute of Driving and Training Research (Loni Road), at Sarai Kale Khan and Driving Training Institute (Burari).
Cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, employed with the US-based cab service, allegedly raped the 27-year-old finance company executive in the company's car.

US Senate passes spending bill  ends govt shutdown threatUS Senate passes spending bill, ends govt shutdown threat
Reuters | Washington Dec 14, 2014 09:52 AM IST
The US Senate on Saturday passed a $1.1 trillion spending bill that lifts the threat of a government shutdown as Congress attempts to wrap up a two-year legislative session marked by bitter partisanship and few major accomplishments.
The Senate's 56-40 vote sends the measure to President Barack Obama, who is expected to sign it into law before federal spending authority expires at midnight on Wednesday.
Passage of the 1,603-page bill was a long, tough struggle in the Senate and the House of Representatives marked by bitter disputes over changes to banking regulations and Obama's recent executive order on immigration.
Liberal Democrats, led by Senator Elizabeth Warren, objected to a weakening of the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, while conservative Republicans, led by Tea Party firebrand Ted Cruz, tried to sink it for failing to stop Obama's order.
Cruz's tactics to delay the bill created an opening for Democrats in a rare Saturday session to push through dozens of Obama's nominations opposed by Republicans, from judges to energy regulators. His party colleagues were angered.
"I think most Republicans feel like that Christmas came early for Democrats," said Republican Senator Lindsey Graham. "At the end of the day, they got nominees we previously successfully blocked and we got nothing."
The legislation funds most government agencies through September 2015. The Department of Homeland Security will be treated differently, getting a funding extension only through Feb. 27, by which time Republicans will control both chambers of Congress.
Republicans insisted on the shorter leash for DHS so that they can try to deny the agency any funds for implementing Obama's recent order easing deportations for millions of undocumented immigrants.
The Senate vote closed the latest chapter in a four-year-long battle between Democrats and Republicans over US fiscal policy during an era of large budget deficits.
These battles are expected to resume next year but with a twist: Republicans, having won big gains in the Nov. 4 congressional elections, take control of the Senate from Democrats with a 54-46 majority and will enjoy a larger majority in the House.
Nonetheless, Republicans will still need cooperation from Democrats in the Senate, where 60 out of 100 votes are needed to advance most major bills.
Texan strikes again
Cruz, a potential 2016 presidential candidate, had delayed the spending bill over demands for an up-or-down vote denying funds for Obama's immigration plans.
It was reminiscent of his role as the ringleader of the October 2013 government shutdown that lasted 16 days, when he insisted on gutting Obama's healthcare law.
As in 2013, this latest budget fight ended with Cruz failing to score a victory and Democrats bashing Republicans for again raising the specter of a government shutdown.
A revolt by Warren and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, a longtime Obama ally, over a provision to ease Wall Street banking regulations fed tensions on Capitol Hill all week.
The House vote was delayed for seven hours on Thursday after Democrats balked at the provision to kill new restrictions on derivatives trading by large banks, weakening Dodd-Frank, one of Obama's early legislative achievements passed in response to the 2008 financial crisis, triggered partly by complex mortgage derivatives.
Banks argue the regulations would have been ineffective and costly.
The provision was partly responsible for 21 "no" votes from Senate Democrats, which outnumbered 18 Republicans and one independent opposing it.
The spending bill provides for a slight increase in Pentagon war funding, which would total $64 billion for this fiscal year. Some of the money is for combating Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
Other high-priority items include nearly $5.5 billion to help contain the Ebola virus, including Defense Department efforts in West Africa.
Internal Revenue Service spending would be cut and Republicans also inserted initiatives ranging from prohibiting funding for the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate lead content in ammunition and fishing tackle, to stopping the transfer or release of Guantanamo detainees into the United States.

YouTube offers buffer-free offline video serviceThe new offline feature for YouTube app lets people take videos offline.
The Hindu
Rajan Anandan, M.D, Google India at a press conference to launch You Tube buffer-free offline video experience held in Mumbai on Thursday. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
IT Enabled Services
In a move to take advantage of the rapidly growing base of mobile Internet users, YouTube on Thursday launched an offline feature here.
The new offline feature for YouTube app lets people take videos offline, using WiFi or their data plans. Once taken offline, these can be viewed without an Internet connection for up to 48 hours, allowing users to enjoy the videos without the worry about slow connections.
YouTube is a subsidiary of Google Inc.
The offline feature is the YouTube’s latest effort in a series of initiatives to make video content more affordable and accessible to the large base of mobile Internet users in India. It is YouTube’s first release of ad-supported offline feature on Android and iOS, which was announced earlier this year with the launch of Android One smartphones.
Google India Managing Director Rajan Anandan said, “India is the world’s largest mobile-only Internet user country, and of the 300 million Internet users, 180-190 million users access Internet through mobile phones.’’
Growing at the current rate, India will cross 500 million Internet users by 2017, and to get to that figure, Internet must be accessible and must have content, Mr. Anandan said adding, “the good news is there are a huge, growing number of users but the bad news is that India is bandwidth-starved with poor network quality and expensive data. The new feature lets people watch videos for short periods of low connectivity or no internet connection.’’
The feature has been built for intermittent Internet access as is the case in India. “We have 60 million YouTube users here. Globally, it is also being simultaneously launched on Thursday in Indonesia and the Philippines too. We will consider taking it to other Asian countries too,’’ Ajay Vidyasagar, Regional Director, YouTube Partnerships, YouTube Asia-Pacific, said.

Bengali beauty Swastika s SCANDALOUS life!Photo uploaded by Shankar Manakkal
on May 27, 2014 , 11:46 am
12340 Views  |  15  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
If rumours are to be believed, Swastika Mukherjee recently tried to commit suicide following a tiff with her boyfriend. Image Source: procured via Google Search.
If rumours are to be believed, Swastika Mukherjee recently tried to commit suicide following a tiff with her boyfriend. Image Source: procured via Google Search.

South superstar VENKATESH S unseen photosPhoto uploaded by Lipla Bhatt
on Dec 12, 2013 , 01:44 pm
4065 Views  |  5  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Daggubati Venkatesh has been among on of the top actors in Southern cinema with an acting career spanning over two and a half decades now.
Daggubati Venkatesh has been among on of the top actors in Southern cinema with an acting career spanning over two and a half decades now.

1000 weeks: Things you didn t know about DDLJ!Photo uploaded by Chitrath Karan
on Dec 06, 2014 , 12:57 am
1842 Views  |  10  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
'Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge' is perhaps the most romantic love stories that Bollywood has ever made. The film completes its 1000 weeks and still continues to be a hit among SRK fans. On this occasion, YRF even re-released a fresh new trailer of DDLJ.
'Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge' is perhaps the most romantic love stories that Bollywood has ever made. The film completes its 1000 weeks and still continues to be a hit among SRK fans. On this occasion, YRF even re-released a fresh new trailer of DDLJ.

Set aside hate  China s President Xi Jinping says on Nanjing Massacre anniversaryBy: Reuters | Beijing |
Posted: December 13, 2014 10:59 am
China and Japan should set aside hatred and not allow the minority who led Japan to war to affect relations now, Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Saturday, as the country marked its first national memorial day for the Nanjing Massacre.
China and Japan have long sparred over their painful history. China consistently reminds its people of the 1937 massacre in which it says Japanese troops killed 300,000 people in its then capital.
A postwar Allied tribunal put the death toll at 142,000, but some conservative Japanese politicians and scholars deny a massacre took place at all.
Ties had deteriorated sharply over the past year following Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s visit to the Yasukuni Shrine honouring war criminals among Japan’s war dead. The two are also involved in a spat over islets in the East China Sea.
But both countries, mindful of the economic stakes, reached agreement last month to try to reset ties during an ice-breaking meeting between Xi and Abe in Beijing.
Speaking at a memorial in the eastern city of Nanjing, a sombre Xi said that while history must never be forgotten, the future was just as important.
“The reason we are having a memorial for the Nanjing Massacre victims is to recall that all good-hearted people yearn for and hold fast to peace, not to prolong hatred,” Xi said, in comments carried live on state television.
“The people of China and Japan should pass on friendship from generation to generation,” he added.
“Forgetting history is a betrayal, and denying a crime is to repeat a crime. We should not hate a people just because a small minority of militarists set off an invasion and war. “… but nobody at any time should forget the severe crimes of the invaders.”
Doves to signify peace flew overhead once Xi, wearing a white flower on his lapel to signify mourning, finished speaking. Next year is the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two, and China has already promised memorials, offering the potential for further Sino-Japanese friction.
In recent days, China has released heart-rending accounts of the violence from its archives.
“With the issue of history having become an unavoidable hurdle in Japan’s relations with neighbours, the best way for the island nation to proceed is sincere acknowledgement and repentance of its war-time past, rather than futile attempts to reject it,” the official Xinhua news agency said in a commentary.

Stock trading: Why to select a limit orderPrint
Looking to make quick money by way of stock trading is not a simple task. The downside risks involved could prove pretty costly. Effective stock trading is not just about getting the price right, but also the timing. Sometimes, you may have to wait, and not jump the gun.
For this reason, you can opt for a ‘limit order’ and not a ‘market order’, especially in a highly volatile market.
Here are a few things to know about limit orders and their benefits:
What is Limit Order? Most trading firms give you the option of selecting between a market order and a limit order. The difference is fairly simple and deals with when the order will be processed. A market order gets processed immediately. You will then get the current price at which shares are trading in the market. A limit order, on the other hand, will not get processed immediately. You will be setting a ‘price limit’. So, the order will get processed only if shares are available at that price or lower. Since it is not a market order, a limit order remains open for a specified trading session. If the strike price is not reached within that time limit, the limit order will not be executed and automatically gets cancelled.
Specify Your Own Value: Stock trading – in comparison to long term equity investment – is about making optimal profits over the short term. This could range between one and six months. The thumb rule is to buy at a low price and then selling at a higher price. For this, you need to time the market. A limit order comes handy at this point, since you need to buy a stock at its lowest price and sell at the highest. It offers the best option of undertaking a trade at a price that you consider the best possible value.
Flexibility: Once you opt for a limit order, you have the time to modify it. You can change the price or even convert it to a market order to ensure immediate execution. This may not be possible with a market order.
No Chance of Overpaying: A market order is executed on the spot and the chances of benefitting from the day’s volatility are limited. A limit order does not guarantee the execution of a trade as it is dependent on the conditions imposed by the investor. However, it ensures that the investor does not pay more than he or she is willing to for a particular stock trade.
Best Suited for Volatile & Low-Volume Market: In a highly volatile market, a limit order that sets your price level is the most suitable way of trading. It can help gain profits as well as contain losses. It is equally suited for a low volume market, where the price movement of a stock can be difficult to gauge.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

KCR asks more funds from Centre for ITIR projectKCR asks more funds from Centre for ITIR project
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec. 13:  
The Telangana Government has asked the Union Government to allocate more funds for the Information Technology Investment Region (ITIR) project being taken up in Hyderabad.
Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao appealed to Union Minister for IT Ravi Shankar Prasad here on Saturday that the financial assistance of Rs 165 crore announced by the Centre is not adequate to carry out the initial work on the project. “We request you to increase the financial assistance to speed up the work,” he said, when the later called on him at the Secretariat today.
Responding to the request, the Union Minister has asked the Chief Minister to formally write to the Ministry with details.
The ITIR will cover an area of 202 sq km, providing infrastructure to the existing and new IT corridors. It is expected to attract investments of Rs 2.19 lakh crore over a span of 25 years.
The Minister said a separate postal circle had been approved for the new State.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Sreedharan  AP CM discuss on proposed metro rail projectsSreedharan meets Naidu, discusses metro rail projects
V. Rishi Kumar
PTI Discussing details AP Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu with E Sreedharan, Advisor, Metro Rail Project, and others during a meeting in Hyderabad on Saturday. PTI
Hyderabad, Dec 13:  
E.Sreedharan, the metro rail expert, today met Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N.Chandrababu Naidu and discussed the proposed metro rail projects for Vijayawada and Visakapatnam and its feasibility in the temple town of Tirupati.
During the meeting today, the Chief Minister has asked Sreedharan to facilitate the preparation of detailed project reports.
As per plans, the DPRs would be submitted by March 2015. He proposed that the metro rail project works be taken up by June 2015 and phase one completed in Vijayawada city by 2018.
The services of the metro rail man Sreedharan, who has been associated with several major rail and metro rail projects in the country, including Konkan Railway, Delhi Metro Rail and as a consultant for Hyderabad metro initially and other projects, have been enlisted by the Andhra Pradesh Government. He has visited and inspected the metro rail projects sites and this is a follow up meeting.
He has been entrusted the mandate to study the feasibility and advise the Government in the preparation of the detailed project reports and implementation of metro projects in the proposed capital city near Vijayawada, Visakhapatnam and Tirupati.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

How to link your bank account to PayPalTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Fri 2 Jan, 2015, 11:22 PM IST - India Markets closed
How to link your bank account to PayPal
Simplus Information Services –  Tue 4 Nov, 2014 12:41 PM IST
Print
Much has changed since the advent of the internet and so have the modes of banking, selling, and shopping. The ongoing IT revolution has even made it possible to send money to anyone in the world (in any currency) at any time.
All you need is recipient’s email ID. Conversely, you too can receive funds from anyone in the world this way.
PayPal, a company based out of San Jose, California founded in 1998, is one such global service offering online account facilities with varied online payment solutions. In 2013, it recorded a transaction volume of $180 billion.
Recognized by the RBI, PayPal allows an Indian account holder to receive foreign currency remittances such as Euro, USD and other currencies into Rupee-based accounts with recognized Indian banks. You can conduct an export-related transaction worth $10,000, as per RBI rules.
Transferring money through the online service requires you to link your bank account with the PayPal account. Only after an existing bank account is confirmed by PayPal, would the online account become active and permit export-related transactions.
Here is a look at how you link your bank account to PayPal account:
Step 1: First of all, you need to open a new PayPal account by signing up at www.paypal.com. To register on PayPal, all you need is a valid email address, personal details and a strong password.
Step 2: Once you are a registered PayPal user, you would need to log in by using your email and PayPal password. On attaining access to the ‘My Account’ page, select the Profile tab. Several options will open up. Then select the ‘Link/Edit Bank Account’ option to add a bank account to your PayPal account.
Step 3: You will be directed to the ‘Bank Account’ page. Once there, select the ‘Link my bank account’ option.
Step 4: ‘Your Bank Account’ page will now open up with ‘Country India’ that will require details of the account holder. After entering in your bank account name in the top space, enter the name of the bank in next space.
In the space marked for ‘NEFT IFSC’ number, you will need to check out with your bank, or look up your bank pass book or cheque book where the NEFT IFSC number will be written. Enter this number.
In the ‘Account number’ space, carefully key all the digits of your account number and doubly check it to avoid any wrong entry. Repeat the account number in the ‘Re-enter account number’ space.
After filling up all the spaces at the ‘Your bank account’ page, hit the ‘Continue’ tab at the bottom of the page. Next, click on ‘Confirm’ to approve the details you have provided.  
Once all this is done, it takes 4 to 6 working days to complete the bank account confirmation process.
Step 6: To confirm you bank account, PayPal sends two tiny deposits ranging from Re 1 to Re 2 into your bank account. Check your bank account statement in 4 to 6 working days. You can get a mini statement at your nearest ATM or do so via internet banking.
After finding the small deposits entered into your bank account statement, open your PayPal account and enter the exact amounts in the space that will flash for confirming your bank account.
Once you have correctly entered the small deposit amounts into your PayPal account, your bank account will be confirmed by PayPal and stands successfully linked with your PayPal account.
Here you can add your bank account or replace an existing bank account already linked with PayPal with a new one of your choosing.
Congratulations! You can now receive funds (minus the transaction fee) from any part of the world in your PayPal account in no time.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

If you take the advertising out of the illegal sites  95 per cent of them would disappear: Mike WeatherleyIf you take the advertising out of the illegal sites, 95 per cent of them would disappear: Mike Weatherley
Vanita Kohli-Khandekar |  Dec 13, 2014 10:46 PM IST
In October this year Google started deranking pirate sites. In November UK prime minister David Cameron endorsed a report that says that Intellectual Property (IP) education should become a part of the curriculum in British schools. Much of this is a result of the work Mike Weatherley, who was till recently the Intellectual Property (IP) Adviser to David Cameron, has been doing. A bulk of Weatherley's approach to tackling piracy is housed in three reports - Follow the Money, Search Engines and Piracy and recently Copyright Education and Piracy. The Conservative MP for Hove and Portslade displays in these some path-breaking ideas on fighting piracy in creative industries, a huge contributor to the UK economy. Vanita Kohli-Khandekar spoke to Weatherley on the sidelines of the CASBAA Convention in Hong Kong recently. Edited excerpts.
You champion the use of education to tackle content piracy…
About 20-30 years ago people in England would drink and drive and it was ok. Now it is no longer a cool thing to do because we have been educated, there is peer pressure. And that is what you need to fight piracy, to win hearts and minds. There are several reasons piracy is wrong, one is of course the moral one. The second is the economic reason, it hurts the people who work in these businesses. But to communicate this you cannot get a famous person to give the message in say schools. Because the impression is these guys get the money. You need to get new artistes, who are trying to break through. A new band's music was downloaded so many times by a Russian site that its record didn't do well and therefore the record company wouldn't do a second album. They should be telling young people about their experience. Also within schools at some point, the curriculum should include IP education so that youngsters learn to respect intellectual property.
It is not just young people older people too use pirated films and music for convenience or price…
All age groups pirate but the younger ones have grown up with a free product and expect it to remain free. The older ones know that we have to pay. We have already lost one generation to the idea of free content, we don't want to lost the new generation. And of course industry needs to adapt and offer more options such as streaming or rental.
Is intellectual piracy typical of entertainment products or is it a general moral dilemma?
The usual argument for piracy is that 'I wouldn't have bought it otherwise, so what is the problem.' But research shows that people tend to consume the same amount of music whether bought or not. That is an intellectual debate. Just because it (music or films) is less material does not make stealing it less criminal. The general rule in piracy is to follow the money. If you take the advertising out of the illegal sites, 95 per cent of them would disappear. The vast majority of illegal sites make money.
When it comes to IP and piracy what are the things that have maximum impact?
The success in controlling piracy doesn't come from prosecuting people but from getting them to stop it. There are a lot of new ways of stopping piracy. In the short term it is disruption, which is what Follow the Money and Search Engine reports are about. (These reports primarily recommend making pirate sites unsearchable and unadvertisable thereby drying up funds and controlling the reach of pirates) In the long-term it is education.
What is the status of your recommendation on search engines and piracy?
Google has implemented the 'autocomplete' recommendation which deranks pirate sites. (This means that in a search result if a pirate site comes up, Google will push it down the ranks if it has been notified that this is a pirate site). This was implemented globally last week (mid-October) and the downloads on BitTorrent (a popular pirate site) have apparently fallen by half. Deranking then ensures that they are starved of advertising revenues, which is the main source of income for pirate sites. In addition in England, a right holder can apply to the court to get an ISP (Internet service provider) to block an illegal site. And if the court says it is illegal then not just the ISP but everyone has to block it.
Asian countries have a horrible record on piracy. Your advice to the bodies fighting it here.
Every country should have an IP person. The UK and US have done that and addressed the problem much better. It cannot be someone from the government but someone outside who advises it. Also piracy needs a dedicated police force, it can't be part of the same force that is fighting other crimes. The UK created the Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit or PIPCU last year.

Women s safety: E-comm cos need to do more to ensure quality of workforcee-commerce
(Women’s safety should…)
The irony of her first — and only — cash on delivery purchase isn't lost on Mili Srivastava, a senior corporate executive in Hyderabad. In September this year, she bought a copy of Maya Angelou's book I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings on Flipkart. And, rather than enjoy the first in a seven-volume series detailing the struggles of the African-American writer, she discovered the title was, in a cruel twist of fate, symbolic of her struggle with the online retailing giant.
When the book was delivered to her house, Srivastava wasn't home. Instead, her young domestic help was, but without the cash to pay for the book. So, she borrowed some money from a neighbour; on her return the delivery man made a grab for her. Thanks to force of will and some situational awareness (the maid dialled the neighbours on an intercom during her struggle), she slipped free and the delivery boy bolted. "Would he have had access to my house if he wasn't delivering a Flipkart parcel," asks an irate Srivastava.
The many shades of deliverymen are a vital cog in the business model of internet-enabled businesses. They are the face of a business that is otherwise conducted on a computer (or phone or tablet) screen. And as more women become part of the business model — especially as customers — their safety is under threat. Hiring an army of fitters, drivers and deliverymen may be integral to the survival of the business, but the companies here are yet figuring out how to keep women customers safe. For two days, Srivastava adds, she tried to reach Flipkart. Instead of prompt action, she says, her complaint slipped through the cracks, into a general pool dealing with an assortment of less pressing issues. It was only when she took to social media and to the local law enforcement that Flipkart responded. "Senior executives have called and visited me, but there has been no written apology from them, which is something I want," says Srivastava.
Instead, they have made an offer to pay for a vocational training programme for the maid, an offer she has declined. "I bought a service from you as Flipkart and that service was deficient, therefore I should be compensated," she contends. A Flipkart spokesperson explains that the leadership has been in touch with the family and "will partner with them every step of the way to ensure the case reaches its logical conclusion".
Flipkart points out that the accused has been arrested (for allegedly trying to outrage the modesty of a woman), and that the matter is being investigated by the law enforcement authorities.
Question of Safeguards
"The safety of our customers is of utmost importance to us: we have a very strong business ethics policy that binds not only our employees but also our business partners. We have zero tolerance for such behaviour and strictest action has been taken for this unfortunate incident that happened in September," says the company spokesperson. "We have been cooperating fully with the police... We have worked very closely with our manpower sourcing partner to ensure that all documents requested are being furnished immediately."
The spokesperson adds that Flipkart has taken up the matter "very strongly with all our manpower sourcing partners to ensure even more stringent background checks are being done, including police verification".
To be sure, the incident has spurred the e-commerce giant into action. The spokesperson points out that the training and the operations managers have undertaken a series of communication sessions with delivery staff/partners across the country to reiterate a zero-tolerance policy on such matters. "They are being educated on the pursuant actions in case their staff violates these policies in any way. There is also a complete review being undertaken of our response system for matters of such gravity. Flipkart will ensure that such instances are dealt with and addressed within significantly shorter timeframes going forward."
In addition, delivery partners undertake a fourstage employee verification process to try to weed out the bad apples, and are committed to making their customers feel safe, says the spokesperson. This case of an assault on a woman, and more recently the alleged rape of a woman by a driver associated with Uber, highlights the growing gender insensitivity of e-commerce firms, say activists.
They are putting business ahead of the safety of women customers, they claim. They argue that these companies aren't doing enough to protect women, who form at least half their customers. "The se companies generally do not give any thought to women's safety, with a few (rare) exceptions... MNCs usually follow double standards with regard to safety clauses on most counts, be they environmental or related to social aspects when they operate in third world countries like India," says Indu Agnihotri, director, Centre for Women's Development Studies.

Gullible investors trapped due to their own greed: Anil SinhaPM Narendra Modi raises solar investment target to $100 bn by 2022
Gullible investors get trapped in ponzi schemes because of their own “greed”, CBI chief Anil Sinha said today on the scam in which an estimated 25 lakh people have lost deposits in West Bengal and Odisha alone.
“They (investors in ponzi schemes) are not suffering because CBI is not investigating these cases. They are suffering because of other reasons,” he said.
The CBI chief was asked whether he would like a policy where the agency is allowed to take up probe cases of ponzi scam in which majority of investors come from poor and lower middle class sections rather than wait for state governments.
“If we have to fight corruption in this country, there is a fundamental requirement that we have to fight our greed. When gullible people get trapped in such schemes, they are trapped because of their own greed…If we have to fight corruption, we have to have control on ourselves,” he said at the Aaj Tak Agenda.
The 1979-batch IPS officer, who took charge of the agency on December 3, said he would not like to interfere in the work of other agencies who are mandated to probe such cases.
Sinha said all the steps taken in the case are based on the available “facts and evidence”.
“…We have to work as per mandate given to us. There should be not interference,” the CBI chief said.
The apex court had observed that more than 25 lakh claims have been received in Odisha and West Bengal which is indicative of the magnitude of scam in terms of number of citizens that were “defrauded by the ponzi companies”.
He said he has directed his officers to work without fear and total impartiality without thinking about consequences and also ensuring that “unnecessary harassment” should be avoided.
Indicating that information on investigations will not come out easily in the open, Sinha said, “I strongly believe that very little information about investigations should come in public domain. Things which should not be in public domain, should not be in public domain at all. I can understand the curiosity of people but I cannot help that. There are very few things which we can put in public domain”.
Post Comments
More from economy

Russia warns of retaliation if US imposes new sanctionsRussia warns of retaliation if US imposes new sanctions
200 days of Modi govt: What 10 first-time BJP MPs have been doingBharatiya Janata Party
(It would not be a stretch…)
It would not be a stretch to say that the first 200 days of Prime Minister Narendra Modi — the 200th day was Thursday, December 11 — have provided enough ammunition to both his backers and bashers. His supporters point to Modi's far-reaching initiatives like Make in India, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Jan Dhan Yojana; his reforms like allowing private companies to mine coal commercially and increase in foreign direct investment limits in key sectors, easing of restrictions in environment laws and his efforts to forge stronger ties with world powers such as China and the US.
His detractors, on the other hand, refer to the lack of results on the government's part to bring black money back to the country as the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had promised during its election campaign. More worrying than that, they say, is Modi's silence on potentially polarising statements and actions by those in the BJP, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and its affiliate bodies: from the allegedly forced conversions of Muslims in Agra to Sushma Swaraj saying that the Bhagvad Gita should be declared a national scripture.
The Opposition is seeing red over what it calls the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance government's communal agenda, as evidenced by the disruptions in Parliament. The commotion is going to take some getting used to for some of the 317 first-time Lok Sabha MPs, the highest number since 1980. More than half of that number — 165 to be precise — belong to the BJP, which won 282 seats out of the total 543, giving it the first single-party majority since the Congress in 1984.
Given the preponderance of debutants in the 16th Lok Sabha and the BJP, we shift the spotlight away from the PM, an evidently economic reforms-fixated Cabinet and the communal claptrap (not always at the fringe), and put it on 10 firsttime MPs from the party to understand how they have spent their 200 days, what they have planned for their constituency, and their performance in Parliament.
Among these are a few who have a stellar attendance record in Parliament, like Anju Bala from Uttar Pradesh; some like former journalist Prathap Simha, from Mysuru, who have learnt the need to rise above partisan politics; and young MPs like Poonam Mahajan, from Mumbai, who want to look beyond their constituencies. Read on:

Jolt to WTO infotech dealJolt to WTO infotech deal
US $1.1 trillion spending bill clears hurdle...You are here: Home > Collections
US Senate passes spending bill, ends government shutdown threat
Reuters Dec 14, 2014, 09.20AM IST
(US Senate voted to advance…)
WASHINGTON: The US Senate on Saturday passed a $1.1 trillion spending bill that lifts the threat of a government shutdown as Congress attempts to wrap up a two-year legislative session marked by bitter partisanship and few major accomplishments.
The Senate's 56-40 vote sends the measure to President Barack Obama, who is expected to sign it into law before an extension of federal spending authority expires at midnight on Wednesday.
Passage of the 1,603-page bill was a long, tough struggle in the Senate and the House of Representatives marked by weeks of closed-door haggling over controversial policy changes and bitter disputes over financial regulations and Obama's immigration order.
The legislation largely eliminates government shutdown worries for financial markets through next fall by funding most government agencies through September 2015.
The Department of Homeland Security will be treated differently, getting a funding extension only through Feb. 27, by which time Republicans will control both chambers of Congress.
Republicans insisted on the shorter leash for the department so that they can try to deny the agency any funds for implementing Obama's recent order easing deportations for millions of undocumented immigrants.
The Senate vote, taken during a rare Saturday session triggered by conservative senators who refused to waive some procedural hurdles, closed the latest chapter in a four-year-long battle between Democrats and Republicans over US fiscal policy during an era of large budget deficits.
These battles are expected to resume next year but with a twist: Republicans, having won the Nov. 4 congressional elections, take control of the Senate from Democrats with a 54-46 majority and will enjoy a larger majority in the House.
Nonetheless, Republicans will still need cooperation from Democrats in the Senate, where 60 out of 100 votes are needed to advance most major bills.
The House also struggled with the bill, narrowly passing it after Democrats feuded over provisions to weaken derivatives regulations in the Dodd-Frank financial reform law and to allow more big-money campaign donations to national political parties.
But those splits were overtaken by Republican divisions in the Senate that twisted the chamber into knots for the past two days.
TEXAN STRIKES AGAIN
Republican Senator Ted Cruz, a Tea Party darling and fierce opponent of Obama's immigration executive order, insisted on an up-or-down vote on denying funding for that order.
Cruz, a potential 2016 presidential candidate, was the ringleader in the October 2013 government shutdown that lasted 16 days as he insisted on gutting Obama's healthcare law.
As in 2013, this latest budget fight ended with Cruz failing to score a victory and Democrats bashing Republicans for again raising the specter of a government shutdown.
A revolt by House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, a longtime Obama ally, and freshman Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren over a provision to ease Wall Street banking regulations fed tensions on Capitol Hill all week.
The House vote was delayed for seven hours on Thursday after Democrats balked at provisions to roll back part of the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, an early legislative achievement of the Obama administration that was passed in response to the 2008 financial crisis and aimed to rein in risk-taking by Wall Street. Democrats also objected to the provision allowing bigger political donations.
The banking provision would kill planned restrictions on derivatives trading by large banks, allowing them to continue trading swaps and futures in units that benefit from federal deposit insurance and Federal Reserve loans.
Banks argue the provision is ineffective.
The spending bill provides for a slight increase in Pentagon war funding, which would total $64 billion for this fiscal year. Some of the money is for combating Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
Other high-priority items include nearly $5.5 billion to help contain the Ebola virus, including Defense Department efforts in West Africa.
Internal Revenue Service spending would be cut and Republicans also inserted initiatives ranging from prohibiting funding for the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate lead content in ammunition and fishing tackle, to stopping the transfer or release of Guantanamo detainees into the United States.
Republicans have pledged to use spending bills and other legislation next year to attack a range of government regulations, which they argue hurt the US economy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Escaped SIMI members major security threat  CCTV shows them fleeing after Bijnor blastDec 14, 2014 at  12:04pm IST
Escaped SIMI members major security threat, CCTV shows them fleeing after Bijnor blast
34
0
New Delhi/Mumbai: As the five operatives of Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) who escaped from a jail in Madhya Pradesh's Khandwa in October 2013 emerge as the biggest internal security threat to India, CNN-IBN has accessed CCTV footage which shows the five fugitives after an explosion in Bijnor in September 2014.
The video shows the five operatives - Aizazuddin, Amjad, Aslam Ayub, Zakir Hussain and Mehboob alias Guddu- escaping after the blast. They were all spotted in the video seeking medical attention after getting injured in an accidental blast while making bombs.
According to sources, the Bijnor attack was planned somewhere in the National Capital Region.
#simi #terror threat #pune blasts #jail break
The operatives are also suspected to have carried out a blast in Pune in July 2014. According to anti-terror agencies, these five fugitives could be chalking out plans for another terror attack.
Mumbai Police has sounded an alert to all 93 police stations in the metro following an Intelligence Bureau input about a possible terror strike in the city.
With almost all the known names of the homegrown terror groups already behind bars, these SIMI cadres have emerged as one of the biggest internal security threats to the country.
What makes it all the more dangerous is that despite the top agencies chasing them for more than an year now, the fugitives continue to remain at large. Sources say the SIMI activists unlike Indian Mujahideen do not leave any trail behind, thus making the job even more tougher for top security agencies.
Since their jailbreak in October 2013, the five SIMI operatives have traveled to Rajasthan, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, say sources.
5

Rail passenger fares likely to go up early n...You are here: Home > Collections
Rail passenger fares likely to go up early next year
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 09.25AM IST
Tags:
Insurability
(According to Railways'…)
NEW DELHI: The next Rail Budget to be presented early next year could contain a proposal for raising fares to pass on the burden of rising power cost to passengers.
The fuel adjustment component-linked tariff revision due in December will be effected in the Rail Budget in February and there is a need for upward revision as energy cost has gone up by over 4 per cent in the recent months, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
According to Railways' announced policy, fare and freight revision linked to fuel and energy cost are being done twice a year. The last revision was done in June wherein passenger fares were revised by 4.2 per cent and freight rates by 1.4 per cent.
Hinting at a possible fare hike, new Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu had said at a recent event that "some burden has to be shared by people."
Asked about the possibility of raising train fares to meet the growing expenses in Railways , Prabhu, known for his pro-reform approach, did not rule out the possibility saying "passenger service should be improved before increasing the fares. Safety cannot be compromised. There is a need for big investment. Some burden has to be shared by people."
Expressing serious concern over the Railways' financial health, Prabhu had said it is "too close for comfort" and highlighted the urgent need for massive investment to meet the safety requirement and upgrading in the rail infrastructure.
"Railways requires big investment. There is no fund for investment. There is requirement of Rs 6 lakh crore to Rs 8 lakh crore for completion of announced projects," he had said.
The minister, who is also meeting MPs in batches to make himself aware of their demands and aspirations before the Rail Budget, said to meet these demands, the requirement is about Rs 20,000 crore.
Prabhu, after assuming charge, is learnt to have taken a series of steps to bring the national transporter reeling under massive fund crunch back on the track.
While the cross-subsidisation in passenger sector is hovering around Rs 26,000 crore, there is a fall in passenger bookings too. Passenger bookings have come down during April-November by 1.43 per cent as compared to the corresponding period last year.
The total number of passenger tickets booked during this period were 5581.33 million compared to 5662.54 million in the same period last year, according to Railway Ministry data.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China to punish tourists in Thai air ragescandalPrint
FILE - In this June 17, 2008, file photo, a group of Chinese tourists prepare to check-in on a United Airlines flight to Washington, at Beijing Capital International Airport. Chinese tourists, already among the fastest-growing and highest-spending groups of international visitors to the United States, are poised to make an even bigger impact, thanks to a rule change that would allow visitors to get visas valid for 10 years. (AP Photo/Greg Baker, File)
By: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: December 14, 2014 10:09 am
Chinese authorities have vowed to severely punish four Chinese travelers involved in a hot-water air rage assault against a Thai flight attendant following public outrage over their behavior.
China National Tourism Administration said Saturday the incident not only disrupted the flight by forcing it to return to Bangkok but also damaged the overall image of the Chinese people. It comes at a time when the Chinese are traveling more but also becoming notorious for rough behavior.
A Chinese passenger berated a crew member of the budget airline Thai AirAsia before pouring hot water on her on a Thursday charter flight to Nanjing. The flight returned to Bangkok and the pilot asked the passenger and her entourage of three others to disembark. They were reportedly upset over sitting arrangements.

Uber rape aftermath: Taxi drivers to undergo gender sensitisationprogrammeBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 10:08 am
In the aftermath of the Uber rape case, all taxi drivers in the national capital will have to go through gender sensitisation programme to get fitness certificate for their vehicles.
The state government is taking the step to sensitise the drivers about ensuring safety of women passengers. A senior official of transport department said that after attending the special classes, taxi drivers will be issued a certificate and then, they will have to show it at the time of getting the fitness certificate.
“From December 22, they will first have to produce certificate of attending gender sensitisation classes and then, they will be issued fitness certificate for their taxis,” a senior official of transport department said.
According to the transport department, the two-hour programme will be organised for drivers of every type of taxis, including radio taxi, economy taxi and all India permit taxis.
The government is going to make it mandatory for all the taxi drivers to undergo gender sensitisation programmes to get fitness certificate for their vehicles from December 22.
“Our main aim is to sensitise all the taxi drivers about ensuring safety of women travelling in their vehicles. We have made it mandatory for every driver to attend sensitisation programme, which will last for two hours,” the official said.
The department has involved some NGOs for such special classes. The classes will be organised at Institute of Driving and Training Research (Loni Road), at Sarai Kale Khan and Driving Training Institute (Burari).
Cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, employed with the US-based cab service, allegedly raped the 27-year-old finance company executive in the company’s car.

Wish I had spent more time with my father: AmitabhBachchanBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 10:01 am
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan regrets having not spending enough time with father, poet Harivansh Rai Bachchan, who kept very busy with his work.
The 72-year-old actor says while growing up he had very little interaction with his father but with time their relationship grew stronger.
“I regret not spending enough time with my father… My father was very busy. He had a government job and besides that he used to do other things and would come home very late. Our relationship was very serious. I was scared of him but eventually things changed,” he said.
The ‘Paa’ star said that he has always tried to maintain a very friendly relationship with his son, actor Abhishek.
“The day I got married I thought that if I ever have a son I would be a friend to him. And I have always maintained that. Now we are like buddies and also share clothes,” said Bachchan at the Agenda Aaj Tak event here today.
During the session Bachchan recited lines from his father’s noted poems including ‘Madhushala’.
The actor said that even though his father wrote extensively on alcohol and alcoholics, he never drank.
“People often wondered how he would write so much about alcohol. My father never touched alcohol in his life. The poems he wrote were very revolutionary at that time. He wrote some 200 odd poems,” he said.
Bachchan is currently shooting ‘Wazir’ and ‘Shamitabh’. He has recently wrapped up Shoojit Sircar’s ‘ Piku’.

Railway fares likely to go up early next yearDec 14, 2014 at 09:10am IST
Railway fares likely to go up early next year
204
0
New Delhi: The next Rail Budget to be presented early next year could contain a proposal for raising fares to pass on the burden of rising power cost to passengers.
The fuel adjustment component-linked tariff revision due in December will be effected in the Rail Budget in February and there is a need for upward revision as energy cost has gone up by over 4 per cent in the recent months, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
According to Railways' announced policy, fare and freight revision linked to fuel and energy cost are being done twice a year. The last revision was done in June wherein passenger fares were revised by 4.2 per cent and freight rates by 1.4 per cent.
Hinting at a possible fare hike, new Railway Minister had said at a recent event that "some burden has to be shared by people."  ( Indian train , via Shutterstock)
#rail budget #railways #india #suresh prabhu
Hinting at a possible fare hike, new Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu had said at a recent event that "some burden has to be shared by people."
Asked about the possibility of raising train fares to meet the growing expenses in Railways, Prabhu, known for his pro-reform approach, did not rule out the possibility saying "passenger service should be improved before increasing the fares. Safety cannot be compromised. There is a need for big investment. Some burden has to be shared by people."
Expressing serious concern over the Railways' financial health, Prabhu had said it is "too close for comfort" and highlighted the urgent need for massive investment to meet the safety requirement and upgrading in the rail infrastructure.
"Railways requires big investment. There is no fund for investment. There is requirement of Rs 6 lakh crore to Rs 8 lakh crore for completion of announced projects," he had said.
The minister, who is also meeting MPs in batches to make himself aware of their demands and aspirations before the Rail Budget, said to meet these demands, the requirement is about Rs 20,000 crore.
Prabhu, after assuming charge, is learnt to have taken a series of steps to bring the national transporter reeling under massive fund crunch back on the track.
While the cross-subsidisation in passenger sector is hovering around Rs 26,000 crore, there is a fall in passenger bookings too. Passenger bookings have come down during April-November by 1.43 per cent as compared to the corresponding period last year.
The total number of passenger tickets booked during this period were 5581.33 million compared to 5662.54 million in the same period last year, according to Railway Ministry data.
34

Investments in Uber s Indian rivals uncertain after taxi application banDec 14, 2014 at 09:04am IST
Investments in Uber's Indian rivals uncertain after taxi application ban
23
0
Mumbai: A ban on online taxi services in India, following the arrest in New Delhi of an Uber driver accused of rape, has brought uncertainty to the millions of dollars of international investment pumped into Uber's Indian rivals Ola and TaxiForSure.
Ola raised $210 million in October from a group led by Japan's SoftBank Corp. TaxiForSure attracted $30 million in August from backers including US private equity firm Accel Partners, known for investing early in Facebook Inc.
But concern about passenger safety prompted the government to halt taxi services from companies not registered as taxi providers. It also ordered a review of safety measures which could lead to in-car cameras and GPS tracking being made compulsory.
A ban on online taxi services has brought uncertainty to the millions of dollars of international investment pumped into Uber's Indian rivals Ola and TaxiForSure.
#uber #ola #taxiforsure #delhi rape
Uber, Ola and TaxiForSure can continue offering services in the states where they are registered. But in other states where they operate, they will not be able to register until they meet as yet undetermined safety standards in a country notorious for slow governance.
"It's a real concern. I don't think banning is a great idea to resolve a law and order issue," said the managing director of a US private equity fund that has invested in Ola. The person declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the issue.
Unregistered taxi services have been banned in New Delhi and Hyderabad. Similar decisions are likely in Mumbai, Bengaluru formerly called Bangalore and other cities, local media reported.
Ola and TaxiForSure said they are working with states to address registration and safety. Ola has started installing GPS devices in cars on its platform, while TaxiForSure is working with taxi firms to follow processes suggested by authorities.
Uber said it will review its India operations and intensify driver screening.
E-Commerce
Ola and TaxiForSure, like Uber, charge a fee for connecting passengers with drivers contracted to local taxi firms. The services add to a burgeoning e-commerce market into which SoftBank plans to invest $10 billion.
"It's not so much that we were interested in the taxi business as that we're interested in Internet services. Their growth is remarkable," said an official at SoftBank, who declined to be identified because of sensitivity over the issue.
"Although there has been this incident, GrabTaxi is well-managed. So is Ola," said the official, referring to Ola's Southeast Asian peer in which SoftBank has also invested.
TaxiForSure's investors include US private equity firm Bessemer Venture Partners and Indian peers Helion Venture Partners and Blume Ventures.
Accel, Bessemer and Helion did not respond to requests for comment.
High valuations
Investors built high expectations into the prospects of online taxi services in India, bankers said, on the view they would fill the gap left by a public transport system that has failed to cope with a surge in population.
But those investments are at risk if operators are unable to resolve concerns of authorities and customers after the rape accusation, they said.
"Investors will have to take a haircut. The valuations of these taxi companies will come down as they spend more to boost safety and meet the regulatory requirements," said Rishi Sahai, director at consultancy Cogence Advisors.
Some investors said they are working with taxi app operators to improve practices, hoping the ban is temporary.
"We do need a safety programme ... policy and regulation in place," said Sanjay Nath, managing director of TaxiForSure investor Blume. "If you take care of the most important safety issue, it (the service) will come back again."
In the meantime, online taxi booking companies in India are likely to struggle raising funds, said Cogence Advisors' Sahai.
"All the new investors, who were looking to get into these companies before valuations go through the roof, will probably wait on the sidelines for some time to come."
2

Redevelopment of Jama Masjid: HC seeks PWDresponseBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 10:22 am
The Delhi High Court has sought the PWD’s response on a plea for time-bound implementation of the Jama Masjid redevelopment plan after the North MCD said the project is no longer with it.
The North Delhi Municipal Corporation (NDMC) submitted before a bench of justices Badar Durrez Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul that according to a meeting of all the stakeholders held on November 10, the redevelopment project has been handed over to the Public Works Department. “So we will add PWD as a party. Let it file a status report before the next date of hearing. List on February 25,” the bench said.
The court was hearing a plea of various associations representing shop owners and vendors of the area who had been allegedly displaced to implement the redevelopment plan.
The petitioners alleged inaction on the part of the authorities in putting into effect the redevelopment plan despite having obtained all legal permissions from all the agencies concerned as well as sanction of Rs 168 crore as a tentative cost of the project.
On November 5, the court had directed NDMC to submit an affidavit within two weeks on steps taken for redevelopment of Jama Masjid area here after the civic body said it has floated the tender in this regard.

`Make in India  can t be a policy  only an o...`Make in India' can't be a policy, only an outcome
By Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar,  | 14 Dec, 2014, 10.38AM IST
0
Share More
The Doing Business report of the World Bank and IFC for 2015 places India at just 142nd of 189 countries surveyed in ease of doing business.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
Narendra Modi has come to power by promising rapid economic growth that delivers millions of jobs. To achieve this, Modi has devised a `Make in India' policy .
Launched with a blaze of publicity , it seeks to make India a manufacturing giant and attract global investors.
It aims to raise the share of manufacturing in GDP from the current 13-14% to 25%. Modi is envious of the rise of China as a manufacturing giant. India has lagged far behind for decades, and he naturally wants India to catch up.
Problem: for all the hoopla and cheering at various Modi meetings and summits, the growth of manufacturing in the July-September quarter was 0.1%. The growth of fixed investment, the foundation of future production, was virtually zero. Alas, people are not "making in India", and are not investing to make in the future either. Probably things will improve a bit in the next quarter: early trends suggest that manufacturing growth may go up to 2.5%. But remember that during the much-derided Nehruvian licence-permit raj, manufacturing used to grow at 4-5% per year! One industrialist who does not want to be quoted asks, "Why will foreigners come to invest here when Indians are not investing?" During his foreign visits, Modi urged global giants to Make in India. They replied politely that they will surely consider this, but such politeness must not be confused with serious intent. A US businessman said during Modi's US visit, "There's lots of sizzle, but where's the steak?" He's still waiting.
Modi must accept an elementary fact: `Make in India' can only be an outcome, not a policy . If he creates conditions in which all sorts of investment will thrive, the outcome will be a rush to produce in India, by both Indians and foreigners. If the conditions are not conducive, no amount of sloganeering will create a Make in India rush. In such conditions, attempts to force the share of manufacturing up to 25% will fail, exactly as Nehru-Indira policies failed in the licence-permit raj. So will additional tax breaks or subsidies for Special Economic Zones.
The government has produced a list of items currently imported, and wants to make them in India. This importsubstitution approach is reminiscent of Nehruvian days.
Modi is implementing the Congress idea of forcing public sector units to procure 20% of their supplies from MSMEs ( micro , small and medium enterprises ). This is a partial return of the old, failed reservation for small-scale industries. Quotas, reservations and subsidies do not square with Modi's promise of "minimum government, maximum governance".
The Doing Business report of the World Bank and IFC for 2015 places India at just 142nd of 189 countries surveyed in ease of doing business. India used to be 116th of 155 countries a decade earlier.
Has Modi's coming made a difference? Well, say businessmen, corruption is down a bit and file clearances are faster, but the big picture hasn't changed much. Land acquisition remains moribund, state-level clearances are slow even if central clearances are given, labour laws remain unchanged, infrastructure remains a big bottleneck, the electricity sector is bust, banks are reeling under bad debts, and the public-private partnership model is broken. We have seen modest increases in FDI limits in insurance and defence, and minor reductions in ministerial discretion and inspectors' powers. These barely touch the fringes of the rules and procedures strangling business.
The Doing Business report ranks India 184th in ease of getting a construction permit, 134th in getting electricity connections, 121st in registering property , 156th in paying taxes, 122nd in ease of foreign trade, 137th in resolving insolvency , and 186th in enforcing contracts. This is pathetic.Modi has shown little or no action on these fronts. Many of these issues fall within the states' jurisdiction, and Modi has neither the means nor inclination to impose tough reforms on the states.
Modi in his election campaign said the government should not be in business. But he has no plans to privatize anything, not even white elephants like Air India. At the ET Now conclave, energy minister Piyush Goyal said he was proud of Coal India , a company whose productivity is one-tenth that of the best Australian and American mines.If you cannot see the problem, can you solve it?
Make in India is being confused with Make in Coal India, Make in Air India, Make in MSMEs, Make in SEZs and so on. Even as the BJP castigates Nehru, it is adopting what look like neo-Nehruvian ideas. Instead, Modi should focus on making business as easy and honest as possible, avoiding artificial props, curbing inflation and fiscal deficits, ensuring a realistic exchange rate, and letting the market decide which sectors should flourish. Investors from everywhere will then rush in to Make in India.

Eros international media ltd (eros international)  the leading indian ...Gold Member
36 Followers
Eros International Media Ltd (Eros International), the leading Indian film and entertainment company, announced today its collaboration on the two maiden productions of Salman Khan Films – Bajrangi Bhaijaan and Hero.
Kabir Khan teams up with Salman once again in the eagerly awaited Bajrangi Bhaijaan. The film has already created huge anticipation since it started shooting earlier this month and is set for an Eid release in July 2015. Bajrangi Bhaijaan is produced by Salman Khan and Rockline Venkatesh Films.
Nikhil Advani’s Hero, which is a modern day remake of Subhash Ghai’s classic of the same name, will see the launch of two new stars and is set to engage youth audiences when it releases in summer 2015.
Jyoti Deshpande, Group CEO Eros International said “We are delighted and excited to partner with Salman Khan for his first home productions and showcase this brilliant line-up to a global audience with our worldwide marketing, digital and distribution network. The combination of Salman, Kabir Khan, Eid and Bajrangi Bhaijaan, not only promises fans and audiences larger than life entertainment, but we also look to it setting new box office records as Salman did this year. We are equally excited to launch bright new talent with Hero and are positive the audiences will embrace Nikhil’s interpretation of the classic musical romantic hit”.
Amar Butala COO Salman Khan Films said: “These are exciting times at Salman Khan Films as we launch our first two home productions. Salman and Director Kabir Khan come together again for the much awaited ‘Bajrangi Bhaijaan’ which releases in Eid 2015 and also stars Kareena Kapoor and Nawazuddin Siddiqui. Our second production ‘Hero’ is a co-production with Mukta Arts, and is a modern day adaptation of Subhash Ghai’s classic of the same name being directed by Nikhil Advani. The company is also launching two new stars Sooraj Pancholi and Athiya Shetty in this film.
11.01 AM Dec 14th 2014  | Track

What are the strong points of this scrip old boarders please enlighte...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

A must read story... sun pharma (its pear group) who might have invest...162 Followers
Reposted about 23 days 8 min 32 sec ago by joekittan
A MUST READ STORY... Ajanta pharma  (its pear group) who might have invested in that in  2003-2004  If one had purchased 100000 shares of that company at Rs 7 i.e. seven lakh rupees. His today`s portfolio could have been 78.87 crore and He might have recieved dividend of Rs57 lakh. So stock market can do what you and me can not even imagine. And if you compare balance sheet of doctor datson and ajantha pharma There is not much difference. SO invest in this company and sleep.
9.45 PM Dec 10th 2014   |         |   Rated by

Dear chandra - nothing personal  let mmb decide if your messages were ...Gold Member
153 Followers
They won`t. All messages marked offensive during weekends and night hours are deleted automatically with no appeal/review.- I can`t prove it, but that`s what usually happens.
In reply to : Petal message
2.46 PM Dec 14th 2014

HK sets stage for protest clearanceHong Kong sets stage for protest clearance
Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7724511c-7f55-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK economy resilient in face of protestsHong Kong economy resilient in face of protests
Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d86105de-7acc-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Get a taste of breads of the worldBy Khristina Patra | Yahoo Lifestyle –  Mon 8 Dec, 2014 5:34 PM IST
Recommend
Tweet
0
If you give it a thought, you will realise that most cultures, most regions of the world have but one thing in common. They all, albeit in various forms, make and eat bread. From the Indian flat bread, or roti, to the Lebanese pita, and the English sourdough, different parts of the world enjoy the wonderful flavour of wheat, kneaded into a dough and baked/toasted.
The history of bread goes back at least 30,000 years, when the first bread produced was probably cooked versions of a grain-paste, made from roasted and ground cereal grains and water. It may have been developed by accidental cooking or deliberate experimentation with water and grain flour.
But no matter what the humble beginnings of bread around the world have been, modern breads are indeed a marvel to look at and tantalising to the taste buds. Recently, we visited The Trident Patisserie and Delicatessen for a taste of different breads of the world. Chef Anurag Barthwal, bakery & pastry chef, took up the challenge to showcase different classical breads from several countries in a special Bread festival held at the Trident.
If you want a taste of the best of these breads, head over to The Trident in Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai.
Dutch Crack
Dutch crack bread or Tiger bread
Netherlands
The distinctive "cracks" on the surface of the bread have given it it's name. Some call it the Tiger bread as well because the resemblance to a tiger's coat. This bread also has a very special aroma, which is brought about by sesame oil used in the recipe. Also, the distinctive crunch of the "cracked" crust is brought about by rice paste that is smeared on the top of the bread, before it goes to bake. The Dutch crack is truly the one bread to try out.
Challah
Challah
Israel
This Jewish bread has a lot of religious significance because it is eaten only on the Sabbath and holidays. The traditional "braids" and woven together in such a way so that it represents the 12 tribes of Israel. The braids can also be formed in strands of 3, 5, and 7 as well.
Bagel
Poland
Did you know that this much-loved, now commercially made bread was invented as a humble bread for the lent season? The bagel, with it's signature hole in the middle, is distinctive because of the way it is prepared. The dough is first cooked in boiling water, and then put into a hot oven to brown.
Panatonne
Panetonne
Italy
If you look at a Panetonne bread, typically from Milan in Italy, you will notice how it looks like an oversized muffin. Cut through this sweet bread and you will often raisins, dry fruits and citrus zests (usually orange). It is a perfect bread for holidays such as Christmas.
Baguette
France
The word baguette simply means 'baton', and when you look at it you will know why. This long, thin bread is crusty on the outside and soft on the inside, and has become a global phenomenon, especially if you love to eat Garlic Bread. Yes, the bread used is a baguette.
Ciabatta
Italy
The Italians had a thing or two to prove against the French and their baguettes. One Italian baker, after months of trying and testing different recipes, came up with the ciabatta recipe, a high gluten bread, that would be perfect to eat as a sandwich.
Epi bread
Epi
France
The Epi bread or Pain d'Epi in French is similar to the French baguette but differs in the shape. The Epi bread is made is such a way that it is much easier to break off a piece. This was perfect for French picnics and continues to be popular for its easy tear qualities.
Fougasse bread
Fougasse
France
Originally from Provence, this bread is now one of the staples in Italy, Hungary, Spain, Portugal and Catalonia. It is a flatbreak known by a distinctive stamped symbol of an ear of wheat. In many place, it is now used in sandwiches or calzones.
The staple ingredients may the same. It is after all just flour, water, sometimes milk, sometimes butter, and maybe some salt, sugar and yeast. But the amazing part is how special each of them and the history behind them, are. It's time you got a little taste of The Breads Of The World.
Recommend

As IPO market picks up  small FMCG firms go for the valuation killAs IPO market picks up, small FMCG firms go for the valuation kill
Viveat Susan Pinto & Reghu Balakrishnan | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 10:49 PM IST
Indore-based Prataap Snacks is a little-known food company but its sales are close to Rs 700 crore a year, thanks to its Yellow Diamond range of chips and snacks. The buzz is, this Sequoia Capital-backed company might consider going for an initial public offering (IPO) in about three years, to give its private equity partners, which have invested Rs 180 crore for an undisclosed stake since May 2011, an exit.
If the current price-to-earnings (PE) ratio of consumer product companies is anything to go by, the valuation could be steep. Consider this: Apparel maker Monte Carlo, which launched its IPO last week in the price band of Rs 630 to Rs 645 a unit, valued its Rs 350-crore issue at 25 times its PE. Manpasand Beverages, the maker of the Mango Sip brand of juices that just filed its draft red-herring prospectus with the Securities & Exchange Board of India (Sebi), is expected to command a similar valuation for its Rs 400-crore issue, likely in the middle of next year.
Ditto for Rajkot-based Balaji Wafers, which, after its failure to raise money through the private equity route, is now considering an IPO. Balaji’s rumoured talks of stake sale to PepsiCo and Kelloggs did not go through, given the steep valuation demanded by the Viranis, the promoter family. But the company appears firm on its enterprise valuation.
In a conversation with Business Standard a few months ago, Balaji Wafers Director Keyur Virani had pegged the value of his firm at over three times its 2013-14 sales of Rs 1,200 crore. He had said he was looking to raise Rs 400 crore from the capital market to fund his expansion plans.
These examples suggest small and mid-sized consumer product companies are going for the kill when it comes to IPO valuations. The prospect of a good response even at a steep price, the continued interest of investors in India’s consumption story, and future earnings of the company concerned are prompting promoters to be aggressive in valuations.
Ritesh Chandra, head of the consumer group at investment bank Avendus Capital, says: “The potential of these Tier-II and -III companies to grow as national players is high. Besides, these tightly controlled businesses of promoter-driven companies have better profit margins than national players. It is these advantages of high profitability and high return on capital that is pushing these companies to demand high valuations.”
The prospect of having to dilute less at a high price is also what appears to push these firms to consider steep valuations. Navroz Mahudawala, founder & managing director of Candle Partners, a Mumbai-based investment advisory firm, says: “Many of these companies are great concept buys, which typically attract institutional investors. The prospect of raising a decent amount without having to dilute much could also be one of the reasons for the steep valuations of their IPOs.”
Besides, as Harish HV, partner at Grant Thornton, an investment advisory and deal tracking firm, says: “The endeavour to make a significant gain on listing is also what could be pushing firms to price an IPO at the maximum level possible.”
Year-to-date PE activity in the consumer & retail segment touched Rs 5,676 crore for 2014, nearly 57 per cent more than last year, according to Grant Thornton. Market experts say these PE investors will look for an exit five years from now, implying the pressure on valuations is not likely to ease anytime soon.
“Most privately held FMCG companies located in Tier-II and -III cities have grown their businesses through internal accruals. When such companies look for private equity investment, it is more of discretionary choice than necessity. There is bound to be a valuation mismatch at the time of entry (of a private equity firm), as well as exit,” says Ankur Bisen, senior vice-president (retail & consumer products), Technopak.
Even steeper valuations, it seems, could be expected for small, privately held consumer goods companies in the coming months.

Bloomberg looks to rewrite the newsBloomberg looks to rewrite the news
Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/93765068-7feb-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hong Kong protests peter outHong Kong protests peter out
Amie Tsang and Julie Zhu in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c28fe946-80da-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bloomberg sees Businessweek as a modelBloomberg believes in Businessweek as a model
Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b7fe4a52-7ff1-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

List of items under preferential market access to be expandedList of items under preferential market access to be expanded
Surabhi Agarwal | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 10:48 PM IST
A new set of items is expected to be notified under the preferential market access (PMA) policy, which reserves a certain percentage of government procurement for domestically manufactured goods. This is in line with the central government’s ‘Make in India’ push. Currently, the list includes items like desktops, laptops, tablets, dot matrix printers and smart cards.
The department of electronics and information technology is also deliberating on ways to ensure the enforcement of the policy is done much more strongly. Since the government at the Centre is on a drive to make Aadhaar-based authentication the core of most government schemes, it is being contemplated that biometric authentication devices will be included under PMA. One of the first initiatives of the government — after it came to power earlier this year — was to initiate biometric-based attendance system for all central government employees. This required Aadhaar-based biometric devices to be installed in all government ministries.
According to a senior government official, new set of items will be added to the existing list of 16 products under the compulsory registration order. These will require a quality certification from the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) and include items like mobile phone batteries, LED lights, etc. “A revised policy of modified special incentives package scheme (M-SIPS) is likely to be finalised in the next two months,” the official added. The policy, which provides an extension to the existing sops, is aimed to be more investor-friendly and also extends its ambit to include white goods as well.
The government provides a subsidy of 20-25 per cent on capital expenditure for manufacturers of electronics under 26 categories. This did not earlier include what are termed ‘white goods’, such as washing machines and refrigerators.
A national centre of excellence on large area flexible electronics is also coming up at the Indian Institute of Technology — Kanpur and the government is in the process of finalising a policy on ‘internet of things’ (IoT). The aim of the policy is to create an IoT industry, worth $15 billion, in India by 2020. It has been assumed India would have a share of 5-6% of global IoT industry.
All these measures are aimed at creating a favourable ecosystem for electronics manufacturing in the country, as India currently imports a large portion of its electronic needs, widening the current account deficit.
The government also approved the policy for an electronic development fund to invest in electronics and information technology entrepreneurial ventures.
The fund, like a ‘fund of funds’, will invest in companies operating in four areas — electronic system & design, manufacturing, nano-electronics, and information technology. The professionally managed fund will provide risk capital to companies developing technologies in these areas.
The corpus of this open-ended fund will be managed by Sidbi or a similar financial institution, and the government’s investment will be decided on a case-to-case basis, determined by market dynamics.
It is expected to act as a catalyst for attracting foreign funds in these companies, as government investment in these ventures will give assurances to foreign companies.
ROAD MAP OF THE DEPT
A new set of items will be added to the existing list of 16 products under the compulsory registration order
 
These will require a quality certification from the Bureau of Indian Standards and include items like mobile phone batteries and LED lights, among others
 
A national centre of excellence on flexible electronics is also coming up at the Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur and the government is in the process of finalising a policy on ‘internet of things’

The Economist seeks to broaden horizonsThe Economist looks to China and India for new readers
Henry Mance and Robert Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea4f2f50-8166-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK protesters seek solace after defeatHong Kong protesters seek solace after defeat
David Pilling in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28dbdd08-81ea-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

International Energy AgencyBrent gives up gains, heads toward $62 in volatile trade
Dec 15, 2014 at 12:12 | Source: Reuters
Brent for January delivery LCOc1 was at USD 62.05 a barrel at 0425 GMT (11:25 p.m. EST), up 20 cents from its Friday's settlement but 90 cents below the intra-day high of USD 62.95 a barrel.
Dec 11, 2014 at 10:17 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
According to Angel Commodities, Crude pries are expected to trade weaker in tandem with falling international markets.
Lloyds Metals appoints RSM Astute Consulting as internal auditors
Dec 02, 2014 at 12:33 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lloyds Metals and Energy Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has appointed M/s. RSM Astute Consulting Private Limited as Internal Auditors of the Company w.e.f. December 01, 2014.
OPEC will not cut oil production: Saudi minister
Nov 27, 2014 at 21:29 | Source: CNBC
Brent crude oil fell more than $3 to under $75 a barrel - a fresh four-year low - on news. Global oil prices have plunged since peaking in June, and Brent crude has lost around a third of its price from $115 a barrel.
Indian Overseas Bank: Updates on revision of rating by Moody's Investors Service
Nov 27, 2014 at 11:28 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian Overseas Bank has informed BSE that the International Credit Rating Agency, M/s. Moody's Investors Service, has revised its rating on the Bank, vide its communication dated November 26, 2014.
Moody's pegs rating revision to speedy reforms
Nov 26, 2014 at 19:17 | Source: PTI
All the three big international rating agencies such as S&P, Moody's and Fitch have BBB ratings on the country's sovereign with a stable outlook. The current rating is closest to junk status or below investment grade.
Nov 24, 2014 at 14:05 | Source: CNBC
Several Asian economies will be on GDP-watch this week, including India, the Philippines, Taiwan and Singapore.
Ranbaxy sues FDA for revoking approvals for Nexium, Valcyte
Nov 18, 2014 at 14:55 | Source: Reuters
In the suit filed in the District Court for the District of Columbia, Ranbaxy said the FDA's move violated constitutional rights, exceeded the agency's statutory authority, and was "arbitrary, capricious, and otherwise contrary to law."
IEA sees new era, no quick rebound in oil prices
Nov 14, 2014 at 16:12 | Source: Reuters
The International Energy Agency, which typically refrains from predicting oil prices, said in its monthly report that prices could fall further in 2015 after declining to their lowest levels since 2010 below USD 80 per barrel.
Brent falls to around $80; OPEC sees lower demand in 2015
Nov 13, 2014 at 12:47 | Source: Reuters
Global demand for oil from OPEC will drop to 29.20 million barrels per day (bpd) next year, almost 1 million bpd less than it currently produces, the cartel said in its monthly report.
Brent gives up gains, heads toward $62 in volatile trade
Dec 15, 2014 at 12:12 | Source: Reuters
Brent for January delivery LCOc1 was at USD 62.05 a barrel at 0425 GMT (11:25 p.m. EST), up 20 cents from its Friday's settlement but 90 cents below the intra-day high of USD 62.95 a barrel.
USD strength, deflation take charm off low oil prices: IEA
Dec 13, 2014 at 17:01 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Normally, low oil prices are a boon to the economy and it may lead to tax cut for consumers, etc. But there are a few upsetting factors this time around, said Antonie Hallf, head-oil industry at IEA.
Dec 11, 2014 at 10:17 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
According to Angel Commodities, Crude pries are expected to trade weaker in tandem with falling international markets.
Lloyds Metals appoints RSM Astute Consulting as internal auditors
Dec 02, 2014 at 12:33 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lloyds Metals and Energy Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has appointed M/s. RSM Astute Consulting Private Limited as Internal Auditors of the Company w.e.f. December 01, 2014.
OPEC will not cut oil production: Saudi minister
Nov 27, 2014 at 21:29 | Source: CNBC
Brent crude oil fell more than $3 to under $75 a barrel - a fresh four-year low - on news. Global oil prices have plunged since peaking in June, and Brent crude has lost around a third of its price from $115 a barrel.
Indian Overseas Bank: Updates on revision of rating by Moody's Investors Service
Nov 27, 2014 at 11:28 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian Overseas Bank has informed BSE that the International Credit Rating Agency, M/s. Moody's Investors Service, has revised its rating on the Bank, vide its communication dated November 26, 2014.
Moody's pegs rating revision to speedy reforms
Nov 26, 2014 at 19:17 | Source: PTI
All the three big international rating agencies such as S&P, Moody's and Fitch have BBB ratings on the country's sovereign with a stable outlook. The current rating is closest to junk status or below investment grade.
Nov 24, 2014 at 14:05 | Source: CNBC
Several Asian economies will be on GDP-watch this week, including India, the Philippines, Taiwan and Singapore.
Ranbaxy sues FDA for revoking approvals for Nexium, Valcyte
Nov 18, 2014 at 14:55 | Source: Reuters
In the suit filed in the District Court for the District of Columbia, Ranbaxy said the FDA's move violated constitutional rights, exceeded the agency's statutory authority, and was "arbitrary, capricious, and otherwise contrary to law."
IEA sees new era, no quick rebound in oil prices
Nov 14, 2014 at 16:12 | Source: Reuters
The International Energy Agency, which typically refrains from predicting oil prices, said in its monthly report that prices could fall further in 2015 after declining to their lowest levels since 2010 below USD 80 per barrel.
Videos »

NFL: Adrian Peterson s Appeal DeniedAdrian Peterson's Appeal Denied, Arbitrator Upholds NFL's Suspension
AP/The Huffington Post
Adrian Peterson won't likely be back in an NFL game any time soon. An arbitrator denied the Minnesota Vikings running back's appeal for immediate reinstatement from a league-issued suspension , the NFL announced on Friday.
NFL spokesperson Greg Aiello shared details of appeals officer Harold Henderson's decision:
HH: I conclude that the player has not demonstrated that the process and procedures surrounding his discipline were not fair and consistent;
— Greg Aiello (@gregaiello) December 12, 2014
HH: He was afforded all the protections and rights to which he is entitled, and I find no basis to vacate or reduce the discipline.
— Greg Aiello (@gregaiello) December 12, 2014
Peterson, the 2012 NFL MVP, was suspended for at least the remainder of the 2014 season by the NFL without pay on Nov. 18 for violating the league's Personal Conduct Policy. The suspension stemmed from a child injury case involving Peterson and his 4-year-old son. Peterson was indicted in September and eventually pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor charge of reckless assault for using a wooden switch to discipline the child.
Henderson's decision to uphold the NFL's suspension means that Peterson cannot apply for reinstatement until April 15, 2015.
The NFL Players Association issued a statement shortly after the decision was announced, taking issue with the ruling and choice of a former league executive as arbitrator in the case.
The NFLPA expected this outcome, given the hearing officer's relationship and financial ties to the NFL. The decision itself ignores the facts, the evidence and the collective bargaining agreement. This decision also represents the NFL's repeated failure to adhere to due process and confirms its inconsistent treatment of players. Our union is considering immediate legal remedies.
Peterson's next move could be to take his appeal to federal court, reported Ian Rapoport of NFL.com .
MORE FROM THE ASSOCIATED PRESS:
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — An arbiter appointed by the NFL ruled Friday that Minnesota Vikings star running back Adrian Peterson will remain suspended until at least next spring in the child-abuse case that has sidelined him for all but one game this season.
The decision by Harold Henderson, a former league official, upheld the NFL's decision last month to suspend Peterson without pay for the remainder of the season and not consider him for reinstatement before April 15.
Peterson was paid during his appeal, but Henderson's ruling means Peterson will forfeit checks from the team's last six games. That amounts to a fine of more than $4.1 million.
The NFL Players Association called Henderson's objectivity into question and said it was "considering immediate legal remedies" to the decision.
"The NFLPA expected this outcome, given the hearing officer's relationship and financial ties to the NFL," the union said in a statement. "The decision itself ignores the facts, the evidence and the collective bargaining agreement. This decision also represents the NFL's repeated failure to adhere to due process and confirms its inconsistent treatment of players."
The Vikings declined to comment. Peterson is a three-time, first-team Associated Press All-Pro and reached the Pro Bowl in six of his first seven NFL seasons, all with Minnesota. Peterson led the NFL in rushing twice, including 2012 when his 2,097 yards fell 9 short of breaking Eric Dickerson's all-time record, but he may never play again for the Vikings after this mess.
Peterson was charged with felony child abuse in September for using a wooden switch to discipline his 4-year-old son, but he pleaded no contest to misdemeanor reckless assault in November. He had been on paid leave, on a special exempt list at the discretion of NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, while his case moved through the court system.
At the crux of the NFLPA's argument for reinstatement was what NFL executive vice president for football operations Troy Vincent told Peterson last month when the dispute was at its height. According to a person with knowledge of the conversation, Vincent told Peterson he would receive a two-game ban if he attended a hearing on Nov. 14 with Goodell.
Peterson declined to meet that day with Goodell, citing uncertainty about the NFL's intent to question him. Goodell then announced on Nov. 18 that Peterson would be suspended for the six games that remained for the Vikings at the time and not be considered for reinstatement until April.
A recording and a transcript of what Vincent told Peterson was presented by the NFLPA to Henderson, who oversaw a hearing on Dec. 2. Peterson attended that and listened via telephone as the hearing continued on Dec. 4, when Vincent was questioned.
The union and league have been sniping at each other over the personal-conduct policy since former Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice's case eventually prompted Goodell to upgrade the penalty for a first offense of assault, battery or domestic violence to a six-game suspension. After first suspending Rice for two games, Goodell suspended Rice indefinitely amid a national furor over his initial leniency.
Rice's appeal, however, went to a neutral arbiter who ruled in his favor and reinstated him.
Peterson injured his son when the boy visited him in May at his home in the Houston area. Peterson acknowledged physically disciplining the boy as he had been as a youth, but said he meant no harm and was sorry for the trouble he caused. Peterson reached a no-contest plea agreement in Texas on Nov. 4, reducing the charge to misdemeanor reckless assault for probation time, community service and a small fine.
"I love my son more than any of you can imagine," he said outside the courthouse that day.
The Vikings (6-7) have three games remaining. They initially announced Peterson would stay on the active roster after the first game he missed following the indictment on Sept. 13, but they reversed course less than two days later following intense public pressure and placed him on the exempt list.
Peterson's current contract runs through 2017, but that's not guaranteed like the other major sports. The Vikings could release him before next season and owe him nothing and take only a $2.4 million hit on their 2015 salary cap, the remaining prorated portion of the signing bonus he received on Sept. 10, 2011.
More:

Mideasts vanishing religionsThe Middle East’s vanishing religious variety
Review by David Gardner
Gerard Russell’s ‘Heirs to Forgotten Kingdoms’ explores an Aladdin’s Cave of bygone faiths
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5be871a0-76f7-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pru wants to be 30 times bigger in AsiaPru wants to be ‘30 times bigger’ in Asia
Alistair Gray, Insurance Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/632dd22c-820d-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pru shares hit record high despite US declinePru shares hit record high despite US decline
Alistair Gray in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ecfa2fe-6efd-11e4-b060-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Insurers lead FTSE 100 higherInsurers lead FTSE 100 higher
Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bb85d614-6efc-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Salman  Aamir  Shah Rukh are anomalies: KapoorSelena Gomez uploads, then rushes to delete controversial skin-show Abu Dhabi mosque photo from Instagram
Arjun Kapoor who starred along with Alia Bhatt in ‘2 States’, says the current generation of actors in Bollywood is not interested in the number game.
Praising the three superstars of Bollywood — Salman, Shah Rukh and Aamir Khan, Arjun said they are case studies in themselves.
“The Khans are anomalies. They are case studies. They are surviving in the industry for past 27 years. They are doing better and better.
“What Shah Rukh has achieved in ‘Happy New Year’ in terms of physique… At this age, people are reinventing their body, acting. Salman has ‘repeaked’ at his peak. Aamir does one movie in three years and people decide that they will watch it. Such things happen once in 1000 years,” the young actor said.
The 29-year-old star feels ranking of actors is subjective so they should not be constantly compared to each other.
“We are not horses that we will always be in a race. We are not interested in becoming number one, two or three. These rankings are subjective. 10 people will like one actor, others will like some different actor.
“We are new. We are enjoying just being a part of this profession. We have got an opportunity to be in Bollywood, we are using that and working hard. We can only think about the number game after sustaining for 10-12 years. Media should not compare us,” Arjun said on the sidelines of Agenda Aaj Tak 2014.
The ‘Ishaqzaade’ star said audience has started accepting unconventional-looking actors, which has helped him gain a fan base.
“Times have changed. Unconventional-looking actors are accepted today, I am not conventional and have got accepted by people. Conventional has become boring. This is an exciting time today. We can express our attitude, personality and conviction without any hesitation. That is how the current generation is. This has affected Bollywood too,” Arjun said.
The actor added that nowadays real characters are written, which are not larger-than-life, unlike the old times when there was a certain image of a Bollywood hero.
According to Arjun, relatable characterisation is one of the reasons why actors don’t have the same stardom as veteran superstars today.
“People’s mindsets have changed. I am a very regular-looking guy so people feel I am one of them. People should be able to find a connection with the actors.
“We are not projected larger-than-life, we are regular people in extraordinary situations, which youth likes more. It does not like us flaunting stardom. They rather see relatable characters. Maybe this is why it will take us longer to reach status of stars of previous generation,” he said.
Post Comments
More from lifestyle

Book tickets online to visit Taj MahalBook tickets online to visit Taj Mahal
PTI
Tweet
Agra, Dec 13:  
This Christmas onwards you won’t have to stand in long queues to buy tickets to enter Taj Mahal as the Archaeological Survey of India is launching the online booking of entry tickets facility.
“All arrangements have been made and our systems are in place. The trial will begin December 25. It has taken us a long time to work on this project which will change the image of the ASI,” Superintending Archaeologist, Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), N K Pathak said.
The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) will be the service provider of the e-ticketing facility, in collaboration with the National Institute of Smart Governance, he said.
After one month trial of the e-ticketing facility at the Taj Mahal, the ASI would extend the similar facility to other monuments, managed by it.
ASI officials said the e-tickets will have security features including bar code, and bar code scanners would be installed at the entry gates.
The ASI is training its staffs for effective and efficient use of the facility, which is likely to put an end to the long queues at the ticket counters.
Tourists had to stand for long hours in queues to buy entry tickets.
Tourism circles in Agra have welcomed ASI’s initiative saying the facility would help check resale of entry tickets and fake tickets by unscrupulous elements.
It is said that the ensuing online facility would also help the ASI in managing the number of visitors.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

ONGC basks in 3 new oil and gas discoveriesONGC basks in 3 new oil and gas discoveries
Cricket: Australian media laud Lyon after thrilling Test winCricket: Australian media laud Lyon after thrilling Test win
Voting starts for general elections in JapanVoting starts for general elections in Japan
China economic growth may slow 7.1% in 2015: Central bankchina economic growth may slow 7.1% in 2015: central bank
Muslim conversion: Faith conversion should be sans fear or lure: RitambharaPakistani boat carrying explosives caught by Indian Coast Guard off Gujarat; 4 men refuse to surrender, 'blow themselves up'
Right-wing Hindu leader Sadhvi Ritambhara said on Saturday that religious conversion should not be based on fear or inducements, and claimed many non-Hindus in India were willing to come back to their “original” faith.
“Process of conversion should be natural and self-driven. Many people who left Hinduism are now willing to come back to their original religion. I feel that whoever is organising conversions should keep in mind that conversion is not based on elements of fear or lure,” she said.
Ritambhara, who was in Gandhinagar to inaugurate a three-day religious event, was asked by reporters about the recent controversy surrounding alleged conversion of around 100 people, mostly slum-dwellers from a minority community, to Hinduism by an RSS affiliate in Agra.
Asked about the Ayodhya issue, the religious preacher, who was closely associated with the Ramjanmabhoomi movement, said she does not know when a grand temple will come up in the UP town as the matter is in court.
“I don’t know when the Ram Mandir will be built (in Ayodhya) as the matter is still in court. However, we firmly believe that sacrifice of kar sevaks will not go waste,” said the Hindutva proponent.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Include lightning as disaster eligible for compensation: Ministry of HomeAffairsBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 10:24 am
People killed in lightning incidents may now be compensated by the government if a recommendation of the Union Home Ministry to this effect is accepted.
As India accounts for an average 400 deaths due to lightning every year, the Ministry has moved a proposal to the 14th Finance Commission, suggesting inclusion of lightning in the list of notified disasters eligible for assistance from national and state disaster relief funds.
At present, lightning is not among the eligible natural disasters for relief, official sources said.
The 14th Finance Commission will submit its report to the government by December 31.
The issue of inclusion of any disaster in the list of notified natural disasters has been considered by the successive Finance commissions set-up from time-to-time.
The 13th Finance Commission had considered the proposal for inclusion of lightning. However, no recommendation has come from it for inclusion of lightning as one of the disasters qualifying for assistance from national and state disasters response funds.
The state governments are required to provide relief from their own resources to the people affected due to lightning as per their relief codes and manual, the sources said.
India has unusually high death toll due to lightning every year, mostly during the monsoon. On an average, three people die in Britain each year due to strikes, while, in the US, an average 30 people die following lightning strikes.
Lightning normally hit during the June-October and the weekend toll was unusually high. Bamboo-and-thatched huts are generally most at risk.
Only around ten per cent of people who are struck by lightning die because the bolt of electricity causes their heart and breathing to stop. Those who survive tend to wake up from the shock within a few seconds but have little recollection of what happened before the injury.
They could suffer minor burns and stroke-like symptoms.

Modi shines in online world | 200 days of Modi govt: What first-time BJP MPs are uptoBJP
(The PM shines as a reformer…)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi versus superstar Rajnikanth — how is that for a match-up? Perish the delicious thought, for now we just have netizens comparing the two.
It was inevitable though, with the aura of invincibility around the two and the Modi government completing 200 days in office on the eve of the release of the Rajni starrer, Lingaa.
To mark 200 days of the Modi Sarkar, ET Magazine got big data research firm MavenMagnet to crawl the internet to gauge the mood on the day.
MavenMagnet's patented methodology for the survey gleans opinions out of public conversations without asking questions (see Methodology). Rajanikanth has company though; Modi is also being compared to Singham.
Never mind the scenes in Parliament, Modi still seems to be enjoying a honeymoon with the virtual world, with a net 22% positive vibe around him.
A large segment, or 61%, remains neutral or mildly positive. On the 200th day, that is Thursday, December 11, Modi also scored brownie points by congratulating President Pranab Mukherjee and tweeting in Russian to welcome president Putin.
Foreign relations, infusion of national pride, governance and his Kashmir pitch dominated the online discussions around him and his role as prime minister.
The discussions that focused on him personally hovered around his vision and his ability to engage with the masses.
The negative vibes were generated by the usual suspects. Positives and negatives split the vibes baskets down the middle in topics like 'communal harmony' and 'secularism'.
However, these topics themselves have not gathered enough traction yet to dominate the discussion around Modi and the most prominent words around him are "vision" and "shares" or "meets" followed by "developed". Even words like "RSS" or "Hindu" are not prominent.
The man-in-charge imagery clearly is winning the day as this comment from an anonymous commentator shows: "Powerful Modi can only solve all India problems and put the opposition and even his own ministers in place." Over to the next 200 days.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rowing to be held at Singanallur TankUpdated: December 14, 2014 11:22 IST
Rowing to be held at Singanallur Tank
Staff Reporter
Tweet
Special Arrangement
Officials from the Sports Development Authority of Tamil Nadu, district administration and Coimbatore Corporation officials at the Singanallur Tank in the city on Saturday.
If all goes well, Coimbatore denizens may in the next couple of months see some rowing events in the Singanallur Tank. The move is part of the civic body’s efforts to improve the tank and put it to continuous use so as to prevent degradation.
The civic body on Saturday took the first step in this regard with the visit of Member Secretary, Sports Development Authority of Tamil Nadu, Shambhu Kallolikar, Collector Archana Patnaik, Mayor P. Rajkumar, Commissioner K. Vijayakarthikeyan, Deputy Commissioner P. Gandhimathi and others to the tank.
Mr. Rajkumar said that the Corporation proposed to introduce canoeing, kayaking, etc. on a portion of the 800-acre tank with financial assistance and help from the Authority.
It would also improve the boathouse with help from the Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation.
At present, the civic body is engaged in removing water hyacinth and cleaning the tank.
Dr. Vijayakarthikeyan said that the Authority may by the end of this month take rowers to the tank for demonstration and invite the public to witness the event. It would be a sort of trial sail for a week. If it proved successful, the Corporation in consultation with the Authority introduce single and double seat kayaks.
The Corporation would in the days to come also encourage formation of rowing clubs.
On its part the civic body would remove encroachments near the tank, provide parking facilities and do things that would draw visitors.
The Mayor said that as part of the tank rejuvenation plan, the Corporation would look at building an exclusive sewage treatment plan. This was necessary to ensure that the water that flowed into the tank was not sewage.
And, to set things in motion, the civic body administration would table a subject in this regard before the Council.
He added that the rowing would happen only in a portion of the tank and in such a way that avian life remained unaffected.

Sensex  Nifty may continue to see correctionSensex  Nifty may continue to see correction
Besides bajaj allianz  there could be a few other insurance jvs where ...New Member
7 Followers
Your comments is thoughtful,But I have a different view on Relcapital on going events.Every one is expecting BIG rally in Relcapital with the back support of Indsurance Bill,Nippons decision to hike the stake and selling of its investment with huge return etc..But out of these events,Yatra and Big Cinema events are confirmed and insurance bill and nippon stake matters are yet to confirm.These factors are preventing the stock to break its resistance.On the other side ,Nifty has bening falling down by -350 in past 10 days and this event also preventing the stock to go up because investors are afraid about index fall from its higher side but the stock is having good support at 515.00 levels and buyers are active on this counter..The current market falls did not affected Rcapital and its strong at current trading levels..We can see a sharp rally after approval of FDI Insurance,because I think genuine investors only invest in confirmed news..And promoters can not keep the stock down..and your comments about Anil is just a nonsense.. If you are a long term investor,then you can add this stock your portfolio for long term returns with a time frame of 2-3 Years or even more or If you are a FNO player,then,pls have patience on this stock..If the sharp rally is not happening in dec series,then roll over positions to January futures,you may get rewarded with your decision.Please Note..Patience is the key to success in Market..!
In reply to : v1508a message
7.04 PM Dec 13th 2014

Only institutions/bodies corporates/brokerage houses are taking benefi...162 Followers
Reposted about 23 days 10 min 20 sec ago by joekittan
A MUST READ STORY... Ajanta pharma  (its pear group) who might have invested in that in  2003-2004  If one had purchased 100000 shares of that company at Rs 7 i.e. seven lakh rupees. His today`s portfolio could have been 78.87 crore and He might have recieved dividend of Rs57 lakh. So stock market can do what you and me can not even imagine. And if you compare balance sheet of doctor datson and ajantha pharma There is not much difference. SO invest in this company and sleep.
9.45 PM Dec 10th 2014   |         |   Rated by

As per moneycontrol relinfra holds only 15% of total shares but it is ...Platinum Member
19 Followers
Reliance Infra holds more than 40% shares of Reliance Power. With Infra you get 5.8MTA capacity of Cement being enhanced to 10MTA, 40% of Reliance Power  Distribution set up in Mumbai and Delhi  entire infrastructure business. It looks very much possible that Reliance Infra will exit all infrastructure projects like Metro Railway in Delhi, some of the Road Projects and monetize around Rs.10K crores worth assets. This would enhance ROE of Reliance INfra manifold. I am very bullish on this ignored bluechip.
In reply to : ashishm5 message
2.08 PM Dec 13th 2014   |        |   Rated by

Nandi from what i could find the reason behind london fall was its ov...Platinum Member
98 Followers
nandi from what i could find the reason  behind london fall was its over dependency on oil and china data and a possible  greece exit did the remaining work. from what i see the start of this problem solving should be by curtailing oil production. this over supply is killing everybody
In reply to : nandi011235 message
11.28 AM Dec 14th 2014   |         |   Rated by

Should you buy Gold or Real Estate: Which is betterMoving into your new home - follow these simple steps
CommonFloor.com
From times immemorial, Indians are known for their love for the yellow metal, especially as India is the second largest consumer of gold in the world. However, the recent times have witnessed a huge surge in the realty sector in India, and many Indians are not hesitating to pledge or sell their gold (ornaments as well) to invest in the booming real estate sector. In such a scenario, would it be safe to say that investment in real estate is better than buying gold? Is real estate a conclusive investment alternative to gold? Let us discuss the reasons behind such changing trend.
Fluctuations in gold rate and drop in ornament rates
More often than not, investors consider gold as an insurance in their portfolio; however, the recent fluctuations in gold rates have led many investors to think otherwise and to look for investment avenues that can generate guaranteed profits. Needless to mention that most of the investors consider real estate investment as a safer bet than investment in gold.
Possibility of income from real estate investment
Believe it or not, older generation invested in gold partially because they were very fond of wearing gold ornaments. But the same cannot be said about the newer generation that is vary of flaunting their gold jewelry. Moreover, people now understand that gold is unproductive in nature unless you are mentally prepared to dispose it off for profits at a later date. Investment in real estate opens up the possibility of a regular monthly rental income and that is the reason why many smart investors are preferring real estate over gold.
Industries and applications where gold is used as raw material
 
Real estate investment offers tax benefits and capital appreciation
Unlike investment in gold, real estate investments come with structured tax benefits as well as the prospect of decent capital appreciation. Not to mention that real estate investments are thus considered as a safer bet than all other investment options including gold.
 
Property hotspots close to India’s major cities
 
Investment in gold has negative repercussions on the economy
Most of the gold that is sold in India is imported from foreign countries such as Australia, China, South Africa, Russian Federation and USA. In fact, gold constitutes approximately 12 per cent of the total imports of our country. And since we pay for imports in foreign currency, it directly impacts the valuation of rupee in the international market. It also leads to increase in the price of petrol, diesel and capital goods. On the contrary, investment in real estate is good for the economy of our country.
While it is good to purchase gold occasionally, one must ensure that their investment in gold does not exceed 15 per cent of one's portfolio, especially as it is not good for the larger good of the nation. It is recommended that one invests in real estate as these are known to appreciate well and can potentially lead to regular monthly rental income.
Buy, Sell, Rent & Manage your property at: CommonFloor.com
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Indian-American author  novel among NYT s 10 best books of 2014By: Indo-Asian News Service | Washington |
Posted: December 12, 2014 10:47 am
Delhi born Indian-American author Akhil Sharma’s second novel “Family Life” has been selected by The New York Times Book Review as one of the ten Best Books of 2014.
Published by W. W. Norton & Company, the Times describes Sharma’s novel as a “deeply unnerving and gorgeously tender” book.
“Sharma’s austere but moving novel tells the semi-autobiographical story of a family that immigrates from India to Queens, and has just begun to build a new life when the elder son suffers severe brain damage in a swimming pool accident,” it said.
The novel, the Times noted, “chronicles how grief renders the parents unable to cherish and raise their other son; love, it suggests, becomes warped and jagged and even seemingly vanishes in the midst of mourning.”
Sharma who immigrated to the US when he was eight, and grew up in Edison, New Jersey is also the author of “An Obedient Father”, for which he won the 2001 PEN/Hemingway Award and the 2001 Whiting Writers’ Award.

Oil prices fall further after IEA cuts forecastNEW YORK, December 12, 2014
Updated: December 12, 2014 23:06 IST
Oil prices fall further after IEA cuts forecast
AP
Oil prices fell further on Friday after the International Energy Agency lowered its forecast for global oil demand next year.
Following its report, the benchmark U.S. oil price slipped to fresh five-year lows.
In morning trading in New York, it was down $1.33, or 2.2 per cent, at $58.63. Brent, the international standard, was $1.10 lower at $62.60.

Oil worries  Re plunge keep D-street on shaky groundBank of India
(Markets are getting concerned…)
MUMBAI: Stock markets witnessed selling pressure on Friday after the International Energy Agency (IEA) lowered the energy demand forecast for the next year as market participants were worried that a further global slowdown may impact the Indian economy adversely. Sentiment was also hurt after the Indian rupee plummeted to a 10-month low against the dollar.
The benchmark BSE Sensex dropped 0.91% to close at 27350 points on Friday, posting its worst weekly loss of 3.9% in about three years. It has fallen more than 1200 points in six trading sessions. The NSE Nifty dropped 0.83% to end at 8224 points, declining for the fifth trading session in six.
"Markets are getting concerned about the global slowdown which was reflected in the crude demand outlook from major oil-producing organisations. Traders took a cautious position ahead of inflation and IIP data (which was announced after the market closed)," said Dipen Shah, head of private client group research at Kotak Securities.
Adding more nervousness to the global crude market, IEA slashed its oil demand growth forecast for 2015 by 2.3 lakh barrels oil per day (bpd) to 9 lakh bpd. The news led to a sharp decline in Brent crude prices, which dropped to a 5-1/2-year low of $63 a barrel on Friday.
Shares of upstream oil and gas companies came under pressure as investors were concerned that falling crude prices will affect production and realisations.
GAIL India fell 4.57% to Rs 423 while ONGC slipped 3.55% to Rs 336, and were among the worst performers on the index.
"There is not much clarity on how the subsidy sharing will be done for upstream companies, and whether they will get some respite from the subsidy burden. This uncertainty is actually reflecting on stock price movements," said Sanjay Dongre, fund manager at UTI Asset Management Company.
Foreign institutional investor (FII) exits on account of profit booking continued to add to trading woes. FIIs, having pumped over Rs 1 lakh crore into Indian equities this year, sold shares worth Rs 864 crore in the cash market on Friday. However, local fund managers remain positive about flows into equity markets.
"I don't think the correction will continue for long as a number of investors - retail as well as domestic funds who were waiting for the fall - may enter now," said Swapnil Pawar, chief investment officer at Karvy Capital. "Foreign flow, which was subdued for the last few weeks, may also come now as India's long-term story is still intact."
The Indian rupee logged its biggest weekly fall in more than four months on Friday, mirroring steep declines in stocks and a broader gain in the US dollar.
The rupee slipped past 62.50 per dollar on Friday, its weakest level in 10 months, before closing at 62.29, up from Thursday's close of 62.33.
Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan said at a meeting in New Delhi on Friday that the role of a regulator is not to boost the Sensex. A higher Sensex can at best be a collateral benefit and not a primary objective as underlying growth is more important.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Factory output plunges and prices ease  will RBI obligeTime ripe for a rate cut? October IIP data worst in 3 years; Nov CPI eases to 4.38%
ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 05.00AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(On Wednesday, Rajan had…)
NEW DELHI: RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan may have to seriously consider a rate cut ahead of the next monetary policy announcement, which is due in February, with industrial production seemingly in dire straits and retail inflation slowing further.
The Index of Industrial Production (IIP) unexpectedly contracted 4.2 per cent in October, the worst in three years, because of a collapse in manufacturing, data released by the statistics office on Friday showed, underlining fragile consumer sentiment and weak investments. The simultaneously released Consumer Price Index revealed a further slowing in inflation to 4.38 per cent in November — well below RBI's 6 per cent target for Jan 2016.
On Wednesday, Rajan had said interest rate action alone won't lift the economy after lawmakers, backed by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, called for cuts. But he may find it hard to justify why such a stimulus, for whatever it's worth, should be denied to the economy with inflation easing. A global slowdown that has already impacted India's exports has added to concerns.
"This is really a loud wakeup call for Rajan to cut rates immediately and for the finance minister to get on with reforms. How much further will Rajan want industry to contract before easing rates?" asked Rajiv Kumar, senior fellow, Centre for Policy and Research, calling for an immediate out-of-policy-cycle rate cut.
Rajan did not cut rates at the last review on December 2, standing firm against demands by industry and suggestions to this effect by the government. But he did say that rates could be cut early in the new year if inflation continued to slow, adding that a mid-cycle review was also possible. The next monetary policy review is scheduled for February 3, 2015.
On Wednesday, Jaitley said in the Lok Sabha that lower interest rates will encourage people to buy homes after some members asked why Rajan was not cutting them.
Base Effect in Inflation
The Indian economy expanded 5.3 per cent in the July-September quarter, slower than 5.7 per cent in the preceding one, raising fears that recovery was faltering after two years of below-5 per cent expansion. The latest IIP numbers will add to those concerns.
Some analysts have already cut growth forecasts for the year after the poor second quarter data and may further pare estimates. "A whole bunch of indicators besides periodic blips suggest that the industrial sector is in the doldrums. Though we might see base effect in inflation... time for rate cut is imminent," said Abheek Barua, consultant at think tank ICRIER.
  The industrial production numbers contained a preponderance of negatives — 16 out of 22 manufacturing sub-sectors contracted in October, with the most significant fall seen in the radio, TV and communication equipment segment at 70.2 per cent, despite the festive season. The motor vehicles and transport segment contracted by 9.8 per cent.
"It is disappointing, more so because October is one of the peak spending months when rural incomes increase and two festivals should have prompted consumer spending. It does appear more was spent on gold," said Madan Sabnavis, chief economist, Care Ratings.
Overall, manufacturing contracted 7.2 per cent in October while consumer durables production fell 35.2 per cent from a year ago, indicating a deep slump in consumer appetite. This is the worst manufacturing growth since February 2009.
A strong 13.3 per cent rise in electricity generation and a 5.2 per cent increase in mining output pulled up the overall numbers, but did little to dispel the gloom. With consumer inflation declining further, the case for keeping interest rates unchanged has weakened.
Industry again pushed for rate cuts. "It not only reflects a slowdown in investments but also the deep-rooted slackness in consumer demand, which requires bringing down the interest rates urgently," said Sidhartha Birla, president, Ficci.
November's core CPI inflation eased further to 5.5 per cent from 5.85 per cent in October. Food inflation fell sharply to 3.1 per cent from 5.59 per cent However, some experts called for caution on inflation arguing that the base effect had magnified the drop and that the benefit will not be available from December.
"The distinct moderation in CPI inflation to 4.4 per cent is admittedly a good sign for the economy; however, this has been on the back of a high base effect last year. It comes over the highest CPI inflation of 11.2 per cent last year," Care Ratings said, adding that the cushion will not be available in the months ahead.
Add to this the generally volatile and undependable nature of IIP data and rate-cut expectations may be discounted by the market, experts said. Rajan has always said he won't ease up on the price front until the battle against inflation is well and truly won.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Regulators  job is not to boost Sensex  says RBI chief Raghuram RajanRegulators' job is not to boost Sensex, says RBI chief Raghuram Rajan
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 10.01PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Rajan, who has kept interest…)
NEW DELHI: Unfazed by criticism that central bank is keeping interest rates high, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today said the role of regulators is not to boost the Sensex.
"Financial stability sometimes means regulators, including the central bank, have to go against popular sentiment. The role of regulators is not to boost the Sensex but to ensure that the underlying fundamentals of the economy and its financial system are sound enough for sustainable growth.
"Any positive consequences to the Sensex are welcome but are only a collateral benefit, not the objective," Rajan said while addressing a Ficci function.
Comprising shares of 30 bluechip companies, S&P BSE Sensex is a benchmark of Indian stock market.
He said that in addition to inflation, a central bank has to pay attention to financial stability.
"This is a secondary objective, but it may become central if the economy enters a low-inflation credit and asset price boom," he added.
The RBI Governor's statement assumes significance as industry has criticised the RBI for not reducing interest rates even when both the wholesale and retail inflation are at a multi-year low.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley too on several occasions had nudged the RBI to cut rates and the issue also figured during a debate in the Lok Sabha earlier this week.
Rajan, who has kept interest rates unchanged since January, had yesterday emphasised that interest rate cut by itself would not lift the economy.
"It is not the only thing which is holding back economic growth. But it would have some impact," Rajan said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modern retail simplifies shopping or adds to our woesRBI Governor Raghuram Rajan meets FM Arun Jaitley; discusses economic situation
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 10.01PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(The meeting assumes significance…)
NEW DELHI: Amid growing demand for a rate cut by the Reserve Bank, Governor Raghuram Rajan today met Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and discussed a range of "economic issues".
"We discussed a range of economic issues," Rajan told reporters after meeting with the Finance Minister.
The meeting assumes significance amid growing calls for a rate cut by the RBI. Jaitley had also pitched for lowering the cost of capital to boost growth.
"Now time has come with moderate inflation to bring down the rates. If you bring down the rates, people will start borrowing from banks to pay for their flats and houses. The EMIs will go down," Jaitley said in Parliament on December 10.
"I am sure that the authorities who are competent to deal with it are fully seized of this view notwithstanding the balancing exercise between inflation management and growth which they have to do," he had said.
RBI in last policy review on December 2 had kept policy rates unchanged, saying a shift in stance is 'premature' but had hinted that a cut may come early next year if inflation continues to ease and government acts on the fiscal side.
The repo rate continues to be at 8 per cent while the cash reserve ratio is at 4 per cent.
Retail inflation fell to 4.38 per cent in November, the lowest since the government started computing the new series of data in January 2012, as prices of food items went down further.
At the same time, industrial production saw the sharpest contraction in three years of 4.2 per cent in October, putting pressure on RBI to cut rate to boost growth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Thanks to corporate year-end parties  business for star hotels up 20-30%Baan Tao
(This year, companies  have…)
MUMBAI: Three weeks to the New Year's Eve, and India Inc has already started partying. Star hotels across the country have their banquets and restaurants sold out for corporate parties which, this year, have started early — last week of November onwards.
Nischint Pathania, general manager of Ramada Powai Hotel and Convention Centre , has his hands full as the hotel banquets and lawns have been sold out for corporate year-end bashes. And this is the case every weekend, beginning Friday. "As we speak, the hotel is gearing up to host three corporate parties with almost 2,300 people expected to attend. So, definitely we are seeing over 20 per cent growth for banquet functions this yearend," says Pathania.
Annual corporate dinners and corporate functions have driven up the December quarter food and beverages business of Indian hotels by 20-30 per cent from a year ago, according to hospitality chains. Sample these: Pharma company Kinapse India is organising a year-end party for not only the employees of its Bengaluru branch but even their families at a five-star hotel next weekend.
A German banking and financial services company recently hosted a special dinner for its top officials at the specialty restaurant Baan Tao at Hyatt, Pune. Another banking major Societe Generale organised a pool-side dinner for over 500 employees at a Bengaluru five-star.
"It will be energising for the employees and it's part of the company's culture to organise these year-end parties," says Aravind Rao RV, senior associate (operations & administration) at Kinapse India Scientific Services, adding that the pharma sector in India is going strong. An email query to Societe Generale did not elicit any response.
In fact, hotels are getting a huge chunk of their business from these parties with guest counts between 50 and 1,100. Bengaluru Marriott Whitefield is hosting 15 such corporate annual parties this year-end against just six last year, says its Resident Manager Gaurav Apte.
Similarly, Bengaluru-based Movenpick Hotel has its banquets and pool venue booked for corporate parties till December 23. "We were surprised to see the event bookings start from December 1 itself, and that's when we decided to step up on the preparations much earlier, as we usually start them from 20th onwards," says Vinesh Gupta, general manager at Movenpick Hotel.
Starting this month till the New Year's eve, The Westin, Chennai, has ten corporate dinners lined up and has seen growth in F&B business along with an increase in the number of guests in each party.
Choosing a fivestar venue may be an expensive affair, but it helps companies avoid the hassle of dealing with multiple vendors, as hotels not only manage the food and beverage requirements but also take care of event management, party themes and housekeeping.
Moreover, this year, companies are loosening purse strings and have stretched their budgets for the year-end parties, unlike last year, on the back of the feel-good factor in the market.
Last year, the spends were Rs 800-1,500 per person which has now stretched to Rs 2,500-3,000, says Vimal Verma, F&B manager at Hyatt Pune .
"Companies don't talk about budgets now, but they are concentrating more on what special they want to organise and the number of people." Corporates are spending on newer cuisines and novel themes for these parties, says Megha Ajgaonkar, director of sales & marketing, Renaissance Mumbai Convention Centre .
The Leela Palace, New Delhi, offers tailor-made and customised options for such parties which fit a company's preference and budget, says Louis Sailer, general manager at the hotel.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil at $40 possible Here s what slide means for IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > India
With $60 for oil, $40 seems a likely possibility. Here's what it means for India
ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 12.14PM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
The price of crude has plummeted to $60 a barrel, which should be good news for everyone except oil producers, right? Well, yes and no. Here's a look at what the oil slide means for India—both the good and the bad:
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil plunges 3% to new 5-year lows after bearish IEA outlookYou are here: Home > Collections > Iea
Oil plunges 3% to new 5-year lows after bearish IEA outlook
Reuters Dec 13, 2014, 03.51AM IST
(Benchmark Brent oil settled…)
NEW YORK: Crude oil markets fell 3 per cent or more to plumb new five-year lows on Friday after the world's energy watchdog forecast even lower prices on weaker demand and larger supplies next year.
Benchmark Brent oil settled at below $62 a barrel and US crude slumped to under $58 to extend Thursday's landmark fall below $60.
Surging crude inventories in the United States and top oil exporter Saudi Arabia's reiteration that it will not cut production had roiled prices over the past two days despite data pointing to strong US economic recovery.
On Friday, the Paris-based International Energy Agency which coordinates the energy policies of industrialised countries, cut its outlook for demand growth in 2015, triggering another collapse.
The IEA slashed its outlook for global oil demand growth for 2015 by 230,000 barrels per day to 900,000 bpd on expectations of lower fuel consumption in Russia and other oil-exporting countries.
It predicted that oil-producing nations outside of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries will add to global supplies. It also expected prices to fall further.
"That's just more bad news for the oil markets," said Andrew Lipow, president of Houston-based Lipow Oil Associates.
"Without any bullish news in sight, this market is going to continue to sell off. I myself will be on the sidelines until I see some supply disruptions occurring or more significant cuts in drilling investments or idling of rigs. People tried to pick a bottom at $80, $70, $60 and they lost a lot of money."
Brent settled down $1.83, or nearly 3 per cent, at $61.85 per barrel. It fell to $61.35 during the session, the lowest since July 2009.
US crude finished down $2.14, or 3.6 per cent, at $57.81. It fell earlier to $57.34, its lowest since May 2009.
On the week, Brent lost more than $7, or about 11 per cent. US crude tumbled over $8, or 12 per cent.
Both markets have lost about 46 per cent of their value since their June highs, when Brent stood at above $115 and US crude at around $107.
"We're getting to the point where major support for the market might be at $50," said John Kilduff, partner at New York energy hedge fund Again Capital. "Of course, we'll a few more hurdles before that, but that seems to be where we're headed."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil worries  Rupees plunge keep D-street on shaky groundBank of India
(Markets are getting concerned…)
MUMBAI: Stock markets witnessed selling pressure on Friday after the International Energy Agency (IEA) lowered the energy demand forecast for the next year as market participants were worried that a further global slowdown may impact the Indian economy adversely. Sentiment was also hurt after the Indian rupee plummeted to a 10-month low against the dollar.
The benchmark BSE Sensex dropped 0.91% to close at 27350 points on Friday, posting its worst weekly loss of 3.9% in about three years. It has fallen more than 1200 points in six trading sessions. The NSE Nifty dropped 0.83% to end at 8224 points, declining for the fifth trading session in six.
"Markets are getting concerned about the global slowdown which was reflected in the crude demand outlook from major oil-producing organisations. Traders took a cautious position ahead of inflation and IIP data (which was announced after the market closed)," said Dipen Shah, head of private client group research at Kotak Securities.
Adding more nervousness to the global crude market, IEA slashed its oil demand growth forecast for 2015 by 2.3 lakh barrels oil per day (bpd) to 9 lakh bpd. The news led to a sharp decline in Brent crude prices, which dropped to a 5-1/2-year low of $63 a barrel on Friday.
Shares of upstream oil and gas companies came under pressure as investors were concerned that falling crude prices will affect production and realisations.
GAIL India fell 4.57% to Rs 423 while ONGC slipped 3.55% to Rs 336, and were among the worst performers on the index.
"There is not much clarity on how the subsidy sharing will be done for upstream companies, and whether they will get some respite from the subsidy burden. This uncertainty is actually reflecting on stock price movements," said Sanjay Dongre, fund manager at UTI Asset Management Company.
Foreign institutional investor (FII) exits on account of profit booking continued to add to trading woes. FIIs, having pumped over Rs 1 lakh crore into Indian equities this year, sold shares worth Rs 864 crore in the cash market on Friday. However, local fund managers remain positive about flows into equity markets.
"I don't think the correction will continue for long as a number of investors - retail as well as domestic funds who were waiting for the fall - may enter now," said Swapnil Pawar, chief investment officer at Karvy Capital. "Foreign flow, which was subdued for the last few weeks, may also come now as India's long-term story is still intact."
The Indian rupee logged its biggest weekly fall in more than four months on Friday, mirroring steep declines in stocks and a broader gain in the US dollar.
The rupee slipped past 62.50 per dollar on Friday, its weakest level in 10 months, before closing at 62.29, up from Thursday's close of 62.33.
Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan said at a meeting in New Delhi on Friday that the role of a regulator is not to boost the Sensex. A higher Sensex can at best be a collateral benefit and not a primary objective as underlying growth is more important.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Make in India but keep local market in mind too: Rajanmake in India
(Rajan said that the Modi…)
NEW DELHI: Ahead of NDA's first full-fledged budget in February next year, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan called for more tax sops for households to encourage them to set aside more money and boost the country's flagging savings rate as he urged companies and policymakers to look inward as much as they're looking outward to strengthen the Indian economy and shore up its finances.
He said that the Narendra Modi government's 'Make in India' manufacturing initiative should not be read too narrowly as merely seeking to mimic the export-led growth strategy followed by China. Instead, he proposed a more open idea that focused on making Indian business more competitive.
"Make in India will typically mean more openness, as we create an environment that makes our firms able to compete with the rest of the world, and encourages foreign producers to come take advantage of our environment to create jobs in India," Rajan said as he floated the idea of 'Make for India'. "If external demand growth is likely to be muted, we have to produce for the internal market." The governor also wondered whether there was a need for more institutions to "ensure deficits stay within control and quality of budgets is high". Rajan was delivering the Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture at FICCI in Delhi on Friday.
The governor pointed out that tax benefits for individuals had been largely fixed in nominal terms until the recent budget, implying that after adjusting for inflation the value of the benefits had eroded over the years.
The Modi government had in its July 10 budget for FY15 raised the exemption limit on savings by Rs 50,000 to Rs Rs 1.5 lakh. The governor felt there was a case for enhancing this incentive."Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure that the country's investment is largely financed from domestic savings," Rajan said, adding that local demand should be financed as far as possible through domestic savings.
He said low and stable inflation and launching new institutions and products to seek out financial savings in every corner of the country will also help halt the erosion in the household savings rate.
The household savings dropped to 21.9 per cent of GDP in FY13 from 25.2 per cent in FY10, largely because of a decline in financial savings to 7.1 per cent from 12 per cent over the same period.The government has already re-launched the Kisan Vikas Patra savings instrument and the ambitious Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) to raise financial savings. PMJDY is aimed at ensuring all Indians have access to the banking system. With regard to the Make in India initiative, Rajan pointed out that a slowing world economy is not in a position to absorb substantial additional imports.
  "There is a danger when we discuss Make in India of assuming it means a focus on manufacturing, an attempt to follow the export-led growth path that China followed. I don't think such a specific focus is intended," Rajan said, adding that industrial countries were themselves improving capital-intensive flexible manufacturing that had even caused some work that had been outsourced earlier to be "re-shored".
India will also have to compete with China as it pushes into global exports. Make in India should also not be seen as an import-substitution programme, Rajan said."This strategy has been tried and it has not worked because it ended up reducing domestic competition, making producers inefficient, and increasing costs to consumers," the RBI governor said.
Rajan urged the implementation of measures including the goods and services tax (GST) for the creation of the "strongest sustainable unified market'."We are more dependent on the global economy than we think. That it is growing more slowly, and is more inward looking, than in the past means that we have to look to regional and domestic demand for our growth - to make in India primarily for India," he said.The governor said India needed to get its policy framework right because it did not belong to any power blocs.
Crucial to this was "a sound fiscal framework around a clear fiscal consolidation path", he said as he called for debate on how this could be achieved.
"Whether we need more institutions to ensure deficits stay within control and the quality of budgets is high, is something worth debating," Rajan said. "A number of countries have independent budget offices/committees that opine on budgets. These offices are especially important in scoring budgetary estimates, including unfunded long-term liabilities that the industrial countries have shown are so easy to contract in times of growth and so hard to actually deliver."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Joint ventures  co-production the way forward: Russia on  Make in IndiaBilateral trade
(Russia also said it was ready…)
NEW DELHI: Welcoming Prime Minister Narendra Modi's thrust for " Make in India ", Russia today said joint ventures and co-production was the way forward in all sectors, including defence, to achieve the target of USD 30 billion bilateral trade by 2025.
Russia also said it was ready to engage with India for the modernisation of all defence equipment, including ships, submarines and aircraft.
"We (Russia and India) are shifting towards bigger cooperation. We are shifting from pure commercial cooperation to something like joint production," Russian Minister of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov said here a day after his President Vladimir Putin's visit.
He said the target of USD 15 billion worth of mutual investments by 2025 "is little difficult if we only go by selling and buying products".
"We are planning to achieve a target of USD 30 billion by 2025 not merely by selling or buying products but by way of joint ventures, joint production of goods in India as well as in Russia," Manturov told PTI.
He said that defence is an important sector and Russia is planning to create joint projects.
"We are already in the process actually. In the joint production of Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft (FGFA), we have accomplished the first stage. We are moving forward to second stage starting next year," he said, adding that the same holds true for the joint production of Multi-role Transport Aircraft (MTA).
"We started the project (MTA) in 2010. According to the government agreement, we are planning to receive the first aircraft by 2017 to start certification. We are on schedule for this project," he said when asked why the project is delayed.
Defence sources say that MTA as well as FGFA projects are running behind schedule due to a number of reasons.
The preliminary FGFA design agreement had been signed in 2010 between HAL and Russian Sukhoi Design Bureau to build the combat plane for use by both the countries.
But the final R&D contract, which was to be signed by 2012, is still to be finalised. The contract would pave the way for prototype development and flight testing.
Though India is investing 50 per cent of the cost of the multi-billion dollar programme, its work share in the research and development and other aspects of the programme has come down to around 13 per cent, something which Indian officials are not happy about.
The sources said this will impact India's indigenous capabilities to develop such an advanced fighter aircraft.
To a question on the issue, the Russian Minister said, "We are not limiting the Indian side from participating to just 13 or 30 per cent... It depends on technical points of production facilities and the technology process of this project. So we are absolutely open to dialogue."
He described the matter as "small technical and bureaucratic things".
Manturov also spoke about the offer of assembling Kamov Ka-226T helicopters that Modi had mentioned yesterday after his meeting with Putin.
"The Prime Minister announced that India accepted to start the project of assembling helicopters. It is a multi- purpose helicopter. We are looking forward to starting negotiations on details of this project," he said.
"In the previous years, it was several tenders, shortlist, long list. Now the government has decided to work with us on this project and it was announced yesterday. For us, it is a very important moment from which we start dealing with details," he said.
To a query that the Prime Minister had only announced the Russian offer and no decision, Manturov said, "What I understand is that this is the first time when the Indian side officially mentioned that they are ready to discuss in details."
He said this is "absolutely the right moment" to start exact negotiations as previously it was at a very low level.
"Of course, it is not final point. It will take time to sign the contract and start the project... but the announcement was very important for us," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  Russia deals to boost Make in India driveIndia, Russia deals to boost ‘Make in India’ drive
By TNN | 12 Dec, 2014, 12.18PM IST
Modi described Putin as a leader of a great nation with which "we have a friendship of unmatched mutual confidence, trust and goodwill".
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Despite rising concerns here over Russia's recent military cooperation agreement with Pakistan, PM Narendra Modi on Thursday underlined the primacy of Moscow in New Delhi's strategic calculus when he said Russia was would remain India's most important defence partner.
This, he said, was despite the fact that India now had more options, in what was seen as an oblique reference to its growing military and defence ties with the US. Modi's remark came after his summit meet here with President Vladimir Putin , who offered India lucrative energy deals and sought to provide a leg-up to Modi's " Make in India " campaign.
After the talks, the two countries signed as many as 20 agreements — seven inter-governmental and 13 commercial — including a strategic vision for cooperation in peaceful uses of atomic energy. Another agreement was signed for partnership in oil and natural gas.
Modi, who addressed the media in English, said apart from the 4 reactors at Kudankulam, the two countries outlined an "ambitious vision for nuclear energy of at least 10 more reactors" and would look at exporting it to third countries. Putin, in fact, said in his statement that Russia would help build 20 reactors in India.
In a boost for Modi's "Make in India" initiative, Putin also offered to build one of Russia's most advanced helicopters in India. Putin said the joint initiative could consider exporting the helicopters to other countries. Modi thanked Putin for the offer, saying Indian authorities would follow up on it quickly.
Modi described Putin as a leader of a great nation with which "we have a friendship of unmatched mutual confidence, trust and goodwill".
"We have a strategic partnership that is incomparable in content. The steadfast support of the people of Russia for India has been there even at difficult moments in our history. It has been a pillar of strength for India's development, security and international relations," said Modi. One of the agreements signed will facilitate training of Indian armed forces personnel in the military establishment of Russia's defence ministry.
While it is not clear if the Indian side took up the issue of Russia's agreement with Pakistan which could facilitate supply of arms to India's neighbour, Modi suggested in his statement that he expected both sides to be sensitive to their concerns. "President Putin and I agreed that this is a challenging moment in the world. Our partnership and the strong sensitivity that we have always had for each other's interests will be a source of strength to both countries," he said.
Putin also mentioned the joint fifth-generation fighter jet project which has failed to make much headway in the recent past. "I would also like to note that projects to jointly develop multi-purpose fighter aircraft and multirole transport planes is another step in our joint work," he said. Modi also proposed that Russia locate manufacturing facilities in India for spares and components for Russian defence equipment.
A joint statement titled "Druzhba-Dosti" said the two countries will study the possibilities of building a hydrocarbon pipeline system, connecting the Russian Federation with India. Modi said cooperation between the two nations in the hydrocarbon sector had been disappointing until now and that they will pursue an ambitious agenda for partnership in oil and natural gas.
Putin also said Russia is ready to cooperate in peaceful space exploration, specifically in the development of close-orbit satellites and use of the GLONASS satellite navigation system.

Cafe Coffee Day IPO estimated to fetch Rs 1 500 crCafe Coffee Day IPO estimated to fetch Rs 1,500 cr, experts say it’s right time for stake sale
Sabarinath M & Baiju Kalesh, ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 10.26AM IST
Tags:
Amalgamated Coffee Bean Trading Company
(The owner VG Siddhartha,…)
MUMBAI: Amalgamated Coffee Bean Trading Company , the owner of India's largest coffee retail chain Cafe Coffee Day (CCD), is seeking to raise Rs 1,200-1,500 crore by selling 20-25 per cent stake in the chain through a public offer that values the 18-year old company at about a billion dollars, two people with direct knowledge of the matter said.
At this valuation, the owner VG Siddhartha , a former investment banker who holds 70 per cent stake in the company along with his family members could be worth about Rs 4,500 crore. "We cannot comment on the development," said Siddhartha in an emailed response.
The firm started its final discussions — "kick off discussions" in industry parlance — on Thursday to finalise the draft prospectus with its three investment banks — Morgan Stanley , Citigroup and Kotak Mahindra Capital Company — to manage the issue.
Consultants and investment bankers say the timing is just right to shed stake in the retail chain, in which private equity funds KKR , Stanchart PE and New Silk Route have been investors since 2000. They cited the bullish stock market, stronger local consumption and rise in market value of CCD's rival Jubilant Foodworks after it went public in 2010.
The three funds invested about $150 million (about Rs 940 crore) to purchase a 20 per cent stake in the holding company ACBTC, which owns 1,650 retail outlets, more than three times that of all the three competitors combined, in more than 200 towns.
Consultant EY projected that India's middle class, comprising people earning between $10 and $100 (Rs 625-6,250) a day, will grow to 200 million by 2020 from about 50 million last year. "The timing is perfect," said an investment banker who has been selected to manage the issue, citing in particular the rise in market value of CCD's rival Jubilant Foodworks, the Indian franchise for Domino's Pizza.
Jubilant Foodworks' market value has risen to Rs 8,800 crore in the past four years from Rs 975 crore in 2010, when it went public at Rs 161.6 a share. On Friday, Jubilant Foodworks rose 3.68 per cent to close atRs 1,354.75 on the BSE.
"It could be a combination of fresh shares and some existing shares of the investors. A final decision will be taken soon," said the investment banker, who did not wish to be identified.
Some consultants raised concerns about the challenges ahead for the retail chain. "Given the fact that CCD has built substantial scale and size, it is an ideal candidate for a public offer as many investors are looking to buy into the local consumption story," said Naimish Dave, director, Avalon Consultants, a global research firm.
CCD faces three key challenges, said Dave. First, to keep up the promise to investors; the second, to maintain the same level of propositions as they expand to grow in the secondary cities and towns after building retail chains in the primary cities; and the third, to maintain the premium margin against the severe competition from international quick service chains such as Starbucks and Dunkin' Donuts.
The group also owns 53 per cent stake in publicly traded firm Sical Logistics through its unit Tanglin Retail Realty Developments , besides a real estate developer Tanglin Developments, a financial services firm way2wealth.com and a luxury resort in Chickmagalur in Karnataka. The other investments include a 22 per cent stake in software consulting firm Mindtree and 4 per cent stake in Tamil Nadu-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IRCTC in talks with CCD  Pizza Hut and others to open eateries at stationsYou are here: Home > Collections > Irctc
IRCTC in talks with Cafe Coffee Day, Pizza Hut and others to open eateries at stations
Tasmayee Laha Roy, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 07.13AM IST
Tags:
Hotels
(We would also add another…)
KOLKATA: Come 2015, and your wait in a railway station isn't going to be all that disappointing, especially if you are hungry. IRCTC in its effort to offer better fare at stations is talking to Cafe Coffee Day, Pizza Hut, Barista Coffee, Subway and Jumboking Vadapav, urging them to open eateries at stations.
In doing so, IRCTC is trying to take its annual earnings to Rs 50 crore from the current Rs 30 crore. "To begin with, Mapple Hotels has been selected to run the food plaza at Hardwar station. There are 106 other food plazas and fast food units that are at various stages of commissioning at places like Bhavnagar, Delhi Cantonment, Kanpur Central and others. We would also add another 56 food kiosks at Delhi Metro stations across New Delhi," said RN Kalita, director of catering services at IRCTC.
Travel Food Services (TFS), a Mumbai-based F&B operator that specialises in running restaurants, cafes, food courts and manages lounges across major airports in the country, will launch similar executive lounges across railway stations like Vijayawada, Howrah and Jaipur by next April. These lounges would be anything between 1,500 sq ft and 3,500 sq ft.
"We share the common vision of changing the travel experience of passengers with the Indian Railways. Our big challenge is to organise the scattered F&B services that are available at railway stations," said Gaurav Dewan, COO, Travel Food Services.
TFS, which has franchisee arrangement with brands like KFC, Domino's Pizza, Cafeccino, Haagen-Dazs, The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf , is also bidding to operate in the food courts and food plazas at various stations. IRCTC will soon finalise 50 food plazas in tier-II cities like Dehradun, Tambaram and Haridwar. Keeping in mind the heterogeneous consumers in railway stations, food items of all price range would be served at the railway and metro stations.
Operating more than 70 vadapav stores across the country, Jumboking Vadapav has proposed 20 outlets across stations in New Delhi, in places like IFFCO Chowk metro station and HUDA City Centre metro station.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coca-Cola in talks to acquire minority stake in Mahesh Bhupathi s IPTLCoca-Cola
(Soda maker Coca-Cola is…)
NEW DELHI: Soda maker Coca-Cola is in talks to pick up minority stake in the Mahesh Bhupathi-promoted International Premier Tennis League (IPTL), two people aware of the development said. "Coke is looking for a long-term association with a sports property as that would help the sugary drinks maker draw synergies with healthy lifestyles," one of the persons mentioned above said.
Rival PepsiCo is title sponsor of the popular cricket league IPL T20.
Coke is already title sponsor of the tennis tournament while Qatar Airways is the presenting sponsor. But unlike cricket, tennis doesn't have a mass following in the country.
The just concluded IPTL saw several big names in tennis either playing or visiting the country, including Roger Federer, Boris Becker and Stefi Graf.
Becker also visited the Coca-Cola office in Gurgaon to talk to and engage with employees. A Coca-Cola spokesperson declined comment on the development. Bhupathi too declined to respond to messages.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indians most addicted to smartphones: Survey28
1
Berlin: Nearly 57 per cent of Indians admitted they cannot live without their smartphones, making them the most addicted group of respondents in a survey of users from top five smartphone regions globally.
One in three Indians said they would give up their TV for a week before their smartphone, according to the survey conducted by Germany-based B2X Care Solutions.
The survey polled more than 2,500 smartphone and tablet users from the top five smartphone regions globally, including the US, Germany, Brazil, India and China.
One in three Indians said they would give up their TV for a week before their smartphone, according to a survey.
#indians #smartphones
It polled a sample set of smartphone users from 16 to 65 years old who personally owned their devices.
There were 518 respondents from the US, 535 from Germany, 507 from India, 515 from China and 503 from Brazil.
"In America and China, most consumers wait less than 24 hours to have their smartphone repaired while in Brazil, India and Germany it takes almost 8 days for the same repair," the survey found.
Americans tend to be the most satisfied with their repair process while Brazilians are the least satisfied.
In US, 98 per cent between the ages of 16-29 sleep with their smartphones and 13 per cent would not give up their smartphone for a week even if they were paid USD 500.
The Chinese spend the most money on smartphones. In fact, more than 75 per cent spend more than $250 when purchasing a device and 80 per cent own two or more smartphones, which they tend to replace after less than a year, the survey found.
Even though Germans are the least addicted to their smartphones, 58 per cent said they still keep their phones on their body or within reach at all times during the day and 84 per cent want the most technically advanced model when purchasing a new device.
As many as 57 per cent of Indian users said they can't live without their smartphones, which makes them the most addicted group of respondents, the survey found.
In Brazil, 63 per cent users said they spend at least three hours on their smartphones a day, making them the heaviest device users.
The survey also found that 1 in 3 Indians and 1 in 2 Chinese would give up their TV for a week before their smartphone.
10

Manufacturing firms expect stable growth next year: Surveybusiness (general)
Majority of the companies in the manufacturing sector expect growth to be stable over the next 12 months, according to the Indian Manufacturing Barometer 2014 survey by FICCI and PwC.
As per the survey, 55 per cent of the respondents expect to make major investments over the next 12 months, while 49 per cent plan to add capacity. Research & Development, new products or services introduction and facilities are the three priority areas of investment for over 45 per cent of these respondents.
The companies, which participated in the survey, do not expect any decline in their own business revenues or their industry’s revenue in this period. However, in the last year’s survey, six per cent had expected their own business revenues to decline, while 20 per cent respondents had expected their industry’s revenue to decline.
About 94 per cent of the surveyed companies describe themselves as “somewhat or very optimistic” about the Indian economy with high expectations from the government.
Indian manufacturers also expect the government to simplify export import (EXIM) policies and related documentation, rationalise the tax structure and implement Goods and Services Tax (GST). Modification of land acquisition rules, speedier clearances and licensing, and amendments to labour laws are factors they believe will facilitate investments, the survey said.
Bimal Tanna, Leader Industrial Manufacturing at PwC India said, “With rising costs in other global manufacturing hubs such as China there is perhaps an unparalleled opportunity for India to step into the breach and capture a significant share of the global manufacturing pie. Yet, the road ahead is not without challenges with several infrastructural and regulatory bottlenecks.”
Growth in the manufacturing sector had fallen to a negative 0.7 per cent in FY14, significantly below its five-year average of 5.6 per cent. The share of the sector, in GDP, had declined from 15.8% in FY13 to 14.9% in FY14.

Google s three-day shopping festival fuels more business for etailersGoogle's three-day shopping festival fuels more business for etailers
Itika Sharma Punit | Bengaluru Dec 13, 2014 10:50 PM IST
If Indian consumers' response to sales and discounts by e-commerce websites is anything to go by, all the venture capital money that has flooded the sector over the last year or so is perhaps justified. Despite the numerous discounts through the festive months of October and November, buyers responded enthusiastically to Google's recently concluded Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF).
“All the earlier sales were limited to one single website and were narrow in that sense. The GOSF was across websites, so there was much more range to choose from,” said Hyderabad-based Samantha Menacherry, who made several purchases during the GOSF. “There were deals across all the e-commerce websites I generally shop from, so I have in fact bought everything that I anticipated I would need in the next few weeks.”
While most e-commerce websites that participated in the event witnessed a four to five times jump in traffic, portals that offer related services such as coupons, cashbacks, price comparison and mobile wallets were also major beneficiaries of the GOSF that concluded at midnight on Friday.
Mobile Wallet firm MobiKwik clocked a revenue of Rs 5 crore during the three days in 105,000 transactions it facilitated. Almost half of these transactions were for shopping, followed by food and entertainment, travel and fashion, and cosmetics. The top three e-commerce merchants on MobiKwik wallet transactions were eBay, Shopclues, and Snapdeal. “Traffic grew by five times during the three days. Mobile shopping has really taken off at this GOSF,” MobiKwik co-founder Upasana Taku told Business Standard.
With sales running across hundreds of e-commerce portals, buyers took to comparison portals for making purchases. Price comparison portal iSpyPrice.com saw an 80 per cent rise in traffic during each of the three days of the GOSF as against usual days.
Comparison shopping platform MySmartPrice called this year's GOSF “bigger and better” than last year, as the company saw a 35 per cent increase in its gross merchandise value (GMV) and received over 800,000 visitors per day. “Consistent growth in traffic is one thing to notice this year, as we saw the growth sustain throughout three days, despite early fear that the excitement may wear out in a day,” the company said.
The absence of Indian e-commerce poster boy Flipkart, which gave the GOSF a miss this year because the dates of the event clashed with its Big App Sale (where the company is offering discounts to buyers who make purchases through its mobile application), helped several competitors and smaller players. According to various data analytics firms, Amazon, Snapdeal, ebay, and ShopClues were among the most visited websites in the general e-tail segment.
Several niche segments such as automobiles, jewellery, travel and real estate remained the highlights of the sale as buyers flocked to these websites.
During Thursday and Friday, online travel aggregator Goibibo saw a 40 per cent jump in total transactions with the hotels segment receiving the highest traffic. “There has been an increase in traffic by over 100 per cent as compared to last year,” the company said in a statement.
Having learnt a lesson from earlier online sales that were widely criticised for technical glitches and stocks running out too soon, e-tailers appeared more prepared during the GOSF with no major technical snags being flagged at any of the portals. Also, most offers and stocks lasted long enough for consumers to make purchases.
“This time the GOSF was better known and very well marketed. We think compared to last year, this year customers know what to expect from the GOSF,” said Arun Sirdeshmuk, co-founder and chief executive officer of premium fashion retail portal Fashionara.com. “Our sales during this year’s GOSF are 500 per cent more compared to last year’s GOSF.”
EVENT HIGHLIGHTS
Top retailers: Amazon, Snapdeal, Shopclues, ebay
Top categories: Electronics, fashion, travel, food
Top cities: Delhi, Bengaluru, Mumbai, Hyderabad
Average 300% rise in traffic across websites
10 am–12 pm saw peak traffic across portals
65% of participants are males
Source: Based on data received from DesiDime, iSpyPrice.com, MySmartPrice, Cashkaro.com and Blueocean Market Intelligence

Biswas arrest over Twitter account: ITC assists police in probeBiswas arrest over Twitter account: ITC assists police in probe
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 13:  
After one its employees was arrested for allegedly being the handler of the pro-Islamic State (IS) twitter account, ITC today said it is extending full cooperation with the investigating agencies.
“An employee has been arrested by Bengaluru Police in connection with an allegedly objectionable social media activity carried out under a pseudonym.
“We informed Bengaluru Police about his employment status as soon as we found media reports on this issue, and have extended every co-operation with the investigation process,” an ITC Ltd spokesperson said in a statement.
Bengaluru-based engineer Mehdi Masroor Biswas was arrested by police who claims he has “confessed” of handling the pro-jihad tweeter “@ShamiWitness“.
ITC did not give details of his employment status.
Biswas was a manufacturing executive with ITC.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Swachh Bharat: Centre to spend Rs 2 lakh cr in 5 yrsSwachh Bharat: Centre to spend Rs 2 lakh cr in 5 yrs
BS Reporter | Chennai Dec 13, 2014 10:50 PM IST
The Centre would spend around Rs 2,00,000 crore over the next five years for the Swachh Bharat Mission, said M Venkaiah Naidu, Union minister for urban development.
The minister also said the government would set up a 'Swachh Bharat Kosh' to provide tax and fiscal incentives. The minister said urban India generates about 68.8 million tonnes of municipal solid waste per year, which means about 1.88 lakh tonnes every day. It is estimated to touch 160 mt per year by 2041.
Solid waste generated in rural areas is around 0.4 mt per day. Nearly one-third of garbage in urban areas is not treated. About 14 mt of garbage is left to rot in the open.
About 38 billion litres of sewage is generated every day by 498 tier-I cities in 2009. About 26 bl of sewage is let out in the open untreated.
Quoting a UN report, the Union minister said India leads the countries where open defecation is prevalent and 68 per cent of rural households have no access to toilets, 88 per cent of total diseases in rural areas is due to lack of clean water, sanitation and improper solid waste management.
He said the government proposes to spend Rs 1.34 lakh crore to construct toilets (11.11 crore toilets in rural areas) and about Rs 62,000 crore will be spent in 4,041 cities. He added 2.47 lakh panchayats will be given Rs 20 lakh each for the next five years to keep their villages clean.

PE sector can look back at 2014 with a smilePM Narendra Modi raises solar investment target to $100 bn by 2022
The year 2014 has so far been a good one for private equity deals in India, with aggregate PE investments till date at $11.64 billion, being the second-best in the past six years.
PE investments in 2014 till date stand 9% higher in terms of deal value as compared to investments in the same period last year, and are 5% higher than the aggregate 2013 investment figure as well. However, the number of deals are down by 5%, implying that PE investors continued to remain cautious in investing, while putting in more capital in select firms.
The year saw venture capital and private equity firms chasing companies in the internet and e-commerce space, which garnered nearly 40% of the aggregate PE investments. Flipkart and Snapdeal raised $ 1.71 billion and $0.86 billion, respectively, in 2014.
Dhiraj Poddar, co-head, India, at TA Associates Advisory, says the sectors or pockets that are less dependent on government action continued to generate PE interest, even as the positive sentiments and hopes of faster economic recovery played a role.
The year saw sustained deal momentum, with five of 11 months witnessing PE investment inflow of over a billion each. In fact, the current quarter has seen even greater PE interest, with deals worth $1.7 billion and $1.22 billion struck in the past two months, respectively.
In terms of deal size, the average deal size (for the January to December 11 period) stands 15% higher as compared to the same period last year. There have been 10 deals with deal size of more than $200 milllion each, collectively contributing $4.31 billion, or 37%, to overall PE capital invested in 2014, in line with the trend witnessed last year.
However, unlike last year, which saw Qatar Foundation picking up 5% stake in Bharti Airtel for $1.26 billion in one of the biggest PIPE deals, apart from some large buyout deals like KKR-Alliance Tire Group ($470 million) and Apax-GlobalLogic ($420 million), 2014 so far has seen more of growth capital and late-stage VC investment deals. The year also saw PE firms like KKR providing debt funding to Amtek Auto (Euro 235 million), GMR Holdings ($164 million) and Avantha Group ($100 million).
Looking ahead, experts believe that PE investments might look up, with companies in traditional sectors like infrastructure and capital goods expected to raise capital to fund capital expenditure.
Harish HV, partner at Grant Thornton, says the size of PE investments depends a lot on opportunities available, and if the infrastructure segment sees momentum, funding requirement will see rebound. “There’s positivity among investors, but they are waiting for actual implementation,” he added.
Post Comments
More from economy

DoT to rope in private firms for Digital IndiaPM Narendra Modi raises solar investment target to $100 bn by 2022
In a change of strategy, the department of telecommunications has now decided to rope in private agencies to roll out the R21,000-crore National Optic Fibre Network, as it sees this as the only possible way to meet the fresh deadline of March 2016 set by the Prime Minister’s Office, against December 2016 earlier.
The change of strategy, which would be articulated in a Cabinet note shortly, has been necessitated, as the project, which aims at connecting 2.5 lakh villages through the optic fibre, has not shown much progress due to lack of coordination among the public sector agencies currently executing it.
Officials from the department of telecommunications say under the new plan, the entire country would be divided into zones and each one would be given out to private agencies to lay the network.
In this outsourcing model, the role of the government would be only supervisory, setting benchmarks, providing incentives for completion of work on time and levying penalties in case of delays.
The completion of the project on time is crucial, as it is key to the success of the Digital India programme articulated by the PM.
Currently, the National Optic Fibre Network project involves Bharat Broadband Nigam, a subsidiary of state-run Bharat Sanchar Nigam (BSNL), PowerGrid and RailTel, which have been allocated work in the ratio of 70:15:15.
As on October 31, BSNL, PowerGrid and Railtel have invited bids for supply of 2.67 lakh kilometres of ducting optic fibre cable.
The work has started in 455 blocks of the total 6,533 blocks earmarked for the first phase. Similarly, these three agencies have invited bids for trenching and laying of optic fibre for 2,728 blocks covering 90,000 panchayats. A senior BSNL official said the process of completion of bidding will take at least two months.
“This is a huge target and the entire machinery at the department of telecommunications has gone into a tizzy. This is one of the reasons why department of telecommunications wants to involve private players for the National Optic Fibre Network project,” an official from the department of telecommunications said.
The National Optic Fibre Network project, being executed in three phases, will lay about 7 lakh kilometres of optical fibre network to connect all village panchayats by high speed broadband services.
Post Comments
More from economy

Live: 18 constituencies go to polls in fourth phase of Assembly elections in J&K todayAssembly elections live: J&K records 49 per cent polling overall, says Election Commission
IBNLive.com | Dec 14, 2014 at  06:21pm IST
Voting to begin in the fourth phase of Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Assembly elections live: Voting begins for fourth phase in JharkhandAssembly elections live: 61 per cent voter turn out registered in Jharkhand
IBNLive.com | Dec 14, 2014 at  06:33pm IST
The 15 constituencies that go to polls on Sunday are, Madhupur, Deogarh (SC), Bagodar, Jamua (SC), Gandey, Giridih, Dumri, Bokaro, Chandankyari (SC), Sindri, Nirsa, Dhanbad, Jharia, Tundi and Baghmara.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Government calendar may have mobile app versionYou are here: Home > Collections
Government calendar may have mobile app version
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 09.51AM IST
Tags:
Broadcasting Ministry
(The calendar which has 'Clean…)
NEW DELHI: For the first time, the new government calendar, brought out every year by the Information and Broadcasting Ministry , may come in a mobile phone app avatar also.
The calendar which has 'Clean Green India' as its theme and will highlight the government's flagship schemes and initiatives will be launched in the coming days.
However, keeping in line with the Narendra Modi government's focus on utilising technology and to connect with people, the Department of Audio Visual Publicity (DAVP) which publishes the calendar has tied up with the National Informatics Centre (NIC) for the mobile app version.
"The NIC has been approached so that a digital calendar or free app can be created because of which smartphone users, especially the youth, can use it. The process for the creation of the app is on," a senior official told PTI.
Sources said that while the calendar highlights important government initiatives like the 'Swachh Bharat' campaign, it has also information related to important days, holidays and restricted holidays.
Information regarding holidays and restricted holidays etc are provided in the calendar through colour coding, the official added.
"It is also learnt that the app would also have features which would link it with some of the important websites like the I&B ministry," the official added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New Delhi-bound Poorva Express derails  no i...Howrah
(The train was moving at a…)
KOLKATA: Nine coaches of the New Delhi-bound Poorva Express derailed at Liluah shortly after leaving Howrah station today.
There was no casualty or injury to any passenger, railway officials said.
The 12381 UP Howrah-New Delhi Poorva Express derailed at 8.25 AM after leaving Howrah at 8.15 AM.
The train was moving at a slow speed when it derailed, the officials said, adding that the reasons for the mishap was being examined.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sluggish polling in 18 constituencies of J-K; Omar  Mufti in the raceComments
Braving the cold, Kashmiris came out to vote in large numbers in the fourth phase of assembly elections on Sunday even as the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) was embarrassed by its candidate Hina Bhat, who allegedly slapped a poll official.
Turnout in the 18 constituencies spread over three districts in the state stood at 49%, lower than the first three phases, but marginally higher than the last polls in 2008.
Chief minister Omar Abdullah’s Sonawar constituency with 44% turnout led among the eight Srinagar seats, where 28% polling was recorded, up seven percentage points from 2008. Poll boycotts announced by separatists generally hold sway in these seats.
While some areas such as Gojwara and Rajouri Kadal saw a poll boycott – Rajouri booths didn’t see a single vote cast – Amira Kadal, Batamaloo and Habba Kadal saw big jumps in turnout.
Amira Kadal also saw BJP’s Hina Bhat – fighting Abdullah’s aide Nasir Aslam Wani — slapping a polling official following a heated argument, said eyewitnesses. The action was condemned both by National Conference workers and Abdullah, who tweeted,
“The BJP candidate in Srinagar who earlier threatened to pick up a gun over Art 370 now slaps a polling officer. Well done.”
Outside Srinagar, many areas in south Kashmir clocked close to 60% turnout with the twin constituencies of Vijaypur and Samba in Jammu region leading with 81% and 77% votes cast.
Terror-hit Shopian recorded 52% turnout while Anantnag, where People’s Democratic Party chief Mufti Mohammad Sayeed is fighting, saw 38% votes polled. Shopian BJP candidate Javed Ahmad Qadri was also accused of beating up a voter inside a booth.
Brisk polling in Jharkhand
Notwithstanding inclement weather, fourth phase of polls in Jharkhand was peaceful and registered 61.08% turnout on Sunday.
Voters of 15 constituencies in four districts made a beeline for polling stations since morning to elect their representatives. In Giridih’s Pirtand people defied Maoists’ poll boycott call and came out in large numbers. However, no untoward incident was reported from any constituency. 
After this phase, elections are now over in 65 of the 81 assembly seats in Jharkhand.
Some of the constituencies witnessed drizzle that brought down the maximum temperature by five degrees Celsius below the normal.
The cold claimed one victim. A police constable (Chowkidar) of Bagodar police station Bhakur Kohl reportedly died on the premises of Dumri police station due to cold.
Overall voters’ turnout was about 7% higher than the last 2009 assembly polls in the 15 constituencies that went to polls in this phase, said officials.
“In 2009, the overall turnout was merely 54.64% in these 15 constituencies. Overall poll percentage may increase by one or 2% when final figure will arrive,” chief electoral officer (CEO) Jharkhand PK Jajoria said.
Voter turnouts in the first, second and third phase of the assembly election were 63.35%, 68.01% and 63.96%, respectively.
Both Jharkhand and J-K will hold the fifth and last stage of polling on December 20.

Pak hockey players remove shirt  make obscene gestures at crowd after winPak hockey players remove shirt  make obscene gestures at crowd after win
Congress sends US President Obama $1.1 trillion spendingbillBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 14, 2014 10:46 am
A $1.1 trillion spending bill is on its way to President Barack Obama for his signature. The Senate voted 56-40 on Saturday for the long-term funding bill, the main item left on Congress’ year-end agenda. The measure provides money for nearly the entire government through the September 30 end of the current budget year.
Obama has said he will sign the bill. He already signed a short-term spending bill on Saturday that will keep the federal government operating through Wednesday, easing concerns of a shutdown during the holiday season.
Senators approved the temporary measure Saturday afternoon with only hours to spare before an earlier such measure was set to expire.
The $1.1 trillion spending measure had faced opposition from Democratic liberals upset about provisions that would roll back bank regulations imposed in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis and Republican conservatives unhappy that it failed to challenge Obama’s new immigration policy.
The fight over the spending bill reflects the Republicans’ new leverage after their sweeping victories in last month’s midterm elections. They will have control of the Senate and a stronger majority in the House of Representatives when the new Congress convenes in January.
The $1.1 trillion spending bill, which was the main item left on the current Congress’ agenda, provides funds for nearly the entire government through the September 30 end of the current budget year.
The sole exception is the Department of Homeland Security, which is funded only until February 27. Republicans intend to try then to force Obama to roll back his immigration policy that removes the threat of deportation from millions of immigrants living in the United States illegally.
Immigration was the issue that Sen. Ted Cruz, a favorite of the ultraconservative tea party movement, cited late Friday when he tried to challenge the spending bill with a proposal to cut funds that could be used to implement Obama’s executive actions on immigration.
That led to the unraveling of an informal bipartisan agreement to give the Senate the weekend off. It also gave Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reed a chance to call an all-day Senate session Saturday devoted almost exclusively to the work of confirming about 20 of Obama’s nominees to judicial and administration posts.
Several Republicans blamed Cruz, a potential presidential candidate in 2016, for creating an opening for the outgoing majority party to exploit.
The Senate Republican leader, Mitch McConnell, made no public comment on the events, even though Cruz suggested Friday night that McConnell and House Speaker John Boehner should not be entirely trusted to keep their pledge to challenge Obama’s immigration policy in January.
Many Democrats, including Obama, recognized that if the current spending bill failed, Republicans would have passed an even more objectionable one when they take full control of Congress next month.
Obama called the bill a classic compromise produced by “the divided government that the American people voted for.”

Amitabh Bachchan doesnt want a Shakti remakeBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 10:42 am
At a time when most classic Bollywood movies are returning on the big screen in form of remakes, megastar Amitabh Bachchan says he doesn’t want his popular film “Shakti” to be so treated.
Amitabh’s “Don”, “Agneepath” and “Zanjeer” have found a new lease of life. But the 72-year-old actor doesn’t want “Shakti” to have the same fate.
“It was a very special film. I don’t think there should be any remake of the movie. The movie gave me a chance to work with a star like Dilip (Kumar) ji. In fact it is very difficult to say who will be able to portray those characters with conviction on the big screen,” the actor said at a session here.
Released in 1982, the film brought two screen icons together – Amitabh and Dilip Kumar. Ramesh Sippy’s film revolved around a policeman and his son and the former’s decision to do the right thing at any cost.
Amitabh’s late father Harivanshrai Bachchan was a noted poet. His poetry especially “Madhushala” is still remembered and recited. But Amitabh says writing is not his forte.
“I cannot write. I go through scripts as I have to do the scene, but writing is not for me,” he said.

US buget vote lifts shutdown threatUS buget vote lifts shutdown threat
Jharkhand records over 13% polling till 9 amJharkhand records over 13% polling till 9 am
Press Trust of India | Ranchi Dec 14, 2014 10:35 AM IST
Braving the early morning chill, over 13% of the electorate exercised their franchise in the first two hours of polling in 15 Assembly constituencies spread across four districts of Jharkhand today.
Despite the chill, voters were seen standing in queues in front of the booths since 7 AM, when polling began.
Polling officials said Madhupur seat registered a voter turnout of 14.10%, Deoghar recorded 12.96%, Bagodar 14%, Jamua 11%, Gandey 9.29%, Giridih 10.84%, Dumri 10.2%, Bokaro 10.63%, Chandankyari 14.12%, Sindri 17%, Nirsa 18%, Dhanbad 15.69%, Jharia 15%, Tundi 17% and Baghmara 15 pc.
Polling has been incident-free till 9 AM, the officials said.
A total of 43,48,709 voters are eligible to decide the fate of 217 candidates, including 16 women.
Former Chief Minister Babulal Marandi is among the 13 candidates in the fray from Giridih seat.
Three incumbent ministers Mannan Mallick (Congress, Dhanbad), Suresh Paswan (RJD, Deogarh) and Haji Hussain Ansari (JMM, Madhupur) are in the electoral race today besides 11 MLAs who are seeking re-election.
The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha and the Bahujan Samaj Party have fielded the maximum of 14 candidates each followed by the Jharkhand Vikas Party (Prajatantrik) with 13 candidates), CPI (three) CPI (M) and NCP in two seats each.
In all, 716 of the 3,718 polling stations are marked as highly sensitive and 2007 as sensitive.
Polling will end at 3 PM in the constituencies of Madhupur, Deogarh (SC), Bagodar, Jamua (SC), Gandey, Giridih, Dumri, Chandankyari (SC), Sindri, Nirsa, Jharia, Tundi and Baghmara constituencies while it will continue upto 5 PM in Dhanbad and Bokaro constitutencies,
Polling to 50 of the 81 seats has already been held in the previous three phases, which passed off peacefully.
The fifth and final phase for 16 seats is scheduled on December 20 and counting on December 23.

Rift between Cong-NCP helping ruling Maharashtra allianceRift between Cong-NCP helping ruling Maharashtra alliance
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Dec 14, 2014 10:12 PM IST
With BJP and Shiv Sena comfortably placed in the government in Maharashtra, former allies Congress and NCP who ruled the state for 15 years are now fighting for the main opposition space in the state. BJP, which formed its first government in the state, feels the divided opposition will help it to govern in a better way.
Though both the parties do not see an immediate reunion to challenge the ruling alliance, NCP leaders do not rule out the possibility completely. They say a decision will be taken when elections are close, depending on the prevailing political situation of that time. Recently, both the parties made an attempt to come together for floor coordination in the state legislature to counter the state government on the issue of drought. Congress state president Manikrao Thakre has also said that after his party gets the LoP post, it will bring all the Opposition parties together.
However, the coordination was short-lived with NCP moving a no-confidence motion against veteran Congressman and Legislative council chairman Shivajirao Deshmukh in the ongoing Nagpur Winter Session.
BJP feels that the efforts of floor coordination will not work politically as both Congress and NCP do not see eye to eye on the issue of Leader of Opposition post itself.
NCP spokesman Nawab Malik said the focus of both the parties now would be organisational strengthening, launching membership drives and raising issue-based movements aggressively to take on the government.
Malik said NCP has eight to 10 leaders with mass base who are good orators and can take up issues of people.
However, Congress leaders like Prithviraj Chavan and Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil don't command a following in their own party, he claimed.
"In about six months, NCP will overtake Congress as the main opposition party," Malik claimed.
In the Assembly polls, NCP bagged 41 seats while Congress 42 despite having contested all the 288 seats on their own.
"Each NCP leader like Ajit Pawar, R R Patil, Chhagan Bhujbal, Sunil Tatkare have a role defined for them unlike the Congress," Malik said.

Voting begins on sluggish note in fourth phase of Jammu and KashmirpollsBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 14, 2014 11:02 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 2:11 pm
Defying the boycott call by separatists and the chilly weather, people turned up in numbers to exercise their franchise in the fourth phase of elections in Jammu and Kashmir where over 24 per cent voters cast their vote till noon.
Voting across the four districts was by and large peaceful with no major untoward incident reported from anywhere so far.
“An estimated 24.58 per cent of over 14.73 electorate cast their ballot in the 18 constituencies spread over three districts of Kashmir including Srinagar and Samba district in Jammu region till noon” an official spokesman said.
He said Samba constituency recorded the highest turnout of 37.85 per cent in the first four hours, while Habbakadal constituency in Srinagar witnessed the lowest 10.58 per cent during the corresponding period.
Despite severe cold, long queues of voters were seen outside the polling stations to exercise their franchise at many polling stations.
The trends in voter turnout in eight constituencies of Srinagar city, which have witnessed low voter turnout in the past elections due to separatist boycott calls, pointed towards a higher poll percentage this time.
Sonawar constituency, where Chief Minister Omar Abdullah is contesting, witnessed the highest 23.51 turnout in Srinagar followed by Khanyar and Hazratbal constituencies at over 16 per cent.

Jharkhand records over 13% polling till 9 AM in phase fourelectionsBy: Press Trust of India | Ranchi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 10:48 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 10:50 am
Braving the early morning chill, over 13 per cent of the electorate exercised their franchise in the first two hours of polling in 15 Assembly constituencies spread across four districts of Jharkhand on Sunday.
Despite the chill, voters were seen standing in queues in front of the booths since 7 AM, when polling began.
Polling officials said Madhupur seat registered a voter turnout of 14.10 per cent, Deoghar recorded 12.96 per cent, Bagodar 14 percent, Jamua 11 percent, Gandey 9.29 percent, Giridih 10.84 per cent, Dumri 10.2 per cent, Bokaro 10.63 per cent, Chandankyari 14.12 per cent, Sindri 17 per cent, Nirsa 18 per cent, Dhanbad 15.69 per cent, Jharia 15 per cent, Tundi 17 per cent and Baghmara 15 pc.
Polling has been incident-free till 9 AM, the officials said.
A total of 43,48,709 voters are eligible to decide the fate of 217 candidates, including 16 women.
Former Chief Minister Babulal Marandi is among the 13 candidates in the fray from Giridih seat.
Three incumbent ministers Mannan Mallick (Congress, Dhanbad), Suresh Paswan (RJD, Deogarh) and Haji Hussain Ansari (JMM, Madhupur) are in the electoral race today besides 11 MLAs who are seeking re-election.
The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha and the Bahujan Samaj Party have fielded the maximum of 14 candidates each followed by the Jharkhand Vikas Party (Prajatantrik) with 13 candidates), CPI (three) CPI (M) and NCP in two seats each.
In all, 716 of the 3,718 polling stations are marked as highly sensitive and 2007 as sensitive.
Polling will end at 3 PM in the constituencies of Madhupur, Deogarh (SC), Bagodar, Jamua (SC), Gandey, Giridih, Dumri, Chandankyari (SC), Sindri, Nirsa, Jharia, Tundi and Baghmara constituencies while it will continue upto 5 PM in Dhanbad and Bokaro constituencies,
Polling to 50 of the 81 seats has already been held in the previous three phases, which passed off peacefully.
The fifth and final phase for 16 seats is scheduled on December 20 and counting on December 23.

Files on 47 SEZs go missing: CAG reportFiles on 47 SEZs go missing, cloud over land allotments
By Pradeep Thakur, TNN | 14 Dec, 2014, 10.47AM IST
The CAG has said that 47 files related to government land allotments to corporate houses for SEZs have gone missing in the commerce ministry, raising doubts on the fairness of the allotments. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Raising doubts on the fairness of allotment of government land to some top corporates for special economic zones (SEZs), the comptroller and auditor general (CAG) has said that 47 files related to them have gone missing in the commerce ministry and were not made available to the audit team despite requests.
The auditor has published names of all the 47 SEZ developers who were allocated concessional government land at important locations in different cities whose files the commerce ministry refused to share for scrutiny. The CAG audit report on performance of SEZs was recently tabled in Parliament and will now be taken up for discussion by the public accounts committee (PAC).
Sources said when the audit team insisted on verifying details of these allotments and status of the projects, the ministry officials said these files were not traceable. "We wrote letters demanding these files, but were told they are not available," said a senior audit official.
These key files involved big SEZ developers such as Moradabad SEZ/Handicraft, two files of DLF Commercial, three files of Infosys related to their SEZs in Mysore, Bangalore and Mangalore and two files of Wipro Ltd. "No details of these SEZ units were available such as whether complete application was made by the developers, whether all the conditions required for approval were met, whether the board of approval carried out proper due diligence on the developers, etc," the official said.
The list of 47 also includes Adani Port and SEZ, Essar Hazira, Moser Baer India in Greater Noida, Mahindra Worldcity, Chengalpattu, Suzlon SEZ, Bengal Shapoorji Infrastructure Development Pvt Ltd, Diamond and Gems Development Corporation (SURSEZ) and L&T hi-tech city among others.
CAG has said these cases could not be audited for lack of cooperation from the commerce ministry. The ministry also did not provide the auditor with the current status of these projects, whether the developers started the SEZ projects or the land was diverted for commercial exploitation as has been revealed in several cases during the audit.
The CAG report had revealed that several hectares of land acquired for SEZ invoking public purpose were later sold off or used for other purposes. Among the groups that diverted land acquired for SEZs are Reliance Industries and Essar Steel, according to the audit report.
The CAG said that SEZs of Essar Steel in Hazira and Reliance Industries Ltd in Jamnagar, Gujarat denotified area of 247 ha and 708 ha respectively, and allotted them to ineligible DTA (domestic tariff area) units.
In case of Sricity SEZ in Andhra Pradesh , audit found that 2,070 ha was not used for the intended purpose. This land was allotted by the SEZ operators to private companies such as Alstom, Pepsico, Cadbury, Colgate, Kellogg's etc.
"Land appeared to be the most crucial and attractive component of the scheme. Out of 45,635 ha of land notified in the country for SEZ purposes, operations commenced in only 28,488 ha (62%)," the audit pointed out.
The audit found that many developers approached the government for allotment of vast areas of land in the name of SEZ. "However, only a fraction of the land so acquired was notified for SEZ and later denotification was also resorted to within a few years to benefit from price appreciation," the CAG has said.
As much as 5,402 ha of land was denotified in six states and diverted for commercial purposes, the audit found. "Many tracts of these lands were acquired invoking the 'public purpose' clause. Thus, land acquired was not serving the objectives of the SEZ Act," the audit said.

Do away with British-era drills for bosses: Government to police17
0
New Delhi: Government has issued a directive to the heads of central police organisations and departments to shun British-era "decorative" practices like a battery of junior staff "escorting" their bosses during their visits to government departments and events.
Following the orders of the Union Home Ministry, central police organisations, departments and forces have issued directives to their formations that such practises should be avoided and stopped with immediate effect and officers should not be accompanied by anyone, except, in cases where a subordinates' presence is required for a specific purpose.
"It is commonly seen that whenever there is any movement of police officials besides CPO (central police organisations), there is a mighty show of junior staff to escort the senior officers, generally seen in IPS and allied services.
The staff involved in decorating the senior officer, should be more involved in some productive work.
#british #government #police #home ministry
"Let the staff involved in decorating the senior officer, should be more involved in some productive work because this fashion was needed by Britishers to show their might, now they are our own brethren," the Home Ministry recently wrote to police departments under its command like Delhi Police and forces like CRPF and BSF.
The Ministry, top sources said, issued orders after it received instructions in this regard from the top leadership indicating that the displeasure in this regard was noted by none other than the office of Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
The top bosses of central police organisations, according to orders accessed, have now directed their formations that "follow up actions must be ensured strictly to avoid such practises, if any, and human resources of the force/department should be put to use judiciously.
221

EU hopes to seal free trade pact with India next yearEU hopes to seal free trade pact with India next year
See aurobindo pharma was trading in the range of 180 to 200 abt 2/3 ye...162 Followers
Reposted about 23 days 12 min 45 sec ago by joekittan
A MUST READ STORY... Ajanta pharma  (its pear group) who might have invested in that in  2003-2004  If one had purchased 100000 shares of that company at Rs 7 i.e. seven lakh rupees. His today`s portfolio could have been 78.87 crore and He might have recieved dividend of Rs57 lakh. So stock market can do what you and me can not even imagine. And if you compare balance sheet of doctor datson and ajantha pharma There is not much difference. SO invest in this company and sleep.
9.45 PM Dec 10th 2014   |         |   Rated by

Oilseed crushing down 15-20%Oilseed crushing down 15-20%
Sharleen D’Souza | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 09:04 PM IST
Oilseed crushing this oil year (November to October) is expected to be lower than last year by 15-20 per cent on the back of higher imports of edible oil and lower arrivals of soybean on the spot markets. Also, only 40 per cent of the total crushing capacity in India is being used due to pricing disparity.
Last year, 33 million tonnes of oilseeds were crushed domestically.  The disparity in crushing currently stands at $40 to $50 a tonne, which is not viable for a crusher. Also, the margins have decreased and it has been negligible for the past two years, which has had a negative impact.
“With farmers not bringing stocks to the market and given the disparity and lower global prices of edible oil, oilseed crushing sector is being negatively impacted. There is a glut of edible oil globally due to which it is cheaper to import edible oil than crush oilseeds locally,” said Sandeep Bajoria, CEO of Sunvin Group.
Edible oil imports have been constantly hitting new highs with domestic consumption rising coupled with cheaper international rates of edible oil. Crude palm oil is currently being imported at $650 a tonne and crude soybean oil at $840 a tonne. Indian prices of RBD palm oil price on Kandla port is currently at Rs 55,000 a tonne.
Last oil year, edible oil imports stood at 11.8 million tonnes, which was record imports and this year it is expected to go up to 12.3 million tonnes, which will also be at an all-time high. Domestic consumption of edible oil is rising two-to-three per cent every year.
“This year, around 700,000-700,500 tonnes of soybean is expected to be crushed compared to 1.1-1.2 million tonnes last year. This year, crushing has been impacted in quite adversely. Usually this time of the year, around 60 per cent of edible seeds is crushed but this year it is lower,” said Atul Chaturvedi, CEO of Adani Wilmar.
The sector has asked the government raise the import duty on crude palm oil to make the refining and fats business viable. Owing to a five per cent difference between crude and refined oil, the edible oil business has suffered immensely. Since the edible oil crushing and refining business offers disparity, large players are focusing on value-added segment, where business potential is quite high.
Solvent Extractors’ Association of India (SEA) has asked the government to raise import duty on crude vegetable oil to five per cent from 2.5 per cent currently and refined oil to 15 per cent from 7.5 per cent.

India Inc energizes itself with healthy fund raising in 2014India Inc energizes itself with healthy fund raising in 2014
Samie Modak | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 12:30 AM IST
Dalal Street’s most-favoured fund-raising instrument qualified institutional placements (QIPs), have staged a strong comeback in 2014. A sustained rally in the secondary market, robust  flows from abroad and drastic improvement in investor appetite towards equity offerings have helped India Inc raise record capital through QIPs this year. Fund raising through this route had taken a beating in the past three years due to volatile market conditions.
Companies have raised Rs 31,000 crore through QIPs so far this year, nearly four times more than the last year. A total of 29 QIPs were launched by companies to raise fresh capital as against 10 last year. Average fund raising through QIPs in the past three years was only Rs 5,400 crore.
Investment bankers said a positive outlook for equities and availability of capital provided a needed window for companies across sectors to fresh funds.
“QIP is the fastest way to raise money. We have seen outlook for the equity market move from pessimistic to optimistic in a very short span. This suddenly provided an opportunity to companies,” said Arun Kejriwal, director, Kejriwal Research and Investment Service. “Next year, too, we will see a lot of companies raising capital through this route.”
Market experts said companies have raised funds through this route for expansion of business or for refinancing debt. A few companies from beleaguered sectors like infrastructure and real estate have also been able to raise equity capital this year—something which was considered near-impossible last year.
Debt-laden Jaiprakash Associates managed to raise Rs 500 crore. Real estate firms Godrej Industries and Prestige Estates have raised nearly Rs 400 crore each. Sustained rally has increased investor interest towards such issuances. Last month, Gammon Infra and Sadbhav Engineering raised Rs 250 crore each.
The gain in share prices this year has helped. Share prices in most cases rose after the QIP issues provided a lot of comfort to investors to participate in these private placements,” said an investment banker, who didn’t wish to be quoted.
India’s benchmark BSE Sensex has gained over 30 per cent this year, while the broader BSE 500 Index has soared about 35 per cent, with every third stock in the index giving positive returns this year.
Foreign investors have pumped in around $17 billion into the stock market so far in 2014.
State Bank of India’s Rs 8,000-crore QIP in January this year was the biggest, followed by Rs 5,500 crore worth of QIP by private sector lender Axis Bank.
Bankers said lack of IPOs this year also favoured QIPs. So far in 2014, only five companies have come out with IPOs, which together have raised only Rs 1,200 crore.
“This year was full of QIPs. Next year could be a mix of IPOs and QIPs,” said the banker quoted above.

Gov Rajan says don`t ape China;Make For India more imp than Make in India. AgreeCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Mumbai police goes soft on Kapoor sistersMumbai police goes soft on Kapoor sisters?
Recommend
Link
21 days ago, TIMES NOW
Two years ago actor Saif Ali Khan found himself in the midst of a controversy after he was allegedly involved in a brawl at a popular Mumbai restaurant. When TIMES NOW accessed the CCTV footage of the incident, seen in the video are the Kapoor sisters. But why weren't Kareena and Karishma Kapoor questioned in this high profile case? This footage is raising questions if Mumbai Police is going soft on celebrities.
More on TIMES NOW:

Crude oil price tumbles below $62 as IEA predicts bleak futurePM Narendra Modi raises solar investment target to $100 bn by 2022
Oil fell $2 a barrel to plumb new five-year lows on Friday after the world’s energy watchdog forecast even lower prices on weaker  demand and higher supplies next year.
Benchmark Brent crude oil tumbled to below $62 a barrel and US crude slumped to under $58 to extend Thursday’s landmark fall below $60.
Surging crude inventories in the United States and top oil exporter Saudi Arabia’s reiteration that it will not cut production had roiled prices over the past two days despite data pointing to strong US economic recovery.
On Friday, the Paris-based International Energy Agency (IEA) which coordinates the energy policies of industrialised countries, cut its outlook for demand growth in 2015, triggering another collapse.
The IEA slashed its outlook for global oil demand growth for 2015 by 230,000 barrels per day to 900,000 bpd on expectations of lower fuel consumption in Russia and other oil-exporting countries.
It predicted that oil-producing nations outside of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries will add to global supplies. It also expected prices to fall further.
Brent was down $1.86 at $61.82 per barrel by 12:18 p.m. EST (1718 GMT), after falling to $61.35, its lowest since July 2009. US crude was down $2 at $57.95 per barrel, after touching a bottom at $57.34, its weakest since May 2009. Brent was headed for a near 11 per cent loss on the week and US crude about 13 per cent. In dollar terms, both markets were down more than $8 a barrel on the week.
The relentless slide pressured energy stocks and currencies exposed to crude exports while dousing  appetite for riskier assets and encouraging investors to seek safety in core government bonds.
Post Comments
More from economy

I dare Narendra Modi to arrest me  says Mamata BanerjeeAmit Shah
(Mamata has now called for…)
KOLKATA: The gloves are off in the political battle between ruling Trinamool Congress and BJP after CBI arrested Madan Mitra, Mamata Banerjee's Man Friday from her days as the state Youth Congress chief.
The probe agency had earlier arrested two of her MPs — Kunal Ghosh and Srinjoy Bose — but the importance of Mitra in the scheme of things was evident from the marathon press conference Mamata had on Friday evening just two hours after her transport minister was taken into custody by the CBI. "This is a dangerous, disastrous, and unconstitutional game," she said, adding, "I dare Narendra Modi and Amit Shah to arrest me."
Mamata has now called for a public show of strength against the arrest, exhorting supporters to hit the streets on Saturday to show moral support to Mitra. And for good measure, she added, "Tomorrow if I arrest a central minister what will they do?"
The scam came to light in 2013 after the collapse of a ponzi scheme run by the Saradha Group, a consortium of 200 private companies that was believed to be running collective investment schemes. As per reports, the Group had mobilised over `2000 crore from the public, most of whom belong to lower and lower-middle class. It is also alleged Mitra had directly campaigned for the company and urged people to deposit their savings with it.
The Left and BJP have already said Mitra's interrogation could lead the agency straight to the doors of Mamata Banerjee. Informed sources in CBI said senior party leader Mukul Roy was also in the CBI list of suspects as he had allegedly helped Saradha chief Sudipta Sen to flee from Kolkata last year. Mitra might throw some light on this issue before the CBI investigators.
BJP, dismissing Mamata's charges of the Centre using the probe agency to play "vendetta politics", is evidently encouraged by the goings on. "I feel that slowly, connecting the dots of the investigation, it is bound to lead to the chief minister's door," BJP in-charge for West Bengal, SN Singh, told ET.
"I don't expect her to take moral responsibility for this, but she should resign... The first suggestions of her involvement were made by an MP from TC, Kunal Ghosh, and not BJP. The strongest indicator of it was suggested when Sudipto Sen bought a painting by Mamata Banerjee at a price usually commanded by MF Hussain," he said.
  Mamata's another trusted minister Subrata Mukherjee has alleged it was Amit Shah who had instructed CBI to arrest Mitra. "Shah held a rally here on November 30 and during his visit to Kolkata, he had instructed CBI to arrest Mitra," Mukherjee said.
Mamata herself also referred to Shah without naming him. "India is now being run by those who were grilled by CBI and arrested for their involvement in many criminal cases. Look at these leaders, their faces indicate that they belong to under world and engaged in hatching conspiracy. These leaders are now conspiring to destroy the democratic fabric of our country," she said.
The CM is apprehensive about her party's performance in April civic polls following Mitra's arrest. She also referred to this and said: "What are you (BJP) thinking ? Do you think you will win the civic polls by playing Saradha and CBI cards ? I am telling that you will be no where after the civic polls."
Political circles here feel that Mamata has reasons to be afraid after CBI arrested Mitra and that is why she has was so serious in protecting Mitra. Mamata said: "CBI has arrested Mitra without informing anyone. Even the speaker of assembly was unaware about his arrest."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Saradha scam: Opposition demands interrogation of Mamata BanerjeeCBI
("We will now hit the streets…)
KOLKATA: The Opposition today came down heavily on West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee with the BJP demanding her resignation over the arrest of state transport minister Madan Mitra in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chitfund scam.
BJP national secretary Siddharth Nath Singh said the investigation was slowly leading to Banerjee's doorstep and Madan Mitra's arrest showed the TMC leadership was neck deep in the multi-crore scam.
"It is time for Mamata Banerjee to resign taking moral responsibility. Mitra's arrest shows that the TMC leadership is neck deep in the Saradha scam and the dots are leading to Mamata Banerjee's doorstep," Singh told PTI.
"While addressing a rally last year Mamata Banerjee had said is Kunal a thief, is Madan a thief, is Srinjoy a thief, is Mukul a thief, am I a thief? Now Kunal, Srinjoy and Madan are behind bars. It is Bhag Madan Bhag in 2014. It will be Bhag Mukul Bhag in 2015 and Bhag Mamata Bhag in 2016," Singh told a news channel later.
Leader of Opposition in the state Assembly Surjya Kanta Mishra demanded immediate interrogation of the Chief Minister including others in the Saradha scam.
"Mamata Banerjee should be quizzed immediately in the Saradha scam," Mishra, a CPI(M) Politburo member, said.
CPI(M) MP Mohammed Salim said, "Madan Mitra is not only a minister, but also a close aide of Mamata Banerjee. He was also a poster boy of the TMC in organising goons and youths for rallies."
"Now the people of Bengal are getting impatient. They want more culprits to be arrested in the Saradha scam. Saradha owner and TMC top leadership were operating as a joint venture in Bengal," he claimed.
With several sports clubs deciding to hit the streets against the arrest of Madan Mitra, BJP state president Rahul Sinha said the CBI should also look into the accounts of these clubs.
"It is well known that Saradha money was given to various clubs and when these clubs are hitting the streets against this latest arrest, then there is something wrong. CBI should look into their accounts too," he said.
Congress leader Abdul Mannan also demanded an explanation from Mamata Banerjee for Mitra's arrest and resign.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jolt for Mamata Banerjee Madan Mitra arrested in Saradha scamYou are here: Home > Collections > Cbi
Jolt for Mamata Banerjee? Madan Mitra arrested in Saradha ponzi scam
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 04.43PM IST
Tags:
CBI
(The special crime branch…)
KOLKATA: In an embarrassment to the ruling Trinamool Congress, West Bengal transport minister Madan Mitra was today arrested by CBI in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam.
Mitra was arrested in a case relating to Saradha Realty on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating, misappropriation of funds as well as deriving undue financial benefits from the Saradha Group, a CBI spokesman here said.
He was taken into custody after five hours of intense questioning at the Salt Lake CGO complex housing the CBI office.
The CBI also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipto Sen and Saradha Group on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case, he said.
Balodia had drafted the letter which Sudipto Sen had sent to the CBI, he said.
The CBI had earlier arrested two TMC MPs Kunal Ghosh and Srinjay Bose in connection with the Saradha scam .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pak officials in Lanka wanted 26/11 re-run in Bengaluru: NIAAmerican consulate
(The plan was to send the terrorists…)
NEW DELHI: Two Pakistani High Commission officials posted in Sri Lanka had conspired to send terrorists to India via the sea route, for an attack on the US consulate in Chennai and Israel mission in Bangalore in a re-run of the 26/11 Mumbai raid, the National Investigation Agency claimed in a charge-sheet.
The plan was to send the terrorists to a landing spot between Rameshwaram and Tuticorin in a rowing boat, the NIA said in its startling disclosure in the 28-page charge-sheet accessed by ET. The charge-sheet was prepared after the arrest and questioning of a Sri Lankan national, who the agency said was in India do the groundwork for the attack.
According to the agency, the two Pakistani officials - Amir Zubair Siddiqui who worked as counsellor (visa) and his superior whose identity is only known as 'Boss' - had tasked Sri Lankan national Muhammad Sakir Hussaien to come to India for reconnaissance of the American consulate in Chennai.
"Hussaien was told that planting bombs in American Consulate, Chennai, is code named as 'Wedding Project' and 'Wedding Hall' is the US Consulate (target)," the charge-sheet said. The terrorists will be "cooks" and the "bomb devices" they are carrying, "spice contents". Hussaien, who was arrested in Chennai in April, admitted to all charges and was convicted on November 27.
According to the NIA, Hussaien, who had many meetings with the two Pakistani officials in Sri Lanka, was told to take photographs covering deployment and movement of police at the US consulate and befriend "a second-level security personnel" from the consulate and introduce him to them (Siddiqui and Boss) so that they could get information about the movement of vehicles and officials for planning the attack.
FEATURED ARTICLES

At least 17 dead in Java landslideLast updated: December 14, 2014 7:20 am
At least 24 dead in Java landslide
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b4edeb4-82af-11e4-9d5f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Climate talks extended as negotiators fail to break logjamPM Narendra Modi raises solar investment target to $100 bn by 2022
Crucial UN climate talks ran into extra time as negotiators from more than 190 countries, including India, today struggled to break a deadlock between rich and developing countries to agree on a draft text of a new binding agreement to cut global carbon emissions.
The negotiators, who have been in the Peruvian capital for about two weeks, are grappling to prepare the elements of the draft due to the logjam between developing countries and industrialised nations that haggle over the formula of sharing the burden for cutting emissions, and who should pay.
Peruvian Environment Minister Manuel Pulgar-Vidal, who presides over the talks, was seemingly frustrated by the lack of progress and called for constructive exchanges.
Vadal said, “We don’t want to leave Lima with empty hands… We are in a time in which we should take decisions.”
“We are almost there. We just need to make a final effort. Finding a solution would be a way to show to the world that we are building this process step by step,” he said.
Parties were given 30 minutes to look over the five-page draft but after several countries demanded more time to review, the co-chairs decided reconvene at 1500 GMT.
The climate talks are aiming to establish the draft text of a new agreement that will be signed by all countries at the next major talks in Paris in 2015 and take effect by 2020.
India is demanding that the key issue of adaptation must be fully reflected in the new climate agreement and developed nations should give enough carbon space to developing nations to achieve sustainable growth.
A major concern of the co-chairs is that ministers have already left the conference and the negotiations are at a “crucial juncture.” The co-chairs have encouraged parties to “reach beyond the boards beyond your own group” in their review of the draft text.
The current draft of the text regarding the intended nationally determined contributions (INDCs) is mitigation- centric once again.
Developed countries were not ready to make financial or technology sharing commitments and so the financial portion of the current draft is weaker than previous versions.
There is also no reference to the loss and damage provision for which least developed countries and small island developing states had urged.
Also absent is any reference to common but differentiated responsibility or long term financial commitments.
Of particular interest to India is also the section on an ex-ante review process of the INDCs. The section indicates that “sovereignty” should be guarded and will apply only to “parties willing to do so”.
Post Comments
More from economy

Telangana Cabinet expansion onDec 16Telangana Cabinet expansion on Dec 16
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec. 13:  
Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao is going to expand his Cabinet on December 16. The Cabinet, which presently has 11 members excluding the Chief Minister, can have 18 Ministers in the Assembly that has 119 seats.
About 5-6 legislators might be inducted into the Cabinet. Thummala Nageshwara Rao, who quit Telugu Desam Party to join Telangana Rashtra Samiti, and Jupally Krishna Rao, are tipped to become Ministers. A legislator representing STs might also get a Cabinet berth.
The Chief Minister might allocate some unallocated ministries such as Industries, while ‘lessening’ the burden of some Ministries.  
The Chief Minister has met Governor E S L Narasimhan on Saturday reportedly to formally inform him about the plan to expand the Cabinet.
The new Ministers would take the oath at 11 a.m. on December 16 at the Raj Bhavan, a Government spokesperson said.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Distillery units on massive investment spree to raise capacityDistillery units on massive investment spree to raise capacity
Dilip Kumar Jha | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 09:03 PM IST
In a bid to increase distillation capacity to meet rising demand for rectified spirit from both ethanol and alcohol manufacturers, a number of independent units have decided to set up grain-based distillery units. Rectified spirit is a by-product obtained from crushing cane to manufacture sugar.
The Union environment ministry had cleared proposals for investment worth Rs 3,000 crore during 2013-14. These projects are set to come on stream in 30 months. Grain-based distillery units use maize and rice as raw material to produce premium quality potable alcohol.
Kolkata-based Pincon Spirit (PSL) had infused Rs 30 crore to support the overall expanded business volume in 2013-14. The company has enhanced bottling capacity to 200,000 cases a month from 50,000 cases a month in the previous year, in addition to doubling bottling capacity at its subsidiary to 60,000 cases a month versus 30,000 cases last year. PSL plans to place its India-made foreign liquor (IMFL) brands in different state within a short span. To support this expansion, the company is contemplating various funding routes.
"We are looking to grab the opportunity through acquisition of small units and expand their capacity through fresh capital infusion. We have initiated negotiations with Mysore Sales International, a Karnataka government undertaking, for supply of alcohol in addition to our strengthening position in West Bengal," said Arup Thakur, director (finance) at PSL.
Besides PSL, other distillers such as Nadhi Bioproducts and Gulshan Polyols are also setting new plants. While the former plans to set up a 60 kilo litre per day (klpd) plant at Mahbubnagar in Andhra Pradesh, the latter will set up a grain-based distillery unit at Chindwara in Madhya Pradesh.
The move to implement the biofuel programme, which entails five per cent mandatory blending of ethanol with petrol, is expected to result in a 1,000 million litre-deficit of alcohol, which be diverted to ethanol producers.
"In case the government makes 10 per cent ethanol blending with petrol mandatory, another 1,380 million-litre deficit would arise. These producers are anticipating the deficit two years down the line as plant construction time and have started preparations now," said Deepak Desai, chief consultant, ethanolindia.net, a leading consulting firm in ethanol.
Meanwhile, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) on Thursday raised ethanol prices by Rs 1.50-2 a litre to boost the blending programme.
"Looking at the circumstances ahead, we see bright future for both grain, and molasses-based IMFL producers ahead," said Desai.

Two years after Nirbhaya case women feel country has still not learnt a lessonTwo years after Nirbhaya case women feel country has still not learnt a lesson
Portland shooting: Man arrested in connection with shooting has ties withgangBy: Associated Press | Portland |
Posted: December 14, 2014 11:16 am
A 22-year-old man arrested in connection with a shooting outside an alternative high school in Portland had ties to a gang, as did two of the victims, police said Saturday.
Sgt. Pete Simpson said Lonzo Murphy is a “person of interest” in the Friday shooting, but officers aren’t prepared to say whether he was the gunman, Simpson said.
Authorities are trying to find two other people connected to the shooting near Rosemary Anderson High School. Three were hospitalized, including a 16-year-old girl who was critically wounded, and a fourth person was grazed by a bullet and treated at the scene.
Simpson says two male victims have ties to gangs. The victims are students or in affiliated job training programs, authorities say. “The nexus of it had to do with gang activity,” Simpson told reporters outside police headquarters. “The proximity to the school was happenstance, if you will. It doesn’t sound like it had anything to do directly with the school.”
Investigators received information that led them to look for Murphy, Simpson said. He was pulled over early Saturday and arrested on a parole violation
Officers found a handgun “consistent with what we were looking for related to this case,” Simpson but officers can’t say yet whether it was tied to the shooting.
After the arrest, investigators searched Murphy’s apartment, which is located five blocks from the shooting scene.
Police identified the hospitalized victims as Taylor Michelle Zimmers, 16, who was in critical condition on Friday; David Jackson-Liday, 20; and Labraye Franklin, 17.
Olyvia Batson, 17, was treated at the scene after a bullet grazed her foot.
Police have designated Jackson-Liday as a gang member, a formal process that requires officers to develop evidence and provide the alleged gang member an opportunity to appeal, Simpson said.
Franklin is known by officers to be affiliated with a gang but has not been designated a gang member, he said. Zimmers and Batson have no apparent gang affiliations, Simpson said.
Gang violence in Portland isn’t new. Some of the violence occurs between rival gangs, but bystanders have also been hurt.
Portland police have said they saw a spike in gang crime over the summer and have complained they don’t have adequate resources to address the problem.
A man died in a drive-by shooting in June and another man was killed in a separate shooting. A 5-year-old boy also was shot in the leg while playing at an apartment complex.

LIVE: Phase four of voting begins in Jharkhand and J&K; Jharkhand records over 13% polling till 9AMBy: Express News Service |
Posted: December 14, 2014 11:12 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 9:37 pm
Despite the cold weather, both Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir witnessed a decent turn outs in the fourth and the penultimate phase of the assembly elections. While Jammu and Kashmir saw 49% voting, the turnout in Jharkhand was 61%.
Women voters outnumbered men in the fourth phase of the assembly elections in Jharkhand. Around 61 percent balloting was reported from across the 15 constituencies that went to the polls, officials said.
“The highest polling was reported from Chankayari with 71.28 percent, followed by 70.2 percent in Madhupur. Polling was by and large peaceful. The turnout in Maoist-affected areas was more than 60 percent,” a poll official said.
Women voters scored over the male voters.
“In the fourth phase, women’s turnout was around two percent more than male voters,” an Election Commission official said.
Balloting for 15 of the 81 assembly constituencies began at 7 a.m. While voting for 13 seats ended at 3 p.m., it continued in Bokaro and Dhanbad till 5 p.m.
Voting took place at 5,482 booths, including 36 auxiliary ones.
As many as 716 booths were declared ‘very sensitive’ and 2,007 declared ‘sensitive’.
The Election Commission declared 183 polling stations as model polling stations. Webcasting facility was available in 335 polling stations and 27,410 polling personnel were deployed in the fourth phase.
A total of 43,48,709 voters, including 20,03,516 females, were eligible to elect their representatives.
The fate of 217 candidates, including 16 females, was sealed in the Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) by the end of balloting for the day.
Former chief minister Babulal Marandi contested from Giridih constituency.
Ministers Mannan Mallik of the Congress, Haji Hussain Ansari of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) and Suresh Paswan of the Rashtriya Janata Dal were among the other prominent candidates in this phase.
In the 2005 assembly polls, the Bharatiya Janata Party and its then alliance partner Janata Dal-United won seven of these 15 seats together. The JMM won four seats.
Defying separatists’ boycott call, the polling in the four districts–Srinagar, Anantnag, Shopian and Samba(Jammu region) was four per cent higher than that in the 2008 Assembly elections but it was lower compared to the average 71 per cent in the first two phases and 59 per cent in the third phase.
Although the polling was by and large peaceful in all the districts, several incidents of clashes between supporters of
rival political parties and alleged high handedness by two BJP candidates–Javed Ahmad Qadri(Shopian) and Hina Bhat (Amirakadal) were reported in the Valley.
“An estimated 49 per cent of over 14.73 lakh voters exercised their franchise in the penultimate phase of the five-phased assembly elections,” Chief Electoral Officer Umang Narula told reporters here.
The 18 assembly segments had recorded 45 per cent polling in the 2008 Assembly polls and 29 per cent in the Lok Sabha elections held earlier this year, he said.
Deputy Election Commissioner Vinod Zutshi told reporters in Delhi that barring a few stray incidents, polling in the

Mumbai Customs sets record: seizes 1000kg gold at CSIA in a calendaryearWritten by Anjali Lukose | Mumbai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 10:58 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 11:29 am
Mumbai Airport Customs officials have set a new record by seizing one tonne of gold in their interceptions at the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport (CSIA). With the “humble” catch of 700 gms of gold bars on Saturday, Customs officials have hauled up the highest amount of yellow metal seized at any airport in the country, in a calendar year.
On Saturday, officials caught passenger Meraj Shaikh with the gold bars worth Rs 18 lakh. Shaikh, who hails from Dongri, was travelling in an Indigo flight 6E 64 from Dubai. On suspicion, based on “profiling”, officials took Shaikh aside and checked his hand lugggage and found the gold bars.
“One tonne of gold is a good amount. My young team has risen to the occasion and shown that Mumbai Customs are a formidable force and tough to pass through. We get very little information and most of the arrests are through observation. I’m very proud of my team,” said APS Suri, Commissioner of Customs.
Customs officials celebrated their record seizure with a cake.
Over the past three years, gold seizures have risen steadily, said a Customs officer. The figures stood at 63 kg in 2012 and 346 kg in 2013. This year, Customs crossed 346 kg in July itself.
“This calendar year, we have seized gold worth approximately Rs 250 crores. We have seen an increase in smuggling since last October when a 10 per cent duty was imposed on gold,” said Milind Lanjewar, Additional Customs Commissioner, CSIA.
Earlier, gold was concealed in suitcases, television sets and electronics, which has now reduced because of “almost 100 per cent” screening of checked in bags. Then, ‘in person’ smuggling had increased, but door frame metal detectors made that difficult so now handover to domestic passengers or insiders is how smugglers do their business. This was evident when officials caught three insiders, all of whom have confessed to have helped smuggle multiple times, in the past three weeks. Thirteen insiders have been arrested in the past five months for attempting to smuggle gold at terminal T2.
The next target for Customs officials is seizing 1000kg gold seizures for the financial year 2013-14.
While the previous financial year saw seizures of 70 kg gold and 57 people arrested at the CSIA, from April to November 2014, Customs has seized 737kg gold and arrested 198 people.
However, this wish may be a little difficult as smuggling pattern will change with the government relaxing restrictions on gold imports, said Lanjewar.
The government in November removed restrictions on gold imports, scrapping the controversial 80:20 scheme that mandated traders to export 20% of all gold imported while retaining 80% for domestic use. The move is expected to cut smuggling and raise legal shipments into India, the world’s second-biggest consumer of the metal after China.

128  vanishing cos  traced; under govt s wat...You are here: Home > Collections > Companies
128 'vanishing companies' traced; under government's 'watch list'
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 11.21AM IST
Tags:
Corporate Affairs Ministry
(A total of 78 firms are currently…)
NEW DELHI: As many as 128 companies, which had vanished after raising funds from public, have been traced and are on the government's watch list, while another 32 such companies are undergoing a process of liquidation.
A total of 238 companies, which mobilised money via public issues, had been identified as "vanishing companies" by the government, as they stopped filing balance sheets with the regulators and were untraceable.
In a recent document, the government said that 128 out of the 238 "vanishing companies" were removed from this category and placed under a "watch list" after these firms started filing account statements.
Additionally, 32 firms are presently under the process of liquidation, it added.
With this, a total of 78 firms are currently placed under the category of 'vanishing'. These firms collectively raised more than Rs 310 crore from investors.
The Corporate Affairs Ministry has initiated action in case of these 78 'vanishing companies'.
"FIRs have been lodged against 78 such companies and their directors and to trace their whereabouts as well as to file cases against them under the provision of Indian Penal Code ( IPC )," the document said.
"Prosecutions have also been filed against these firms and their promoters/directors ... for non-filing of Statutory Returns and ... for mis-statement in prospectus/ fraudulently inducing persons to invest money/false statements made in the offer documents, etc," it added.
A number of steps have been taken by the government to protect investors from fraudulent activities.
These include a mandatory requirement for every existing or prospective directors to obtain a 'Director Identification Number (DIN)'.
DIN process requires detailed verification of particulars of a person so that traceability of the directors is ensured.
The provision makes it difficult for individuals promoting dubious companies to defraud investors by hiding or misrepresenting their identity.
In case of incorporation of a new company or change of address of an existing company, the government has also made it mandatory for professionals to verify details of the company and to personally visit their premises and certify that the premises are at the disposal of the company.
In such cases, proof of registered address has also been made mandatory to be furnished at the time of incorporation or change of registered office address.
Moreover, the government has issued instructions to the Registrar of Companies to scrutinise balance sheets and other records of the company who raise money through public issue and monitor the utilisation of such funds.
Besides, the government has taken various preemptive measures like sensitising people through investors awareness programmes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

View: Make in India can t be a policy  only ...`Make in India' can't be a policy, only an outcome
By Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar,  | 14 Dec, 2014, 10.38AM IST
0
Share More
The Doing Business report of the World Bank and IFC for 2015 places India at just 142nd of 189 countries surveyed in ease of doing business.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
Narendra Modi has come to power by promising rapid economic growth that delivers millions of jobs. To achieve this, Modi has devised a `Make in India' policy .
Launched with a blaze of publicity , it seeks to make India a manufacturing giant and attract global investors.
It aims to raise the share of manufacturing in GDP from the current 13-14% to 25%. Modi is envious of the rise of China as a manufacturing giant. India has lagged far behind for decades, and he naturally wants India to catch up.
Problem: for all the hoopla and cheering at various Modi meetings and summits, the growth of manufacturing in the July-September quarter was 0.1%. The growth of fixed investment, the foundation of future production, was virtually zero. Alas, people are not "making in India", and are not investing to make in the future either. Probably things will improve a bit in the next quarter: early trends suggest that manufacturing growth may go up to 2.5%. But remember that during the much-derided Nehruvian licence-permit raj, manufacturing used to grow at 4-5% per year! One industrialist who does not want to be quoted asks, "Why will foreigners come to invest here when Indians are not investing?" During his foreign visits, Modi urged global giants to Make in India. They replied politely that they will surely consider this, but such politeness must not be confused with serious intent. A US businessman said during Modi's US visit, "There's lots of sizzle, but where's the steak?" He's still waiting.
Modi must accept an elementary fact: `Make in India' can only be an outcome, not a policy . If he creates conditions in which all sorts of investment will thrive, the outcome will be a rush to produce in India, by both Indians and foreigners. If the conditions are not conducive, no amount of sloganeering will create a Make in India rush. In such conditions, attempts to force the share of manufacturing up to 25% will fail, exactly as Nehru-Indira policies failed in the licence-permit raj. So will additional tax breaks or subsidies for Special Economic Zones.
The government has produced a list of items currently imported, and wants to make them in India. This importsubstitution approach is reminiscent of Nehruvian days.
Modi is implementing the Congress idea of forcing public sector units to procure 20% of their supplies from MSMEs ( micro , small and medium enterprises ). This is a partial return of the old, failed reservation for small-scale industries. Quotas, reservations and subsidies do not square with Modi's promise of "minimum government, maximum governance".
The Doing Business report of the World Bank and IFC for 2015 places India at just 142nd of 189 countries surveyed in ease of doing business. India used to be 116th of 155 countries a decade earlier.
Has Modi's coming made a difference? Well, say businessmen, corruption is down a bit and file clearances are faster, but the big picture hasn't changed much. Land acquisition remains moribund, state-level clearances are slow even if central clearances are given, labour laws remain unchanged, infrastructure remains a big bottleneck, the electricity sector is bust, banks are reeling under bad debts, and the public-private partnership model is broken. We have seen modest increases in FDI limits in insurance and defence, and minor reductions in ministerial discretion and inspectors' powers. These barely touch the fringes of the rules and procedures strangling business.
The Doing Business report ranks India 184th in ease of getting a construction permit, 134th in getting electricity connections, 121st in registering property , 156th in paying taxes, 122nd in ease of foreign trade, 137th in resolving insolvency , and 186th in enforcing contracts. This is pathetic.Modi has shown little or no action on these fronts. Many of these issues fall within the states' jurisdiction, and Modi has neither the means nor inclination to impose tough reforms on the states.
Modi in his election campaign said the government should not be in business. But he has no plans to privatize anything, not even white elephants like Air India. At the ET Now conclave, energy minister Piyush Goyal said he was proud of Coal India , a company whose productivity is one-tenth that of the best Australian and American mines.If you cannot see the problem, can you solve it?
Make in India is being confused with Make in Coal India, Make in Air India, Make in MSMEs, Make in SEZs and so on. Even as the BJP castigates Nehru, it is adopting what look like neo-Nehruvian ideas. Instead, Modi should focus on making business as easy and honest as possible, avoiding artificial props, curbing inflation and fiscal deficits, ensuring a realistic exchange rate, and letting the market decide which sectors should flourish. Investors from everywhere will then rush in to Make in India.

Hundreds of extra British troops to be sent to Iraq to train local forces fighting IS: FallonHundreds of extra British troops to be sent to Iraq to train local forces fighting IS: Fallon
Jairam Ramesh joins UNEPs International Advisory BoardNew Delhi, December 14, 2014
Updated: December 14, 2014 11:54 IST
Jairam Ramesh joins UNEP’s International Advisory Board
PTI
environmental issues
Former Union minister Jairam Ramesh has been appointed as a member of a board which provides strategic policy advice to a key UN agency on environmentally-sound technologies for developing nations.
Ramesh said he has accepted the offer to serve as a member of the International Advisory Board (IAB) which gives strategic policy advice to the Executive Director of United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) on the programmatic direction of International Environmental Technology Centre (IETC).
The IETC, based in Osaka, Japan, was established with the mandate of providing support to developing countries in transition with environmentally-sound technologies.
In the short and medium term, IETC is focusing on support for waste management. According to the UNEP, with the current population and urbanisation growth and rapid depletion of natural resources, utilising waste as a key resource for sustainable development is imperative.
In this context, UNEP envisages a larger scope for IETC to make this contribution to the developing countries building on the existing knowledge, expertise and technology.
IAB membership will include senior policy and technical representatives from all the regions.
Mr. Ramesh was recently named to chair a global research platform panel on sustainable development instituted by an alliance of organisations such as UNEP, UNESCO and World Meteorological Organisation (WMO).
The inaugural Future Earth Engagement Committee is the flagship initiative of the Science and Technology Alliance for Global Sustainability (the Alliance).

President Undergoes AngioplastyPresident Undergoes Angioplasty
China s Baidu to invest up to $600 million in UberChina s Baidu to invest up to $600 million in Uber
Salman Khan tops Forbes  richest Indian celebrity list for 2014 with Rs 244.5cr earningsSalman Khan tops Forbes  richest Indian celebrity list for 2014 with Rs 244.5cr earnings
Bihar govt raises retirement age  allowance of Home GuardsIn a major decision, Bihar government today decided to raise the retirement age of Home Guards from the current 58 years to 60 years.
This will wcome with effect from December 1, 2014.
Bihar Home Secretary Amir Subhani said the decision in this regard was taken at a high-level meeting chaired by Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi. He also decided that the Home Guards will get a daily allowance of Rs 400 and Rs 50 as conveyance allowance while reporting for duty.
The decision will directly affect around 53,000 Home Guards in the state. They have been agitating for the last one week for their demands, and had given a strike call to press for them. They work as auxiliary support to the regular personnel of Bihar Police.
Subhani also said the state government has also decided that those Home Guards who have completed 20 years of service, including 10 years of working days, will be given a one time grant of Rs 1.5 lakh when they attain the age of 60.
Post Comments
More from personalfinance

Jammu and Kashmir polls: 10 per cent voters cast vote till 10AMBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 14, 2014 11:02 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 2:11 pm
Defying the boycott call by separatists and the chilly weather, people turned up in numbers to exercise their franchise in the fourth phase of elections in Jammu and Kashmir where over 24 per cent voters cast their vote till noon.
Voting across the four districts was by and large peaceful with no major untoward incident reported from anywhere so far.
“An estimated 24.58 per cent of over 14.73 electorate cast their ballot in the 18 constituencies spread over three districts of Kashmir including Srinagar and Samba district in Jammu region till noon” an official spokesman said.
He said Samba constituency recorded the highest turnout of 37.85 per cent in the first four hours, while Habbakadal constituency in Srinagar witnessed the lowest 10.58 per cent during the corresponding period.
Despite severe cold, long queues of voters were seen outside the polling stations to exercise their franchise at many polling stations.
The trends in voter turnout in eight constituencies of Srinagar city, which have witnessed low voter turnout in the past elections due to separatist boycott calls, pointed towards a higher poll percentage this time.
Sonawar constituency, where Chief Minister Omar Abdullah is contesting, witnessed the highest 23.51 turnout in Srinagar followed by Khanyar and Hazratbal constituencies at over 16 per cent.

DoD identifies SJVN  MOIL for disinvestmentCIL
(Govt is racing against time…)
NEW DELHI: The government has identified Satluj Jal Vidyut Nigam (SJVN) and manganese-ore miner MOIL as possible candidates for 10 per cent disinvestment in the current fiscal which could together fetch over Rs 1,200 crore to the exchequer.
"The disinvestment department has included 10 per cent stake sale each in SJVNL and MOIL for disinvestment in current fiscal," a government official told PTI.
A sale of 10 per cent stake or 37.22 crore shares of SJVN could fetch over Rs 890 crore. Besides, 10 per cent stake or 1.34 crore shares of MOIL could garner around Rs 400 crore at the current market price.
The government currently holds 89.97 per cent in SJVN and 80 per cent stake in MOIL.
SJVN and MOIL are among the 10 companies which have been cleared for disinvestment in the current fiscal.
Earlier this month, the government sold 5 per cent stake in steel major SAIL , which saw huge investor response with bids soaring two times the number of shares put on block. The sale raked in Rs 1,700 crore to the exchequer.
The government is racing against time to meet its disinvestment target of Rs 43,425 crore for this fiscal. It has lined up bluechip companies like ONGC and Coal India .
Also, NHPC , Power Finance Corp , Rural Electrification Corp and Container Corp are on the block.
FEATURED ARTICLES

EU hopes to seal free trade pact with India ...You are here: Home > Collections > Fta
European Union hopes to seal free trade pact with India next year
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 11.48AM IST
Tags:
Commerce and Industry Minister
("We are actually not very…)
MUMBAI: The Free Trade Agreement between India and the European Union is expected to materialise next year once the country finalises its new foreign trade policy, a top official has said.
"We are actually not very far from the agreement but we are not there yet. I am quite positive that next year or so it would be possible to finalise the free trade agreement," EU Ambassador Joao Cravinho told.
He said parties on both the sides are engaged in good political conversations and there has been a commitment from both the sides on finalising the FTA.
However, this is yet to be translated into actual progress in negotiations, Cravinho said on the sidelines of the 22nd annual general meeting of the Council of EU Chambers of Commerce here over the weekend.
"The Indian government has been a little slow; slower than we wanted to, in producing the new trade policy," the envoy said, but added that as the trade agreements last for as long as 15-20 years, a delay of a few months in policy formulation is not relevant.
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharman had in September said that the new five-year FTP would be different from the previous ones and hopefully announced soon. The policy is expected only from April next.
Earlier, the government had planned to introduce a new FTP immediately after the Budget in July but it has been delayed reportedly on account of some tax related issues between certain ministries.
"We expect that in the new year we will see a new trade policy. Once that happens, we will be able to sit down again and resume our negotiations," Cravinho added.
The EU is open for an asymmetrical agreement, he said, adding, however, that both sides must be agreeable for a little bit of give and take.
He pointed to the difference in taxation on cars imports from Europe as opposed to cars being exported.
Cravinho said: "We understand India's growth imperative and are keen to have a very positive interaction. And so the agreement will be asymmetrical. At the moment, tariff (on cars imported from Europe) is up to a 100 per cent, whereas the duty on car shipped to Europe is only 7-8 per cent."
He added: "We are not saying they have to be equal on both sides but they should be proportionate...taxation has to come down quite significantly."
India ships 2,00,000 cars to Europe each year while Europe exports about 40,000 cars to India, he said.
Cravinho said he is optimistic about growth in India, which is currently at a level well below its potential as an investment destination than many of its competitors.
"In my conversation with EU business leaders, and we share the optimism (on India), there is also very much a recognition that the environment for investment has not yet changed significantly. There has been some change but it is more of a psychological than substantive nature," he said.
The government needs to improve the investment climate further, leading to increased inflows that will help build the country's manufacturing capacity, he added.
Talking about the 'Make in India' initiative, Cravinho said it reflects the government's ambition and will also help the country enter the global value chain.
He also said the last year's ban by EU on India's Alphonso mangoes is likely to be lifted soon.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gems & jewellery  SME to come under  Make in...You are here: Home > Collections
Gems & jewellery, SME, 3 others to come under 'Make in India'
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 11.40AM IST
Tags:
Auto
(The government has identified…)
NEW DELHI: Government is likely to expand the scope of 'Make in India' programme by including five more sectors like gems and jewellery to boost growth in the manufacturing sector.
The government has identified 25 sectors, including pharmaceuticals, automobiles, textiles , aviation , mining , chemicals , which have potential to make India a leader in their respective fields.
"Five more sectors are expected to be added, including gems and jewellery and SMEs (small and medium enterprises). The aim is to boost manufacturing sector's growth and increase its share in the country's GDP," an official said.
In these sectors, substantial work would be done to identify growth drivers, investment opportunities, FDI policy, sectoral policies and specific reasons to invest.
The manufacturing sector now contributes about 16-17 per cent and the government aims to increase it to 25 per cent by 2022.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) has already announced a series of steps to improve ease of doing business in the country and boost manufacturing.
The DIPP has also set up an 8-member expert panel for quick redressal of grievances and queries of global and domestic investors.
Dashing hopes of recovery, industrial production contracted by 4.2 per cent in October, the sharpest decline in at least two years, on poor show by manufacturing sector and dip in the output of capital as well as consumer goods.
Manufacturing output, which constitutes over 75 per cent of the index, contracted by 7.6 per cent in October, compared to a dip of 1.3 per cent in the same month a year ago.
For April-October, the sector saw an output growth of 0.7 per cent, compared to a contraction 0.1 per cent in the year-ago period.
Overall, 16 of the 22 industry groups in manufacturing showed negative growth in October.
Modi had launched the ambitious 'Make in India' programme in September to attract overseas investments and make the country a global manufacturing hub.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Over 50% job aspirants unhappy with application processOver 50% job aspirants unhappy with application process
US Congress passes Russia sanctions  arms for UkraineUS Congress passes Russia sanctions  arms for Ukraine
What pleasure do you get by doing thisCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Granules has seen "sagging weakness exactly as posted earlier" to clos...Platinum Member
823 Followers
Granules has Seen "Sagging Weakness Exactly as Posted Earlier" to close Weak Below Important Supports at 732.80. The Scrip in the Past Days has Breached its Medium term Trends/Supports in the 749.50 Levels, which is Disturbing, and Spells Growing weakness for the Scrip. The Scrip is Likely to "Move on the Lower End of its Ranges, Allowing the Ranges to Move Lower" which may cause Strong Weakness in the Scrip. The Long term Trend/Supports is "Still distance Away at 551.30 for Monday, and Climbing Gradually, and the Need for "Spending time" for Varied Parameters to Catch Up will Cause Further Weakness in the Scrip. Closes Below 726.95 will Put the Scrip into 3 Months Lows, and Moves Towards 705.50 is On Cards. Current Patterns are Indicating "First Signs of "Stabilizations at 665.50 Levels" in the Days Ahead, Enabling closing of Minor Gaps Onway. There Seems to be Growing Possiblity "Of Panic LOWS in the 627 Levels in the WEEKS AHEAD".
FOR THE UPSIDE : CONCLUSIVE CLOSES ABOVE 752.50 will Start Slow Revivals. Granules India has "Very Good Potential for the Long Run, and Fresh Investors Intending to Invest may Stay on Sidelines, and Await Lower Levels before Contemplating Entry". The Current "Time Spending/Consolidations, Will Severly Test Investors Patience/Holding Capacity", and Give Oppurtunites for Market Makers to Gradually Recoup Shares Sold at higher Levels, and Fresh Oppurtunity to Investors "Not Invested in the Scrip" to Enter at lower Levels Very Slowly. Caution is Key, and Strong Volatility is On Cards, as Tussel of Direction Gains Ground. Wishes N Cheer.

R cap minimum downside risk and maximum upside potential at the...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Do you see navneet name in any of the wealth creation parameters. but ...Platinum Member
53 Followers
You do not have the gumption to accept that you are wrong and that is the reason you are suffering. You suggested wrong stock for  the wrong reason and trying to hide behind previous years performance. Markets are forward looking and the company which is backward looking is not on the portfolio of most investors. Who will given their vision their Corporate Governance standards and to round off their pathetic performance in the so called evergreen sector.
In reply to : jugaadiya message
11.58 AM Dec 12th 2014

Conservationist eaten alive by an anacondaConservationist 'Eaten Alive' by Snake on TV
Recommend
Link
27 days ago, Associated Press Videos
Snake researcher Paul Rosolie is doing everything he can to preserve the Amazon rain forest, including feeding himself to an anaconda in the upcoming TV special, "Eaten Alive." (Dec. 5)
More on Associated Press Videos:
Popular Videos

Express recipe: How to make Paneer Capsicum in less than 20 minutesWritten by Ashima Goyal Siraj | Angola |
Posted: December 12, 2014 11:09 am | Updated: December 29, 2014 5:56 pm
Paneer Capsicum is my “exotic in minutes’ recipe! Do you often get surprise guests for dinner at home? It happens here quite often and while there are times pizza delivery is the only option, I try to keep that to a minimum.
For times like those I have recipes like this one – under 20 minutes. Paneer or cottage cheese has always been a special occasion dish on any Indian dinner menu and while most preparations take a long time, this one gets done in a jiffy!
The red, green and yellow capsicum (bell peppers) give a nice juicy, sweet and crunchy texture that compliments the softness of cottage cheese. This one is bound to impress and believe me your guests will never know that this was a less than 20 mins job.
Paneer Capsicum/ Cottage cheese with capsicum
Preparation time: 5 mins| Cooking time: 10 mins| Serves 4 as a side
Ingredients
1 big red, yellow and green capsicum each
200 gms paneer

BSE SME listed firms  mkt value crosses Rs 10K cr markEarnings growth, policy, rate cut to shape market movement in 2015
The market valuation of companies listed on the BSE’s SME platform today crossed the landmark Rs 10,000 crore mark within two years of its launch.
Commenting on the achievement BSE MD & CEO, Ashishkumar Chauhan said: “Reaching market capitalisation of Rs 10,000 crore in listed BSE SME companies is a small but significant step for Indian capital markets.
“BSE is delighted to be of help to SME companies in raising the capital, creating wealth for various stake holders, bringing corporate governance and visibility and providing liquidity on the platform. MSME sector is one of the largest provider of jobs in India and engine of job creation.”
The BSE SME platform currently has 82 companies listed on its platform. Additionally, 16 more companies are at various stages of listing.
“Regulatory framework set up by regulator SEBI and policies by Ministry of Finance have helped create a conducive environment for SME companies to list on BSE SME platform,” Chauhan added.
India has a huge potential for SMEs and the success at BSE SME in less than 3 years of its setting up has opened up important avenues for high growth SME companies to raise funds for their growth from public, he said.
This also proves that Indian investors are willing to invest in right companies, however small, Chauhan noted.
Recently, the market cap of companies listed at the BSE crossed Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
BSE is the world’s largest stock exchange in terms of the numbers of companies listed on its platform which stands at 5,530.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

GST Bill to Miss its date with Winter Session;talks with states fail.2016 roll out a realityLike this Message. Repost it to millions of investors.
Guest
states will convinced by center without happening loss to states in the revenue front of their states stake provided by centre and also 3/4 of the states bjp and their allied led govmnts r ruling . so its nt a problem if not in thi session next session surely passed by both the houses
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
9.00 AM Dec 15th 2014

India will become  Congress free  soon: ShahPrint
New Delhi, Dec 12 (IANS) BJP president Amit Shah Friday said "the day was not far" when the country would become "Congress free" as the people want development and are thus voting for the BJP.
Speaking at Agenda Aaj Tak - 2014, Shah said the Congress party was slowly sinking into oblivion as suggested by the results of the recently concluded state election where the party got a major drubbing.
"In the 2014 general election, the people of India gave a clear mandate to BJP. In the 15 administration units in the country there is no Congress leadership neither is the leader of opposition in the parliament from Congress."
"Wherever election are being held, people are supporting the BJP and till 2019, thanks to Modiji's developmental work, the Congress will continue to bear heavy losses," said the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president.
"The day is not far when we will achieve our goal of Congress Mukt Bharat (Congress free India)," added Shah.
Recommend

Xiaomi vows to fight HC order to resume India salesXiaomi vows to fight High Court order to resume India sales
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 05.00AM IST
Tags:
Delhi High Court
(Hugo Barra, head of international…)
NEW DELHI: Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi says it will fully comply with the Delhi high Court order asking it to stop sales of its smatphones in the country, Manu Jain , head of the company's India operations, told ET. Xiaomi, the third largest smartphone maker in the world, had earlier suspended the upcoming flash sale of its Red Mi 1S and Red Mi Note smartphones.
"We have not been served the notice till now, but we know about the issue. If the court has asked us not to do it, we won't do it," Jain said referring to the high court order barring Xiaomi from selling, importing or advertising mobile phones in India until February 5, the next date of hearing. "We would want to be 100% compliant with Indian rules and regulations."
The order, which followed telecom equipment maker Ericsson's plea that Xiaomi was infringing on its patents, leaves its future flash sales and business prospects in ambiguity even as the fast growing smartphone maker is trying to work out legally to resolve this issue in a critical market for the company. "We will explore all options including legal options on what can be done. Our lawyers and legal teams are working on it but we don't know how this will proceed.
We will communicate and explain very openly to our users about what the order says, once we get it," Jain added. The Delhi High Court on Tuesday had asked Xiaomi and its exclusive partner Flipkart to stop selling and importing phones in India until February 5 on Ericsson's allegations that Xiaomi infringed eight of its registered standard essential patents.
Hugo Barra , head of international operations at Xiaomi, apologised to enthusiasts on Facebook on Thursday night while informing them about the company's decision to suspend sales. He added however, that the company 'firmly' intends to continue operations in India.
"We have been forced to suspend sales in India until further notice due to an order passed by the Delhi High Court. As a law abiding company, we are investigating the matter carefully and assessing our legal options," Barra said. He added that the company was doing all it can to revert the situation.
Xiaomi is selling Red Mi 1S and Red Mi Note in India via flash sales through e-commerce partner Flipkart.com and has received about 150,000 registrations for the Note. A Flipkart spokesperson said it was yet to receive official communication.
"We will work with Xiaomi and the authorities and cooperate with them wherever required," the spokesperson said. At present, pre-registrations for both devices have been closed and the next flash has been suspended.
As per the court order, seen by ET, the interim injunction effectively bars the company from manufacturing, assembling, importing, selling or advertising, including their third party website, any devices into India.
Both companies have also been asked to furnish details of quantum of devices sold by them till date in India that are 3G, EDGE compliant and the revenue earned from the sales of these devices. Xiaomi's top executives had told ET earlier that they intend to manufacture handsets in India within a couple of years, starting off with assembling devices locally.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xiaomi Global VP Hugo Barra s letter to Indian buyers over sales banXiaomi Global VP Hugo Barra's letter to Indian buyers over sales ban
By TOI Tech | 12 Dec, 2014, 12.04PM IST
The letter, posted on his personal Facebook page by Xiaomi's global vice president Hugo Barra, acknowledges the sales ban and says that the company is evaluating its legal options.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Xiaomi , whose surging sales have been put on hold by Delhi High Court , has responded to the sales ban with an open letter to Indian buyers.
The letter, posted on his personal Facebook page by Xiaomi's global vice president Hugo Barra , acknowledges the sales ban and says that the company is evaluating its legal options.
Below is the full text of Barra's letter:
Dear Mi fans,
We have been committed to continue our sales of Redmi Note and Redmi 1S devices in India. In the last 2 days alone, we received about 150,000 registrations for Redmi Note on Flipkart and the momentum has been terrific.
However, we have been forced to suspend sales in India until further notice due to an order passed by the Delhi High Court. As a law abiding company, we are investigating the matter carefully and assessing our legal options.
Our sincere apologies to all Indian Mi fans! Please rest assured that we're doing all we can to revert the situation. We have greatly enjoyed our journey with you in India over the last 5 months and we firmly intend to continue it!
Stay tuned for more information.
Hugo

Xiaomi may face major set back in overseas market: reportDelhi High Court
(The sudden ban may weigh…)
BEIJING: An Indian court which restrained the online sale of Xiaomi smartphones in India till February following a patent infringement petition from Ericsson could be a major setback for the Chinese company's "most important overseas market" and its globalisation plans, reports said today.
The sudden ban may weigh on Xiaomi's performance in its most important overseas market and its ambitious globalisation plans, a report in the state-run China Daily quoting industry insiders said.
The Delhi High Court in an interim order on Wednesday restrained Xiaomi as well as online e-commerce site Flipkart from selling in India handsets of the Chinese mobile maker that run on the technology patented by Ericsson. The court also restrained Xiaomi or its agents from making, assembling, importing or offering for sale its devices which are infringing the mobile phone technology patented by Ericsson.
"India is the top priority for Xiaomi's overseas strategy. It will try everything to maintain its sales operation in the country," James Yan Yan told the Daily adding that the company's Indian shipments could hit "several hundred thousand" units.
Stockholm-based Ericsson told another state-run daily Global Times in an e-mail response that it has taken legal action after over three years of attempts to engage in a licensing negotiation with Xiaomi a number of its products are "infringing our patents."
"It's unfair for Xiaomi to benefit from our substantial R&D investment without paying a reasonable licensee fee for our technology," the world's biggest wireless network equipment maker said, refusing to further detail the ongoing legal process.
Founded only four years ago, Xiaomi launched its first Android-based smartphone in 2011 and started sales in India as it expands business beyond China this year.
The company has reportedly sold over 800,000 smartphones including its popular Mi 3 and low-budget Red Mi 1S in the Indian market since July.
A report by Counterpoint Technology Market Research said in early November that Xiaomi became one of the world's fastest-growing phone brands in India in the third quarter of the year with a 1.5 per cent share of the market.
The overseas expansion has helped Xiaomi jump to No 3 in global shipments in the third quarter, following only Samsung and Apple, according to a US market research firm IDC's October report.
"India can be a new wonderland for the Chinese rising star thanks to the large number of price-sensitive consumers, but Ericsson's legal action will generate a setback to Xiaomi's development there," Xu Hao, an industry analyst with Beijing-based market research firm Analysys International told the daily.
Other analysts said that lack of more patents could affect Xiaomi's future growth in overseas markets.
Meanwhile, Chinese handset maker Xiaomi said it is investigating the matter carefully and assessing its legal options.
  In the past few months, Xiaomi has been facing major roadblocks in the Indian market.
In October, the Indian Air Force asked its personnel and their families to desist from using Chinese Xiaomi Redmi 1S phones as these are believed to be transferring data to their servers in China and could be a security risk.
Earlier this year too, security solutions provider F-Secure had, in a report, claimed that Xiaomi Redmi 1S phone was sending data, including the user's IMEI, phone number, and phone numbers of contacts added to the phone book to a remote server.
Since then, the company has announced migration of data of its international users (non-Chinese) to data centres in the US and Singapore.
The company is also exploring options of setting up a local data centre in India to benefit users in the country.
Xiaomi entered the Indian market in July this year with its Mi 3 smartphone in partnership with e-commerce major Flipkart.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Value investing: Top 10 stocks based on Graham-Buffet methodology(The expectation is that…)
By Dr Vikas V Gupta
In a previous article, 'Want to ride the bull market? Here's how you can do by Graham-and-Buffett way', we received a lot of requests to suggest specific stock picks. People new to value investing also wonder whether any well-known stock will be available after such stringent screening steps on low risk and low valuations.
Typically, the expectation is that if you are looking for low risk and high quality, then you have to be ready to pay high valuations or if you want 'cheap stocks', i.e. low price multiples, then one has to contend with low-quality, high-risk companies. And the question uppermost in everyone's mind is: "What kind of returns should one expect with this kind of a strategy?". In short, what kind of returns are 'satisfactory returns' as Graham would say?
As in any investing strategy that we undertake for further research, we first pass it through a qualitative test of consistency with the value investing philosophy and principles. We think that a recap of the strategy will satisfy anyone as to its soundness and consistency.
As a brief recap, we put down here the prior-suggested methodology:
Step 1: Filter out all companies with sales less than Rs 250 cr. Companies with sales lower than this are very small companies and might not have the business stability and access to finance that is required for a safe investment. This eliminates the basic business risk.
Step 2: Filter out all companies with debt to equity greater than 30%. Companies with low leverage are safer.
Step 3: Filter out all companies with interest coverage ratio of less than 4. Companies with high interest coverage ratio have a highly reduced bankruptcy risk.
Step 4: Filter out all companies with ROE less than 15% since they are earning less than their cost of capital. High ROE companies have a robust business model, which generates increased earnings for the company typically.
Step 5: Filter out all companies with PE ratio greater than 25 since they are too expensive even for a high-quality company. This enables us to pick companies which are relatively cheaper as against their actual value.
Applying these filters enables us to reduce and even eliminate a lot of fundamental risks while ensuring a robust business model, strong earning potential and a good buying price. This is a structured strategy and can be applied by each and every one to ensure basic hygiene in the companies you can think of potentially investing in.
We applied the strategy starting 15 January, 2003 (data before that is not very reliable) on 4,600 companies. We downloaded the relevant data on these companies from Reuters and started applying the filters one by one.
Since we were going back in time to January 2003, we started with a reduced sales filter since inflation has been rampant over the years. However, without precisely accounting for inflation, but rather approximately accounting for it, we started out with an Rs 85-crore sales as the cut-off for the first year in sales. This was increased by Rs 15 crore every year and so for the current year it is Rs 250 crore.
Further, we used a slightly more stringent criteria of ROE greater than 20% and PE less than 20.
  The number of companies for each year varied significantly with the range being 39 companies to as high as 126 companies. The average number of companies in a particular year was 77. We assumed that the capital would be invested equally in all the companies that pass the filters.
Application of our methodology exhaustively on historical data revealed strong returns. On comparing the annual returns of the strategy vis-a-vis BSE 500 and Nifty TRI, the strategy outperforms the index more than 70% of the times (with respect to the BSE 500).
Digging deeper into the returns analysis, we can easily identify the contrarian nature of the methodology as well: for the 1-year periods ending 14-Jan-05 and 15-Jan-14, when market improvement was flat to single digit, our structured strategy yielded relatively robust returns (22.3% and 12.9%, respectively).
To furthermore test the effectiveness of the strategy, we started with a capital of Rs 1 lakh on 15th January, 2003 and allocated the money equally in all companies after applying the filters.
15th January was chosen because we wanted to capture the movement in the entire year, and investor activity typically takes about 2 weeks to resume after the holiday season. We rebalanced the portfolio each year and allocated the money equally in the new stocks.
Cumulatively, the strategy delivered astounding returns with a CAGR of 29.1% and the money growing 20 times in 11 years! The Rs 1 lakh invested on 15th January, 2003 had grown to Rs 20,20,000 in 11 years.
In comparison, if the money had been invested in the BSE 500 index, it would have grown to just Rs 8,97,000 with a CAGR of 20.4% and in Nifty TRI, it would have grown to Rs 9,11,000 with a CAGR of 20.6%.

Publish international market prices of export goods in Shipping Bills  suggests SITSIT makes suggestions to curb under- and over-invoicing of goods traded
New Delhi, Dec 13:  
The Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money has come up with a novel suggestion to clamp down on over-invoicing or under-invoicing of goods traded by the country.
Every shipping bill/Bill of Export should have a specific entry mentioning the international market price of the goods/machineries sought to be exported, SIT said in its second report submitted to the Supreme Court few days back.
Such a move would help control the malady of black money and prevent them from getting stashed abroad, according to SIT. This suggestion is under consideration of the Modi-led Government and is likely to be implemented within short time.
The second SIT report has highlighted that mis-invoicing can be controlled if there is proper vigilance by the Customs department.
Nowadays, international prices of various goods/machineries are available on computers at any point of time, SIT report pointed out.
To control black money, SIT has also made a case for acceptance of the Data Analysis & Research for Trade Transparency System adopted by USA.
This would control over/under invoicing to some extent, SIT said.
SIT has also called for a institutional mechanism through a dedicated set up to examine mismatch between export/import data with corresponding import/export data of other countries on at least a quarterly, if not a monthly basis.
FEMA LAW CHANGE
SIT has suggested a change in foreign exchange management (FEMA) law to get over the difficulty of confiscation of any property held abroad in the case of those who had violated this law.
The FEMA should be amended to provide for seizure and confiscation of property of equivalent value within the country, if it is held that property held abroad was in violation of this law.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had recently told the Lok Sabha that certain gaps existed in the Indian laws that made it difficult for authorities here to make recoveries from those who had stashed money abroad.
He had then said that SIT was looking into this matter and that Government was awaiting recommendations on this front.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

At no point did we back off  says Virat KohliBy: Reuters | Adelaide |
Posted: December 13, 2014 4:17 pm
Stand-in India captain Virat Kohli has no regrets that his side lost the first Test to Australia on Saturday after risking everything to try and snatch an unlikely win.
Set a daunting target of 364 on the final day, India spurned the chance to play safe and salvage a draw when they went for it, only to come up short when their lower-order batting collapsed in the final session.
For Kohli, who led India’s assault with a brilliant century, the 48-run loss was a bittersweet result but the batsman praised his team mates for throwing caution to the wind.
“I’m really proud of the way the boys played,” Kohli told a news conference.
“At no point did we back off. And we are not going to back off either. If at any stage that we had in mind that we might play for a draw, we would have lost by 150 runs, to be honest.
“So we went for it. That is what I am happy about.”
Kohli, who filled in as skipper for the first time after regular skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni withdrew because of injury, led by example with a couple of classic captain’s knocks.
He scored centuries in each innings, including a career-best 141 on Saturday before he was caught in the deep, effectively ending India’s chances of winning.
“I went for my shot. I don’t have any regrets,” he said.
“I could have placed it better. Had it gone for a boundary, things could have been different. But those are big ifs.
“I was just reacting to watching the ball and being positive… playing on instinct.”
Despite losing the match, Kohli also impressed with his captaincy but said he has no designs on taking over from Dhoni, who will be back in place when the second Test starts in Brisbane next week.
“I would be very happy that he is going to be fit and available,” Kohli said. “It doesn’t matter if I have the ‘c’ in front of my name or not. That doesn’t change anything as far as my mindset is concerned.
“I have enough friendship and enough respect between the team that I can go and speak to them every now and then and keep them on the same page.
“That is my responsibility, that is something I will look to do even if I’m not captain.”

Six talking points from the final day s play of the Adelaide TestWritten by Durgesh Haridas |
Posted: December 13, 2014 6:21 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 7:02 pm
The match result reads- Australia beat India by 48 runs, Nathan Lyon 12/286. But that only tells one half of the story. The two centuries from Virat Kohli, the half-centuries from Murali Vijay and some decent batting from Rahane and Pujara in the first innings were one of the many of the positives that India can take from his match. Virat’s captaincy and his demeanor on the field is another major take away. Let’s take a look at other talking points after the Adelaide Test match.
Dhawan’s Poor form: Michael Clarke declared overnight with Australia leading by 363 runs and the Indian openers had their task cut out. Much was expected from Shikhar Dhawan. He has looked scrappy and was getting squared up by the Aussie quicks pretty easily. He was tentative and more circumspect in his approach, he was unlucky when a rising Johnson delivery took a slight deflection off his shoulder and South African umpire Marais Erasmus adjudged  him caught behind. He didn’t have the best of tours in England and may not have too many outings in the middle to prove himself if he can’t get some runs under his belt pretty soon.
Murali Vijay: The man fondly called Monk by his teammates has been the steadying force at the top of the innings for India. After the largely successful series in England, he has worked very hard on perfecting his technique against the swing and bounce outside subcontinent wickets. But the Chennai man has had some trouble in converting his 90s to 100s. He now has three scores in the nineties outside India- 97 at Durban, 95 at Lord’s and now a 99 at Adelaide. Vijay had a 185-run partnership with Virat Kohli after the early departure of Pujara and Dhawan.
Rahane’s wicket: Again some bad umpiring came to haunt India as Rahane was given out caught off Nathan Lyon while the replays suggested that there was no bat involved. This raised the touchy issue of DRS again, is the BCCI’s decision to not use the system costing the team some important, perhaps match changing wickets?
Rohit Sharma’s batting:  Rohit silenced his critics when he scored a record-breaking 264 in an ODI at the Eden Gardens not long ago. The Mumbai batsman has looked nowhere near his true self so far. The manner in which he got out on Saturday was quite appalling, taking a big front foot stride to a Nathan Lyon off-break, offering the face of the bat at an angle. Normally a fantastic player of spin and short pitched bowling, Rohit attempted to sweep Nathan Lyon to negate the turn but looked far continued…

Meru to check drivers  Aadhaar every time you book a rideMeru to check drivers' Aadhaar every time you book a ride
Digbijay Mishra | New Delhi Dec 14, 2014 12:02 AM IST
Radio taxi service provider Meru Cabs is planning to put in place the next level of driver verification, one liked to biometric identification tool Aadhaar. This follows the alleged rape of a woman passenger who had booked a cab through the Uber mobile app, by the driver, and the subsequent ban of all app-based taxi services across states.
In introducing Aadhaar-linked verification, Meru might get the first-mover advantage in the absence of app-based services Uber, Ola Cabs and TaxiForSure. However, other radio taxi companies are likely to join the bandwagon soon. For the plan to be put in place, all cabs will require a biometric system to verify the identity of drivers.
In fact, Meru, the India Value Fund Advisors-controlled taxi service provider, has completed a trial run of the Aadhaar-linked verification process, with help from Sanjay Jain, a key architect of the Aadhaar card. Jain is also on the board of Meru Cabs, run by Meru Cab Company.
Siddhartha Pahwa, chief executive of Meru Cabs, told Business Standard the move was aimed at assuring travellers that safety and a quality ride were the company’s priorities. The company was scheduled to unveil the technology in March next year, but it has now been decided to do it sooner, following the sector coming under attack for lapses in the background check of drivers.
Recently, Vinod Khosla, a Silicon Valley billionaire, had suggested Aadhaar and police verification of cab drivers be combined to ensure stronger security measures. The Centre, too, has been actively advocating the use of Aadhaar for driver verification.
“Aadhaar-linked security is the next level for paramount security. The driver will not be able to start a journey without punching his Aadhaar details. If the data don’t match ours, we will immediately swing into action and the driver won’t be able to start the journey,” Pahwa said.
"What has happened (the recent alleged rape) is very unfortunate and justice should be given to the victim without delay, but this business is not just about technology; there is a lot of involvement with people. While background checks will have to be meticulous, all stakeholders will have to discuss and iron out existing issues," Pahwa said. The debate, he added, shouldn't be about radio taxis, app-based services, etc, but about safety of the people.
Meru Cabs has a fleet of about 10,000 cars, half of which are owned by the company.
Pahwa says largely, drivers in major cities are migrants and, therefore, some of them could take long to absorb exposure to a new lifestyle. "So, we had a session with about 15,000 drivers, including those who were not working with Meru, to educate them. This is a service industry and integrity is crucial," he said.
Global investors see potential in the radio taxi market, with several cab companies raising substantial funds of late, including Uber (globally) and Ola (in India). Ola raised $280 million in four rounds of funding, including from Japan's SoftBank, also an investor in Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba.
India's taxi service market comprises 600,000 cabs and has annual revenue of about Rs 11,000 crore. According to Valoriser Consultants, the sector has been growing 20 per cent a year.
THE NEXT LEVEL
Meru Cabs plans to launch Aadhaar-linked security check soon
It will be the first company to do so, amid rising concern over the safety of passengers
The move will help the company, with a fleet of about 10,000 cars to corner market share
Sanjay Jain, key architect of the Aadhaar card and a member of the Meru board, contributed to this technology
If biometric details of the driver don’t match with those registered, he won’t be able to start the journey
India's current taxi market comprises 600,000 cabs and accounts for annual revenue of about Rs 11,000 crore

Oil India Signs Deal for Myanmar BlocksYou are here: Home Corporates
Oil India Signs Contract for 2 Myanmar Blocks
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 13, 2014 20:24 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
New Delhi: Oil India Ltd, the second largest state explorer, has signed a contract for two offshore oil and gas blocks it had bagged in Myanmar.
OIL along with its consortium partners signed the production sharing contract (PSC) with Myanma Oil and Gas Enterprise (MOGE) for two offshore blocks M4 and YEB at Nay Pyi Taw, the company said in a statement here on Saturday.
Oil India-led consortium won these blocks under Myanmar offshore bidding round 2013 which was launched on April 11, last year.
A total of 30 blocks (11 shallow water and 19 deepsea) were put on offer in this bidding round. OIL and partners bid for three offshore blocks M-4, M-8 and YEB and won two of them.
OIL is the operator with 60 per cent interest in both the blocks. Other consortium partners are Mercator Petroleum Ltd (25 per cent), Oilmax Energy Pvt Ltd (10 per cent), and Oil Star Management Services Co Ltd, a local company of Myanmar with a 5 per cent stake.
Block M-4 with an area of 4008 square miles in water depth of less than 600 feet is located in Moattama Basin, while other block YEB with an area of 8223 sq miles in water depth of less than 600 feet is located in Thanintharyi Basin. 
Story first published on: December 13, 2014 16:05 (IST)

Pakistan beat India 4-3 in Champions Trophy semi-finalBy: Press Trust of India | Bhubaneshwar |
Posted: December 13, 2014 9:56 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 10:52 am
A misfiring India squandered a golden opportunity to create history as they went down 3-4 against arch-rivals Pakistan in a high-voltage semifinal of the Hero Champions Trophy hockey tournament, here today.
Muhammad Arslan Qadir (17th minute, 59th) turned out to be the hero for Pakistan as he scored the winner just one
minute from full time.
Pakistan’s other scorers were Muhammad Waqas (32nd) and Muhammad Irfan (44th), while India’s struck through Gurjinder Singh (12), Dharamvir Singh (38) and Nikkin Thimmaiah (44).
Pakistani players celebrated their victory by hurling indecent and obscene gestures towards the crowds and Indian
media and were promptly rebuked by coach Shahnaz Shiekh.
It was a good chance for India to register their best-ever performance in the history of Champions Trophy but
they couldn’t achieve the feat and buckled under pressure.
India’s best-ever showing in the Champions Trophy is a bronze medal in 1982 edition of the tournament in Amstelveen, the Netherlands.
India wasted chances galore which cost them dearly. The Indians created opportunities but Sardar Singh, Nikkin, SV
Sunil and Ramandeep Singh all misfired on numerous occasions from clear opening.
India looked nervous at the beginning which showed in their performance. The Indians were sloppy as they kept losing the ball frequently. Rupinder Pal Singh looked off colour at the back.
Pakistan, on the other hand, looked more organised and kept pressurising the Indian defence.
Rupinder was out-of-sorts at least in the first half as he kept losing the ball frequently and from one such occasion Pakistan created the first real scoring chance of the match in the sixth, but an alert Indian goalie P R Sreejesh came to his side’s rescue with a fine save to deny Muhammad Dilbar.
Minutes later, Pakistan again looked threatening but Umar Bhutta’s deflection from Shafqat Rasool’s cross went just wide of the goal.
But it was India which took the lead against the run of play scoring from their first chance.
The Indians earned their first penalty corner and Gurjinder Singh made no mistake in blasting the ball into the left corner of the Pakistan net with a powerful flick.
Pakistan went for referral but their appeal was disallowed.
Pakistan then won their first short corner soon but wasted the chance in search of a variation before Sreejesh blocked Shakeel Ahmed Butt’s slap shot.
Gurbaj Singh’s 10 minute suspension for a yellow card hurt India badly as it created open spaces in the Indian defence, resulting in Pakistan’s equaliser.
Muham mad Arsalan Qadir caught the Indian defence off guard and neatly deflected home Butt’s cross to draw parity for Pakistan.
India got a golden chance to restore their lead soon but Rupinder’s try from their second penalty corner was easily
kept out by Pakistan goalkeeper Imran Butt.
Sunil created another chance before the break with his blazing run past a hoard of Pakistani defenders. He then set it up for Nikkin who took too much time and finally shot the ball wide as both the teams went into the breather locked 1-1.

Kerala Blasters stun Chennaiyin FC in first leg of semifinalBy: Press Trust of India | Kochi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 9:43 pm
Kerala Blasters pumped in two goals in the space of two minutes in the first session to thrash Chennaiyin FC 3-0 in the first leg of the first semifinal of the Hero Indian Super League football tournament in Kochi on Saturday.
Cheered by over 60,000 crowd at the Jawaharlal Stadium, Kerala, who barely scrapped through to the semifinals as the fourth-placed team in the league phase, turned the form book into its head to outplay the Chennai side.
Ishfaq Ahmed (27th minute), captain Iain Hume (29th) and Sushanth Mathew (90+4) got the goals for Kerala, with their team co-owner and cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar watching the match at the stands.
Kerala, the least attacking side among the eight teams in the tournament with just nine goals from 14 league games,
found the target when it mattered the most. They relied on their defensive solidity in the initial few minutes before
their forwards delivered the goals.
Both teams started attacking from the word go but it was the home side who got the breakthrough with two quick goals.
Chennaiyin FC too had their chances in the first half but Jeje Lalpekhlua and Balwant Singh lacked finesse in the finishing touch.
Sandy Nandi started at the Chennaiyin goal as manager-cum-goalie David James was banned from the sidelines in the last match. Tournament’s highest goal scorer Elano Blumer of Brazil returned for Chennaiyin after an injury break but he largely disappointed and was replaced by Bruno Pelissari in the 52nd minute.
The packed crowd at the stadium was brought onto their feet in the 26th minute when Jamie McAllister headed the ball home only to be ruled off-side.
But, the home supporters did not have to wait for long as in the next minute Ishfaq sent a rasping shot from inside the Chennaiyin box after being sent in the clear by Victor Herrero Forcada.
Two minutes later, Kerala doubled their lead with Hume’s first-time shot from a Stephen Pearson build-up found the
Chennaiyin net.
Chennaiyin pressed hard in the second session but Kerala defence stood tall and the home side added another goal through Mathew in the injury added time to emerge 3-0 winners.
The second leg of the semifinals will be played in Chennai on December 16.

Devyani lobbies colleagues  asks for focus on caseNEW DELHI, December 13, 2014
Updated: December 14, 2014 02:19 IST
Devyani lobbies colleagues, asks for focus on case
Suhasini Haidar
Indian Foreign Service officer Devyani Khobragade. File photo
TOPICS
diplomacy
Diplomat wants case in the U.S. to be resolved “politically,” in touch with PMO
A year after her arrest brought India-U.S. ties to a standstill, Indian Foreign Service officer Devyani Khobragade has appealed to her colleagues to help in having the case against her in the U.S. resolved politically. In a 2,000-word e-mail to the IFS community on December 12, she has criticised the fact that the “focus has shifted away from how we could or should take the U.S. incident to its logical conclusion, and instead turned toward me.” In the e-mail, a copy of which is with The Hindu, Ms. Khobragade appeals to serving IFS members and senior (retired) diplomats to support her. Ms. Khobragade says the case must “be included into the political dialogue” between India and the U.S. Indicating that she has been in touch with the PMO, Ms. Khobragade continues, “I have tried to request the Political Executive in India to bring my situation to the attention of DoJ (U.S. Department of Justice) through a political directive, but as I understand, the PMO defers to the External Affairs Ministry on this matter.”
Support for Devyani peters out
The e-mail sent by Devyani Khobragade to the fellow IFS community and her statements to the media take a special significance ahead of President Barack Obama’s visit to India in January.
External Affairs Ministry officials would not confirm whether the issue would be taken up during the bilateral dialogue, but in May, Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh had told a television channel that it was “indeed” time to move on. “It is not as if [the Khobragade issue] is an insurmountable issue that is standing in the way of our relations developing in all other directions,” Ms. Singh said.
While the case, especially the manner of Ms. Khobragade’s arrest and “strip-search” had led to a virtual breakdown of Indo-U.S. ties, and even led to the withdrawal of then U.S. Ambassador Nancy Powell, the last few months have seen an upsurge in relations between the two countries. Many IFS officers who had been outraged at Ms. Khobragade’s arrest, and the U.S.’s disregard of her diplomatic immunity a year ago, say they do not support her cause to have the Prime Minister or the “political executive” take up the case now.
“PM Modi has not taken up his own visa ban with President Obama, and has taken a larger view of India-U.S. relations. So why should he put this case ahead of India’s bilateral relations,” asked a retired diplomat who received the e-mail.
Meanwhile, The Hindu has learnt that the report against Ms. Khobragade is being finalised, nine months after the External Affairs Ministry’s Cypher, NGO and Vigilance (CNV) section’s internal inquiry department first sent her a notice on the U.S. passport issue. Sources confirmed that until the vigilance process was completed, Ms. Khobragade, who is currently serving as a Director in the Development Partnership Administration Department, could not be posted anywhere. Adding to the case against her, the committee headed by the joint secretary in the CNV section is looking into the interviews given by Ms. Khobragade in recent weeks for any violation of service rules.
‘Silence misconstrued’
Speaking to The Hindu, Ms. Khobragade refused to confirm the inquiry against her, but defended her decision to speak to the media. “I feel my silence has been misconstrued. I had refrained from speaking earlier as I didn’t want to add to the confusion. But instead my silence has been used to spread misinformation about me,” she said in a telephone interview.
On her decision to keep dual passports for her daughters, who are in school in New Delhi, Ms. Khobragade said, “I have no love for the U.S. passports. On the contrary, it was my desire to keep the Indian passports for my children that has got me into all this trouble today.”

CPI inflation to remain above 7 per cent till Q2 of FY16: RBIPM Narendra Modi raises solar investment target to $100 bn by 2022
While India Inc and borrowers are eagerly waiting for the much-anticipated rate cut, a Reserve Bank of India survey has said the core CPI (consumer price index) inflation, excluding the food and fuel component, is expected to remain sticky till the second quarter of 2015-16.
“The headline CPI inflation is forecasted to remain above 7 per cent till the second quarter of FY16. Headline CPI inflation is expected to increase to 8 per cent during Q4 of 2014-15 and is then likely to decline to 7.4 per cent in Q2 of 2015-16,” the RBI’s Survey of Professional Forecasters has said.
CPI inflation declined to 4.38 per cent in November and bond yields fell below 8 per cent recently amid expectations of a rate cut.
The survey started collecting the forecasters expectations on medium and long-term CPI headline inflation from the December 2013 round.
During this five round, both 5-year and 10-year annual average CPI inflation expectations have declined. The consumer price inflation expectation has mostly remained higher than the WPI inflation expectation.
The forecast of 5-year annual average CPI inflation was at 7.8 per cent in the December 2013 round and subsequently reduced to 7 per cent in the May 2014 round.
The forecasters further cut down their medium term inflation expectation by 50 basis points to 6.5 per cent in the September 2014 round, said the survey which was released by the RBI last week.
For the September 2014 round, both the median and the first quartile were same at 6.5 per cent, suggesting that majority of the forecasters are expecting the medium term CPI inflation at around 6.5 per cent. In the with the medium term CPI inflation expectation, the long-term 10-year inflation expectation also declined during the five surveys conducted from December 2013 to September 2014.
The long-term inflation expectation which was at 7 per cent in the December 2013 round was reduced to 6.5 per cent in the May 2014 round and further to 6.0 per cent in the July 2014 round, the RBI survey said.
In his post-policy meeting with media, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had said there is still some uncertainty about the evolution of base effects in inflation, the strength of the on-going disinflationary impulses, the pace of change of the public’s inflationary expectations, as well as the success of the government’s efforts to hit deficit targets. “A change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature,” he had said. “However, if the current inflation momentum continues, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary stance is likely early next year including outside the policy reviews cycle,” he had added.
The RBI has been saying it wants to get more certainty about the pace of the disinflationary processes and get a little more sense of some developments on the fiscal front, etc. As of now, this is why the RBI stance remains unchanged.
“We are well set at this point but as the information comes in, our sense is that if it goes according to expectations, it will be towards monetary accommodation, the stronger the information the sooner the accommodation,” he had said.
Post Comments
More from economy

20 dead  88 missing in Indonesian landslide20 dead  88 missing in Indonesian landslide
Live: PM Modi addresses nation on  Mann Ki Baatmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Pending rape cases: High Court chief justices urged to set up fast track courts9
0
New Delhi: The Centre has urged chief justices of high courts to set up fast track courts to deal with pending rape cases and monitor their progress.
Since setting up of fast track courts is the responsibility of the state government, the Centre has also urged the chief ministers to provide financial support to the high courts for the purpose.
In a letter to the Chief Justices of the 24 high courts, the Centre has requested them to constitute fast track courts for speedy trial of pending rape cases in district and subordinate courts having a high pendency of such cases. They have also been requested to monitor the progress of these cases.
The Centre has urged chief justices of high courts to set up fast track courts to deal with pending rape cases and monitor their progress.
#rape #high court #chief justice #fast track court
The Law Ministry has also drawn the attention of the high court chief justices to the use of provisions under CrPC dealing with day-to-day basis proceedings.
They have been requested to impress upon the district judges to scrupulously adhere to these provisions in trial of cases involving heinous crimes such as rape and to conduct trials without adjournment as far as possible.
Sections 157, 309 and 327 of the CrPC deal with examination of witnesses on a day-to-day basis, keeping adjournment at a bare minimum, expediting trial of cases involving heinous crimes such as rape and holding on in camera proceedings.
There are nearly 15,000 subordinate courts and 968 fast track courts in various states of the country.
Central funding to states for FTCs, established under the 11th Finance Commission Award, was discontinued with effect from April 1, 2011. But some states have continued FTCs beyond 2011 with their own resources.
The issue of running FTCs beyond 2011 came up for discussion at the conference of chief ministers and chief justices in April, 2013.
The meeting, convened by the Department of Justice in the Law Ministry, had resolved that the state governments will take necessary steps to establish sufficient FTCs relating to offences against women, children, differently-abled persons, senior citizens and marginalised sections of the society, and provide adequate funds for the purpose of creating and continuing them.
5

Modi proposes helpline to fight drug menaceModi proposes helpline to fight drug menace
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 14, 2014 11:07 AM IST
In his third radio address to the nation, Prime Minister Narendra Modi highlighted the drug menace that has gripped a large chunk of India's young population.
"During the conference of the state Director Generals of Police in Guwahati, I had touched upong the issue and asked the officers to start a helpline to fight the danger," Modi said in the radio address. The work on the tollfree number could start soon.
During the address the PM expressed fears that the money earned through drug suply and drug sale could go to drug mafias and terror organisations to buy arms to use against India.
"This money could be used to buy weapons to use against Indian jawans who become martyrs while defending their country."
The PM appealed to the parents to not disown their wards and stop blaming them. "It is the habit (taking drugs) that is bad. The youths are not bad. It is the addiction that should take the blame," he said.

Yash Chopra never asked his heroines to lose weight:KajolBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 11:19 am | Updated: December 15, 2014 4:56 pm
In an era when looking slim has become a major criterion for actresses in Bollywood, Kajol says she is lucky to have worked with Yash Chopra, the only director who never complained about weight issues of his female stars.
Kajol, 40, said that rather than asking his heroines to lose weight Yash Chopra ensured they were well-fed on the sets.
Speaking at an event marking the 1000-week of YRF’s ‘Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge’, the actress said, “Yash ji was the only director who never asked his heroines to lose weight unlike today.
“While doing a movie everyone is very conscious about their weight and diet. But whenever I worked with him, he always made sure that actors ate properly,” she said.
Many actresses in Bollywood prefer to have a waif-like figure with Kareena Kapoor even dropping to size-zero for YRF’s ‘Tashan’.
In the recent past, Sonam Kapoor, Sonakshi Sinha, Parineeti Chopra and Alia Bhatt have dropped oodles of weight for their movie roles.

Season s first snowfall in Shimla delights touristsSeason s first snowfall in Shimla delights tourists
Air India to start MRO operations at Hyderabad  Nagpur unitsRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
State-run Air India will soon start operations of maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) units in Hyderabad and Nagpur, a senior airline official said.
The Hyderabad facility located near Rajiv Gandhi International Airport here will provide the MRO facility for two narrow-bodied and one wide bodied aircraft.
“It (Hyderabad facility) can accommodate two narrow body aircraft (two airbus aircrafts) or one wide-body in the hangers. Along with that we are having complete administrative departments moving over there as well. Complete Hyderabad operations of Air India Begumpet will be shifted to Shamshabad (new airport).
“The inauguration (of Hyderabad MRO) should happen within a few weeks, probably next month. Even Nagpur facility is ready and will be inaugurated soon just a few days after or before Hyderabad facility is done,” the official told PTI.
Both Hyderabad and Nagpur facilities are run by Air Indian Engineering Services and will cater to Air India fleet and future course of action will depend on policy decisions, the official added.
AIES has become a strategic business unit of Air India and future decisions will depend on that company.
“So far in the Begumpet (old airport of Hyderabad), we used to carry out C-checks. Since the airport is shifted to Shamshabad (in 2008), moving the aircraft from the new airport to the old airport for C-check has become an issue. The aircraft has to be ferried without passengers but with crew, which is quite expensive,” the official explained.
The Nagpur MRO facility is a joint venture in the Nagpur aviation hub for the Airbus and Boeing fleet.
AIES has recently invited expressions of interest from prospective parties, which will be followed by floating of bids.
The government-run carrier, which is now a part of the 28-member global airlines elite club StarAlliance, foresees tremendous business potential for the project, as the country with around 400 planes in operations at present does not have any full-fledged MRO facility, forcing airlines to get their work done from Singapore, Dubai or even in Colombo.
AIES has a DGCA-approved facility in Mumbai. But this can handle only the landing gears of some of its Boeing fleet. Out of the 108 aircraft with Air India, 38 are from Boeing and 62 of Airbus and the rest are from regional jets, a senior official of the Ministry of Aviation had earlier said.
Air India aims to set up the proposed MRO on the international industry benchmark and having approvals from overseas aviation agencies, the official had said.
Post Comments
More from companies

Justin Bieber confident he can win back SelenaGomezPosted: December 14, 2014 12:13 pm
Pop sensation Justin Bieber is reportedly confident that he can win back his on-off girlfriend Selena Gomez.
The 20-year-old ‘Beauty and a Beat’ hitmaker has been in an on-off relationship with the ‘Come & Get It’ singer since 2010, reported Hollywood Life.
“Justin bragged that he’s got so many girls, and could get any girl he wanted, including Selena,” a source said.
Gomez, 22, is rumoured to have given her former beau until New Year’s Eve to win back her affection and Bieber has since tried to impress the former Disney star by posting a spontaneous photo shoot on Twitter to show her how healthy he looks.

Madonnas son embarrassed byphotosPosted: December 14, 2014 12:10 pm
Queen of Pop Madonna’s teenage son is reportedly mortified by her topless photo shoot.
The 56-year-old singer recently bared herself and 14-year-old Rocco – her child with ex-husband Guy Ritchie – is said to be incredibly embarrassed by the pictures, reported Contactmusic.
“Rocco is mortified that his mum is still doing topless photo shoots,” a source said.
However, the photos were given the seal of approval by Madonna’s 18-year-old daughter Lourdes, who thinks the pictures of her mother – who also has adopted kids David and Mercy, both nine – are empowering.
“Lola thinks it’s rad that her mom flaunts her stuff. She sees it as being all about feminism and celebrating strong women and the female form. She is trying to convince Madonna to come and speak at one of her college lectures, covering women’s evolving image in pop culture,” the source added.

Amitabh Bachchan will never go back topoliticsBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 11:56 am
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan says entering politics was a mistake, and he will never again repeat the mistake.
The 72-year-old, who contested the Lok Sabha election from Allahabad in 1984 and won, resigned after three years as an MP.
“Venturing into politics was a mistake. I entered the field in the flow of emotions. But then I realised that emotions are very different from reality in the political arena. So I gave up,” the actor said at a session of Agenda Aaj Tak here Saturday.
“I have never thought of going back to politics since then,” he added.
The actor was nostalgic while reciting his late father Harivanshrai Bachchan’s poem “Madhushala” at the event.
Amitabh noted that his father was teetotaller but his poem was on alcohol and drunkards.
“The poem was written in 1933 and published in 1935. It is amazing that the poem still manages to attract people. My father never drank, but the poem is all about alcohol. It was a hot topic of discussion then,” said Amitabh.
“His poems depicted revolutionary thoughts even at that time.”
On the professional front, the actor is busy shooting for Bejoy Nambiar’s “Wazir”. The film also features Farhan Akhtar.

China says Silk Road is taking shape despite India s reluctance to joinChina says Silk Road is taking shape despite India's reluctance to join
By Saibal Dasgupta, TNN | 14 Dec, 2014, 10.51AM IST
The Silk Road belt initiative involves building road, rail and industrial infrastructure connecting countries on the ancient Silk Route. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIING: China is confident that its Silk Road Economic Belt plan has basically taken shape although India, a crucial link in the program, has not yet agreed to join it. Chinese leaders are still persuading India to join it.
"The Silk Road Economic Belt will be characterized by openness and reciprocity, and China welcomes all sides' participation in the plan and sharing of the benefits," Chinese vice foreign minister Cheng Guoping told journalists.
The statement comes ahead of vice premier Li Keqiang's upcoming tour to Kazakhstan and Thailand , where he will push for infrastructure projects connected with the program. He will also attend the meeting of the prime ministers of Shanghai Cooperation Organization countries. China is also trying to enlist SCO's support for its program.
The Silk Road belt initiative involves building road, rail and industrial infrastructure connecting countries on the ancient Silk Route. Besides, South Asia , China is trying to link countries in central Europe and Russia .
Kazakhstan, which can give China a passage to Eurasia and has come forward with the proposal of linking its own development projects with the Silk Road plan, hopes to link its own development plan.
Cheng said there are many advantages to China-Kazakhstan cooperation, which include a joint-venture logistics base to enhance connectivity in the areas of highways, railways, ports, air routes, and oil and gas pipelines.
"China is very willing to communicate with every other SCO member on its respective development strategy and the plan for regional economic cooperation," said Wang Shouwen , assistant minister of commerce, also at a media briefing.
The Chinese premier will put forward "practical measures" to boost cooperation among the SCO members on security, trade, investment, finance, agriculture, infrastructure, and people-to-people exchanges, with a view to the long-term development of the bloc.

Assembly elections live: 13 per cent polling recorded till 9 am in JharkhandAssembly elections live: 61 per cent voter turn out registered in Jharkhand
IBNLive.com | Dec 14, 2014 at  06:33pm IST
The 15 constituencies that go to polls on Sunday are, Madhupur, Deogarh (SC), Bagodar, Jamua (SC), Gandey, Giridih, Dumri, Bokaro, Chandankyari (SC), Sindri, Nirsa, Dhanbad, Jharia, Tundi and Baghmara.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Teenager kills 12-year-old sister  kills self due to dispute between parentsmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Senate Passes $1.1 Trillion Spending Bill  56-40 -- 5th UpdateSenate Passes $1.1 Trillion Spending Bill  56-40 -- 5th Update
Shinzo Abe beats economic drum to refrain that  Japan is backShinzo Abe beats economic drum to refrain that  Japan is back
Taylor Swift is an Angel: KarlieKlossPosted: December 14, 2014 12:33 pm
Supermodel Karlie Kloss thinks her friend Taylor Swift should be an honorary Victoria’s Secret Angel.
The 22-year-old model walked the runway at the brand’s annual show at London’s Earls Court Exhibition Centre while her 24-year-old pop star friend performed, with them even stepping down together at one point, and the blonde beauty thinks the ‘Shake it Off’ hitmaker should be an honorary face of the lingerie company, reported Contactmusic.
“Taylor should be an Angel herself. She looks pretty heavenly out there. I’d say she’s definitely an honorary one,” Kloss said.
This year’s show was the first time it had been held in London and Kloss and her fellow Angels loved the sense of camaraderie on the trip.

Jennifer Aniston humbled by Golden GlobesnominationPosted: December 14, 2014 12:22 pm
Actress Jennifer Aniston has admitted that she is humbled by her Golden Globes nomination for ‘Cake’.
The 45-year-old actress made the shortlist for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama alongside Felicity Jones (The Theory of Everything), Julianne Moore (Still Alice), Rosamund Pike (Gone Girl) and Reese Witherspoon (Wild), reported Entertainment Weekly.
“I’m just humbled. It’s just all happening so fast and so beautifully. The Globes are a big fun party, and it’s so fun to celebrate with your peers,” Aniston said.
Aniston, who plays a woman who becomes obsessed by the suicide of a member of her chronic pain support group, added of her character: “We were focused on portraying her as honestly and truthfully as it possibly could be told. Making it bulletproof.
“And for me, as an actor, it was such a great exercise in my craft – being able to sort of mine a character and unearth her.”

Govt may hold fresh interview for heads of P...Finance Ministry may hold fresh interview for heads of 3 large PSU banks
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 12.45PM IST
Tags:
ACC
(The post of Chairman and…)
NEW DELHI: The Finance Ministry is mulling holding fresh interviews for the top jobs at three large public sectors banks by also inviting candidates from private sector as it looks for talent from a wider pool of applicants.
There is a proposal that the interview for executive heads of category A banks could be held once again where candidates from private sector banks can also appear, sources said.
The post of Chairman and Managing Director of Bank of Baroda is vacant since since July 31 while Punjab National Bank and Canara Bank are headless since October this year.
If Appointments Committee of the Cabinet ( ACC ) gives a go ahead on making changes in the appointment rules of the directors in public sector banks, then Finance Ministry will shortly issue advertisement inviting applications from candidates including from the private sector, sources said.
However, given the structure it is unlikely that any one from private sector would apply for post as renumeration level is quite low.
This is also evident from the fact that recent selection process for Coal India's CMD did not see any professional from private sector expressing interest for the top job at the world's largest coal miner.
The government headhunter PESB ended up selecting a bureaucrat out of 12 who had applied for the top job.
Experts said government may seek applications from the private sector but it is quite unlikely that anyone would apply for the post because of huge difference in salary.
Meeting criteria for the post of top executive of the public sector banks would also be difficult and it would be difficult to get their vigilance clearance and other regulatory clearances, official said.
If approved, this would be for the first time that government would invite applications from private sector for the top posts of state-owned banks. So far, CMDs of PSU banks were selected from public sector banks only.
In the last UPA government an attempt was made to bring in a private sector professional in India Infrastructure Finance Company (IIFCL), a wholly owned subsidiary of the government.
The then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh rejected the name of Deepak Bagla, a partner with London-based private equity firm 3i, recommended by the Finance Ministry for the post of Chairman and Managing Director of IIFCL.
The Finance Ministry has already sent its recommendation to Department of Personnel & Training (DoPT) for appointment of CEO and Managing Director in the five category B PSU Banks.
According to sources, the Finance Ministry has recommended the names for the appointment head in Indian Overseas Bank , Vijaya Bank , Oriental Bank of Commerce , Syndicate Bank and United Bank of India .
Names shortlisted for these banks are Arun Srivastava, R Koteeswaran, Animesh Chauhan, P Srinivas and K K Sansi.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Counting sheep  literallyUpdated: December 14, 2014 12:53 IST
Counting sheep, literally
Tweet
Doddaraju of Veerapura in Sira taluk, who bought 10 Nari-Suvarna sheep, feeding his flock.
Scientists have developed a new breed of sheep, Nari-Suvarna, that gives birth to two or three lambs at a time
Sheep farmers in Tumakuru have agri-scientists in Maharashtra to thank for a breed that has, quite literally, doubled their profits.
The new breed, developed by scientists at Nimbkar Agricultural Research Institute, Phaltan, called ‘Nari-Suvarna’ has turned out to be a boon for farmers. While the local breed of sheep gives birth to one lamb at a time, the new breed gives birth to two or three.
Cost of the sheep
The State government is trying to promote the Nari-Suvarna breed. It plans to offer subsidy to purchase the sheep, which costs Rs. 8,000 each, in the future. The local breed in Tumakuru —both Hassan and Bellary breeds — cost Rs. 6,000 per sheep.
With the guidance of the Karnataka Sheep and Wool Development Corporation (KSWDC), a farmer in Sira taluk in Tumakuru district has bought 10 sheep and they have given birth to 23 lambs. Farmers at Sidlaghatta in Chickballapur district and Chitradurga district are now eager to follow suit.
The new breed, according to the Agriculture Department, is a combination of three Indian breeds – Deccani and Madgyal breeds of Karnataka and Garole of West Bengal.
Doddaraju of Veerapura in Sira taluk, who bought the 10 sheep, told The Hindu that people in his village were making advance payments for Nari-Suvarna sheep. He said the sheep had adjusted to the climate and environment of his village and could be reared along with the local breed.
Mirza Basheer, Assistant Director, KSWDC, Tumakuru, said the new breed would help meet the demand for meat and would be beneficial to farmers. The department would provide farmers training on rearing and would also provide support such as vaccines.
Govt.’s plans
Nagaraja G.M., Assistant Director, Special Livestock Breeding Programme, Tumakuru, said the government would identify farmers in Belagavi, Vijayapura and Kolar districts and would introduce them to the new breed.
He added that nucleus breeding centres would come up in four or five places in the State. Farmers could go to these centres, get information about the Nari-Suvarna breed and buy the sheep if they want.

Presidents & VPs should be political persons: PranabPresidents & VPs should be political persons: Pranab
You are right now ongc again obliged fm by declaring interim dividend ...Platinum Member
298 Followers
you are right now ongc again obliged FM by declaring interim dividend of 100 percent;Any way i welcome that as the minority shareholders also benefit.
In reply to : john_H message
1.03 PM Dec 14th 2014

Unsolicited advice brother. plz wait for still lower levels as the neg...Silver Member
9 Followers
bindas add karo bhai, is baar jo low ban gaya hai wo shayad fir nahi dekhne ko milega. it may go down one or two day but its future is very bright
In reply to : Poppee55 message
2.29 AM Dec 15th 2014   |         |   Rated by

Dear sir  my reply to you was found offensive by petal. not keen...506 Followers
hope you really enjoyed it well back then.
The match has taken a very interesting turn. Now it is like a fifty over match. Very soon we will see it as a 20-20 with a very meager target of 100 or so. Going by the progress, India has a bright chance of winning this test. VK, NOT YOU, VK is a lucky and gutsy soul. The captain to win the first test as captain.
MSD believes in keeping the winning combination in tact.
1. So will he step in to the 2nd test and spoil the mood?
2. Will we lose the series under MSD after winning the first VK ?
3. Will Ravi Shastry prevail over MSD`s entry or otherwise ? Duncan Fletcher and MSD combination.... oh no... not again. Sorry MSD... we have nothing against you, but you got to be more aggressive in tests.
In reply to : VijayKrishnan message
10.53 AM Dec 13th 2014

48 to 50 should be a very strong support level for this share.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

20-year-old Jaipur girl gets Rs 2.1-crore job offer from FacebookComments
Astha Agarwal had no inkling back in 2009 when she signed up as a user on Facebook that she would one day get an offer from the social networking company.
She had joined FB to keep in touch with people she met in Azerbaijan during the International Junior Science Olympiad, but in May this year, she was at FB headquarters in Menlo Park, California, for summer internship.
After the May-to-July internship, she got the offer to work as a software engineer at FB.
“But it was only recently that I calculated the money in INR and realised mine was the highest among all FB offers,” she says as she shows HT a copy of the offer letter. Astha will join FB in October next year after she completes her eighth semester at Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay (IIT-B).
Video: Here's what Astha has to say
Astha, 20, is the younger of the two daughters of a Rajasthan Vidyut Prasaran Nigam Limited (RVPNL), a transmission company, executive engineer. She is in Jaipur for her winter vacation.
After the news has got out that she’s got a pre-placement offer from the social media company for Rs. 2.1 crore salary, including sign-on bonus and ESOPs, the phone at the modest Agarwal household in government colony on Sahkar Marg in Jaipur hasn’t stopped ringing.
She got into IIT when her elder sister, Pavitra, graduated from IIT, Delhi, as a chemical engineer. She secured all India rank of 90 in IIT-JEE 2011 and joined department of computer science engineering at IIT-B.
However, Astha isn’t as excited about the money as much as she is excited about working for Facebook. “She also got an offer from Google, but she didn’t take it,” her father Ashok Agarwal says.
“As a matter of fact, she hasn’t appeared for any other company during the placements.”
“What I liked about FB was that is has much less employees than Google and it is easier to make an impact with less people around,” she explains why she’s so happy for the offer.
“It’s a start-up kind of a culture, but more than anything, I guess it’s just a matter of choice.” Talking about Zuckerberg, she says she didn’t get a chance to meet him personally during the internship “but I recall from a recent news was that he wears the same t-shirt every day so he doesn’t waste time in deciding what to wear”.
“I think that is something very inspiring and people who complain about lack of time can learn something from this,” she says. Astha is one of the five other IIT-B graduates who have got FB offer: two during pre-placements and three from campus placements.
Astha went to St Xavier’s School in Jaipur and got 98% in Class 12.

Uber cabbie a serial offender  his village celebrates arrestComments
When the news of Uber cabbie Shiv Kumar Yadav's arrest reached Ram Nagar village in Uttar Pradesh's Mainpuri, residents celebrated and women distributed halwa and prayed at the Shiv temple. The picture they painted of the 32-year-old was of a notorious serial sexual offender who terrorised women and had even been banished from the district.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
Yadav, who allegedly raped a woman who took his cab in Delhi on Friday, was arrested in Mainpuri in 2013 on rape charges but released on bail six months later. Delhi Police have already revealed his involvement in another previous case of rape in 2011, for which he spent seven months in Tihar jail but was let off after the case fell.
Official records show Yadav has a string of criminal complaints against him, including two molestation cases, but managed to obtain a character reference signed by a police officer that appeared to have been forged .
He escaped each time due to lack of evidence - something that seemed to embolden him.
Adding to his long list of criminal transgressions, another woman came forward on Tuesday, saying she had filed a complaint against him with Uber barely a month ago but the cab company had taken no action.
"I was coming from Chandni Chowk and the driver started staring at me lecherously through the rear view mirror. The situation got so bad that I had to hide behind the seat to avoid his stares. I later filed a written complaint with Uber but no action was taken," US-based Nidhi Shah, who took the cab on November 26, told NDTV.
Shah also shared her experience on Twitter. She said she received a reply from Uber saying "someone will have a chat with the driver", but there was no further follow-up.
"I blame myself for not taking the complaint seriously. Maybe if I had insisted on stricter action, the (rape) incident could have been avoided," she told the TV channel.
Residents of Ram Nagar village, where Yadav grew up, say he terrorised local women, who dreaded stepping out of their homes after dusk if he was in the village. 
"He is a compulsive sex offender. You won't find a single household in this village whose women he hasn't teased or molested. I know no less than 26-27 cases that never reached the police," said resident Kushun Singh.
Tehsildaar Singh, another villager, said, "Six months ago, he sneaked into the village, pinned down a girl and blackmailed his father into buying him a car. When his father refused, he climbed a tree with a noose around his neck... His father relented."
Delhi cab rape: 'Uber's image last concern, want to see justice done'
This was the same car he used to allegedly rape the 25-year-old financial analyst in Delhi on Friday night.
"Police had barred him from entering Mainpuri. Though people are terrified, they seldom lodge any criminal complaint because they believe it will bring a bad name to the village," said a police officer.
Despite his criminal past, Yadav had managed to forge a character certificate for an all-India tourist permit for his Maruti Swift Dzire.
Yadav's family wants nothing to do with him. "A mother doesn't expect her son to commit such a demonic act. In the past, we did our best to bring him on the right path. It is time now for him to pay for his crime," Ganga Shri, 70, said.
Mahendra Yadav, his former teacher, said, "His father wanted him to pursue engineering. He was a good student till Class 10."
 
Yadav's name entered police books in 2003, when he was 21, for allegedly molesting and assaulting a girl in Mainpuri. From that year to 2009, he was booked several times under the Goonda Act and charged with carrying illegal firearms.
 
On December 13, 2011, the son of a college principal was arrested for allegedly raping a young passenger at Chhatarpur in Delhi. The girl had hired his cab to take her home from a dance bar in Gurgaon.
But, inconsistencies in her statement led to Yadav's acquittal in November next year because the crime couldn't be established beyond reasonable doubt.
 
Yadav was again accused of raping a girl in Mainpuri in 2013. He was arrested after a case was registered with Elau police station but later released on bail.
He became more daring over time. He was charged early this year with molestation and assault of a woman in the Elau area of Mainpuri, where he had already faced eight separate criminal charges. Again he escaped with a rap on the knuckles because of lack of evidence.
Yadav says it was consensual sex: Cops
The police said Yadav was claiming it was a consensual encounter for which he had agreed to pay the Delhi woman the Rs. 20,000 she allegedly demanded. "He claims that after consensual sex, the woman demanded Rs. 50,000 and when he refused to pay up, she threatened to go to the police," an investigating officer said.
According to sources in the Delhi Police, Yadav also gave his interrogators a detailed account of the 'sexual cruelty' he subjected the woman to for almost an hour - slapping her thrice, attempting to strangle her and threatening to insert an iron rod in her, even as she cried for mercy and pleaded saying she was getting married in January.
Police sources said Yadav showed no remorse, was behaving casually and his only demand was 'low-sugar' Marie biscuits with his tea. He was on Tuesday taken to Mathura, where his clothes and two mobile phones were recovered.
"While hiding in Mathura, Yadav was in constant touch with two lawyers. One advised him against undergoing an identification parade  while the other suggested he leave the country and flee to Nepal," the officer said.
Watch: Uber cab driver's mother wants punishment for her son's crime

Davey calls for carbon asset transparencyEd Davey calls for transparency on ‘risky’ fossil fuel investments
Pilita Clark in Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95e8186a-80ed-11e4-b5cf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Climate change to be key issue during Obama s India visitClimate change to be key issue during Obama's India visit
Urmi A Goswami, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 02.00AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(India appears to be signaling…)
LIMA: Climate change is expected to be an important component of the India-US engagement during President Obama's visit to India in January next year. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama are expected to take forward the partnership in the area of clean energy, outlined in Washington in September this year.
The head of the US delegation to Lima climate talks Todd Stern ruled out a climate deal on the lines of the November deal with China. "We don't have the kind of process with India, like we had with China, but we have a substantial desire to work in a constructive and ramped up way with India on climate change and clean energy."
New Delhi has announced a five-fold ramp up of its solar capacity by 2022, taking total capacity from 2,650MW to 100GW. It is also considering expansion, though of much lower order of magnitude in wind energy.
Sources indicated that other areas of partnership that were being considered were in the realm of technology, and there could be some headway towards setting up a global technology consortium. India has a keen interest in climate change and clean energy related technology, and was actively involved in the conceptualization of the Climate Technology Centre and Network—the technology mechanism under the UNFCCC. New Delhi is keen to access technology to help push forward its clean energy and other climate related plans.
India's environment minister Prakash javadekar and other key officials are scheduled to have a meeting with Stern and the US team on Thursday as part of the current round of climate change negotiations in Lima. It is expected that US Secretary of State John Kerry, who will be in Lima and at the talks on Thursday, will be attending the meeting as well. No official confirmation was however available.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Women s safety in focus as Uber rivals race across Southeast AsiaWomen's safety in focus as Uber rivals race across Southeast Asia
Reuters
Reuters
SINGAPORE/HANOI, Dec 12:  
A co-founder of GrabTaxi, Uber's biggest competitor in Southeast Asia, remarked earlier this year that safety is so central to the online taxi booking business that some of his drivers feel like they are tracked at every moment - even when they go to the bathroom.
The Malaysian company and Brazil-based rival Easy Taxi made headlines over the past year by attracting over $400 million in investment. But a rape accusation against an Uber driver in New Delhi has thrown taxi apps under a different spotlight.
Uber has since been banned in the Indian capital, adding to bans or legal action in several countries including Spain, Thailand and the United States. Authorities' common complaint is that Uber's service includes private vehicle owners, which contrasts with GrabTaxi and Easy Taxi.
Both use only licensed taxi drivers, which helps their strategy to market themselves as safe for women in cities such as Jakarta. The transportation system in the Indonesian capital is among the region's most dangerous for women, according to a survey by the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
With safety at the centre of their marketing strategy, the rape allegation against the Uber driver in India could threaten the image of these firms, whose investors include Japan's SoftBank Corp and other international names.
"Women are our target audience," said Nguyen Tuan Anh, general manager at GrabTaxi in Vietnam. The majority of the company's passengers are women - as much as 70 per cent in the Philippines.
GrabTaxi said it only works with drivers of taxi firms that check identity documents, driving licences and criminal records. It asks drivers to resubmit those documents upon signing up, and confirms that applicants are still contracted to taxi firms.
"Its drivers are all from known taxi brands so I don't have to worry about safety," said banker Bui Thi Thu Trang. The 30-year-old said she uses GrabTaxi frequently in Hanoi and has enjoyed numerous discounts and offers, which include vouchers for make-up from Shiseido Co Ltd.
Uber said safety is a "top priority" and that it uses fully licensed drivers, of whom some are registered as taxi drivers.
PHOTOGRAPHS
GrabTaxi and Easy Taxi typically provide driver details such as photograph and phone number. GrabTaxi also allows passengers to "share" their trips online so family and friends can track their location. On both apps, pick-up points are chosen by the user.
"If it is late at night, without apps like this you've got to go on the street," said Joon Chan, regional managing director for Easy Taxi, southeast Asia. Easy Taxi's driver screening includes testing patience and cordiality, Chan said.
Park Byung Joon, head of the urban transport management programme at Singapore's SIM University, said taxi booking firms need to improve processes to ensure the drivers they screen are the individuals driving their cars.
"I use taxis a lot in Singapore as well, but I hardly ever check" whether the driver matches the photo, he said. "When you finally check it ... you are already sitting in the taxi."
GrabTaxi, co-founded by Anthony Tan in 2012, reported a six-fold jump in users over the past year to about 500,000. It estimated 3 bookings are made through its app every second across Southeast Asia.
"Passengers in Thailand, Philippines, Malaysia - the big problem is safety," Tan said in an interview with Reuters in May discussing GrabTaxi's ride-tracking function.
Tan said one driver talked to him about safety features such as drivers' photos and details. "'My face is there in the cloud, tracking me all the way,'" Tan quoted the driver as telling him. "'The cloud knows I'm going to the toilet, it's staring at me.'"
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Pru wants to be 30 times bigger in AsiaPru wants to be ‘30 times bigger’ in Asia
Alistair Gray, Insurance Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/632dd22c-820d-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks sign up to offer fee-free accounts© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0915b966-8227-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Can oil test $40 a barrel Iranian official says it canYou are here: Home > Collections > India
With $60 for oil, $40 seems a likely possibility. Here's what it means for India
ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 12.14PM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
The price of crude has plummeted to $60 a barrel, which should be good news for everyone except oil producers, right? Well, yes and no. Here's a look at what the oil slide means for India—both the good and the bad:
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coal block allocation may be done on  discretionary  basiscoal bill
(In the Supreme Court judgement (scrapping…)
NEW DELHI: The new coal bill may allow the discretionary allotment of mines, as experts say a new clause in the proposed law can be interpreted as facilitating such action. However, coal ministry officials say the clause has been inserted only to allow tariffbased bidding.
Section 5(1) of The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, 2014, says the government can allot coal blocks deallocated by the Supreme Court not only to public sector units or joint ventures between two or more government companies but also "to a company which has been awarded a power project on the basis of competitive bids for tariff (including Ultra Mega Power Projects)" or UMPPs.
"This means that even private companies can be allocated coal blocks without an auction," according to Dipesh Dipu, an energy consultant teaching at Hyderabad's Administrative Staff College of India. But a coal ministry official said the provision is aimed at facilitating projects for which the power ministry has sought bids.
"In the Supreme Court judgement (scrapping coal block allocations), UMPPs (awarded through auctions) had been exempted from the de-allocation. This is the same clause. Some coal blocks are earmarked for the power ministry, for UMPPs," the official said. This clause, he added, is "only for new projects".
Vinayak Chatterjee, chairman and managing director of infrastructure consultancy Feedback Infra, said there's nothing wrong with the clause. "Any company awarded a power project — whether a UMPP or not — on the basis of a competitive bid for tariff will factor in the cheaper price of coal due to the captive block before bidding." However, Dipu feels that the provision creates a loophole that can be exploited. "Even a company which has won a tariff-based bid using calculations based on hydel or imported coal becomes eligible for such an allocation," he says.
"Rules that may be formulated in the future might better specify eligibility of the power projects. But as of now, this does create ambiguity." It boils down to a question of phrasing, the official cited above said. "Laws cannot be amended every day. You have to budget for future situations that might arise so that the bill stands the test of time. Therefore, there needs to be some flexibility."
It is possible that the power ministry might want to, in the future, auction even smaller power projects after pairing them with coal blocks, as was done for the UMPPs and that's why the Bill says "including UMPPs".
This, however, also creates the possibility of backdoor manoeuvres. "Including UMPPs" means any company with a power-purchase agreement (PPA) is eligible for such an allotment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lok Sabha passes bill on coal block allocationsLok Sabha passes bill on coal block allocations
ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 07.10AM IST
Tags:
Coal India Limited
(The Coal Mines (Special…)
NEW DELHI: The Lok Sabha has passed the Coal Bill that will facilitate auction of mines and allow the government to end state monopoly on the sector with an executive order, setting the stage for the tougher challenge of getting the approval of the upper house of Parliament where the ruling party is in minority.
Power, coal and renewable energy minister Piyush Goyal has consistently ruled out de-nationalisation of coal and has gone out of his way to assure people that state-run Coal India would actually be strengthened, not hurt.
He also says that the auction of mines, permits on which were cancelled by the Supreme Court earlier this year, would not lead to an increase in power tariffs.
The Bill, which seeks to replace the coal ordinance with permanent law, has been keenly awaited by companies in the power, steel and cement sectors, many of which have large plants that had captive mines that have been taken away. Companies are keen that the Bill is passed to strengthen the auction process for which the government promulgated the ordinance.
"The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Act makes a clean break from the past, with clear ring-fencing of liabilities while permitting consents and assets to be taken over. This sets a robust and secure stage for the current round of auctions," said Kameswara Rao, leader for energy, utilities and mining at PwC India.
The spotlight now shifts to the Rajya Sabha, where the BJP will need the support of other parties to pass the Bill. The Rajya Sabha is likely to consider it next week. The BJP is expected to negotiate with other parties, particularly the Congress to find a way to enact the crucial law.
Many opposition parties are planning to demand that the Bill be referred to a select committee. They say that generally, when a Bill is passed in the Lok Sabha without referring it to a standing committee, it is then referred to a select committee of the Rajya Sabha before it is put to vote in the upper house. While opposition parties such as the Trinamool Congress , Left and the Janata parivar are in favour of referring the Bill to the standing committee, the Congress is keeping its cards close to its chest.
The Congress said it will take a final call on the matter taking into account the "mood of the House", sources in the party said. "At the same time, given this is a major Bill, there is merit in the demand for referring it to a select committee.
Let us see how it plays out in the House," said a senior Congress member of Rajya Sabha, indicating the Congress is not averse to the demand for a select committee processing of the Bill.
Piyush Goyal has said in the past that he expects other parties to support the new Bill because it will help numerous small businesses and aspiring entrepreneurs who are facing the acute scarcity of fuel. The government expects the auction to lead to significant increase in coal output as many idling mines would be developed, and new technology as well as higher productivity would help the sector. He also ruled out any increase in power tariffs due to the auction. "Power tariff will not go up. Power sector is a regulated sector. Reverse bidding auction will happen. Prices will fall," he was quoted as saying in an agency report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government finalises rules for coal mines auctionYou are here: Home > Collections
Government finalises rules for coal mines auction
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 07.57PM IST
Tags:
Central Government
(Out of 92 coal blocks to be alloted &…)
NEW DELHI: The government today said it has finalised the rules for the auction of 204 coal mines that were deallocated by the Supreme Court.
The rules pave the way for auction of 92 coal blocks, including 42 under production, in the first phase of bidding on February 11.
"A draft of the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Rules, 2014 which the Central government proposes to make under the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014 was placed on the website... Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Rules, 2014 were finalised after considering the objections and suggestions," the Coal Ministry said on its website.
Separately, earlier in the day, the Lok Sabha passed a bill which provides for fresh auction of 204 coal blocks de-allocated by the Supreme Court in September, with the government allaying apprehensions of some parties that the legislation would lead to privatisation of the sector.
The ministry further said that it had requested the members of public and all the persons likely to be affected to submit their objections and suggestions, if any, to the government.
"In response to such public notice the Ministry of Coal received objections and suggestions from the members of the public and the persons likely to be affected thereby," the ministry said.
The ministry said that if any further objections and suggestions are received on the rules, they will be considered and "the rules shall be suitably amended."
Out of the 92 coal blocks to be alloted and auctioned in the first lot, 57 mines would be given to the power sector, while the rest would be for sectors like steel and cement, the government had earlier said.
Of the 57 blocks to be allotted and auctioned for the power sector, 23 will be considered for allotment to states and the rest will be put for auction.
The apex court had termed the allocation of 204 mines since 1993 as "arbitrary and illegal".
The government has already made it clear that the number of mines a company can bid will be capped to avoid monopoly.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US unhappy over Putin s India visit  but no change in Obama s planYou are here: Home > Collections > Intervention
US unhappy over Vladimir Putin's India visit, but no change in Barack Obama's plan
IANS Dec 13, 2014, 10.52AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Barack Obama has been invited…)
WASHINGTON: The US is unhappy over India doing "business as usual" with Russia, but it will have no effect on President Barack Obama's upcoming visit to India which remains an "important partner."
"No. India remains an important partner," State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki told reporters Friday when asked whether deals reached during Russian President Vladimir Putin's just concluded visit to India would change Obama's plans.
Obama has been invited by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to be the chief guest at India's Republic Day parade on January 26. He will be the first US president to get that honour and the first one to visit India twice while in office.
"Obviously, our economic relationship is a big part of what we continue to work on," Psaki said while repeating its caution to "allies and partners" that it was not time for doing business with Russian following its intervention in Ukraine.
The US, she said had seen reports about India and Russia signing agreements in oil exploration, infrastructure, defence and nuclear energy including construction of 12 Russia-built nuclear units in India over the next two decades,
"We continue to monitor it, but we haven't looked at all the specifics of the contracts, for obvious reasons," Psaki said. But "We continue to urge all countries not to conduct business as usual with Russia."
Noting that "there are already sanctions in place" imposed on Russia by the US and its Western allies, Psaki said it was not calling for sanctions on other countries.
"In general, though, given the situation, it shouldn't be business as usual," she said.
Asked if the US had spoken to the Indians before Putin's trip that it's not the right time to do business with Russia, Psaki said: "Well, we've been engaged in that discussion."
"I'd remind you India doesn't support the actions of Russia and the actions - their intervention into Ukraine," she said. "They've been pretty outspoken about that as well."
On the presence of Sergey Aksyonov, prime minister of Crimea, the former Ukrainian territory annexed by Russia, in Putin's delegation to India, which too has upset Washington, Psaki said: "I don't have anything new to offer on that."
Asked if the US had confirmed if he was there or not, she said: "There have been a range of reports." But "I don't have any US government confirmation. We're obviously not in on the trip with them."
Asked again if there's any change in Obama's trip to India, the spokesperson said emphatically: "No. No, no."
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Lyon King: Offie spins Australia to 48-run winBy: Reuters | Adelaide |
Posted: December 13, 2014 4:10 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 3:41 pm
Australia beat India by 48 runs in a thrilling end to the first Test at Adelaide Oval on Saturday, with Nathan Lyon picking up seven wickets after Virat Kohli scored an inspired century for the visitors.
CRICKET SCORECARD: India vs Australia
As it happened…
Emotionally-charged from the start following the death of Phillip Hughes , the first Test between Australia and India didn’t disappoint at the finish. And to add drama to the day, Australia captain Michael Clarke said yet another hamstring injury might mean he’ll have to end his career.
Spinner Nathan Lyon took seven second-innings wickets and 12 for the match as Australia pulled off a stunning 48-run win at the Adelaide Oval.
Also Read: Could have played a diferent shot, says Kohli
India looked set to achieve a record fourth-innings run chase after stand-in captain Virat Kohli (141) and opener Murali Vijay (99) led India through a second session without loss . Thousands of Indian fans were on their feet over the final two hours of the match as the side pushed for victory.
But Australia took eight wickets in the final session, the match ended by Lyon on a stumping, prompting emotional celebrations by an Australia team playing its first match since the death of teammate Hughes two weeks ago in a domestic match after being hit by a short-pitched delivery .
Needing 364 runs for victory from 98 overs on the final day, India was 105-2 at lunch and 205-2 at tea. The 159 further runs required in the final session was a temptingly achievable target for India’s batsmen, who kept playing their shots in pursuing a record run chase, rather than trying to grind out a draw.
The highest victorious fourth-innings Test total at the Adelaide Oval remains Australia’s 315-6 against England in 1902, while Australia-India Tests continue to go in favor of home teams, having now won 12 in a row.
“The boys deserve a lot of credit to keep trying to win the game,” said Clarke. “They were willing to lose to win. I thought if India were good enough to make 360, credit to them. But credit to our boys, and our bowlers.”
Clarke wasn’t being optimistic after the match about his most recent injury.
Also Read: Clarke expects to miss remaining Tests
“The scans are not great, they have certainly showed a tear there,” Clarke said. “The experts are looking at them and I can pretty confidently say that I won’t take part in this Test series.
“There’s a chance I may never play again. I hope that’s not the case and I’ll be doing everything in my power to get back out on the park, but I have to be realistic as well.”
Kohli produced a superb performance to score his second century of the match, and his departure – caught at deep midwicket as the seventh wicket to fall – proved the decisive blow for Australia, which quickly dismissed the remaining batsmen.
“I told the guys last night that whatever target it was we were going to chase it. I believed in my ability,” Kohli said.
“If me and Vijay added about 40 runs there, the game would have been different. You see one opening and the team capitalizes, and that’s what Australia did.”
The match began Tuesday with tributes to Hughes , the Australian players wearing “408” on their shirts – Hughes’ Test cap number – and a 63-second standing ovation and applause was held in honor of the 63 runs Hughes scored on Nov. 25 before taking the fatal blow.
The first Test wasn’t even supposed to be in Adelaide –  the Gabba Test in Brisbane was shifted from its original date last week, the day after Hughes’ funeral – and will now begin next Wednesday.
Lyon, a former member of the Adelaide Oval ground staff early in his career, finished with match figures of 12-286 against an India side expert at playing off-spin bowling.
“I just had to keep asking question and lucky enough some went my way,” Lyon of the many lbw appeals that the umpires turned down Saturday.” It was Test cricket, always twists and turns and we just had to hang in there.”
After the match, Cricket Australia said Shaun Marsh had been added to the squad for the Brisbane Test, replacing Clarke, while paceman Mitchell Starc was also called into the squad. Wicketkeeper Brad Haddin will likely be Australia captain for the second Test.

Organic electronics could lead to cheap  wearable sensorsSelena Gomez uploads, then rushes to delete controversial skin-show Abu Dhabi mosque photo from Instagram
Researchers are developing new cheap, flexible sensors that could be worn easily to accurately measure blood-oxygen levels.
“There are various pulse oximeters already on the market that measure pulse rate and blood-oxygen saturation levels, but those devices use rigid conventional electronics, and they are usually fixed to the fingers or earlobe,” said Ana Arias, from the University of California-Berkeley.
By switching from silicon to an organic, or carbon-based design, the researchers were able to create a device that could ultimately be thin, cheap and flexible enough to be slapped on like a Band-Aid.
The engineers put the new prototype up against a conventional pulse oximeter and found that the pulse and oxygen readings were just as accurate.
A conventional pulse oximeter typically uses light-emitting diodes (LEDs) to send red and infrared light through a fingertip or earlobe. Sensors detect how much light makes it through to the other side.
Bright, oxygen-rich blood absorbs more infrared light, while the darker hues of oxygen-poor blood absorb more red light. The ratio of the two wavelengths shows how much oxygen is in the blood.
For the organic sensors, Arias and her team of graduate students – Claire Lochner, Yasser Khan and Adrien Pierre – used red and green light, which yield comparable differences to red and infrared when it comes to distinguishing high and low levels of oxygen in the blood.
Using a solution-based processing system, the researchers deposited the green and red organic LEDs and the translucent light detectors onto a flexible piece of plastic. By detecting the pattern of fresh arterial blood flow, the device can calculate a pulse.
“We showed that if you take measurements with different wavelengths, it works, and if you use unconventional semiconductors, it works,” said Arias.
“Because organic electronics are flexible, they can easily conform to the body,” said Arias.
Arias added that because the components of conventional oximeters are relatively expensive, health-care providers will choose to disinfect them if they become contaminated.
In contrast, “organic electronics are cheap enough that they are disposable like a Band-Aid after use,” she said.
The research was published in the journal Nature Communications.
Post Comments
More from lifestyle

Status of plantation workers not good in some States: MinisterStatus of plantation workers not good in some States: Minister
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 13:  
Union Minister Nirmala Sitharaman today said the status of workers and their families employed in the closed down tea plantations in some parts of the country were not good and the government was looking at ways to help them.
“The situation is not good and we are making efforts to do something in that direction,” Sitharaman said.
Talking to reporters on the sidelines of a function here, she said the status of the workers in plantations in various parts of the country was bad. “I do not want to mention the name of any state but the situation is bad in many states.”
The workers were living in very old damaged houses without any schools for children and did not have roads.
“They do even have a Primary Health Centre. That is the situation. If there is a loss in the tea estate, the owners close down and go. Even if they close and go, none can claim it as a public property. One cannot say he is government and go inside. The government cannot replace the plantation workers house nor do anything that would benefit them,” she said, when asked to elaborate.
On Electronics parts maker, Foxconn deciding to wind up its operations in Chennai, she said, “We are consciously watching the situation and would take efforts. It is not, as if we are indifferent to the issue. There are a lot of issues involved in this. i.e. international laws with international companies. We are debating the issue and would come up with a solution.”
Asked whether companies from abroad came here through FDI and wind up operations after they are done, she said, “Don’t treat all FDIs in the same way. In some cases, we need FDI, else, we don’t have investors in the field. How long are we going to remain without investors? So, we are opening FDI. At the same time, not all FDIs are bad to us. So, advocating to stop all FDIs is not appropriate.”
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Cold winds  unseasonal rain heralds winter in CapitalCold winds, unseasonal rain heralds winter in Capital
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 14, 2014
First Published: 01:25 IST(14/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:41 IST(14/12/2014)
Comments
Delhiites celebrated the onset of the much-delayed winter season in the Capital with heavy woollens and hot drinks after cold winds swept through the city on Saturday.
People queue to collect free tea and biscuits during a foggy and cold morning in New Delhi. AFP/Raveendran
Mild showers were reported from across the city.
The day’s maximum temperature was 20.8 degree Celsius, two degrees below normal. The minimum temperature stood at 10.4 degrees as opposed to Friday’s 5.5 degrees.
“It is likely to get colder on Sunday as the day temperature is likely to fall further with similar spells of rain,” said BP Yadav, director meteorology, IMD.
Explaining the phenomenon, Yadav said: “The clouds stop the radiation from reaching the ground, making it colder. The wind chill factor caused by the first snowfall around Shimla and Himachal Pradesh added to the freeze.”
Most Delhiites enjoyed this respite from the above average temperatures in the past two weeks.
“It feels like the Delhi winters have finally arrived. Though it suddenly became chilly, it is pleasant to move around with friends just to experience the weather,” said Shruti Anand, a Delhi University student, who was spotted at India Gate, sipping tea from the roadside stall with her friends.
Some like Anand were pleasantly surprised by the fall in temperature while others like Padmini Sukumaran preferred to stay at home to avoid the cold winds.
“I am so glad it is a Saturday and I do not have to step out to go for work. Though I initially had plans of meeting my friends we had to cancel it because of the rain and the gloomy weather. But I prefer enjoying the winters this way,” said Sukumaran.
In neighbouring cities in Haryana and Uttar Pradesh, the mercury dipped further, making the afternoon cold with overcast skies.
The met department said the rain was likely to stop from Monday and the night temperatures were likely to fall.
On Saturday, the lowest temperature was recorded at Ayanagar at 6.4 degrees, while Lodhi Road and Palam recorded a minimum at 8.7 degrees and 9 degrees, respectively.
The lowest temperature in Gurgaon was 9.4 degree Celsius.
 

Saradha scam: I am a victim of political conspiracy  says Madan MitraPakistani boat carrying explosives caught by Indian Coast Guard off Gujarat; 4 men refuse to surrender, 'blow themselves up'
West Bengal Minister Madan Mitra, arrested on Friday by CBI in connection with the Saradha scam, claimed he was victim of political conspiracy.
“I am a victim of political conspiracy. Mamata Banerjee has already spoken on this,” Mitra told reporters after coming out of Alipur court where he was produced by CBI this afternoon.
The Transport and Sports Minister was remanded to four days in CBI custody by the court.
The court premises was fortified with deployment of a large number of police personnel and both its gates were closed.
Thousands of Trinamool Congress supporters, mostly from Kamarhati, the assembly constituency he represents, squatted in front of one the gates, shouted slogans and displayed placards in a show support to Mitra.
They also burnt an effigy of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and tore his pictures.
After the verdict, they stayed put in front of the gate waiting for Mitra and the police had a trying time to find a safe passage for Mitra’s car.
TMC supporters clung to the roofrails of the vehicle on both sides and banged the glass windows which had been rolled up.
CBI investigating officer F B Karna sat beside Mitra.
The police managed to disperse them soon but the traffic in front of the court complex was thrown out of gear.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

If image is proof  Modi should be arrested: MamataPakistani boat carrying explosives caught by Indian Coast Guard off Gujarat; 4 men refuse to surrender, 'blow themselves up'
Rejecting the demand for sacking Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrested in Saradha scam case, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today stepped up her attack on Narendra Modi saying “if image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then the Prime Minister should be arrested for Sahara scam.”
Appparently referring to photos of Mitra sharing the dais with Saradha Group chairman Sudipata Sen, who is now in judicial custody in connection with the scam, at a function, Banerjee said “if an image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then the PM should be arrested for Sahara scam.
“There are photos of several CPI-M leaders with chit fund owners. There are photos of the PM with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that CBI arrest PM Narendra Modi? Banerjee told a rally of TMC workers here.
She said she would not fire Mitra as minister in the wake of his arrest and added that for the time being she will oversee the departments held by him.
Banerjee said Trinamool MPs would stage protests in parliament from Monday against the arrest of Mitra.
She charged CBI’s image has been “dented” and it has been turned into a “political tool.”
“CBI has lost all credentials. It has become His Master’s Voice. CBI has become a political tool. It is time to wind it up. TMC MPs will protest in Parliament from Monday (December 15) against BJP’s politics of vendetta,” she charged.
“Stay within your limits or face the music,” she warned BJP and the Centre and added “people of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power.”
In keeping with her street-fighter image, Banerjee hit the road along with thousands of partymen, including ministers and several sportspersons in a protest march against the arrest.
Banerjee defended Mitra and said “I do not believe that Madan is a thief or dacoit. His family pecuniary condition is not such that he had to take this money (from Saradha ponzi group) to sustain his family.”
The chief minister said Mitra, a key party organiser and also state Sports Minister, was called as a “witness” to the CBI office and was arrested hours after and claimed this was done following a phone call from Delhi.
“His (Mitra’s) son, who met him after the arrest, was told by Madan that CBI officials were just interacting with him and asking him as to which school and college he had studied in. At this stage, a phone call came from Delhi, following which he was arrested.
“Madan was called as a witness. If after being called as a witness, one gets arrested this way then no one will go to depose as witness,” Banerjee said.
Referring to TMC’s strength in Parliament, Banerjee said two or three of its MPs have been arrested in connection with scam so that it cannot use its full strength to cast votes against the central government.
Accusing BJP of playing politics of vindictiveness, she warned “it will boomerang on you when you will be out of power.”
“I must tell those who are in power – stay within your limits or you will face the music … Governments come and go, democracy remains forever. Those in power in Delhi must remember that,” the TMC supremo said.
“I am now in a position (as chief minister). If I had not been in this position, I would have pulled out the tongue,” Banerjee said without elaborating.
“One BJP leader (Siddharth Nath Singh) and warned they will arrest Madan (Mitra) in 2014, Mukul (Roy) in 2015 and Mamata (herself) in 2016. What audacity ! We will see who stands where (in the elections).”
She asked party cadre to politically fight BJP. “They are trying to start riots in the state. We will never let them make this possible. What will happen if we (the state government) start arresting them ?
CPI-M reiterated its demand of questioning Banerjee in connection with the Saradha scam and termed her challenge to CBI to arrest her as “unconstitutional.”
“She has challenged the Supreme Court’s directive to CBI to probe the Saradha scam … Being the chief minister of a state, how can she do this ? This is against Constitution… We are ashamed of this,” Leader of Opposition in the state Surkyakanta Mishra said at a rally here.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Political parties should teach leaders to mind their languageprint
She is the latest sadhvi on the block and she has conformed to the mould of what is fondly termed by the faithful as spewing fiery rhetoric.
But what I found more objectionable than her rave about illegitimate sons and sons of Ram was the explanation from parliamentary affairs and urban development minister Venkaiah Naidu that she said those ugly words because she, Niranjan Jyoti, being a ‘village woman’, did not know any better.
The PM echoed this sentiment by asking people to at least consider her humble background before demanding her resignation as minister of state for food processing.
I don’t blame the sadhvi entirely. She has been wheeled out by opportunistic politicians during elections to utter precisely these sorts of unacceptable words. She has been used to rouse the rabble so that, filled with religious fervour, they would vote for the party she represents. The ‘village woman’ perhaps does not realise that tub-thumping speeches which galvanise the masses during elections cannot be made once in public office. And for this, I blame her party.
If it was so keen on making her a minister, it should have taken the trouble to tutor her in the niceties and decorum of democratic discourse.
I remember another sanyasin whose eloquence and knowledge of the scriptures were exploited fully by the ruling party in her day. That is Uma Bharti, now minister for water resources. She is reported to have uttered those fateful words ‘ek dhakka aur do, Babri masjid tod doh’ as crazed kar sewaks brought down the historical monument in Ayodhya in 1992.
I presume she did not know the power those words would have in that catastrophic incident, which would forever change public discourse and even cast doubt on our notions of secularism. She denied that she said it and some believe those words were uttered by, yes, yet another sadhvi, Rithambara, who was once a crowd puller for the Hindutva forces. Her uncouth references to anatomical parts of Muslims which should be attacked were a new low at that time.
And it is not the BJP which alone does this. The Samajwadi Party unleashes the garrulous Azam Khan whenever it wants to raise the temperature a notch or two. And he never disappoints. His latest salvos have been on the Taj Mahal, which he claims should be handed over to the Wakf Board and that prayers within the historical monument should be facilitated. Well, if that happens, we can kiss Tagore’s ‘teardrop on the cheek of time’ goodbye.
Of course in the case of Mamata Banerjee, she does not need the help of props like sadhvis to get her point across. She is a one-man compilation of insults and barbs, the cruder the better. Her latest which I am sure you have read about is to tell her opponents that they may find a bamboo where it hurts most if they carry on like this. She also rambled about bamboo forests turning on people. Let’s see if you can make some sense of that. In fact, the sadhvis’ rhetoric would pale in comparison to the colourful language that Didi employs and which is lapped up by the adoring TMC followers.
Now Didi may be a bit of a loose cannon. But the expectations of a minister in a government committed to good governance are a different thing altogether. Uma Bharti seems to have understood this with her years as an administrator as CM in Madhya Pradesh and a minister in the Vajpayee government. This explains why she has become more circumspect and restrained.
Political parties, especially those in power, should educate their ministers, legislators and workers on decency and decorum in public life. In other democracies, elected representatives have lost their jobs for much smaller linguistic misdemeanours. The language of the street corner should not be elevated to high office, in fact it should not be used at all.
But then that would be too much to ask for, wouldn’t it?
Many of our politicians were and are known for their brilliant oratory. Nehru, of course, stands out. Vajpayee is another speaker extraordinaire. I can think of Piloo Mody, Indrajit Gupta, Shashi Tharoor, Arun Jaitley, Sushma Swaraj and the PM. These are people who are mesmerising when they speak. They have substance and language to back them up. And I am mentioning just a select few. None of them have ever found the need to cater to the lowest common denominator to get their point across.
I really would like to see a situation in which political rhetoric can be stirring but not offensive. And political parties should not take the easy way out by unleashing untutored sadhvis on the public and then adding insult to injury by saying, as in the case of Niranjan Jyoti, that she uttered those words because she is a village woman. I have yet to come across a village woman who would use such foul language in public. The reference is an insult to village women.
I really wish the feminists, always quick to take offence at any patriarchal act, would take on the political parties which use such women to further their cause. And then make insulting remarks about their backgrounds. Uma Bharti was similarly touted as a simple woman long ago and far away. Being simple does not mean being foul-mouthed. And the sooner someone dins this into the heads of the powers that be, the better. But, I am not holding my breath. For even as we speak, Niranjan Jyoti is being unleashed by the party to address people all over Delhi as the BJP begins its bid to capture the capital city in the coming polls.  

Saradha case: Stay within limits  Mamata warns BJPComments
A day after the  arrest of state minister Madan Mitra  over the Saradha scam, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee hit out against Prime Minister Narendra Modi calling it "political vendetta", while the BJP said she was panicking because of her "involvement."
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
"There are photos of the Prime Minister  with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that the CBI arrest the PM?" Mamata said at a protest rally held in the Maidan area. 
She said Trinamool Congress MPs will protest in Parliament against  the arrest of state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra who is also her close aide.Mitra was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for his alleged role in the multi-crore-rupee chit fund scandal. 
"Stay within your limits or face music," she warned the BJP and the Centre and added "People of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power."
Responding to her charges, the BJP in Delhi said Banerjee is pressing the "panic button" and "rattled" by the possibility that her "own
involvement" could come to light.
 
"Dare does not matter. Sometimes I can say these are politically motivated attempts...If anything which is linking
Mamata Banerjee with the scam, she would be investigated and interrogated by the CBI. It is for CBI to take that call and
not for me to direct the CBI,"BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi told reporters outside Parliament
 
"And it will be determined on the fact of the case and investigating material, which is before the police. I am no one to direct CBI, nor is the BJP. CBI is an autonomous institution," she added.
 
Lekhi said that if Banerjee has done anything wrong or committed any wrong in terms of conspiracy which has happened or if any link is found connecting her with Saradha scam "her dare will go away" because the law would then take its course.
Another party spokesperson G V L Narsimha Rao attacked Banerjee, saying she has "lost all her courage" and was making "adventurous comments" without offering an explanation on the alleged role of her party leaders.
"She is possibly rattled by the revelations and possibly fears that her own involvement in the scam would come to light," he said.
Opposition parties in West Bengal have repeatedly accused the chief minister of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
Meanwhile, West Bengal minister Madan Mitra was sent to CBI custody till Dec 16 by a Kolkata court
Rejecting the bail plea moved by Mitra's lawyers, the chief judicial magistrate's court sent him to four days' custody in connection with the ponzi scandal.
 The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case. 

Andhra Pradesh dreams up 21st century smart StateAndhra Pradesh dreams up 21st century ‘smart State’
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 14:  
A five-grid network, mission-mode administrative initiatives, new-age university and institutions and a 21st century capital city are among the ambitious plans laid out by the AP government in pursuance of turning Andhra Pradesh into a seamlessly smart state.
A slew of initiatives particularly in the energy, gas, farming and IT sectors have been taken up by the government in that direction.
“We are building a capital city. This is perhaps the first capital city which is conceived and being built in the 21st century. All other capitals belong to the 20th century.
Now, you have this buzzword today which is ‘smart cities’.
“We can show in our new capital, what a smart city ought to be. What could it be,” Advisor (Communications) to the AP government, Parakala Prabhakar told PTI here.
Maintaining that the state government is not limiting itself to smart cities, he said, the idea is to build or convert villages, universities, institutes of higher learning, R&D institutions in a ‘smart’ way.
“All this put together will come to smart governance.
This will aggregate into a smart Andhra Pradesh. Our target now in the next five years is to make Andhra Pradesh, a smart Andhra Pradesh,” he said.
For the purpose, the government would put in place five grids — an optical fibre grid, a road grid, a gas grid, power grid and water grid.
The optical fibre grid takes optical fibre connectivity to all the households in every village and the road grid connects every village and the port to the hinterland.
Through the gas grid, the KG—basin and other gas resources would be brought to “every industry and every household for LPG, for CNG. The state has already been sanctioned an LNG terminal,” he said.
Under the power grid, the small number of habitations (predominantly tribal) in the remote areas of the state which do not have access to electricity would be electrified and the state is now part of the ‘24x7 power for all’ initiative of the Centre.
Separate pipelines would be laid for industry, agriculture and domestic consumption as part of the water grid.
“These five grids are going to make our state a smart state. We are working towards smart Andhra Pradesh. We are not confining ourselves to just build a few and far between cities which are smart. It is going to be smartness seamlessly throughout the state. This is going to be our agenda for the next five years,” Prabhakar said.
The state government would leverage funds from Union Government, international financial institutions, international lending agencies, the PPP route and also CSR funds for drinking water, education, skill upgrading and other areas, he said.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

Deepak Shastri takes over as Chennai airport directorDeepak Shastri takes over as Chennai airport director
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 14:  
Deepak Shastri has taken over as Director of the Chennai airport. He was the Regional Executive Director, Southern Region of Airports Authority of India (AAI).
Shastri has held various positions like General Manager/Executive Director in technical, aviation security, operations and commercial directorates at AAI Corporate Headquarters in New Delhi.
Before joining AAI, Shastri had served for ten years in Indian Army in the corps of Electrical and Mechanical Engineers. He is the alumni of Officers Training Academy (OTA), Chennai, according to a press release from Chennai airport.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

Govt to check dumping of bulk drugs from China: MinisterChina
(Minister of State for Fertilisers…)
NEW DELHI: Government will take steps to check import of bulk drugs from China, which is dumping the pharmaceutical ingredients in the country, a Union minister said today.
Minister of State for Fertilisers Hansraj Gangaram Ahir said there is tremendous scope for growth of pharma sector in India and the government believes in 'Make in India' principle.
He was speaking at the National Pharmaceuticals Conclave organised by CII here.
"China is challenge in front of us. We are aware that there is need for changes in policy .... It is dumping bulk drugs here. We will discuss and take necessary steps to check the imports of bulk drugs from China," Ahir added.
The Minister also advocated for higher coordination between research institutes and industry adding, "Our students can challenge anyone in the world and thus we can be the leading manufacturers."
A bulk drug or active pharmaceutical ingredient adds therapeutic effect to medicine.
Earlier, Union Fertilisers Minister Ananth Kumar had said that India is largely dependent on China for imports of drug ingredients of 12 essential drugs which are in the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM).
Kumar had added that a Committee of Secretaries had already been constituted under the Chairmanship of Secretary, Department of Health Research to study and identify the active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) of critical importance.
Government had decided to work out a package of interventions and concessions required to build domestic production capabilities and examine the cost implication, Kumar added.
Meanwhile speaking at the same event, Pharmaceuticals Secretary V K Subburaj said that government is soon to come up with Bulk Drugs policy that will have various concessions for all stakeholders of the pharmaceuticals sector.
The policy will have various concessions for all stakeholders of the pharmaceuticals sector so that it is put on the growth trajectory, Subburaj said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fourth phase: Sluggish polling in J-K; Jharkhand voters brave the coldComments
Braving the cold, Kashmiris came out to vote in large numbers in the fourth phase of assembly elections on Sunday even as the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) was embarrassed by its candidate Hina Bhat, who allegedly slapped a poll official.
Turnout in the 18 constituencies spread over three districts in the state stood at 49%, lower than the first three phases, but marginally higher than the last polls in 2008.
Chief minister Omar Abdullah’s Sonawar constituency with 44% turnout led among the eight Srinagar seats, where 28% polling was recorded, up seven percentage points from 2008. Poll boycotts announced by separatists generally hold sway in these seats.
While some areas such as Gojwara and Rajouri Kadal saw a poll boycott – Rajouri booths didn’t see a single vote cast – Amira Kadal, Batamaloo and Habba Kadal saw big jumps in turnout.
Amira Kadal also saw BJP’s Hina Bhat – fighting Abdullah’s aide Nasir Aslam Wani — slapping a polling official following a heated argument, said eyewitnesses. The action was condemned both by National Conference workers and Abdullah, who tweeted,
“The BJP candidate in Srinagar who earlier threatened to pick up a gun over Art 370 now slaps a polling officer. Well done.”
Outside Srinagar, many areas in south Kashmir clocked close to 60% turnout with the twin constituencies of Vijaypur and Samba in Jammu region leading with 81% and 77% votes cast.
Terror-hit Shopian recorded 52% turnout while Anantnag, where People’s Democratic Party chief Mufti Mohammad Sayeed is fighting, saw 38% votes polled. Shopian BJP candidate Javed Ahmad Qadri was also accused of beating up a voter inside a booth.
Brisk polling in Jharkhand
Notwithstanding inclement weather, fourth phase of polls in Jharkhand was peaceful and registered 61.08% turnout on Sunday.
Voters of 15 constituencies in four districts made a beeline for polling stations since morning to elect their representatives. In Giridih’s Pirtand people defied Maoists’ poll boycott call and came out in large numbers. However, no untoward incident was reported from any constituency. 
After this phase, elections are now over in 65 of the 81 assembly seats in Jharkhand.
Some of the constituencies witnessed drizzle that brought down the maximum temperature by five degrees Celsius below the normal.
The cold claimed one victim. A police constable (Chowkidar) of Bagodar police station Bhakur Kohl reportedly died on the premises of Dumri police station due to cold.
Overall voters’ turnout was about 7% higher than the last 2009 assembly polls in the 15 constituencies that went to polls in this phase, said officials.
“In 2009, the overall turnout was merely 54.64% in these 15 constituencies. Overall poll percentage may increase by one or 2% when final figure will arrive,” chief electoral officer (CEO) Jharkhand PK Jajoria said.
Voter turnouts in the first, second and third phase of the assembly election were 63.35%, 68.01% and 63.96%, respectively.
Both Jharkhand and J-K will hold the fifth and last stage of polling on December 20.

Muzaffarnagar riots: Six accused in Kutba killingsarrestedBy: Press Trust of India | Muzaffarnagar |
Posted: December 14, 2014 12:42 pm
Six persons have been arrested in connection with communal killings at Kutba village during Muzaffarnagar riots last year, police said. The accused were arrested yesterday and have been identified as Deshpal, Chatra, Buresh, Jitender, Guddu and Shoki, police said, adding they had been absconding since last year.
They were produced in court here and sent to judicial custody till December 25, police added. On December 8, one person was arrested in connection with the case. Eight persons, including a woman were killed and 20 others injured during riots in Kutba on September 8 last year. Police had registered cases against 110 rioters.
According to the Special Investigation Team (SIT), which was set up to probe the riots, more than 50 people were allegedly involved.

Dianna Agron splits from ThomasCocquerelBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 14, 2014 12:37 pm
‘Glee’ star Dianna Agron has reportedly split from her actor boyfriend Thomas Cocquerel after nine months of dating.
The 28-year-old actress, who started dating the 25-year-old actor in March this year, is believed to have called time on her relationship with Thomas a few weeks ago according to Us Weekly.
The news follows reports things had been getting very serious between the pair – who were first spotted getting close at the Coachella Music Festival in California in April – after the blonde beauty flew to Australia to meet the Sydney-born actor and his family over the summer.
The stars never officially confirmed that they were dating and are yet to comment on news they have split.
Meanwhile, Dianna and Thomas have both enjoyed a string of high profile relationships in the past.
Dianna, 28, previously dated ‘Magic Mike’ star Alex Pettyfer, ‘Now You See Me’ actor Dave Franco and 29-year-old Sebastian Stan.
Prior to his relationship with Dianna – who rose to fame after being cast as Quinn Fabray on the Fox series in 2009 – Thomas was in a relationship with Brit actress Lily Collins, 25.
The pair are said to have been introduced through a mutual friend.

Govt moots Rs 90k cr underground road for Mu...Nitin Gadkari moots Rs 90,000 crore underground ring road for Mumbai
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 05.34PM IST
Tags:
Ahmedabad-Mumbai highway
(Gadkari further said…)
MUMBAI: The Centre is planning to construct a tunnel ring road in the city that can be linked to the proposed Ahmedabad-Mumbai highway.
The cost of the tunnel ring road project, as per initial estimates, is around Rs 90,000 crore.
"To improve connectivity and at the same time ensure that the scenic beauty of the city is not disturbed while creating bridges and roads, we are considering building a tunnel road that would go up to the proposed Ahmedabad-Mumbai highway ," Union Road and Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari said here over the weekend.
He said the highway project, which has been on the back burner as there is a new proposal for a Surat-Mumbai elevated road, will be revived.
"We have carried out the feasibility study and also decided the alignment of the Surat-Mumbai highway. But it is still not finalised whether we will go ahead with the project or not. In meanwhile, we are also thinking about creating a tunnel ring road that will go up to the pending proposal of Ahmedabad-Mumbai highway," he said.
Gadkari said the idea of the tunnel road came to him when he visited Holland. "I saw the tunnel connecting Notre Dame to Belgium and this gave me the idea of constructing a tunnel road in the city," the minister said.
One section of the proposed tunnel road would start from the Mahim Creek in the central part of the city and connect the Bandra-Worli Sealink on the western fringe and connect also connect Nariman Point in the south.
Another section will begin from Sewre on the eastern periphery of the island city and extend undersea to connect the JNPT at Nhava Seva across the bay and will also connect the Mumbai Port on the eastern cost. The road will enjoin the proposed Mumbai-Ahmedabad highway from Bhayandhar on the northwestern periphery of the city, he said.
Gadkari further said initial estimate on the cost of construction is around Rs 90,000 crore and said fund is not an issue. But he was quick to add that bringing down the cost is a priority and accordingly the government will be appointing a consultant for this.
"We are studying ways to ensure the cost comes down to at least Rs 60,000 crore," he added.
He also assured that necessary assistance from the government side would be provided to make the project financially viable.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MS Dhoni has passed his use-by-date as a Test captain: IanChappellBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 14, 2014 12:51 pm
Former Australia cricket captain Ian Chappell feels India Test skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni has passed his use-by-date and it’s the perfect time to make Virat Kohli a full-time leader for the longest version of the game.
India’s stand-in skipper, Kohli scored centuries in both the innings and led a bold run chase on the final day to put his team within touching distance of winning the first Test before a batting collapse led to a 48-run defeat for the visitors in Adelaide.
“Kohli’s performance over three and a half days must have tempted the selectors into thinking now is the right time to elevate him to full-time Test captaincy. There’s no doubt that MS Dhoni has passed his use-by-date as a Test captain, and this seems the perfect time to enact the changeover,” Chappell wrote in his column for ESPNcricinfo.
“Kohli, India’s stand-in captain but potential full-time leader, countered with an innings marked by plenty of physical courage, producing a glittering array of shots after receiving a fearful blow to the head.
“Kohli’s innings issued a strong challenge to his own team and sent a simple but forceful message to his opponents: we will not be brushed aside as easily as the last time we were in Australia,” he wrote.
However, the 71-year-old, who captained Australia between 1971 and 1975, said Kohli’s inability to keep his emotions in check during an altercation on the fourth day of the match hasraised some concerns.
“The one issue that has always clouded the future of Kohli as a captain raised its ugly head in Adelaide when his emotions got the better of him as a second on-field altercation erupted,” Chappell wrote.
“Whereas in the first outbreak of hostilities Kohli remained calm and acted wisely in soothing some of his agitated team-mates, this time his frustration boiled over. He inflamed a debate that started with Rohit Sharma querying Smith’s method of kicking his offspinners, and then refused to be placated by the umpires’ attempts to get the game back on to an even keel.
“This is a young Indian side, full of potential and the desire to establish its competitive credentials. As a player, Kohli has indicated he’ll be buoyed by the leadership duties, not weighed down by them. However, his petulance on day four raised doubts about his ability to provide the calm, thoughtful presence that could mould the team’s potential into a combative winner.”

Lindsay Lohan launches animated mobilegamePosted: December 14, 2014 12:51 pm
Troubled star Lindsay Lohan has launched her own celebrity role-playing game.
The actress announced the launch of Lindsay Lohan’s The Price of Fame on her official Twitter account, reported Digital Spy.
She posted:
— Lindsay Lohan (@lindsaylohan) December 12, 2014
“In this game you are the celebrity, you pick your fashion and gain fans based off what you do and how you play,” she added.
Available for Apple and Android tablets and mobile devices, the game enables players to create a celebrity character and map their path to success.
It is free to download, but users can purchase in-game upgrades and extras to help them reach higher levels.
The premise is similar to that of Kim Kardashian West’s animated game Kim Kardashian: Hollywood, which was reported to have made over USD 43 million in its first three months on sale.

Top seven companies lost over Rs 1 lakh cr in a weekTop seven companies lost over Rs 1 lakh crore market value in a week
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 09.31PM IST
Tags:
ONGC
(The combined wealth erosion…)
NEW DELHI: The combined market valuation of top seven Sensex companies tanked by a whopping Rs 1 lakh crore in the past week, with TCS, ONGC and RIL taking the steepest hit.
The combined wealth erosion of these top seven Sensex firms, which also include SBI, HDFC Bank, Infosys and ICICI Bank, was Rs 1,02,431.31 crore. The total market value of all these seven firms stood at Rs 20.38 lakh crore in the week before.
The Sensex concluded the week at 27,350.68, disclosing a sharp fall of 1,107.42 points of 3.89 per cent -- the worst weekly drop since December 2011.
The market capitalisation (m-cap) of ONGC plunged Rs 24,725.37 crore to Rs 2,88,277.24 crore, taking the biggest hit among top-10 firms.
TCS's valuation dropped Rs 24,043.39 crore to Rs 4,81,004.83 crore. RIL's market value plunged Rs 23,988.04 crore to Rs 2,85,834.50 crore.
The m-cap of Infosys tumbled Rs 14,993.31 crore to Rs 2,22,706.01 crore, ICICI Bank fell Rs 7,439.74 crore to Rs 2,00,670.19 crore, SBI dropped Rs 4,740.74 crore to Rs 2,32,408.20 crore and HDFC Bank dipped Rs 2,500.72 crore to Rs 2,25,270.38 crore.
On the other hand, CIL added Rs 5,621.56 crore to Rs 2,30,768.37 crore, Sun Pharma's m-cap rose by Rs 4,282.96 crore to Rs 1,74,386.96 crore and that of ITC gained Rs 3,354.44 crore to Rs 3,15,996.74 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS retained its numero-uno position, followed by ITC, ONGC, RIL, SBI, CIL, HDFC Bank, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s  provocative  unfounded  statements not conducive to peace in region  warns PakIndia s  provocative  unfounded  statements not conducive to peace in region  warns Pak
Australian media pay rich tributes to Nathan LyonAustralian media pay rich tributes to Nathan Lyon
Prez recovering after angioplasty at Army hospitalPrez recovering after angioplasty at Army hospital
At the same time  for the same stock  looking at the same tetchnical c...Silver Member
1 Followers
At the same time, for the same stock, looking at the same tetchnical chart, the different technical analysts initiate different trade. Some are saying Buy at this level whereas some are saying SELL at this level. Why such differences. Whome to accept whome to reject. Better to listen to yourself. These professional analysts are just disturbing our stance.
1.31 PM Dec 14th 2014

Actor bears striking resemblance to young DhoniTweet
0
Sushant Singh Rajput, the current Bollywood hunk, is all set to surprise his fans with his new look as the captain of Indian cricket team. No, he is not becoming a cricketer. But he is definitely going to show his cricket skills in his next movie, which is a biopic on MS Dhoni.
There were reports that the Board of Control for Cricket in India was trying to block the movie on the ace cricketer. However, the BCCI has made it clear that the movie can be made as long as it doesn’t affect the career of the Mahendra Singh Dhoni as a cricketer.
Salman Khan’s Bigg Boss Season 8 house : Click Here For Breaking Updates, Photos
Neeraj Pandey, who was also the director of ‘A Wednesday’, will direct the biopic titled 'MS Dhoni - An Untold Story'. Sushant, who is playing 'Byomkesh Bakshi' and an important role in 'PK', revealed his new look as the young Dhoni sporting long hair and a cricket outfit.
Sushant is good at the sport and this was one of the reasons for him giving nod to this film. He has already shown glimpses of his cricketing skills in 'Kai Po Che'. But with Dhoni we will see Sushant as a complete cricketer.
The film also has south star Ram Charan playing Suresh Raina. Cricket fans, watch out for this film.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Our #OriginalSelfie at Arm s LengthOur #OriginalSelfie at Arm's Length
Mon 8 Dec, 2014
How do we see ourselves at the end of any year? What stares back at us from our various screens? The selfie was 2013’s word of the year, but in 2014 this age-old impulse came to live among us. It bonded prime ministers and bestselling novelists, the newly-inked fingers of voters and the hormonal bodies of teenagers, the adulterous and the ascetic, reality TV stars and HIV activists. How we tell our stories often depends on how we see ourselves, and how we want others to see us. At the end of this year, we asked six Indians to look hard at the shiny images around them – through journalism, fiction and the lush imagery of our multiple personas. 

BSE Sensex recovers 64 points ahead of inflation  IIPdataEarnings growth, policy, rate cut to shape market movement in 2015
The benchmark BSE Sensex today recovered over 64 points in early trade as participants indulged in fresh buying ahead of the retail inflation and IIP data due later in the day.
The 30-share index gained 64.20 points, or 0.23 per cent, to trade at 27,766.21 with stocks of IT, capital goods, metal and realty sectors leading the recovery. It had lost 229.09 points in the previous session.
The National Stock Exchange Nifty regained the 8,300-mark by rising 24.45 points, or 0.29 per cent, to 8,317.35.
Brokers said fresh buying by speculators and funds ahead of industrial production (IIP) data for October and inflation for November, to be released later in the day, contributed to the rise.
Further, a firming trend in other Asian markets following overnight gains at the US markets influenced trading sentiments here, they said.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was up 0.15 per cent while Japan’s Nikkei rose 0.35 per cent in early trade today.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 0.36 per cent higher in yesterday’s trade.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Crude sinks below 60 ; Global markets wobble. Will a further fall hurt global recoverSilver Member
1 Followers
crude is a political game in world to disturb economics of different countries, a tool to press. Now it is turn of govt to reduce fuel price of petrol, diesel. kerosene and LPG to extent of fall. This will also reduce burden of subsidy too....
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
10.28 PM Dec 12th 2014

ArcelorMittal  Tata Steel to Start Hedging Iron Ore: ReportAshiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
London: Top steelmakers ArcelorMittal and Tata Steel are dipping their toes into iron ore derivatives, marking a crucial milestone in developing trade for the world's second-largest commodity after oil.
Although the steelmakers continue to say publicly they do not use such products, sources said ArcelorMittal hedged a block of iron ore trades in September while Tata recently decided to use derivatives on a small scale next year.
"Arcelor are definitely trading iron ore swaps, they were active in September. But it's not being pushed top-down - they're trying to figure out how to organise themselves," a source with knowledge of the matter said.
A separate source said the decision to hedge at Tata had been taken at board level.
Both steelmakers declined to comment. Market sources say the two companies had opposed iron ore and steel derivatives on the grounds that such instruments could give speculators undue price influence.
Iron ore derivative volumes are set to reach some 550 million tonnes this year, having roughly doubled every year since their launch by the Singapore Exchange in 2009.
Steelmakers and merchants in China - by far the world's biggest iron ore consumer - embraced the products.
Now, with the cautious entry of ArcelorMittal and Tata, a trend could be set in motion whereby smaller rivals follow suit, speculators jump in and volumes soar even further.
"The entry of the mills could bring the derivatives market to a tipping point fairly soon," said Steve Randall, managing director of price-setting agency The Steel Index.
"I expect next year we'll see over 1 billion tonnes of iron ore derivatives traded. That's getting close to the 1.3 billion tonnes of physical seaborne iron ore traded each year," he added.
The popularity of iron ore derivatives coincided with an explosion in spot market volumes around five years ago, when the market moved from annual benchmark pricing to shorter-term contracts based on daily indices. That raised price volatility and the need by industry participants to better manage risk.
Prices of iron ore - a key steelmaking input - have been volatile this year, falling 48 percent. While this should increase hedging needs, some experts say weak prices might temper enthusiasm among smaller steelmakers for hedging.
"High-cost iron ore producers have been priced out of the market, so price volatility could ebb next year. Smaller steelmakers could then say iron ore is not that volatile so why hedge," an industry source said.
However, most agree the script for iron ore has been set. They note that steelmakers are already under pressure from their clients to use derivatives in order to offer supply contracts that have prices fixed for several years.
"We're approaching investors who we want to sell windmills to and if we have a big risk on the steel element it makes us less attractive. One-year contracts are good but we'd like two-to three-year contracts," said Nikolag Ager Hamann, from the procurement department at wind-farm developer Dong Energy.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Rs 5 Lakh-Crore Infra Plans to be Taken Up in 5 Years: MinisterWhat PM, Raghuram Rajan Will Discuss With Top Bankers in Pune
Mumbai: Infrastructure projects worth Rs 5 lakh crore can be taken up in the next five years, Union Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari said on Friday as the NDA government moves to tackle land and environment clearance issues that have stymied such ventures.
"Nearly Rs 2.8 trillion worth projects were stuck before I took charge. We must do a lot in the infrastructure sector. We believe projects worth Rs 5 trillion can be taken up in the next five years," he said at an event here.
Projects worth Rs 1.8 lakh crore have already kick-started after the BJP-led Government took charge in May-end, he said on Friday evening.
The minister said projects have been delayed due to various issues, including land acquisition, environment clearance and public protests, among others.
"There are various issues that needed to be addressed to ensure speedy approvals. Besides, each project has its own set of issues. We are now seeking information about each project and trying to address them individually."
Mr Gadkari said the government will take measures to ensure projects become cost effective so that they can be undertaken on PPP (public-private partnership) model.
"We need to make projects cost and quality effective. If measures can be taken to reduce the cost of construction and the States and the Centre give some relaxation on taxation at certain levels, projects can become viable and we can do them on PPP model. We want to do ports and water transport projects under the PPP model," Mr Gadkari said.
Development of inland water transport and ports will itself help increase GDP grow by an additional 2 per cent, he said, adding that it will also generate employment.
During the previous Manmohan Singh administration as many as Rs 28 lakh crore worth infra plans were stuck due to policy inaction and land acquisition issues, among others.
In June 2013, the UPA government set up a monitoring cell under PMO which cleared projects worth Rs 8 lakh crore. But banks still say there is no demand for project loans.
Mr Gadkari said his ministry's focus will be to give priority to water-ways followed by rail and roads.
"Inland water transport is the cheapest and pollution-free among all the other means of transport. We want to encourage water transport system."
He hinted at forming a national waterways authority on the lines of the one existing for highways.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 22:01 (IST)

Why You May Get 10.5% Salary Hike in 2015Deadline to Exchange Pre-2005 Notes Extended
New Delhi: A turnaround is expected globally during 2015 in terms of salary, with companies in India likely to dole out an average pay hike of 10.5 per cent, according to a report by HayGroup.
According to HayGroup's 2015 salary forecast, salaries across the globe are set to rise by an average 5.4 per cent in 2015 as compared with 5.2 per cent last year.
"This year we are seeing a big turnaround when salary rises are compared with predicted inflation rates," a Haygroup report said, adding, "In some emerging markets - the boom area of the last ten years - real wages are falling."
Among Asian economies, India is expected to see a salary rise of 10.5 per cent, followed by Indonesia at 10 per cent, China (8 per cent), Philippines (7.5 per cent), Malaysia (6.4 per cent), Thailand (6 per cent), Korea (5 per cent), Singapore (4.4 per cent) and Hong Kong (4 per cent).
According to the report, real pay (after taking inflation into account) is now rising in many European markets with previously struggling economies such as Greece and Ireland showing signs of recovery with small real rises.
The slowdown in Russia, Brazil and Ukraine was mirrored with real wage cuts, while high inflation erodes salaries in Latin American countries such as Venezuela and Argentina.
While the Latin America regional average stood at 9.7 per cent, Africa regional average at 6.9 per cent, Asia regional average was 6.8 per cent, followed by the Middle East (5.6 per cent), Europe (3.1 per cent) and North America (2.8 per cent).
Haygroup further noted that salaries are still rising in some Asian markets as the war for talent continues and globally Asia is likely to see the highest growth in real salaries in 2015.
The pay database was drawn from 16 million people in 24,000 organisations to show predicted salary increases forecast for 2015. We have compared them to inflation forecast data from Economist, October 2014.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 15:11 (IST)

90 second travel guide: Romeby Rumble 1:46 mins
6,400 views
Take our whirlwind tour of Rome and find all the hot-spots and best hidden gems of this amazing travel destination.
Link

Lyon breaks Kohli s  India s heartsMore
Lyon scripts incredible Australian win at Adelaide
Virat Kohli and Murali Vijay raised hopes of a draw - a possible win too - but Nathan Lyon's off-spin stopped them well short.
By George Binoy | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 13 Dec, 2014 12:47 PM IST
0
Lyon celebrates with his mates after taking the wicket of Kohli.
Australia 7 for 517 dec (Smith 162*, Warner 145, Clarke 128) and 5 for 290 dec (Warner 102) beat India 444 (Kohli 115, Lyon 5-134) and 315 (Kohli 141, Vijay 99, Lyon 7-152) by 48 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
A gladiatorial battle between bat and ball took place on the final day at Adelaide Oval, where a Test that had begun in sorrow a week after the death of Phillip Hughes was given a dazzling finish that highlighted the greatness of this game. India's champion was Virat Kohli, a debutant captain with his sight fixed on a formidable target while all but one of his team-mates failed to show similar steel. For Australia, it was the spindly Nathan Lyon , suffering unsympathetic umpiring to single-handedly drag his team back into the contest, making up for the bluntness of his faster colleagues. The Test was decided when Kohli pulled Lyon and was caught at deep midwicket, leaving Australia with 60 to defend and three wickets to take. They won by 48 runs.
Having dismissed only two batsmen while conceding 205 runs in the first two sessions, and left with only 158 to protect in at least 37 overs after tea, Australia claimed the last eight Indian wickets for 73. Lyon took six of them to finish the Test with career-best match figures of 12 for 286, preventing India from stealing a match they had been behind in for four days. Kohli graciously acknowledged as much after the game, but had left nothing in reserve while trying to pull off what would have been the seventh highest successful chase in Test cricket. He become the second batsman - after Greg Chappell - to make two hundreds in a Test on captaincy debut.
The cricket, however, was affected by poor umpiring. While there were some sharp decisions made over the first four days, the standards slipped drastically on the fifth, but perhaps unwittingly facilitated such an extraordinary contest. Ian Gould adjudged Shikhar Dhawan caught behind for 9, though the Mitchell Johnson bouncer had deflected off the batsman's shoulder. Marais Erasmus was Lyon's bane, failing to give Vijay lbw when he did not offer a shot on 24 and 64, and Kohli on 85. Erasmus then deemed Ajinkya Rahane caught at short leg, though Lyon's offbreak had bounced off the top of the front pad. The sight of Lyon imploring theatrically, often on his knees, was a recurring one.
How did it come to such a finish? Clarke had declared before play began, setting India a target of 364 and giving his bowlers 98 overs to take ten wickets. Johnson and Lyon reduced India to 2 for 57, but the visitors recovered to 105 without further damage at lunch. Kohli and Vijay then batted through the entire second session and scored 100 runs, and Australia's wicketless plight was exacerbated by the loss of Clarke to a hamstring injury that forced him off the field for the rest of the day, and perhaps the rest of the series. Brad Haddin took over the leadership. So while the day had begun with an Australian win the most likely result, followed by a draw, and then an Indian victory, the final session started with that order reversed.
Lyon was put under pressure immediately after tea. His first four overs cost 25 runs as Vijay punctuated the steady drip-drip of ones and twos with a charge-and-smash over the long-on boundary and an artistic flick from outside off stump into the gap at deep midwicket. The second shot took Vijay to 99, and Lyon, despite so many decisions going against him, had the grace to applaud the skill exhibited. In the next over, from Ryan Harris , Kohli pushed towards mid-off and sprinted the single to bring up his second hundred of the Test, from 135 balls. His celebrations were not angry this time.
By the time Lyon had Vijay on strike again, the batsman had played six nervous balls on 99. Lyon bowled an offbreak - the sort he had been delivering all day for scant reward - that pitched in the rough outside off and spat sharply back at the right-hander. Vijay went deep into his crease, right in front of his stumps, and missed the flick. Erasmus was finally convinced and an lbw appeal was upheld for the first time in the match. India's second-wicket partnership was broken on 185 scored at 3.71 to the over; they were 122 from victory and had seven wickets in hand. Five balls later, Rahane was sawn off. There was no increment in the total.
Kohli now faced an entirely different reality, one driven home by Rohit Sharma 's struggles to cope with the conditions. It firmed his aggression. Kohli caressed Harris through extra cover, whipped Lyon through mid-on, and steered and pulled Johnson for consecutive boundaries, bringing India within less than 100 runs of victory. He also passed his previous best Test score of 119.
Lyon would not be cowed. He delivered a craftily flighted offbreak that dipped as Rohit lunged outside off stump to defend. It spun sharply, smacked the glove and lobbed towards the alert David Warner at leg slip. India still needed 85; Australia were a wicket away from the tail.
Having watched Kohli slap Lyon against the turn to the cover boundary, Wriddhiman Saha also attacked the offspinner, following a six over long-off with a sweep to the square-leg boundary. Lyon was undeterred and continued to toss it up, and a ball later Saha was beaten on the charge and bowled.
The game had now decisively swung in Australia's favour. Only Kohli remained. He had swept Lyon authoritatively all day - not conventional sweeps but hard, flat-batted ones - and he did so again to keep India's hope flickering. Lyon's next ball was short - it was one of his worse deliveries - and Kohli went back to pull. The aim was to reduce the 60 runs required by four or six, but he dragged the shot towards Mitchell Marsh at deep midwicket. Marsh ran in, sank to his knees, and smiled in relief after taking the catch. Kohli stood for an age in his crease, crestfallen over his bat, as the Australians rejoiced at the match-winning wicket. They knew surviving 16.2 overs was a task beyond India's tail.
Kohli walked off to a rousing ovation. Not long after, the Adelaide Oval crowd rose again after India's last wicket had fallen to applaud Lyon and his team-mates as they left the field. The Test had been given a memorable finish, but Kohli's feat on the fifth day had disguised the mismatch it had been over the first four. India's bowlers had managed to take only 12 wickets. Lyon had matched that on his own.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

DDA Approves Proposal for Incentivizing Green BuildingsYou are here: Home Industries
DDA Approves Proposal for Incentivising Green Buildings
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 13, 2014 18:09 (IST)
What PM, Raghuram Rajan Will Discuss With Top Bankers in Pune
New Delhi: The Delhi Development Authority on Saturday approved a proposal for incentivizing green buildings and formulating regulatory mechanism to monitor construction, operation and maintenance of rainwater harvesting structures of buildings and campuses.
For this purpose, necessary modifications in the Master Plan 2021 (MPD 2021) were also approved in a meeting of the DDA held under the chairmanship of Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung at the Raj Niwas on Saturday, the authority said in a statement.
In order to encourage such buildings to come up, incentive by way of extra ground coverage, FAR (floor area ratio) will be given by the local body concerned depending upon the provisions made, it said.
Maximum incentive shall be 5 per cent in case of ground coverage and FAR. These incentives shall be based on the rating criteria prescribed by the rating agencies approved by the ministry concerned of the Union government for green buildings, DDA said.
Other decisions taken at the meeting were approval for utilisation of enhanced FAR by co-operative group housing societies as provided in the new MPD 2021.
As per this relaxation, the existing cooperative group housing societies may avail additional FAR as stipulated in MPD-2021 in terms of continuation or extension of new flats but subject to structural safety certificate from competent structural engineer and proper safety certificate from Delhi Fire Services and environment clearances, besides height clearances from Delhi Urban Art Commission, the statement added.
Story first published on: December 13, 2014 13:17 (IST)

National Auditor Seeks 4G Rollout Status From Telecom Department: ReportNew Delhi: With four and a half years having passed since allocation 4G spectrum, the Comptroller Auditor General (CAG) has asked the Department of Telecommunication (DoT) to provide the rollout status of the broadband wireless access services by these entities.
The successful bidders were given five years to roll out the 4G services by July 2015.
"CAG last week wrote to DoT seeking roll-out status of network by the successful bidders - Aircel, Bharti Airtel, Qualcomm (acquired by Bharti), Tikona, Infotel (now Reliance Jio Infocomm) and Augere," an official source said.
As per auction conditions, all of them have to provide 90 per cent coverage in metro area, if they has spectrum there, and 50 per cent of rural area within five years. If a company fails to meet roll-out conditions, spectrum will be taken back.
These six companies won BWA spectrum, which can be used for 4G services, in 2010. The government had raised over Rs 35,000 crore through this auction.
The BWA spectrum was allocated to all companies, except Qualcomm, in July 2010. Qualcomm was allocated BWA spectrum in May 2012 due to a a dispute with DoT which was later resolved in court.
Airtel in October 2013 acquired subsidiaries of US electronic chipmaker Qualcomm, which had purchased spectrum in Delhi, Mumbai, Haryana and Kerala.
Till date, only Airtel and Aircel have announced partial launch of services using BWA spectrum.
Infotel, now Reliance Jio, is the only company to hold pan-India BWA spectrum but it is yet to launch its services. Reliance Jio has announced that company will launch its 4G services in 2015 in around 5,000 towns and cities, accounting for over 90 per cent of urban India and over 215,000 villages.
Story first published on: December 13, 2014 01:54 (IST)

Three-goal blast from Kerala has Chennaiyin FC stunnedsoccer
This was a night when the Kerala Blasters, the dwarf of the Hero Indian Super League with the poorest scoring record, turned into a giant. In front of nearly 61,000 roaring fans, the Blasters thrashed league topper Chennaiyin FC 3-0 in the first-leg semifinal at the Nehru Stadium here on Saturday night.
Two quick goals, which came in a two-minute spell just before the half-hour mark through an inspired right winger Ishfaq Ahmed and striker Iain Hume, virtually killed the game which had looked an even contest till then.
And then, just when the referee was about to bring the shutters down, the Kerala-born substitute Sushanth Mathew, who had come in just ten minutes earlier, made it a memorable day for the host with a lovely long-ranger.
The Blasters had never enjoyed a night like this in the ISL and with its back four, despite being without its injured star Cedric Hengbart, and goalkeeper Sandip Nandy doing a brilliant job, the home side walked away a happy winner.
With the return of the league’s top scorer Elano Blumer and the arrival of the Alessandro Nesta, Chennaiyin looked strong on paper. But it was the home side which looked convincing early, finding a nice road on the left to move up smartly.
After Hume had done the early running, Stephen Pearson sent a good cross into the box, but there was none to receive it. Michael Chopra sent another promising pass from the left but Hume could not put a proper head to it.
At the other end, Chennai’s French defender Bernard Mendy went on a hot run and fed Jeje and a little later, Balwant sent a measured pass from the left to Jeje but the forward’s diving header was taken nicely by custodian Nandy.
Even Elano Blumer, a very dangerous man with set pieces, got a couple of freekicks but he appeared to have lost his famed touch tonight, slamming one straight to the wall and then messing up another.
Despite all the big names around him, it was Ishfaq Ahmed who turned out to be the day’s hero.
Ahmed gave the Blasters the lead with a well-placed shot from the right off a Victor Forcada pass. Excited with his first goal of the tournament, the right winger took off his shirt in celebration and earned a yellow card for that.
He was an inspired man after that. Stephen Pearson, on the left, sent a nice cross to Ahmed and as the midfielder tried to relay it, the Chennai defence, which had looked very shaky in its last few games, appeared confused.
Denson Devdas tried to clear the danger but the ball just deflected off the midfielder and went straight to Hume who slammed it home in a jiffy. The team’s co-owner Sachin Tendulkar celebrated it with Yuvraj Singh and Zaheer Khan.
Shocked by the turn of things, Chennai came up with a series of attacks. A Micheal Silvestre tap, off an Elano Blumer corner, and efforts by Balwant and Jeje all were handled smartly by Nandy.
A distraught Chennaiyin brought in Bruno Pelisseri for Elano Blumer in the 51st minute in the hope that it would turn things around. Chennai looked vibrant after this but with the home defenders Nirmal Chettri, Gurwinder Singh, Colin Falvey and James McAllister standing firm, nothing came of it.
Instead, it was Blasters which came up with a long-range stunner from Sushanth Mathew, who had looked mostly off-colour in previous games, in the dying minutes of the match.
The two teams will play the second leg of the semifinal in Chennai on Tuesday.
The result (semifinal): Kerala Blasters 3 (Ishfaq Ahmed 27, Iain Hume 29, Sushanth Mathew 90 + 3) bt Chennaiyin FC 0.

After Ministers arrest  Mamata takes Modi head-onpolitics
If an image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then Modi should be arrested for Sahara scam, she says.
Taking to the streets against the arrest of State Transport and Sports Minister Madan Mitra, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said here on Saturday that if an “image was proof of criminal conspiracy, then Prime Minister Narendra Modi should be arrested” for his role in the Sahara money-laundering scam.
Mr. Mitra was arrested by the CBI on Friday for his alleged role in the multi-crore Saradha scam.
Launching a scathing attack on the Bharatiya Janata Party-led Union government and Mr. Modi for using the CBI as a “political tool” to arrest Mr. Mitra, Ms. Banerjee likened the Saradha scam to the Sahara scam.
“If the CBI is arresting those associated with the Saradha scam, why are players in teams sponsored by Sahara not being arrested? ... The CBI has lost all credibility and has become his master’s voice?” she said. Ms. Banerjee said Mr. Mitra was summoned to depose as a witness and was arrested following a phone call from New Delhi.
Ms. Banerjee lost her temper during her speech

Train fares likely to go up early next yearTrain fares likely to go up early next year
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 14:  
The next Rail Budget to be presented early next year could contain a proposal for raising fares to pass on the burden of rising power cost to passengers.
The fuel adjustment component-linked tariff revision due in December will be effected in the Rail Budget in February and there is a need for upward revision as energy cost has gone up by over 4 per cent in the recent months, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
According to Railways’ announced policy, fare and freight revision linked to fuel and energy cost is being done twice a year. The last revision was done in June wherein passenger fares were revised by 4.2 per cent and freight rates by 1.4 per cent.
Hinting at a possible fare hike, new Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu had said at a recent event that “some burden has to be shared by people.”
Asked about the possibility of raising train fares to meet the growing expenses in Railways, Prabhu, known for his pro-reform approach, did not rule out the possibility saying “passenger service should be improved before increasing the fares. Safety cannot be compromised. There is a need for big investment. Some burden has to be shared by people.”
Expressing serious concern over the Railways’ financial health, Prabhu had said it is “too close for comfort” and highlighted the urgent need for massive investment to meet the safety requirement and upgrading in the rail infrastructure.
“Railways requires big investment. There is no fund for investment. There is requirement of Rs 6 lakh crore to Rs 8 lakh crore for completion of announced projects,” he had said.
The minister, who is also meeting MPs in batches to make himself aware of their demands and aspirations before the Rail Budget, said to meet these demands, the requirement is about Rs 20,000 crore.
Prabhu, after assuming charge, is learnt to have taken a series of steps to bring the national transporter reeling under massive fund crunch back on the track.
While the cross-subsidisation in passenger sector is hovering around Rs 26,000 crore, there is a fall in passenger bookings too. Passenger bookings have come down during April-November by 1.43 per cent as compared to the corresponding period last year.
The total number of passenger tickets booked during this period was 5581.33 million compared to 5662.54 million in the same period last year, according to Railway Ministry data.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

FM Jaitley best performer   Make in India  most promising: PollArun Jaitley
(The finance minister has…)
The finance minister has been the most impressive among his Cabinet colleagues in the past 200 days. Make in India trumps other government initiatives like Swachh Bharat and Smart Cities, the disbanding of the Planning Commission is touted as the most significant policy reform and prime minister Modi's visit to the United States is perceived to be the most successful of all his foreign trips.
Those are the findings of an ET Magazine poll to which some 6,775 visitors to economictimes.indiatimes.com responded between December 10 and 12.
Jaitley clearly has begun well, with a little over half of the respondents voting for him as the best-performing minister so far.
Piyush Goyal, minister of state with independent charge for power, coal and new and renewable energy, and Nirmala Sitharaman, minister of state (independent charge) for ministry of commerce and industry as well as minister of state for finance and corporate affairs, are a distant second and third, respectively.
Jaitley also gets a fair bit of support for his — and the BJP-led government's — crusade to bring back money from overseas; only 23% feel the government won't succeed in this endeavour whilst 44% are optimistic (the rest aren't sure).
Replacing the Planning Commission with a new body and increasing FDI limits in critical sectors are the reforms that have impressed the respondents the most.
Surprisingly, the relaunch of the savings scheme Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP) isn't really a big hit, with only 6% of the respondents seeing it as significant; perhaps many of them agree with the Congress view that KVPs could be used to launder black money.
The good news for the embattled Congress is that the party is still being considered the most effective Opposition. Well, the recent 'slips-of-tongue' in Parliament by the ruling party may be doing their bit to help the Grand Old Party get its mojo back.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Electricity Act amendment: Modi govt s reforms seem to be a mixed blessingCentral Electricity Regulatory Commission
(The government is all set…)
The Narendra Modi government has been criticised in the last few months for not going about with reforms as enthusiastically as hoped but, in one sector, at least, expect major changes. Continuing an initiative held over from the previous regime, the NDA cabinet earlier this week, passed big changes to the Electricity Act, the main law which governs the economics of the sector.
If passed by Parliament, consumers could get the choice to buy power from companies of their choice rather than being tied to a single provider as is the case in most states. At the same time though, this could accelerate a process by which state utilities' losses deepen, imposing a heavy fiscal burden on their parent governments.
Experts that ET Magazine spoke to had mixed reactions about the changes. Surya P Sethi, a former principal advisor on power to earlier governments, hailed the reforms as 'essential for competition'. While arguing that the Act had been poorly implemented so far, he said: "I am glad this is being done now. Better late than never." Others were more circumspect.
Says Ashwini Chitnis, a senior research associate at Prayas Energy Group, a non-profit organisation looking at energy sector policy issues. "The amendments aim at making fundamental changes to the sector structure and organisation, but it is not clear how these changes will help in tackling issues such as state utility losses, rising tariffs, fuel availability problems, and poor quality of service ."
Moving Reforms Along
In the first set of reforms starting in the mid-90s, a major aim was to split existing power companies into separate parts, each focused on generating power, transmitting it, or distributing it to the end consumer. This enabled distribution companies to buy power in the open market, from generators across the country, rather than from companies owned by the state of which they were a part.
"What possibly the government wants to do is actually take that one step forward. What the reforms aim to do is replicate this freedom for the end consumer as well," says Sushanta K Chatterjee, head of regulatory affairs at the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC), the apex regulator for the power sector.
Even in the current regime, the socalled open access is allowed for larger consumers with a load of 1 MW and above. A factory in Gurgaon for instance can, in theory, at least, buy power from any provider in the country, or even from a short-term power market such as IEX at a lower rate, rather than from the default distributor which, in most cases, is owned by the state government.
But open access never really took off for one simple reason: the biggest loser in this deal — the default distributor — was also the one that controlled the wires leading to the customer. The company that controlled the pipes was entitled to a surcharge for allowing its infrastructure to be used to supply power — and while the surcharge was regulated, it was often set very high, making any open access deal financially unviable. While power sector regulators in each state were in theory independent and could set such surcharges at a level that was competitive, in many cases they did not and were heavily under the influence of the state government, which also happened to be the parent of the distribution company in question.
 
But even apart from the surcharges, the state government had effective control over the transmission infrastructure within the state boundaries and could simply block any flow of power to an open access buyer from the seller. "A big problem was that the state-owned incumbent blocked access to market to competitors — through influence over the network operator as also state regulators imposing very high cross-subsidy surcharge and additional surcharge on open access — both being owned by the state government," says Amit Kapur, partner with J Sagar Associates, a law firm.
What the new reforms aim to do is to take the physical wire network and move that into a separate company for a given region or area (say, south Delhi or north Mumbai). Within a given area, multiple distribution companies would be licenced to operate and offer power to consumers, with all of them having the right to supply power to a given consumer, while paying a set, common fee to the company which now owns the wires.
By separating 'carriage' and 'content' this way, the Act aims to level the playing field between an existing supplier in any area who also happens to own the pipes, and challengers who want to enter with cheaper costs and power contracts but are hampered from doing so because of the costs of building an entire network. Your local distribution company will then be only responsible for billing you for the power you used, and collecting money.
Will it Work?

Google marks 90th birthday of Raj Kapoor with a doodleGoogle marks 90th birthday of Raj Kapoor with a doodle
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Dec 14:  
Search engine major Google has marked the 90th birth anniversary of legendary actor-director Raj Kapoor with a doodle on its homepage.
Born in 1924, Raj Kapoor was also know as "The Show Man" and won two national awards and a number of film-fare awards.
He also won the Padma Bhushan and the Dada Saheb Phalke awards.
Some of his memorable films include Shree 420, Mera Naam Joker, Awaara and Jis Desh Mein Ganga Behti Hain.
Some of his directorial ventures include movies like Mera Naam Joker, Satyam Shivam Sundaram and Bobby.
Today's doodle has Raj Kapoor in one of his iconic roles from the movie Shree 420 and is dressed as a tramp.
In the background, the doodle features the silhouettes of the actor and his co-star Nargis from the same movie.
The images are synonymous with a one of the still hit and evergreen songs from the movie - "Pyaar hua Ikraar hua..."
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

Modi shines in online world | 200 days of govt: What first-time BJP MPs are doingBJP
(The PM shines as a reformer…)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi versus superstar Rajnikanth — how is that for a match-up? Perish the delicious thought, for now we just have netizens comparing the two.
It was inevitable though, with the aura of invincibility around the two and the Modi government completing 200 days in office on the eve of the release of the Rajni starrer, Lingaa.
To mark 200 days of the Modi Sarkar, ET Magazine got big data research firm MavenMagnet to crawl the internet to gauge the mood on the day.
MavenMagnet's patented methodology for the survey gleans opinions out of public conversations without asking questions (see Methodology). Rajanikanth has company though; Modi is also being compared to Singham.
Never mind the scenes in Parliament, Modi still seems to be enjoying a honeymoon with the virtual world, with a net 22% positive vibe around him.
A large segment, or 61%, remains neutral or mildly positive. On the 200th day, that is Thursday, December 11, Modi also scored brownie points by congratulating President Pranab Mukherjee and tweeting in Russian to welcome president Putin.
Foreign relations, infusion of national pride, governance and his Kashmir pitch dominated the online discussions around him and his role as prime minister.
The discussions that focused on him personally hovered around his vision and his ability to engage with the masses.
The negative vibes were generated by the usual suspects. Positives and negatives split the vibes baskets down the middle in topics like 'communal harmony' and 'secularism'.
However, these topics themselves have not gathered enough traction yet to dominate the discussion around Modi and the most prominent words around him are "vision" and "shares" or "meets" followed by "developed". Even words like "RSS" or "Hindu" are not prominent.
The man-in-charge imagery clearly is winning the day as this comment from an anonymous commentator shows: "Powerful Modi can only solve all India problems and put the opposition and even his own ministers in place." Over to the next 200 days.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IOC is India s biggest company: Fortune 500 listIOC is India s biggest company: Fortune 500 list
39 tribal Christians re-converted to Hinduism in Bastar: BJP MPPakistani boat carrying explosives caught by Indian Coast Guard off Gujarat; 4 men refuse to surrender, 'blow themselves up'
As many as 39 tribal Christians were re-converted to Hinduism in the Naxal-hit Bastar district of Chhattisgarh in October this year, a BJP MP today said.
The event, organised by Vishwa Hindu Parishad and Bajrang Dal at Madhota Village, was attended by Bastar MP Dinesh Kashyap.
“In the month of October, VHP brought back to Hinduism 39 tribals who had adopted Christianity. I attended the event,” Kashyap said over telephone.
He said there was no forced conversion.
He claimed that Christian missionaries in Bastar district have converted a large number of tribals.
The tribals had told VHP that they wanted to come back to Hinduism so the re-conversion was organised, he claimed.
Bastar SP Ajay Yadav said an argument took place between the two groups on October 25 in Madhota Village and both the sides had registered complaints.
Yadav said, “Sometime before the incident, we had received information that some tribals who had embraced Christianity were re-converted to Hinduism.”
But till now no complaint has been registered by any of the tribals who were re-converted, he said.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Assembly elections live: J&K records 10.27 per cent polling till 10 amAssembly elections live: J&K records 49 per cent polling overall, says Election Commission
IBNLive.com | Dec 14, 2014 at  06:21pm IST
Voting to begin in the fourth phase of Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Achche Din for jobs: Cos to hire more  pay m...achche din
(On the platter for the job…)
NEW DELHI: In preparation for 'achche din' promised by the new government, India Inc has big plans for 2015 when it comes to hiring people and doling out pay hikes.
On the platter for the job market, the companies are promising an estimated 3-5 lakh new jobs, an increase of 15-20 per cent in headcount and average pay hike of 10-12 per cent that can go up to 30 per cent for certain roles and sectors.
These ambitious plans, which experts mostly attribute to an upsurge in business sentiments since the new government took over around middle of the year, would make 2015 a much better year for the job market than 2014.
According to various human resource firms and job consultancy organisations, Indian companies recorded an average hiring growth of 10-12 per cent in 2014, while salary hikes stood at about 8-10 per cent.
With the economy showing signs of an upturn and the positivity continuing in the business sentiment, the experts believe that the hiring activities should get only better and the companies would dole out double-digit salary hike to attract the right talent.
The job market may get a further boost if foreign firms come to set shop here after certain sectors are opened up for further overseas investments, as promised by the government.
According to the global human resource solution provider, Aon Hewitt, the average salary increase for 2014 as projected by over 500 organisations in India stood at 10 per cent, with a range of 8.8 per cent to 12 per cent across industries.
Global major HayGroup says that the companies in India are likely to dole out an average pay hike of 10.5 per cent in 2015 -- much better than many other countries in Asia.
Another major global consultancy Mercer said that the Indian companies are likely to keep their average salary hike at 11 per cent in 2015, up from 10.6 per cent in 2014.
While hiring growth is expected to be robust across the sectors, IT, healthcare and pharma, manufacturing and engineering and retail could be the primary drivers of hiring followed by telecom, FMCG and financial services, staffing firm TeamLease Services' Senior VP Kunal Sen said.
In order to attract and retain key talent, apart from the general compensation increases, organisations would invest in wellness programs, retirement models, financial wellness, cohesive workforce and partnering with colleges to create specific talent pool. Attrition and growth may remain stable.
According to the Employment Outlook Survey by workforce solutions major ManpowerGroup, Indian employers are expecting a brisk hiring pace for the January-March period and India has also emerged one of the most optimistic nations in the world in terms of hiring plans for the next three months.
Campus placements are already in full-swing and hiring plans of many companies, whose expansion plans were stuck due to policy paralysis, are now getting green signals.
Sectors like infrastructure, power, energy, manufacturing, IT, ITES, retail, e-commerce, banking and non-profit sector would also see high demand.
A stable government at the Centre is likely to be a major trigger for robust growth in the job market in 2015 as there is likely to be faster passage of policies and legislations.
In addition, the emphasis of the government on the manufacturing sector is expected to create 100 million jobs in the next ten years in the manufacturing, mining and infrastructure sector.
  Moreover, initiatives like 'Make in India' would entail significant job creation in the manufacturing, automation sectors in the coming year. While, the plan to create 100 smart cities is expected to fuel job growth further.
According to Indian Staffing Federation, an apex body of staffing industry in India, the job growth is likely to touch 12 per cent fuelled by a growing market demand, while salaries can grow by 12-15 per cent in 2015.
Some sectors can see salary escalations in excess of even 30 per cent, ISF President Rituparna Chakraborty said.
The HR experts also said that the new year is expected to be a candidate-driven job market, when companies are likely to go out of their way to lute the perfect candidate.
"Organisations that will emphasise on non-monetised employee benefit programs with a focus to increase employee value proposition will have competitive edge to get key talent. In addition, hiring and retaining critical talent remains a challenge with companies trying to enhance pay for performance programs," said Sambhav Rakyan, Data Services practice leader, Asia Pacific at global professional services company Towers Watson.
Going by various employment indices, the Indian job market has shown an improvement on a month-on-month basis since the start of 2014 and this momentum is expected to continue in the coming year as well.
As per leading job portal Naukri.com, there has been a significant rise in hiring activity since the beginning 2014, while the momentum picked up significantly after May.

Does multiple celebrity endorsers help a brandDoes endorsement from multiple celebrities at the same time help a brand?
Ishani Duttagupta, ET Bureau Dec 14, 2014, 03.14AM IST
Tags:
Aishwarya Rai
(Though TAG Heuer currently…)
Recently, Swiss luxury watch brand TAG Heuer roped in Bollywood heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor as its brand ambassador. Nothing unusual about that, considering Ranbir endorses major brands such as Panasonic and Nissan; and TAG is known for opting for the best of Hollywood and Bollywood to back its label. To be sure, the brand has had stars from Steve McQueen and Uma Thurman to Leonardo DiCaprio and Brad Pitt.
Except that never has more than one film celebrity endorsed TAG at the same time. Currently, Cameron Diaz is the only actor on the brand's endorsement list — the rest are largely sportspersons, including Cristiano Ronaldo and Maria Sharapova. TAG annually changes its ambassadors, replacing older ones with fresher faces. For example, before Diaz came on board in 2012, Leonardo DiCaprio was the Hollywood face of TAG.
In Different Zone
India, though, may be an aberration — at least as things stand now — with two Bollywood superstars promoting the Swiss luxury label. Along with the 32-year-old Kapoor, there's also Shah Rukh Khan (SRK), now 49, who has been TAG's ambassador since 2003. The obvious question then: is the brand ambassadors' version of succession planning playing out at TAG in India? After all, it has happened in other categories; around five years back, Pepsi ended its decade-long associations with the likes of SRK and Sachin Tendulkar to bring on younger ambassadors. And, guess who led that youth brigade? Ranbir Kapoor!
TAG Heuer, for its part, denies that it is going down the same road. "Bringing the two biggest stars of Bollywood together is not just the first for our segment, it's also a first for us globally. As a company, it's in our DNA to break the rules and we wanted to bring together both the biggest names in Bollywood today — SRK and Ranbir Kapoor — to communicate our leadership," explains Puneet Sewra, marketing director, TAG Heuer.
Sewra adds that there are no plans to replace SRK, who has been a TAG brand ambassador for over a decade, with Ranbir, currently the hottest young gun of Bollywood. "Ranbir is not replacing SRK, and there's no clash between the two. Through Ranbir Kapoor, we are reaching out to young consumers in the 18-25 age bracket; in many ways both our brand ambassadors represent the same kind of values in their Bollywood career, of doing things differently and both have played anti-hero roles. It's about what differentiates the two of them and not about their age."
He also points out that the fact that India is the only country with two brand ambassadors from the film world points to the confidence TAG has in the Indian market. Brand gurus, however, are not as convinced, and find it difficult to concede that age has nothing to do with the brand appeal of a celebrity — even if the person in question is SRK.
"There are indeed very subliminal but robust ways of putting succession planning into place in the brand-endorsement space and it's a great thing to do really. In cases where the current brand ambassador was losing sheen in his/her space of work, be it cinema or cricket or whatever, a second and third face become a way of gradual succession planning," brand consultant Harish Bijoor told ET Magazine.
 
Happy Coexisting
And how does the new ambassador on the block himself see the situation? "I have grown up watching Mr Shah Rukh Khan's movies and his work has always inspired me. He was part of the TAG campaign for many years and it was so cool for me to wear a watch that he wears; and now to wear it with him is a dream come true," Ranbir Kapoor told ET Magazine in an exclusive interview while launching the brand's new campaign 'Don't Crack Under Pressure'.
Ranbir adds that he is careful when choosing brands to associate with and has often rejected offers. "Like my movies, my brands are my identity and people start identifying me with them. I will only become the face of those products that I use and love in my own life. It's important because the companies are talking to their target audience through me and I have to be sensitive to them."
Though TAG Heuer currently doesn't have any plans of featuring both its brand ambassadors together in any of its promos, Ranbir says he would love to be in the same frame with SRK. "It would be a dream come true — to do something with both TAG Heuer and Mr Khan. In fact, to work together in any capacity with him would be a dream come true." What's clear is that today SRK and Ranbir are pretty much at the top of the heap in terms of star value. US consultancy American Appraisal, which recently conducted India's first celebrity brand valuation study, found that amongst Bollywood stars only SRK and Ranbir have valuations north of $100 million.

Mamata Banerjee links PM Modi to Sahara scamMamata Banerjee links PM Modi to Sahara scam
President Mukherjee undergoes heart procedurePresident Mukherjee undergoes heart procedure
Kids must undergo vision health screeningregularlyBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Washington |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:02 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 1:06 pm
All children should undergo vision health screening between age 36 and 72 months – preferably every year – using evidence-based test methods and with effective referral and follow-up, suggest experts.
The national expert panel to the National Center for Children’s Vision Health, US, has made these recommendations for vision health in preschool-aged children.
Preschool-aged children need screening for early detection of vision problems, particularly refractive error (vision problems requiring glasses), amblyopia (“lazy eye”) and strabismus (a disorder of eye alignment).
“Unfortunately, many children receive neither appropriate screening to help identify those who need immediate eye attention, nor a comprehensive examination by an eye care professional prior to beginning school,” said Anthony Adams, editor-in-chief of Optometry and Vision Science that published the study.
Quick diagnosis and referral to an eye care professional (optometrist or ophthalmologist) has major implications for school readiness and child development, the authors said.

Brad Haddin will do a wonderful job as captain  says MichaelClarkeBy: Press Trust of India | Adelaide |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:02 pm
Injured skipper Michael Clarke has backed Brad Haddin as Australia cricket captain for the remainder of the Test series against India saying he is confident that the wicket-keeper batsman will get all the support from the team to do a “wonderful” job.
Clarke was effusive in his praise for Haddin, who had captained Australia to a 48-run victory after the regular skipper was forced out of the field in the 44th over yesterday owing to a right hamstring injury.
With Clarke ruled out of the remaining of the Test series due to his injury, Haddin is expected to captain the side in Brisbane for the second Test starting Wednesday.
“Hadds did a fantastic job,” Clarke said.
“He has got a lot of other senior players around him which I’m sure would have helped him, they certainly help me when I’m out there.
“And I have got all the faith in the world that things won’t change in the next three Tests matches with Brad in charge, if he is the captain.
“I’m very confident he will do a wonderful job and he has got a lot of support,” Clarke was quoted as saying by Australian media.
Australia snatched victory from the jaws of defeat in the first Test after they snapped eight Indian wickets for just 73 runs and Clarke said Haddin will continue the attacking brand of cricket.
“The one thing I’m most proud of is we didn’t shy away from trying to win the game,” he said.
“We continued to attack, to try to take wickets. And that is the brand of cricket I love seeing Australia play.”
Shaun Marsh will replace Clarke for the second Test beginning on Dec 17.

Drug addiction leads to darkness  destruction  devastation: PM Narendra Modi on Mann KiBaatBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 15, 2014 12:54 am | Updated: December 15, 2014 3:31 am
Linking the money involved in the drug business to terrorism, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday asked drug users to think of the possibility of money they spend on drugs eventually financing the bullets that kill the country’s security personnel.
“Have you ever thought? Just imagine… the money from these drugs going to terrorists. What if terrorists buy weapons with this money? And what if those weapons are used by a terrorist to pump bullets in the chest of my country’s security personnel,” the PM said during the third Mann ki Baat radio programme.
“Just think… you also love your country… you also respect our soldiers. Then how can you support a business that helps terrorists and drug mafia?” Modi said.
Modi asked parents to set goals and targets for their children to ensure there is no vacuum in their lives. Modi also stressed that abusing drugs was neither a “style statement”, nor was it “cool”. He said that youngsters should say no to drugs and have the courage to “reject” it whenever their friends endorse drugs.
The PM also called drug addiction a “psycho-socio-medical problem” and said it needed to be treated and handled like one. He said that everybody — the victim, his family, friends, society, government and law — has to work together to deal with this. He also said that he had asked for the setting up of a national toll-free helpline to tackle the problem.
“I have asked the police department to have a serious discussion on this and look for solutions. I have also asked the department, why can’t we start a toll-free helpline… I have asked the government to set up a helpline,” the PM said. He said this would help parents whose children are dealing with the problem but are too embarrassed to seek help.
Modi also said that he would request celebrities to raise awareness about this issue. “I request those who are active in social media to run a movement with the Drugs Free India hashtag,” he said, adding that most youngsters falling prey to drugs are active on social media.
The PM also lauded the cricket team from J&K for their recent victory over Mumbai. “Kashmir is going through troubles and despite that, this team displayed team spirit and courage to achieve an unprecedented victory,” he said.
The PM also claimed that 177 countries had become co-sponsors for World Yoga Day, which was a “world record”. He underlined his point by saying that that while 165 countries had become co-sponsors to celebrate Nelson Mandela’s birthday, 122 had become co-sponsors for International Toilet Day, and 140 for Non-Violence Day.
 

Hot Money  from FIIs hits Rs 10-lakh crore ...FDIs
(Putting Indian markets…)
NEW DELHI: Putting Indian markets on fire, the foreign investors have pumped in over Rs one-lakh crore of so-called 'hot money' into stocks during 2014 - taking their cumulative net investments here beyond Rs 10 lakh crore.
As an eventful year draws to a close, the Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) have made a net investment of nearly Rs 1.05 lakh crore so far in 2014 and a further Rs 1.6 lakh crore into debt markets - resulting into a total of over Rs 2.6 lakh crore ($43.4 billion).
This has taken their cumulative net investments into the Indian equity markets, since being allowed over two decades ago in November 1992, at close to Rs 8 lakh crore.
The cumulative figure for debt securities has also grown to Rs 2.6 lakh crore - taking the total for overall Indian markets to Rs 10.54 lakh crore (over $214 billion).
These investors, which also got re-christened as FPIs, or Foreign Portfolio Investors, in 2014 under a new regulatory regime that promises to make it easier for them to invest in India, have emerged as a key driver in the ongoing record rally in the markets here and are likely to remain so.
This huge investment flow, which belies its commonly used nomenclature of 'hot money' as such funds can be withdrawn anytime, has come at a time when foreign companies have been mostly reluctant on their FDIs (Foreign Direct Investments) that carry a common perception of being longer-term in nature.
The experts say that the final tally for 2014, as over two weeks of trading is still left this year, could be much better and there is also a chance of annual FII inflows hitting a new record high level.
The FIIs had made a net infusion of Rs 1.13 lakh crore into equity markets during 2013, while a record high amount of Rs 1.33 lakh crore was pumped in the year 2010.
This would be the fourth time in history that net FII inflows for a year would cross Rs 1 lakh crore mark and analysts are optimistic about the next year as well.
As per the market data, these investors have made gross purchases of close to Rs 10 lakh crore in the stock market and of about Rs 4 lakh crore in the debt market this year. On the other hand, their gross sales stood below Rs 9 lakh crore in equity and at little over Rs two lakh crore in debt market.
On a cumulative basis, these overseas investors have made gross purchases of shares worth over Rs 88 lakh crore and sales of close to Rs 78 lakh crore so far in Indian markets.
The experts believe that the inflows will remain equally strong or even better in next year, after recording their third consecutive year of net inflows during 2014. The foreign investors had pulled out a net amount of Rs 2,714 crore (USD 358 million) from the stock market in 2011.
"I am quite sure that the foreign flows would remain equally strong in the next calendar year as well. Actually, if the economic fundamentals show some strong signs of recovery, the foreign flows would only become stronger," Ladderup Wealth Management's Managing Director Raghvendra Nath said.
Echoing similar views, LIC Nomura Mutual Fund's Senior Fund Manager (Debt) Killol Pandya said: "As of now, we appear to be set for an economic revival after a prolonged period of economic woes - stemming mainly from inflation and low growth."
"... we appear to be recovering in terms of economic growth and our interest rate cycle too seems to have peaked. In this scenario, it is expected that our equity and bond markets ought to perform well in the coming few quarters. 2015 should be a better year for FPIs vis a vis the previous few years," he added.
While inflows into bonds have been significantly higher than the equities in 2014, the overseas investors had kept away from the debt market in 2013 and had pulled out a net sum of around Rs 51,000 crore ($ 8 billion) in that segment due to weakness in the Indian currency.
  Interestingly, most of the inflows this year into Indian debt market has gone into government securities.
According to market analysts, overseas investors remained bullish on the Indian equities and debt markets throughout 2014, barring a few months. The sentiments had been bullish even during the first half of the year, mainly on hopes that a strong reform-oriented government will come to power at the Centre.
These positive sentiments continued after a new government took over in May and got a further boost from the reform measures announced subsequently.
While FPIs had begun the year on a positive note too, the momentum picked up in May and pumped in over Rs 41,000 crore in just three months till July. However, the pace of investments into equities somewhat turned slower in August and September. For some time, the overseas investors also turned net sellers of equities.
FPIs, once again flocked towards Indian stocks and bought bagful of stocks in November on positive global cues coupled with hopes from the government's reforms agenda. Since then, the inflows have remained strong.
"After the change in government at the Centre in May, there has been a significant change in sentiment and outlook towards India. Most foreign investors are finding India to be a far better choice that can generate returns in both short and long term," Nath said.
Amongs various emerging market economies, India is being viewed as the strongest candidate for portfolio investments, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New Delhi: Kailash Satyarthi visits Rajgaht to pay tribute to Mahatma Gandhi8
0
New Delhi: Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi on Sunday visited Rajghat in Delhi to pay tribute to the father of the nation Mahatma Gandhi.
It was a proud moment for India as eminent child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi received the Nobel Peace Prize at grand ceremony in Norway's capital Oslo on Wednesday. Along with Satyarthi, Pakistan's Malala Yousufzai also became the youngest ever Nobel laureate and received the award for her work on promoting child rights.
In a modest message while accepting the honour, Satyarthi said, "I represent here the sound of silence. The cry of innocence. And, the face of invisibility. I have come here to share the voices and dreams of our children, our children, because they are all our children."
It was a proud moment for India as child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi received the Nobel Peace Prize at grand ceremony in Oslo.

Delhi: Two policemen killed as speeding car hits barricademore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Top seven companies lost over Rs 1 lakh crore market value in a weekTop seven companies lost over Rs 1 lakh crore market value in a week
Lima UN talks agree building blocks for 2015 climate dealLima UN talks agree building blocks for 2015 climate deal
Being the change: Women quit playing the victim and fight backComments
In November last year, a 14-year-old girl in Mumbai committed suicide after being harassed by a 16-year-old on social media. The girl's family alleged that the boy posted obscene messages on her page. Though the incident grabbed attention as an instance of virtual harassment leading to tragic consequences, cases of women committing suicide or being killed after suffering sexual assault in the 'real' world are, unfortunately, common in India.
Being the change: Women who quit playing the victim and fight back
It is relatively rare for an Indian woman to fight back to defend herself or in support of another victim. That's possibly why, two years after she was brutally raped and succumbed to her injuries at a Singapore hospital, the world continues to remembers the December 16 gang rape victim as a "brave heart" who refused to be cowed down by her assaulters. She displayed courage and spoke up against her attackers from her hospital bed and an outraged nation came out in support.
The gruesome incident led to some action: Online platforms like India Against Rape were set up and the Criminal Law (Amendment) Act was passed in 2013. The Act provides for a life term and even a death sentence for rape convicts, besides stringent punishment for offences like acid attacks, stalking and voyeurism. Whether all this has managed to make women safer in public spaces is another matter. According to National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) 2013 data, reported cases of crime against women saw a 26.7 per cent increase in 2013 as compared to 2012.
The incidence of rape saw an increase of 35.2 per cent in 2013 over 2012. While many would like to believe that the figures are a result of increased reporting of the crime, it is certainly true that women continue to face the threat of assault. Earlier this year, a tribal girl was allegedly raped on the orders of a village kangaroo court in West Bengal. She was punished for being in a relationship with a man who did not belong to her community.
Then, two girls in Uttar Pradesh's Badaun district were allegedly raped and murdered. Though the CBI now refutes the allegations. Next, a six-year-old was raped at a Bangalore school, and days before the second anniversary of the December 16 rape incident, came the rape of a young professional by an Uber cab driver. "Women are not safe in public spaces. It is a national shame," says Lalitha Kumaramangalam, chairperson, National Commission for Women (NCW).  "And when something is done as a temporary solution, the banning of Uber cabs, for example, it is seen as kneejerk. But, as has been seen, unless we can impose punitive damages on cab operators, they do not take responsibility for quality of services," she adds.
The NCW chairperson says the Commission is in talks with the transport department to create an app dedicated to making women safer in public spaces. "It is too early to go into details but state governments and the police will be involved in operating the app. We are also looking at ways of tracking buses, autos and other public transport systems through GPS," says Kumaramangalam. Policies, whether pushed by the government or the private sector, have to take women's safety into consideration.
"Make it mandatory for all companies to have 50 per cent women drivers failing which they would lose their license to ply. One has to accept that women are in the public space; we take public transport. Catering to women does not end with allocating one seat or compartment for women in the Metro. The customer service industry too has to be trained to cater to the right of access to public transport of women as well. We have to think of out-of-the-box solutions to the problem," says lawyer Naina Kapur. 
Meanwhile, women seem less willing to wait for the system to make the world a safer place for them. Not only are they coming out to report incidents of crime against them and actively helping the police to nab culprits - the Uber cab rape survivor took pictures of her assaulter to help the police identify him - they are also hitting out at abusers verbally and physically. The motives of the Rohtak sisters in beating up the three youths who allegedly misbehaved with them on a bus, are being questioned but most people are also expressing admiration at the courage of the girls. "Women and girls have to be taught that they are not weaker than men. They shouldn't be made to feel like victims. Mandatory self defence classes for girls will go a long way in achieving this," says Puja Trisal of Smile Foundation, a community intervention organisation. 
The lewd comment or the light brush against the body are no longer being ignored. And an increasing number are finally realising that shame and punishment should be reserved for the offender not the victim.
I FELT I NEEDED TO BREAK THE SILENCE: Maitreyee Avachat
Back in 2010 Maitreyee Avachat, then 20, was trying to get home from college. She finally managed to scramble onto a packed bus. Four years on, she still remembers every detail of that journey. She felt a young man behind her brushing his hands against her buttocks and back. "Initially, I thought it was an accident. The bus was crowded," she says. Soon, it became obvious that the groping was deliberate. Avachat turned and sternly told the man to stop touching her. When he didn't Avachat says she realised she could continue to feel helpless or she could fight back.
"I decided that I needed to break the silence," she says. She turned and yelled at the man and told her co-passengers and the conductor that he was misbehaving. "I think he was shocked that I had mustered the courage to do this," says Avachat. A few men then roughed the fellow up and pushed him out of the bus at the next stop. "It was only after I got home that I realised I should have dragged him to the police," says Avachat. She was quicker to react a few months ago, when she heard a man making graphic lewd comments about a young woman waiting at her bus stop. "I shouted, loud enough for others to hear, telling him to behave himself. Before I could try and call the police, the man had run away."
(Riddhi Doshi)
'I ATTACKED HIM WITH A BLADE AND SPADE'
When Amina Bibi, (name changed), a house wife from a remote village in Bankura district, in West Bengal, dared to attack the  person, who tried to rape her, she did not think her act of self defence would change her life. Ainuddin Dalal, the alleged assaulter, was an acquaintance of her husband and other members of her family. On 26 September, 2012, when Amina was alone at home, Ainuddin, a resident of nearby Mallikdangaa village, entered the house and tried to rape her. Amina picked up a blade that happened to be at arm's length and hit out at the man, wounding his private parts. "Then I found a spade and attacked him with that. When I saw him bleeding, I started shouting and the neighbours came over," she recalls.
Protests
Her act of bravery did turn many of the villagers against her for some time. The women, though, remained supportive. "I am thankful to them for not turning away from me," she says. Over time, Amina has become something of a role model in the neighbourhood. "Nothing can be better than women learning to save themselves in such a situation. We are also alert and take immediate steps when we get complaints of crime against women. We also advise them on how best to protect themselves," says Mukesh  Kumar, superintendent of police,  Bankura. Those close to Ainuddin, however, claim he had only gone to Amina's house to ask for the money that her husband owed him.
(Koushik Dutta)
A VICTIM FACES REPEATED HARASSMENT: Jayageetha
Victims of sexual harassment are often blamed for having behaved seductively and of having brought the attack upon themselves, says Malayalam poet Jayageetha, who took on two train ticket examiners, who misbehaved with her. While travelling in the first-class compartment of a super-fast train she was approached by the two men. When they saw that there weren't many travellers around, one of them asked her to join them in another compartment. When she refused, they allegedly abused her. Jayageetha filed a complaint against the men and sought in-camera proceedings.
"Our system is such that the victim faces repeated harassment. When a woman approaches a competent authority, the first question she is asked is whether she's ready to face the consequences. This forces many to retract and to suffer silently," she says, adding that she knew many victims who withdrew their complaint as a result. "Some find eternal pleasure in listening to the accounts of harassment. So a victim is often asked uncomfortable questions," she says. Jayageetha feels stringent laws will remain only on paper unless society changes its attitude towards women. "When people talk about self defence for women I wonder what is the use of
treating a disease when you ignore the root cause. Every family needs to ensure that they respect women," she says.
(Ramesh Babu)
WOMEN SHOULD STAND UP FOR THEMSELVES: Vandana Mishra
Vandana Mishra, 27, is a government employee in Patna. What sets her apart from many around her is her determination to not endure harassment. Not only did Mishra hit out at a man, who behaved inappropriately with her friend during this year's Durga Puja festival celebrations, she also says she wouldn't hesitate to thrash anyone who dares try a similar thing. "On October 1, I had gone to Meena Bazar in Patna with my husband. My sister and her friend Priya (name changed) were also with us," she says. Mishra recalls that the area was crowded. "Priya was walking in front of me, when I saw a young man coming close to her and passing lewd comments. He even put his hand on her shoulder. As I was walking behind her, he did not notice me. My husband was some distance away," she says.
An angry Mishra immediately hit out. "I caught hold of the youth and started beating him up in full public view. I assaulted him with slippers. Initially, he tried to resist but I kept hitting him. Some of the passers-by also joined me after a while," recalls Vandana. Finally, the youth apologised for his behaviour and begged to be let off. "He fell at my feet and was crying for mercy. I did not report the matter to the police, but I think I taught him a lesson for life," she says. After returning home, Vandana narrated the incident to her family. "My husband felt I should have avoided beating him, but I think women should stand up for themselves," she says.
(Mukesh Kumar Mishra)

Helpline to check drug menace soon: Prime Minister ModiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke about the link between terror and drug-money while asking youth to shun narcotics in his latest episode of radio programme ‘Mann ki Baat’ on Sunday. Signalling the danger of drugs and suggesting several measures of remedy, the PM also announced a toll-free 24 hours counselling help-line for affected families.
“I wish to ask the addicted youth that have they ever thought where the money, they spend on buying drugs, ultimately go? Think, if this money is going to terrorists to buy arms to kill our soldiers. Think, the bullet may have been bought with the money of your habit of intoxication,” Modi said, as he warned of “darkness, destruction and devastation” of drugs.
“You too, love your country and respect the soldiers of this country. Then how can you help a trade which supports drug-mafias and terrorists?” the PM questioned.
In his third radio-programme, the Prime Minister shared his own experiences with parents of addicts saying that he had seen even strong officers breaking down over their son’s habits. While he suggested that parents should spend more time with their children and help them set a positive ambition in life, he also said, “drug addiction is bad, not the child.”
Modi attributed drug addiction as a “psycho-socio-medical” problem.
Encouraging youth to say “no” to drugs and emphasizing that use of drugs is “no style statements”, the Prime Minister invoked Swami Vivekananda’s teaching and asked sports icons and film and other celebrities to spread awareness against the “national pain”.

Shamiwitness Mehdi s arrest raises questions on online lawsprint
Anyone who's been to Twitter or Facebook knows that you can find any type of people there: political activists, entrepreneurs, social workers, feminists, education evangelists and religious fanatics. The notable thing: some of them are anonymous and merrily flout some laws - including some they may not even know exists or others that are controversial.
related stories
IS Twitter account handler in 5-day police custody
The arrest of 24-year-old Mehdi Masroor Biswas in Bangalore, an alleged online activist of the Islamic State who anonymously used the handle @shamiwitness, throws up new questions: Can Indian laws be convincingly invoked in a grey area where an Indian citizen cheers a form of extremism without actually being a physical participant in it?
Biswas was an ITC group employee by day and an IS activist by night - a Digital Age case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, if you will.  Was his support for IS just a hobby of sorts for Biswas? How does it affect Indian interests and security? These issues will be debated in the coming days, but two points are relevant.
One, legal provisions under which Biswas is being charged (as per media reports) look controversial: One involves waging a war against an Asiatic "ally" and the other under Section 66F of the Information Technology Act that governs cyber terrorism, mainly through hacking or similar acts.
From current indications, Biswas did not hack into any computer or network.
It is not clear if authorities are invoking Section 66A of the same Act - opposed by free speech activists - which targets those who use information that is "grossly offensive or has a menacing character" or causing hatred. From early reports, this provision is not being invoked for Biswas.
The more forceful provision being invoked is of Section 39 of The Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967 which cracks down on support given to a terrorist organisation.
Twitter has dozens of Indian handles spew venom and hate. They make allegations and use abusive language on well-known Indian figures and also India's Constitution. Can they be tracked down the way Biswas was tracked? What will be the consequences? How does that tally with even elected lawmakers in India who question aspects of the republic or advocate violence or India having diplomatic relations with governments that it says harbours terrorists?
Amid such a maze of questions, it is clear that India needs to be proactive about a new online global culture and evolve a new legal framework that guards free speech while ensuring security and responsibility.

i can empathise with you and your anguish is understandable i...120 Followers
Dear Sir/Mr.subramaniam,
Our children are far intelligent then us they are prepare to work hard then us and we are enjoying on children fast growing intelligence in IT, Finance, Pharma, Auto or any other sector
they are shining in domestic and International level they are clearing filthy things that we left in the society.  Our Children are praised outside our country for their brightness.
Let us stop talking ill about our children who are holding esteem position in international level. when we were children we were not able to operate calculator now they are working on high tech as well in space also. Let us encourage our children and let us not abuse them.
In reply to : makdxb message
4.19 PM Dec 14th 2014

Hope the recent declassification of promoters has nothing to do with i...Platinum Member
386 Followers
buy back is directly buy of shares by the company ..... last time it was tender route and from shareholders this time it is from open market subject to max price of 86 ..... so price is shooting as per the conditions approved by the govt for the purpose the company can buy upto Jun 15 a 6-month time from 22 dec 14 ok ..... effect is that either the holding of some one who buys goes up like last time it was promoters who bought at 40 ..... or the total equity is reduced as it is happening this time ..... the reserves will be used to buy stock so reserves are also reduced ..... since the effective value of stock is 68 as per reserves the price of 86  is 18 rs more than this .... which is nearly 25% more than ..... so the company is buying at a premium from market ..... so there is big rush to buy now and price is UP after shares buyback completed there will be  normal trading ..... there are many aspects jto it incl valuation and legal conditions under which buy back takes place here it seems the promoters want to avoid hostile take over is my view .....  buyback in simple terms means that company which holds shares is buying the shares back form shares holders and the how onmobile has done it earlier and this time i have tried to tell you earlier
In reply to : message

I dont hold shares here..but sep quarter has shown decent sales compar...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Iex in talks with financial technologies for buying out technology sol...New Member
0 Follower
Hi, What does this mean is FTIL moving out of its core business..kindly clarify and how does this have an impact on FTIL price..
In reply to : ROHIT1671 message
8.53 AM Dec 15th 2014

More International Reuters
More than 1,600 barrels of crude were ablaze just south of Williston, N.D., on Thursday after st... »
Hyundai-Kia expects 2015 sales to record slowest growth in 12 years
Reuters
Hyundai Motor Co and affiliate Kia Motors Corp forecast sales this year to grow at the slowest p... »
Sydney, Jan 2  
Draghi drives euro to 4-1/2 year low
Reuters
The euro took another downward lurch on Friday, sinking to a 4-1/2 year low against the dollar on clear indications that the European Central Bank will soon embark on outright money-printing. ... »
Tokyo, Jan 1  
Japan’s number of newborn babies hits all-time low in 2014
PTI
Japan’s estimated number of newborn babies last year fell to 1.001 million, the lowest figure on record, further contributing to the ageing and shrinking of the country’s population, official data... »
Los Angeles, Jan 1  
`The Interview’ expands video-on-demand access
PTI
Sony Pictures Entertainment have said it is expanding the digital availability of “The Interview” to top US cable, satellite and telecom services. The expansion work started yesterday and... »
Tokyo, Jan 1  
Japanese PM pledges reforms to boost economy
PTI
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pledged to carry out crucial structural reforms this year as part his drive to kick-start the economy, while stressing that the country remained pacifist as... »
Beijing, Jan 1   
China’s services sector growth picks up in Dec
Reuters
Growth in China’s services sector picked up slightly in December, a government study showed on Thursday, helping to offset further weakness in manufacturing which is weighing on the world’s second... »
Beijing, Jan 1  
New Year stampede kills 35 in Shanghai
PTI
At least 35 people, including 25 women, were killed and 48 others injured in a stampede during New Year revelry at Shanghai’s iconic waterfront area, one of the worst tragedies to hit China in rec... »  
Kuala Lumpur, Dec 31  
21 killed, two lakh flee worst Malaysia floods in decades
PTI
At least 21 people have been killed and nearly two lakh fled their homes in one of the worst floods in Malaysia’s history with weather office indicating there will be no respite from strong winds... »
Washington, Dec 31  
US opens door to oil exports after year of pressure
Reuters
The Obama administration on Tuesday bowed to months of growing pressure over a 40-year-old ban on exports of most domestic crude, taking two steps expected to unleash a wave of ultra-light... »
Shanghai, Dec 31  
China’s factory activity contracts in December
Reuters
Activity in China’s factory sector shrank for the first time in seven months in December, a private survey showed on Wednesday, highlighting the urgency behind a series of surprise easing moves by... »
Beijing, Dec 30   
Google is to be blamed for Gmail’s suspension: Official Chinese media
PTI
US Internet giant Google’s failure to obey Chinese law is to be blamed for the suspension of its popular email service, a state-run daily today said after the last indirect means to access Gmail w... »
Islamabad, Dec 30  

We need true parity with banks“We need true parity with banks”
Radhika Merwin
Tweet
T T SRINIVASARAGHAVAN, MANAGING DIRECTOR, SUNDARAM FINANCE
Stringent norms are not an issue and are needed as risks in the financial system increase. But there are areas where we are hard done by and that needs to be addressed. Only then can we talk about real parity, says T T Srinivasaraghavan, Managing Director, Sundaram Finance.
How will Sundaram Finance be impacted by the new norms?
As far as the NPA recognition norms go, Sundaram Finance had chosen, as a measure of prudence, to adopt the more stringent norms, ahead of the regulatory requirement. So it’s now over two years since the company adopted the 120-day norm.
So, moving from 120 to 90 days shouldn’t be very difficult. With respect to the higher provision for standard assets, we are already providing at 0.4 per cent and our Tier I capital is also well above 10 per cent.
What are your thoughts on the new regulations for the sector as a whole?
For many years now, we have heard the regulator talk about convergence of financial sector regulation. So this was something that we were expecting, given the recommendations made by the Usha Thorat and Nachiket Mor committee.
However, there were specific areas where the industry did make representations. For instance, on the NPA recognition norm, our line of argument has been that we tend to finance the SME and smaller end of the market. Hence, conforming to the 90-day norm would be burdensome on companies who finance these sections. This contradicts the objective of financial inclusion, because players will be reluctant to take exposure in these vulnerable segments.
Even if we accept that there has to be convergence, our concern is that it is not really happening across the board. For instance, for banks and HFCs that follow a 90-day norm, once you recognise an asset as NPA you cannot recognise the income from such assets, which is fair enough. And the same rule applies to us.
But the difference lies in the fact that for banks and HFCs, the income from these assets is not considered for tax purposes, whereas for NBFCs, it is treated as income for tax purposes.
While NBFCs are increasingly being subjected to the same rigour as banks, they have, for long, been denied their rightful parity with other constituents of the financial system, in spite of the fact that the NPAs of asset financing NBFCs have been consistently lower than that of most banks.
What about the point made by the RBI about protection of public funds?
If NBFCs have to secure the asset that we fund through public funds, then we also need access to the SARFAESI Act just as banks and HFCs. Extending this tool to NBFCs will improve investor confidence.
The RBI has also reduced the quantum of public deposits that can be raised…
Reducing the deposit limit is fine, given the perceived risk on such unsecured instruments. But if the RBI reduces one source of funding, it should give access to external commercial borrowings (ECB). When HFCs meeting certain criteria are allowed to access ECBs, why not us?
Most NBFCs are already well above the stipulated 10 per cent Tier I capital. Are there any concerns there?
The RBI has increased capital requirements for all NBFCs across the board, irrespective of the different asset profile they carry.
While the regulatory concern with regard to the ‘niche’ nature of NBFCs may be valid, capital allocation should ultimately reflect the risk inherent in the assets financed by NBFCs. Under the present dispensation, all the assets financed by NBFCs, regardless of whether they are secured or unsecured and the risks they carry, have a uniform risk weightage of 100 per cent.
It is a well-documented fact, based on analysis by credit rating agencies, that commercial vehicles, cars and construction equipment have a much lower risk profile, compared with other categories of assets.
These assets are easily saleable and realise significant residual values and deserve to be treated on a different footing from other assets.
(This article was published on November 16, 2014)
Related

A closer look at the small unsComparing valuations of the small, mid and large-cap indices can tell us how over-heated the market is
November 23, 2014:  
Smaller stocks are mostly avoided by serious investors due to greater volatility and lack of transparency. Not much attention is, therefore, given to the trading pattern of these smaller stocks.
 We examine some behavioural trends in these stocks.
Links with global counterparts
 The principal group of investors in our market are the foreign portfolio investors. Since they tend to invest in equity across the globe, their view on small-cap stocks typically tends to be the same, across regions.
 A correlation analysis between MSCI India Small-cap Index with MSCI World Small-cap Index and MSCI Emerging Markets Small-cap Index shows that Indian small-cap stocks appear more strongly linked to similar stocks in other emerging markets. The link with the small-cap stocks in developed markets or the rest of the world is much weaker.
The link between Indian small-caps and small-caps in other markets is stronger when we have a trending market.
Reading valuation trends
 As a thumb rule, large-cap indices should trade at a higher price to earnings multiple (PE) than their mid- or small-cap peers. This is logical since the largest stocks are the ones with steady growth in revenue and earnings, stable business models and sound management. Investors are, therefore, willing to pay a premium to own such stocks.
 A perusal of the movement of the PE ratio of the Sensex, the BSE Midcap Index and the BSE Smallcap Index since 2005 shows that the Sensex trades at the highest PE multiple, followed by the BSE Midcap Index, and the BSE Smallcap Index trading at the lowest PE, most of the time. Occasions when the BSE Small-cap Index traded at a higher PE than the other two are relatively rare. Such a phenomenon was observed in the second half of 2005 when the PE of the small-cap index was between 18.5 and 23 with both the Sensex and the mid-cap index trading at much lower valuations.  
This kind of skew is again noticeable since early 2012. With earnings of small-cap companies hit by the economic slowdown, the run-up in their stock prices has resulted in the PE ratios trading sharply higher. This number climbed above 90 in September 2013. With improvement in earnings, the number has moderated to 28, but it is still far above the Sensex’ PE of 19 and the BSE Midcap Index’ PE of 24.
Should you buy now?
 There are many reasons why investing in small-cap stocks at this juncture is not advised. As explained above, the fact that the PE ratio of the BSE Small-cap Index is much higher than the Sensex implies that this space is overheated.
 Revenue growth of the BSE Small-cap Index was 22 per cent in FY12. But the growth slowed to 6 per cent in FY13 and 4.5 per cent in FY14. The earnings growth is more dismal. Net profit fell 40, 38 and 12 per cent in FY12, FY13 and FY14, respectively, over the corresponding figures in the previous year. Falling realisations, higher finance cost and regulatory hurdles have resulted in many companies slipping into the red. The total debt of the companies forming part of the BSE Smallcap Index has, however, continued to climb.
Against this backdrop, it is best to wait for an improvement in fundamentals before going bullish on small-cap stocks. A bottom-up approach to stock picking can be adopted, when stocks are available at the right valuation.
(This article was published on November 23, 2014)
Related

Iraq and Kurds end dispute over oil© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79cc4bae-7a32-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Honda to Expand Takata Air Bag Recall Nationwidehonda to expand takata air bag recall nationwide
Fallen star aims to rise in Japanese pollFallen star Yuko Obuchi aims to rise again in Japan’s election
Kana Inagaki
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fb98a710-7c4c-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iraqi PM faces dilemma in military reformIraqi PM walks tightrope in campaign to reform military
Borzou Daragahi – Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6418787c-7ba0-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Climate talks cast cloud over energy majorsUN climate talks call future of energy majors into question
Pilita Clark in Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c542393c-7dbf-11e4-bb0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://bit.ly/1A8T9EGMichael Desjardin
December 08, 2014
Well, someone finally did it: They went and made a Sriracha-flavored beer. Rogue Ales, an Oregon-based brewery, has announced Sriracha Hot Stout Beer , which is available to order via the company's website.
The beer is a traditional stout made somewhat untraditionally with the iconic Huy Fong chili sauce. While the implementation of chili peppers in craft beer is nothing new , this is (as far as we know) the first time a mass market craft brewery has tried to cash in on the iconic Sriracha brand.
But it raises an interesting question: Have we reached critical mass when it comes to Sriracha fever?
Have we reached critical mass for Sriracha fever?
We haven't tasted the beer yet, but the dense, powerful flavor profile of Sriracha doesn't seem like it would lend itself well to the rich, toasty characteristics of a traditional stout. Beers such as Stone's Xocoveza Mocha Stout are successful because the chili pepper is only one element in a grand concert of flavors. Sriracha sauce, for all of its strengths, is a loud condiment. A blend of a stout and Sriracha might closer resemble two competing conductors on adjacent stages rather than a singular orchestra for the taste buds.
The dense, powerful flavor profile of Sriracha doesn't seem like it would lend itself well to the rich, toasty characteristics of a traditional stout.
Nevertheless, if there were ever a time to latch on to the Sriracha movement, it's probably now. Recent years have seen the release of Sriracha candy canes , Sriracha lip balm , and Sriracha cook books . Heck, we even took it upon ourselves to pit several Sriracha sauces against one another in our Ultimate Sriracha Taste Test Showdown .
Rogue Ales is no stranger to novelty beers, either. In 2013, the company released Beard Beer , an ale brewed with a yeast created from the head brewmaster's beard. There was also Voodoo Doughnut Maple Bacon Ale , a beer brewed with–you guessed it–bacon and maple flavoring.
If you have a Sriracha fanatic on your holiday shopping list, you may have just found the perfect stocking stuffer. Just don't expect it to blow away any beer geeks.
The Sriracha Cookbook: 50 "Rooster Sauce" Recipes that Pack a Punch
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

India vs Australia 2014India in Australia, 3rd Test, Day 4 Highlights: Australia...
NDTVDes 28 11:23 PM
India finished Day 4 with a faint hope of a favourable result on Day 5 as they reduced Australia to 261/7 on Day 4. The hosts still lead by 326 runs and have a well-set Shaun Marsh in the middle. Catch all the highlights here.

Jaguar Recalls 7 000 Sports Cars in US for Wiring IssueYou are here: Home Corporates
Jaguar Recalls 7,000 Sports Cars in US for Wiring Issue
Reuters | Updated On: December 09, 2014 19:44 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
Detroit: Jaguar Land Rover is recalling 7,079 Jaguar F-Type sports cars in the United States because potential incorrect wiring could lead to the front passenger air bag not activating, according to documents filed with US safety regulators.
Jaguar Land Rover, a unit of Tata Motors Ltd, is recalling the cars from model years 2014 and 2015 because the seat belt harness connector may not have been wired correctly, possibly affecting sensors that read whether the front passenger air bag should be activated, according to documents filed with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA).
A person of smaller stature sitting in the front passenger seat may not be sensed, and the air bag may not activate, increasing the risk of injury, according to the NHTSA documents.
Jaguar Land Rover has received three field reports related to the matter, but there have been no reports of accidents or injuries as a result, as per the documents.
Dealers will correct the harness connector wire configuration at no cost, and the recall is expected to begin on or before January 5, 2015, according to the NHTSA documents.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

HCL Tech Inks Pact With US-Based Washington Gas for Customer ServicesBengaluru: HCL Technologies, India's fourth largest software services firm, on Tuesday said it has bagged a contract from US-based Washington Gas for providing IT solutions related to billing and customer care.
The financial details of the deal were not disclosed.
Washington Gas distributes natural gas to about 1.1 million residential, commercial and industrial customers in the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia. It is a subsidiary of WGL Holdings, a public utility holding company based in Washington, DC.
HCL has been engaged to perform an application modernisation for Washington Gas' legacy mainframe customer care and billing software, it said in a statement.
The engagement period with HCL is for 30 months.
The company will provide Washington Gas with functional and technical deployment of SAP's customer relationship and billing software, ClickSoftware Workforce Scheduling and Optimisation, and SAP's Mobile Work Manager application services, and hosting of non-production servers on the Microsoft Azure cloud platform, it added.
Washington Gas will replace a decades-old mainframe billing solution, along with its scheduling and dispatch mobile workforce solution, with a single, integrated and more efficient platform.
The new solution is expected to help reduce integration complexity across the company's billing and customer service IT applications.
It will also enhance call centre and field operations processes, while giving the company improved control and reconciliation of utility billing.
"Yesterday's technologies cannot meet the expectations of today's consumer in terms of service and engagement. Utilities like Washington Gas are leveraging SAP and Microsoft's cloud technologies, both components of HCL's Engage Platform for Utilities, to enhance customer service," HCL Technologies executive vice president-public services Todd Crandall said.
This programme entails transformation that goes beyond system replacement by addressing the rising expectations ofconsumers and business benefits, he added.
"We look forwa rd to partnering with Washington Gas to deliver a digital transformation that will help boost its customer service delivery, leveraging Washington Gas' technology platform investments, and help meet the company's operational goals," he said.
Story first published on: December 09, 2014 18:01 (IST)

Reducing Rich-Poor Inequality Would Boost Economic Growth: OECDMeeting Fiscal Deficit Target of 4.1% Looks Challenging: Nomura
Paris: Moves by national governments to reduce inequality between their rich and poor citizens would help to lift economic growth, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OPEC) said on Tuesday.
The Paris-based think tank wrote in a report that high income inequality had a "negative and statistically significant impact" on growth as a widening gap between rich and poor often concealed falling income for all but the richest groups.
"The single biggest impact on growth is the widening gap between the lower middle class and poor households compared to the rest of society," it wrote in the report based on 30 years of harmonised data from developed and highly developed countries.
"It follows that policies to reduce income inequalities should not only be pursued to improve social outcomes but also to sustain long-term growth."
To reduce inequality, countries should invest in education and redistribute wealth through taxes and other transfers, it added. It said it found no evidence that redistributive policies harmed growth if they were well designed and implemented.
The economic impact of inequality has been in the spotlight this year after a best-selling book by French economist Thomas Piketty which argued that the gap between rich and poor has been widening for decades in the West.
The OECD said that, over the past two decades up to the global slowdown of 2009, the cumulative growth rate would have been 6-9 percentage points higher in Italy, Britain and the United States had income disparities there not widened.
Conversely, greater levels of equality were helping boost gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Spain, France and Ireland before the crisis.
In most developed nations the gap between rich and poor reached its highest level in 30 years in 2014, with the top 10 per cent of the population earning 9.5 times the income of the poorest 10 per cent, the OECD wrote.
The gap had been widening since the 1980s, when the richest segment earned seven times as much as the poorest.
However, the biggest negative impact on growth was not from rising top incomes but a widening gap between low income households and the rest of the population, it said.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Intel Unveils Platform to Simplify Connectivity of ProductsYou are here: Home Corporates
Intel Unveils Platform to Simplify Connectivity of Products
Reuters | Updated On: December 10, 2014 11:34 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
San Francisco: Intel Corp on Tuesday unveiled a new platform to make it easier for companies to create Internet-connected smart products using its chips, security and software.
Intel's platform is like a set of building blocks based on the chipmaker's components and software for companies to create smart, connected devices, Doug Davis, head of Intel's Internet of Things business, said at a launch event in San Francisco.
It also aims to make it easier to connect to data centers in order analyze data collected from devices' sensors.
"We're creating compute capability in end-point devices that scale from our highest performance Xeon processor to the Quark family of products," Davis said, referring to Intel's chips.
After moving slowly in recent years to adapt its personal computer chips for smartphones and tablets, Intel is determined to make sure it is on the leading edge of future computing trends, industry experts and company executives have said.
Adding processors, sensors and web connectivity to devices from soccer balls to industrial machinery, an emerging trend dubbed the Internet of Things, has become a new battleground for Intel, rival Qualcomm and other technology companies.
The install base of wireless gadgets will more than double by the end of the decade, with most of the growth coming from smart devices other than PCs and smartphones, according to market research firm ABI Research.
Intel's Internet of Things Group had $530 million in revenue in the September quarter. That accounted for just 4 per cent of Intel's total revenue in the quarter, but it grew 14 per cent over the previous year, which was faster than the company's PC business.
Dell, SAP, Tata Consultancy, Accenture and other companies are working with the new reference model, Davis said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

http://usat.ly/12L410eTony Robbins' 7 steps to financial freedom in retirement
You have to commit a certain percentage of your income to savings for your financial freedom.
Post to Facebook
Tony Robbins' 7 steps to financial freedom in retirement You have to commit a certain percentage of your income to savings for your financial freedom. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D47bgI
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
51
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Tony Robbins' 7 steps to financial freedom in retirement
Nanci Hellmich , USA TODAY 8:19 a.m. EST December 10, 2014
Tony Robbins outlines seven steps to financial freedom in his new book.
(Photo: Handout)
647 CONNECT 287 TWEET 245 LINKEDIN 51 COMMENTEMAILMORE
People make several mistakes when saving and investing for retirement, and one of the biggest ones is not getting started because they think they need a large sum of money to begin, says Tony Robbins, 54, an inspirational speaker and best-selling author.
What you want is at least "a small amount of money you consistently invest," says Robbins, author of a new 656-page book, Money: Master the Game: 7 Simple Steps to Financial Freedom. It includes information from his interviews with more than 50 top financial experts including Charles Schwab, Carl Icahn, Warren Buffett, Steve Forbes, hedge fund manager Ray Dalio and Vanguard founder John Bogle.
"When I asked Warren Buffett — what are the secrets to your wealth, he said it's three things. He said, No. 1, it's being born in America. No. 2 is good genes, so I live long enough, and No. 3, it's compound interest. Compound interest — people have no idea the power that it really has."
Robbins recounts a story of a UPS employee who never made more than $14,000 a year, but set aside 20% of every paycheck and put it into company stock. The man saw the value of his investments soar to more than $70 million by the time he was 90 years old,  says Robbins, who also wrote Unlimited Power and Awaken the Giant Within.
Some folks think investing and personal finance are so complex that they "never take the time to figure it out," he says.
His goal with the new book is to "help the average person to cut through all the complexity and all the mythology that is sold to us about how you really can't manage your own finances, and show them that the best people on earth have given them the guideposts and the steps to go from wherever they are financially to where they truly want to be."
Retirees: 9 easy ways to cut spending
But his advice isn't guaranteed to make you money. Even professional investors took different paths to their fortunes.
After researching the new book, Robbins developed what he calls the seven steps to financial freedom. Those are:
Step 1. Make the decision to become an investor, not a consumer. "You don't want to own an Apple phone, you want to own Apple," he says.
You have to commit a certain percentage of your income to savings for your financial freedom. Whatever that number is — 10%, 15% — stick to it in good times and bad. Have it taken automatically from your paycheck and put directly into a retirement or savings account.
Easy ways to save money | Your Best Life in Retirement
Step 2. Become an insider on investing. Know the rules of the game. Understand mutual funds and learn what mutual funds beat the market or their benchmark over any 10-year period. Look into the fees you are paying on mutual funds and how that affects your financial future.
He says people also don't read the fine print on their investments so they don't realize what fees they are paying. Just like there is compounding growth,  there are compounding costs, he says.
If you are only paying 1% in fees, you will probably end up with a lot more in your final nest egg than if you are paying 3% in fees, he says.
He points out that if you had a $100,000 investment and were lucky enough to get 7% annually, paying 1% in fees, you'd have about $574,000 after 30 years. If you paid 3% in fees, you'd only have about $324,000.
"What you don't know will hurt you in the financial world. But once you know these things, you'll be able to take advantage of the system instead of having the system take advantage of you."
Step 3. Make the game winnable. "Most people have a number that's so big that they never begin the journey," Robbins says. Figure out how much money you need for financial security and financial independence. Calculate this and come up with a plan. Look for places you can save more.
Step 4. Evaluate your asset allocation. "You have to create a bucket list. You have to learn where to put your money to keep it safe and where to put your money to grow it with some risk," he says. Put your money in different types of investments, such as stocks, bonds, commodities or real estate. Diversify your investments.
Step 5. Create a lifetime income plan. Make sure you won't run out of income for as long as you live. "Income is all that matters. Assets won't buy your food. They won't let you travel. You have to focus on income. The investment community wants you to think about keeping your money in assets."
How to cope with retiring from your job | Your Best Life in Retirement
Step 6. Invest like the .001%. "That means learn from the very best on earth (Schwab, Icahn, Bogle, Dalio, Forbes and others he interviewed for the book), and what you learn from them apply and you'll achieve financial security faster than you will any other way."
Step 7. Just do it, enjoy it and share it. Make a commitment to be wealthy now, not in the future. "Start where you are, and you'll begin to find out that there's more than enough."
Robbins advises people to educate themselves in investing. It's worth the time, and it'll pay off.  "You master money, or it masters you," he says.
Robbins is donating all of the profits of this book in addition to a personal donation to feed 50 million meals to people in need this year through Feeding America, a hunger-relief charity.
Retirement plan changes you need to know about for next year
If you're starting to think about your New Year's resolutions, investing efficiently in your financial future is always a good one to consider. It's never a waste of your time to understand where your money is going and how you can save for your ret Newslook
1 of 20
Five ways to reduce holiday stress | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich outlines stress-reduction strategies for the holidays (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
2 of 20
Low-cost holiday gift ideas | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich shares ideas for creative inexpensive holiday gifts. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
3 of 20
See more video
Gay community less prepared for retirement
Same-sex couples in general are likely to have saved far less for retirement than their straight counterparts, according to exclusive analysis of the Federal Reserve's Survey of Consumer Finances by AP.  (Nov. 21) AP
4 of 20
See more video
Five ways to cut holiday spending | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich offers easy ways to curb your spending during the holidays. (Your Best Life in Retirement, MONEY)
5 of 20
How to eat cheap at restaurants | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich offers ideas for cutting costs when dining out. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
6 of 20
See more video
Easy ways to save money | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich shares advice from financial experts who say many Americans need to save much more aggressively for retirement.
7 of 20
How to cope with retiring from your job | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich explains how to cope with retiring from your job. (Money, Retirement, USA TODAY)
8 of 20
Simple steps to clearing the clutter in retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich shares tips for decluttering in retirement. (Retirement, USA TODAY)
9 of 20
Pets ease transition into retirement
Pets ease transition into retirement
10 of 20
Retirees on Social Security get a raise in 2015
USA Today's John Waggoner explains how a Social Security raise will impact retirees in 2015.
11 of 20
See more video
Got 20 minutes? A quick financial checkup | Money Quick Tips
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains why a 20 minute financial planning session benefits you. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)
12 of 20
See more video
More millennial women worried about retirement says Fidelity study
Millennials may be struggling with student loans and a rough job market, but nearly half have already started saving for retirement, said Kristen Robinson, Senior Vice President at Fidelity. Newslook
13 of 20
See more video
New AARP CEO Jo Ann Jenkins
The new CEO Of AARP CEO Jo Ann Jenkins who takes over on September 1, 2014 replacing outgoing CEO A. Barry Rand.
14 of 20
See more video
Survey finds 6-figure earners more worried
Nearly half of Americans surveyed by the Wells Fargo/Gallup Investor and Retirement Optimism Index said they are worried about outliving their savings. Newslook
15 of 20
Americas Markets: 3 things you need to know about Social Security
Amreicas Markets with John Waggoner on the Social Security cost of living raise. USA TODAY
16 of 20
See more video
Merrill Edge: Americans feel guilty about not saving
Americans are feeling guilty about not investing enough over the past year, said Aron Levine, head of Preferred Banking and Merrill Edge at Bank of America. Newslook
17 of 20
See more video
Analyst: How to choose an annuity
Consumers should own an annuity for what it will do, not what it might do, says Stan Haithcock, annuity expert and author of "The Annuity Stanifesto". Newslook
18 of 20
See more video
Boomers need income stream in retirement
People need to plan to provide income for themselves in retirement with the same care and diligence in which they save for retirement, says Scott Holsopple, Managing Director of Retirement Solutions at The Mutual Fund Store. Newslook
19 of 20
See more video
Edward Jones: Retirees should stay course
Retirees and investors close to retirement should not make dramatic changes in their accounts due to the recent market volatility, said Scott Thoma, Retirement Strategist for Edward Jones. Newslook
20 of 20

Germany Bans 80 Generic Drugs for Insufficient Trials by GVKYou are here: Home Corporates
Germany Bans 80 Generic Drugs for Insufficient Trials by GVK
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 10, 2014 13:12 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
Berlin: Germany's drug regulator has banned the sale of 80 generic medicines with immediate effect on the grounds that their clinical trials conducted by India's pharmaceutical research company GVK Biosciences were "insufficient".
The Federal Institute for Drugs and Medical Devices said yesterday it had ordered drug manufacturers, wholesale dealers, medical stores and other outlets not to sell or use these medicines any longer.
It also suspended the marketing authorisation given to the drugs concerned based on the data of clinical trials supplied by the Hyderabad-based contract research company.
The regulator said it had informed the drugs manufacturers about its decision on Monday and the ban on the sales of medicines came into effect yesterday.
Among the medicines affected by the ban are those for treating high blood pressure, depression, migraine, epilepsy and Parkinson's disease and they involved the products of 16 pharmaceutical companies.
Patients still using these medicines have been advised to consult their doctors.
In a press statement, the regulator said it did not expect its ban to cause any shortage of supplies as similar generic versions of these medicines by other manufacturers as well as their original branded versions are available in the market.
So far, it has no information about any health risks for patients, who have been using the banned medicines.
The regulator investigated the marketing authorisation of 176 medicines by 28 pharmaceutical companies after an inspection of GVK Biosciences' facility in Hyderabad revealed "substantial deficiencies" in carrying out the clinical trials of the generic medicines and in the validity of its data to support marketing authorisation applications, the statement said.
In view of these "serious and systematic deficiencies", the bio-equivalence studies carried by the Indian company to establish that the generic versions have the same effect on the human body as the original branded versions, cannot be accepted as a basis for marketing approval, the statement said.
Media reports said earlier that the European Union's drug regulator the European Medicines Agency (EMA) believes that GVK Biosciences has been systematically manipulating its studies carried out on behalf of European drug manufacturers.
It had raised concern over the reliability of the studies conducted at the GVK Biosciences facility between 2008 and 2013 and ordered a review of the marketing approvals based on the data provided by the company.
Among the 80 drugs banned by the watchdog, marketing authorisations were already withdrawn in the case of 17 medicines by five companies because the authorisation holders either asked for that or did not seek an extension, the statement said.
However, marketing authorisation of these drugs and the remaining 63 medicines by 11 companies will remain suspended until the authorisation holder submits the results of a new bio-equivalence study.
Marketing approval given to 96 medicines will remain valid, it said.
Story first published on: December 10, 2014 13:10 (IST)

KFC Calls on Chinese Diners to Inspect its KitchenYou are here: Home Corporates
KFC Calls on Chinese Diners to Inspect its Kitchen
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 10, 2014 16:26 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
Shanghai: KFC has a message for Chinese diners worried about eating their fried chicken after a safety scare at the fast food chain: "come see how we operate for yourself."
China is the biggest market by sales for KFC's parent Yum Brands Inc, but sales have slowed since July after a television report alleged that workers at a Yum supplier were adding expired meat to products.
The scandal, which also dragged in McDonald's Corp, prompted Yum to cut its profit forecast for the year for a second time on Tuesday, adding urgency to KFC's offer to Chinese consumers to tour more than 1,000 of its kitchens and two suppliers.
"How is KFC's food prepared? Is the chicken safe? Are the restaurants hygienic?" read adverts for the tours, printed on KFC placemats.
"You can see our chicken farms yourself, and unravel the mysteries of KFC restaurants on the spot. You decide whether or not our food is safe!"
Customers can register online to book a visit. A tour led by the manager of a Shanghai restaurant this month showcased employee hand-washing (20 seconds), the oil used in the fryers (regularly tested and changed), the way the chickens are raised (safely) and the water used in the food (purified).
Tour participants, however, were not allowed to use their mobile phones, take pictures or video or record any audio.
Yum Brands declined to say when the tours in China began, how many consumers had participated, or what impact they had. Xinhua, China's state news agency, reported that the tours began in July 2013, before the latest scare.
"KFC has been doing kitchen tours for years in different markets around the globe as a way to educate consumers about our freshly prepared chicken," US-based Yum spokeswoman Virginia Ferguson wrote in an email.
Facing slowing growth and a sceptical public, fast food companies around the world are lifting the veil on their production processes. In October, McDonald's launched a series of YouTube videos where US TV host Grant Imahara interviews people in the company's supply chain.
Food safety is a particularly emotive issue in China, where scandals ranging from toxic baby milk formula to dirty food oil are common. That makes convincing Chinese customers to come back to a tainted brand tough, marketing experts say.
"Because of the lives they have led - of tainted food, dumplings with cardboard in them, honey that isn't honey, liquor that isn't liquor - they distrust everything," said James McGregor, greater China chairman of public affairs group APCO Worldwide and author of the book "One Billion Customers".
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Warren Buffett donates $2.1 bn to charity  largest in 2014Warren Buffett donates USD 2.1 billion to charity, largest in 2014
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 17:22 IST
Warren Buffett has donated $2.1 billion to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation in the form of 16.6 million shares of his company Berkshire Hathaway.
Warren Buffett has made the largest philanthropic donation of this year by giving $2.1 billion to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation in the form of 16.6 million shares of his company, Berkshire Hathaway.
According to global wealth intelligence and prospecting company Wealth-X, Buffett topped the list of the 10 biggest single charitable donors of 2014.
GoPro Founder, CEO and Chairman Nicholas Woodman was ranked second on the list as he along with his spouse donated $497.5 million to Silicon Valley Community Foundation.
Eight of the top 10 donations were made by American philanthropists. Hong Kong real estate tycoons Ronnie and Gerald Chan are the only non-Americans to appear on the list.
The billionaire brothers were ranked third and fourth on the list by collectively giving a $350 million gift to Harvard University, the largest ever in the school's history.
Harvard also received a $150 million donation from hedge fund manager Kenneth Griffin to support financial aid. Griffin was ranked fifth on the coveted list.
Among other contributions, Gert Boyle's $100 million donation to Oregon Health & Science University was ranked 6th on the list followed by John Morgridge at the 7th place ($100 million to University of Wisconsin-Madison), John Jay Jordan at 8th rank ($75 million to University of Notre Dame).
The top 10 largest philanthropic donations of 2014 also include: Edward Meyer at 9th rank ($75 million donation to Weill Cornell Medical College) and Charles Munger at the 10th place ($65 million to University of California Santa Barbara).
Six of the top ten donations of 2014 were made to educational institutions, two were given to health causes and two went to philanthropic foundations , Wealth-X said.
According to the company, the donated amounts mentioned in its report only took into account donations that have already been made, and did not include pledged amounts.

Sensex snaps 3-day fallstock exchanges
Rebounding from over one-month lows, benchmark Sensex on Wednesday closed 34 points higher to end at 27,831.10, snapping its three-day losing trend, on gains in SBI and ONGC shares, amid a firm European trend.
The wide-based 50-issue NSE Nifty also recovered by 14.95 points, or 0.18 per cent, to close at 8,355.65.
While session was markedly choppy in the absence of strong local cues, buying in key counters supported Sensex and Nifty. Two—tier stocks attracted buying from retail investors, helping their indices outperform broader benchmarks.
Rise in SBI, ONGC, Tata Motors, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Dr Reddy’s Lab, Cipla, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Power helped markets end in the positive terrain. However, fall in L&T, RIL, HUL, Bajaj Auto, BHEL and Gail India capped the rise.
The BSE 30—share barometer resumed lower in line with mixed cues from Asian peers and moved erratically in a range of 27,905.25 and 27,710.03 before concluding at 27,831.10, showing a rise of 34.09 points or 0.12 per cent. In previous three sessions, it had tumbled 765.81 points or 2.68 per cent.
“PSU banking counters remained upbeat throughout the session...,” Jayant Manglik, President—retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Shares in jewellery makers surged on hopes government will announce changes to gold—import rules for trading houses.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 221.52 crore yesterday as per provisional data.
Asian markets ended mixed, tracking an uninspiring finish on Wall Street overnight triggered by global growth concerns.
Fresh political uncertainty in Greece, a rout in oil prices and a selloff in Chinese shares in the previous session continued to cast their shadow.
“Outcome of the Greece crisis and the way they come to an agreement over the credit line instead of the bailout, would drive the market direction in the short term,” said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
Key indices from China, Hong Kong and Singapore closed with gains while those from Japan, South Korea and Taiwan finished with losses. Indices in Germany, the UK and France were up by 0.29 per cent to 0.79 per cent.

China inflation adds to easing pressureSluggish China price growth adds to easing pressure
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0b901ac-801f-11e4-acf3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

I was the darkest  so my cousins always made fun of me.Share 0
Chitrangada SinghThere's little doubt about it, Chitrangada Singh is one of B-town's sexiest celebrities. But her brand of sexy isn't just down to how drop-dead gorgeous she is. No, the Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi star has a certain calm, husky quality to her, which, coupled with stellar acting chops and a no-bullsh*t attitude, pretty much makes her one of the hottest actresses around. Which is why she was Cosmo's obvious covergirl choice for our Big Beauty Issue. So, somewhere in between producing a biopic and starting work on her next film, Babumoshai Bandookbaaz, we got together with Chitrangada and did what we do best-bonded over make-up, hair, life and more!
Cosmo: So it's been two years since your last cover with Cosmo, what's new?
Chitrangada Singh: It's been a bit of a roller-coaster ride! But deciding to explore cinema in more ways than one is what's 'new'! Besides some other interesting scripts for me as an actor.
C: We hear that you're going to produce a movie about Hockey. Tell us more about that.
CS: Yes, I've acquired the rights to make a biopic on the life of Sandeep Singh. I have known him for a while now, and I find his life exceptional and inspiring. We need to identify the real heroes and that's the reason I decided to produce a film about him.
C: You always look so great, so we have to ask: did you ever deal with teenage issues like acne, braces, or being plain dorky, like the rest of us?
CS: (laughs) Well, you don't always see me! But yes I did. I didn't really have acne or skin problems, but I did wear braces for two years as a kid. And I was also the darkest child amongst all my cousins so they always made fun of me.
C: So what's your daily fitness routine?
CS: I try and work out about four times a week. Alternating between kick-boxing, TRX [suspension training] and functional training.
C: And what's in your makeup bag?
CS: There's an eye kohl , a lip balm (my lips are always chapped), NARS' tinted moisturiser and my perfume.
C: What's your all-time favourite beauty product?
CS: Tweezerman tweezers, because I don't thread my brows, and M?A?C Eye Kohl.
C:. Tell us your 15-minute before-bed routine?
CS: I start with SK II's face wash, then the SK II Facial Treatment Essence. Finally, the SK II Stempower Cream. And if can see a pimple coming up, then I bring out the Vichy Normaderm Hyaluspot Cream.
C: What are your thoughts on cosmetic surgery and enhancements? Have you ever tried any-will you try any?
CS: I think it's a personal decision, no judgements. I haven't done anything except micro-needling for some marks I had developed on my face and it's helped!
C: Who do you think has the best style in the industry right now? And the best body?
CS: I'd say Kalki Koechlin and Kangana have great style. And Malaika and Deepika have fantastic bodies.
C: One beauty tip you think is complete bull.
CS: Facials once a month will do wonders for you! They don't. I never get facials!
C: So what's your daily skin routine?
CS: Mostly cleansing and toning. Sometimes, I'll use an SK II face pack.
C: Did you ever raid your mother's dressing table?
CS: Of course, all the time. Mostly for lipsticks and nail paints as a child.
C: Red lips or nude ones?
CS: Red!
CS: Fruity on me, musk on men.
C: Smoky eyes or black liner?
CS: I would go for smoky, smudged eyes.
C: Long hair or short?
CS: Long mostly, unless I'm wearing an old tee and jeans look. Then I wish I could be Winona Ryder !
C: Who do you think has the best hair right now?
CS: Beyoncé. She just goes from stick-straight to curly and I love that.
C: Spider lashes are major right now. What do you think?
CS: Love it! But there has to be a balance.
C: What's your signature scent?
CS: Elie Saab.
C: What do you think is your best feature?
CS: My eyes and my skin colour.
C: And what do you think others think it is?
CS: I mostly hear the same thing. Though sometimes I've also heard it's how my voice sounds. Hmmm...[laughs]
C: If you had only five minutes to get dressed for a night out, what would you go for?
CS: Smudged kohl for a sexy, undone look, and some nice matte lip pencil like M?A?C Boldly Bare.
C: The best beauty product under `500?
CS: A simple kohl or a great red lipstick!
C: The best luxury beauty product?
CS: Shu Uemera eyelash curler and Moroccan Oil.
C: The one beauty tip that your mom gave you?
CS: Not to use soap on my face. I use a homemade face powder wash or actual Aloe Vera gel.
C: Ever gone to bed without removing make-up?
CS: Yes. Many times.
C: What's your favourite beauty trend right now?
CS: I love the clean, dewy skin we're seeing on runways. And thick brows!
C: Got a beauty icon?
CS: Many. Winona Ryder, Princess Diana, Rekha ji and Madhubala for starters.
C: What was the worst popular style trend when you were growing up?
CS: I remember padded shoulders were the rage. And stone-washed jeans.
C: Did you own some of these clothes? Be honest.
CS: I used to have these stonewashed jeans with a matching jacket. It was death-by-denim!
C: How would you describe your personal style?
CS: I'm a fan of 'less is more'. My style ranges from classic-clean to casual and sporty.
C: One tip for girls everywhere.
CS: Don't be a fashion victim. Wear your confidence, not just the trend.
*****************************************************************************************************
1. If I weren't an actress, I'd want to be an artist.
2. My beauty icon is Madhubala.
3. I'm deathly afraid of bad foundation.
4. I'm addicted to my M.A.C. Kohl.
5. There's no such thing as being perfect.
6. I'm not as snobbish as I look.
7. I was 17 when I had my first kiss.
8. My childhood crush was Tom Cruise.
9. The one lesson I would give my 15-year-old self is work hard and blame less.
10. My next buy will be a high power Vitamix blender.
11. If I was deserted on an island, I would attempt to make a dress out of coconuts! Haha!
12. I use the word actually a lot.
13. People don't know that I make great snack dips. If that qualifies as a talent.
14. If my house was on fire, the one thing I'd save is credit cards, shoes, bags and my paintings.
15. Nobody scares me more than religious fanatics.
16. I envy happy go lucky people. I have too many to-do lists!
17. If I woke up as my nemesis, I would get to know the nemesis of my nemesis. There is always a bigger daddy above a big daddy.
18. I have a weakness for cookies, ice cream, apple crumble and vanilla.
19. At this moment, I'm thinking about how many more questions I have to answer.
20. When life gives you lemons? Start juggling...and be the best juggler possible!
(Picture credits: @iChitrangda on Twitter)
Reproduced From Cosmopolitan. © 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
You may also like:

Hon Hai Unit to Close India Phone Plant on Shift in Client BaseYou are here: Home Corporates
Hon Hai Unit to Close India Phone Plant on Shift in Client Base
Reuters | Updated On: December 11, 2014 16:55 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
Taipei: A unit of Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd, the world's largest contract manufacturer of electronic goods, will shut operations at a mobile-phone facility in India due to a change in its customer base, it said on Thursday.
The facility in southern India will shut down at end-December, it said, but did not give details about the changes in the customer base.
"This action is also related to a restructuring being carried out of our India operations," according to the statement from FIH Mobile Ltd, a mobile-product arm of Hon Hai, which assembles products for clients like Apple Inc at factories predominantly in China.
The factory in India currently employs 1,700 workers, the company said.
Hon Hai, which employs over 1 million people worldwide, has been attempting to diversify into new industries, investing in a 4G network in its native Taiwan and a South Korean IT services provider.
It reported a 12.9 per cent rise in revenue in November, traditionally a high season as it reaps the benefits of key clients' holiday gadget sales.
Kylie Huang, a Taipei-based analyst with Daiwa-Cathay Capital Markets, said the shutdown also reflects Hon Hai's redeployment of resources toward fast-growing local Indian tech brands like Micromax Informatics Ltd.
"This is a long-term move on FIH's part," Huang said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Ask Kim: signing up for Obamacare for 20150
Don't fly on autopilot. If you bought a policy from your state health insurance exchange in 2014, you generally don't have to do anything this year: You'll automatically be reenrolled unless your policy was discontinued or you choose another policy (you should have received a letter from your insurer letting you know about any changes to your plan for next year). But inaction can be a mistake, even if you've been happy with your coverage. Most people will have more insurers to choose from for 2015 and a wider range of prices, networks and options.
Most state exchanges are adding one or two new insurers in 2015, and some are adding even more. In Missouri, for example, the number of insurers selling on the state exchange is rising from three in 2014 to eight in 2015. New Hampshire, which had only one company selling on the exchange in 2014, will have five insurers in 2015. Ohio and Pennsylvania are also seeing big increases. And some of the new insurers are major players. United Healthcare, for example, sold on only four state exchanges in 2014 but will be selling on 23 exchanges in 2015.
Go to your state exchange Web site (you can find links at http://www.healthcare.gov ) to get price quotes for the policies available in your area. Most states have improved their tools, and they are hiring many more people in their call centers and working with more navigators and agents. Click on the "Find Local Help" link at Healthcare.gov for contact information. Some state exchanges, such as Covered California, even have storefronts where you can buy health insurance.
Look beyond premiums. You've had your policy for nearly a year, and you have a better idea of your actual costs. Some people who chose policies with low premiums had a hard time budgeting for high deductibles and ended up with big out-of-pocket expenses. Look through your records to see how much you spent for health care and presciption drugs; many insurers have tools that itemize your expenses. Also consider any special care you may need in 2015. If you plan to have surgery or another procedure, you may want to pay more for a policy with a lower deductible and fewer out-of-pocket costs (such as a gold-level policy) just for this year, then switch back to a silver or bronze policy the following year.
Next week: More ways to get the most from your coverage.
(Kimberly Lankford is a contributing editor to Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

GOSF 2014 huge success as sales surge over 10%: GoogleGreat online shopping fest a huge success this year, says Google
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 19:03 IST
Photo: Reuters
Internet giant Google on Thursday said that response to the ongoing Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) has exceeded wildest expectations, with Tata Group's realty arm having bagged 10,000 bookings in a single day.
"The GOSF has exceeded the wildest of our expectations with the response that we have had to GOSF", Google India Managing Director Rajan Anandan said.
Anandan said that in spite of high traffic, the user experience is seamless and the sites are not going down.
"This is unlike the experience last year, when there were issues with connectivity", he said.
He said realty firm Tata Housing alone has witnessed 10,000 bookings of flats within the first day of the GOSF, for which Google has tied-up with 450 merchants who are offering special discounts on merchandise.
The Google India head said this is very important as users have to pay Rs 25,000 for the booking.
Meanwhile, Bangalore-based Puravankara booked 125 homes online in less than 12 hours of the offer going live in both the Puravankara and Provident brands.
"The sale, which is on till December 12, has seen sales of small and medium online retailers surge by up to ten times, while the same for established retailers like Flipkart and Amazon are up by up to 100 per cent", Anandan said.
"The busiest section is a special deal corner offering items at Rs 299, while the busiest time for the shopping is between 1800-0000 hours and during lunch breaks between 1200-1400 hours", he said.

Judge Rules Walmart Threatened Workers For Trying To OrganizeWalmart Threatened Workers For Trying To Organize, Judge Rules
Reuters
Comment
By Mica Rosenberg
(Reuters) - An administrative law judge found Walmart  threatened employees trying to organize workers at two stores in  California, in a victory for workers' rights groups challenging  labor practices at the retail giant.
The ruling issued on Tuesday stems from complaints raised by  workers at Walmart stores in Placerville and Richmond,  California, arguing they were unfairly disciplined for trying to  organize employees.
Geoffrey Carter, National Labor Relations Board  Administrative law judge in Washington, D.C., told the company  to stop applying pressure on employees to discourage work  stoppages, adding the Richmond, California, Walmart managers  told workers they would"shoot the union" and said that employees  returning from a strike "would be looking for new jobs."
The judge also ordered the company to change its dress code  for California employees that restricted employees' ability to  wear union shirts.
Walmart, based in Bentonville, Arkansas, could appeal  Carter's decision, but company spokesman Kory Lundberg would  only say that Walmart was still evaluating its next steps.
"We do not agree with some of the administrative law judge's  conclusions," Lundberg said.
The decision is a victory for the campaign by OUR Walmart,  or Organization United for Respect at Walmart, which has been  fighting for better pay and health benefits for workers at the  company's more than 4,000 stores in the United States.
While OUR Walmart is not a union that represents workers for  collective bargaining, it has received extensive advice and  support from the United Food and Commercial Workers union,  according to Carter's opinion.
Complaints about labor practices at stores around the  country have been consolidated into a nationwide complaint that  is ongoing.
Carter's ruling - focused only on the two California stores  - is the first opinion to be issued by a NLRB judge over labor  concerns at the retailer since OUR Walmart started organizing in  2010, said John Logan, an employment expert at San Francisco  State University.
Carter said the dress code enforced at the California stores  prohibited workers from wearing most logos except for Walmart  logos and clothing manufacturer logos, which barred workers  wanting to wear clothing that expressed their cause.
"I find that Walmart's July 2010 dress code is facially  unlawful because it is overbroad and unduly infringes on the  rights of associates to wear union insignia," Carter wrote.
In its briefs on the case, Walmart said the logo  restrictions were needed to maintain the company's public image.     (Additional reporting by Nathan Layne; Editing by Ken Wills)
More:

Buried City Near Stonehenge Revealedreddit
Thanks to new technology, archaeologists are getting their first glimpse into life in Old Sarum , a once-thriving medieval city not far from Stonehenge, and the ruins hidden beneath include what may have been one of the largest palaces of the period.
Located near the modern city of Salisbury, the English Heritage site resembles two raised grassy rings, with the inner ring once home to a castle.
A few stone walls and some ruins are all that remain. But by using techniques such as ground-penetrating radar, researchers from the University of Southampton have found a series of massive structures in the outer ring, or bailey, that may have been part of the city's defenses, as well as a number of homes from the settlement's heyday some 700 to 900 years ago.
“ Archaeologists and historians have known for centuries that there was a medieval city at Old Sarum , but until now there has been no proper plan of the site," Kristian Strutt , experimental officer and director of archaeological prospection services at the University of Southampton, said in a news release. “Our survey shows where individual buildings are located and from this we can piece together a detailed picture of the urban plan within the city walls."
The scans also turned up a large open area, more than 550 feet long, which one expert believes may have been part of a royal complex.
“The location, design and size of the courtyarded complex strongly suggests that it was a palace, probably a royal one ," Dr. Edward Impey, director-general of the Royal Armouries and a leading expert on high status medieval buildings told the Independent. "The prime candidate for constructing it is perhaps Henry I sometime in the early 12th century.”
In addition, the research team found kilns or furnaces and evidence of quarrying that took place after the city had fallen out of favor.
Along with radar, the researchers used magnetometry, earth resistance and electric resistivity tomography to discover what sits beneath the bailey.
"The plan shows for the first time just how much other activity there was around the castle and cathedral which have long been known," Neil Holbrook from Cotswold Archaeology told the BBC. " It sets those monuments within the context of a bustling, vibrant town established shortly after the Norman conquest ."
Old Sarum's history goes back some 5,000 years. By 400 BC, during the Iron Age, a fort had been built on the site. Later, it was occupied by the Romans.
The castle was built in the 11th century, and some believe it may have been a place for nobles to come and pledge allegiance to the conquerers.
" This castle wouldn’t have just dominated the site of Old Sarum itself, but the surrounding countryside as well ," aerial archaeologist Ben Robinson said when describing the site on a recent episode of iTV's "Secrets From The Sky."
A cathedral was built in Old Sarum in 1092. But the city's decline began in the 13th century, when a new cathedral was constructed in what is now the modern city of Salisbury, according to background information provided by the University of Southampton. Salisbury Cathedral remains in operation today.
The research team hopes to return in the spring to continue their work.
More:

`Gold still a good long-term investment option``Gold still a good long-term investment option`
By Reema Sharma |                              Last Updated: Thursday, December 25, 2014 - 13:46
0
Comment
After suffering loss in many sessions followed by the Reserve Bank of India's decision to ease import curbs by scrapping 80:20 scheme, gold staged a strong comeback this week by rising Rs 840 to close at Rs 27,040 per ten grams, a level last seen on October 30.
In an interview with Reema Sharma of Zee Media Corp, Vandana Bharti, AVP, Commodity fundamental research, SMC Comtrade Limited, shares her views on investment in gold and its outlook.
Gold prices have been out of favor for the last couple of months. What are the reasons behind massive fall in gold prices?
Recovery in the US economy, strong performance of dollar index, beginning of the process to end quantitative easing, lack of safe haven buying, better return in riskier assets like rise in equities, fall in crude oil prices and many more are the crucial reasons for decrease in gold prices in 2014. Better return in riskier assets resulted in outflow of capital in the bullion counter.
At what range will gold trade in the near term?
Gold may move in the range of 25000-27500 in MCX. It should consolidate at current level. In international market, it may stay above $1150 mark.
Is it wise to invest in gold now for pure investment purpose?
For the investors who are willing to invest for long term, it is a good time to make an investment in gold. At present, it is trading near its cost of production and many miners are opting for production cut. Any rise in physical demand in future may stimulate buying in gold. It may happen in 2- 3 year timeframe.
Which is a better investment option--stock, other financial investment, or gold?
Obviously equity is looking better than any other class. Nevertheless, one should opt for diversification. One should allocate more funds in equity and in currency segment, but also keep at least 4-5 percent of the fund in gold for long-term purpose. It will shield the investment in bad time, if it occurs.
What are the positive sides to buying gold?
Seasonal and wedding demand can increase the physical demand of gold. Furthermore, central banks are still accumulating gold; it’s a positive trigger in the gold market right now. If dollar index rallies and equity market sees a pause, it will stimulate buying in gold across the board.
Will domestic gold witness the kind of rally it saw before General Elections?
First, gold should get stable at current level, then only we can expect some rally. However, fundamentals of gold are not in much favor. If there is any rise in crude prices apart from increase in festive demand, we may see further buying.  
First Published: Friday, December 5, 2014 - 16:52
0

China dating app founder accused of theftChina dating app founder accused of stealing technology
Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a91e0a6-8121-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Let everyone own a piece of coalLet everyone own a piece of coal
NAND KUMARUM
Tweet
Have more players Broadbasing ownership can benefit the sector
Encouraging retail investors in coal blocks can diversify risks and create a level-playing field in natural resource ownership
The government braces itself for yet another significant task of allotment of coal blocks, this time via an open competitive e-auction process. This is the time to flag some next mile issues that, with a little foresight and planning, could make the process not merely transparent and fair but also more in tune with accepted maxims of economic common sense.
We seek to analyse instruments that could make the result of allocation more broad based, more participatory, and more efficient. Coal is a natural resource and a national resource. It is created by nature. So, who should own it? Who should stand to benefit from its commercial exploitation?
It would be retrograde to suggest a retreat to the government-ownership paradigm that existed after the Coal Nationalisation Act of 1973, which produced sub-optimal results. The Coal Mines Special Provisions Ordinance promulgated recently is a welcome step to move away from the past legislative framework. The monolith Coal India Limited (CIL) and its subsidiaries are still struggling to supply coal users and the extant power coal supply crisis is essentially a hapless aftermath.
Equitable ownership
Coal imports have surged to 168.4 million tonne (mt) in the last fiscal and are choking seaports; The Railways is having a tough time supplying rakes to logistic providers for inland imported coal supply. China imports 290mt coal and thanks to the domestic coal extraction impasse, we will surpass Chinaanytime soon. Of course, this is no achievement, given that India has the fourth largest coal reserves in the world.
As each of the 204 coal blocks in the country go under the hammer, a handful of companies will come to hold possession of these coal blocks. Thus ownership in the natural resource would remain restricted to a few private players, bringing in concomitant issues of monopolies.
Even while the ownership of coal block rests with a few big companies, what about the retail investors? They have investable resources and if anything, recent trends in India Market (stocks, savings in banks, post offices and now Kisan Vikas Patras) clearly show people want to invest in instruments that give good returns.
The idea of equity suggests that when ownership of a natural resource is being changed from government to private firms, every investor must get an opportunity to own it. Several mechanisms could bring about an element of shareholder democracy in the much constrained world of natural resource management.
Mutually beneficial
In an IPO, 35 per cent of the issued capital has to be offered to retail investors. A similar model can work for coal auctions as well — a portion of the block can be reserved for retail investors. If the block is valued at Rs 1,000 crore, 10 per cent of it can go to retail investors. The block could be owned by a special purpose vehicle and it would mandatorily float scrip equivalent of Rs 100 crore in net asset value, which would be available for the retail investor and this scrip would be tradable.
This would result in an arrangement where the promoter will still take major commercial decisions on the utilisation of the coal blockwhile retail investors would stay invested in the national resource.
One could be unsure of retail investors’ appetite for such instruments, but if one was to go by the recent experience of oversubscription of infrastructure bonds, the appetite is nothing short of wholesome.
Alternatively, a holding company owning the coal block could be asked to increase the equity stake offered to retail investors. The holding company can be a listed or an unlisted entity.
In case it is not listed, the government may frame rules requiring compulsory listing and also apportioning a certain representation for retail investors. In case of a listed company, market regulator SEBI could require equity sale to increase the representation of retail investors. The above stated methodologies present a viable option to broad base natural resource ownership and generate a greater degree of awareness about resource ownership and its efficient utilisation.
Use domestic prices
The recent failed auction for three coal blocks (Jhirki and Jhirki West, Andal Babusol and Tokisud ) where Indonesian coal prices (average of four international coal price indices) were used to arrive at the intrinsic value of the coal block is an apt example of auction process floundering due to unrealistic basis.
The reasons why bidders gave a cold shoulder were pretty plain. When upfront payment and production-linked payment were used as inputs in the coal price model, the cost of coal extraction worked out to be greater than the imported coal cost. The bidders therefore, did not want to undertake land acquisition, environmental/forest permit materialising risk only to find the landed cost of coal being in excess of imported coal, which they could have procured easily in these times of pit bottom international coal prices.
Therefore, to conduct a successful auction, it will be prudent to use domestic, Coal India notified prices so that the upfront payment and floor price are within the bounds of bidders’ expectations.
Eligibility issues
Finally, it is time we realised that mining is a commercial venture after all. Rules that require any coal miner to be steel or cement producer first are woefully short-sighted. All mining is not captive mining, it shouldn’t be. Companies should play on their core competencies. The resource based view of strategic management may not advocate upstream integration of steel/cement/power producers as mining firms.
Another word of caution at this point is that vertical integration creates a fertile bed for cartelisation. We wilfully nip innovations in mining technology in the bud when we force uninterested steel/cement/power producers to do a job they aren’t best capable of.
The authors advocate that since the government is interested in commercial mining in near future, the present day captive mine owners be given adequate flexibility to transfer the resource to its most commercial viable destination. This would help steel/cement/power firms to gain in business performance. Not doing so may deter the most desired players from participating in this process.
Any company bidding for a block will eventually structure its finance to leverage funds from banks. Commercial banks are also the only holy cows government looks to for financing substantial part of its infrastructure funding requirement. As government goes out prospecting banks to finance smart cities and high speed rail, retail participation in coal block ownership would also lessen bankers’ woes as part of what would have been debt gets converted to equity.
Broad-basing ownership will also lead to diversification of risk. On the other hand, if the project reaps windfall gains, the fruits of labour would be enjoyed by a wider audience.
Kumarum is an IAS officer, Deepak is a consultant with EY and Bhattacharyya is faculty, NITIE. The views are personal
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Dish preps online TV service minus broadcast channelsTelevision Industry
Dish preps online TV service minus broadcast channels
Mario Gabelli, chairman and chief executive officer at Gamco Investors, and Bloomberg's Betty Liu and Olivia Sterns run down the top stories of the day on "Before The Bell."
Mario Gabelli, chairman and chief executive officer at Gamco Investors, and Bloomberg's Betty Liu and Olivia Sterns run down the top stories of the day on "Before The Bell."

Bill O Reilly Spars With Russell Simmons Over Crime In Black Communitiesreddit
Bill O'Reilly got in a heated argument with hip-hop pioneer Russell Simmons Wednesday night over the recent decisions by grand juries in the United States not to indict white police officers for the killings of unarmed black men.
Following the cases of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri , and Eric Garner in New York City , Simmons has spoken out to condemn the grand jury verdicts, comparing them to "lightning striking the black community over and over and over again."
O'Reilly, however, felt Simmons was missing the point.
"The bigger issue that you are not acknowledging is that the astronomical crime rate among young black men -- violent crime -- drives suspicion and hostility," O'Reilly said. "You won't acknowledge it, Russell. You won't acknowledge it."
The two went on to battle over whether selling drugs is considered a violent crime, or rather, whether selling drugs is what leads to violence in black communities. Simmons ultimately attributed the violence to the prison industrial complex.
"You are so desperately wrong it pains me to talk to you," O'Reilly snapped.
"I feel the same way about you, Bill," Simmons fired back.
"The crime rate is driven by the dissolution of the family," O'Reilly argued. "No supervision, kids with no fathers -- the black neighborhoods are devastated by the drug gangs who prey upon their own. That's the problem!"
O'Reilly's comments were all too reminiscent of his infamous race rant in August, when he claimed that "the reason there is so much violence and chaos in the black precincts is the disintegration of the African-American family," referring to thugs as "scum."
The interview brought us back to O'Reilly's conversation with Simmons in March ,  when the Fox News host expressed his deep concern that the sexual content featured in Beyonce's music videos would lead to unwanted teenage pregnancies and "fractured families."
Watch the full interview on Fox News in the video above.
More:

CAD high  but situation comfortable  says RajanCAD high, but situation comfortable, says Rajan
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, December 11, 2014
First Published: 23:36 IST(11/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:41 IST(11/12/2014)
Comments
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is comfortable with current account deficit (CAD) — the measure of the difference between the inflows and outflows of a foreign currency — even after it widened in the July-September quarter, governor Raghuram Rajan said on Thursday.
“Although it has widened in the last quarter, we are comfortable with CAD scenario. I would still say that risks remain... but I am not much apprehensive about it,” Rajan said.
CAD widened to 2.1% of GDP in the July-September quarter, higher than both the previous quarters and a year earlier, the RBI said on Monday.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley has also said that there was no cause for concern over CAD since forex reserves were comfortable.
On the inflation front, Rajan said with prices easing, he expected people to invest more in paper instruments than gold. A decline in gold buying would cool imports and take pressure off CAD.
Turning to the economy, Rajan said an interest rate cut won’t by itself lead to higher economic growth, although it would have an impact.
The governor also noted the central bank was in discussions with the government about reviewing priority sector lending norms for foreign banks operating in India.
Turning to limits on foreign investments in government bonds, Rajan said it would look at raising the limit at an appropriate time, and would look at expanding it steadily.
Rajan also noted the central bank was in discussions with the government about reviewing priority sector lending norms for foreign banks operating in India.
Brushing aside allegations raised by the Enforcement Directorate that the RBI did not carry out its responsibility to stop ponzi schemes in the country, Rajan said the central bank was keeping a close watch and working with all state-level teams to take steps against chit fund companies.

11 Hoaxes Your Gullible Facebook Friends Fell For In 2014reddit
A lot of us seem all too willing to take what we read on Facebook as fact, especially when presented with just a bit of photographic "proof" or with something that looks vaguely like a news headline.
It's not all our fault. If the same hoax pops up on our Facebook News Feed enough times, we become inclined to believe it's actually true, according to Cabell Gathman of The Daily Dot. And social media certainly makes it easy to get fake news in front of a lot of eyeballs, whose attached humans aren't always willing to question a story's legitimacy before passing it on.
What we really need to do is hone our lie detectors. So let's take a look at the year's totally fake stories, realize what we missed and try to do better at weeding out the hoaxes in 2015.
Hoax #1: This status update keeps your Facebook photos safe!
After Facebook changed its terms and conditions earlier this month, a bunch of people started copying and pasting the same status update on their profiles. The post, written in fake legalese, supposedly reclaimed the rights to any images, videos or words the user uploaded to Facebook.
But no matter how many times hoaxes like this one run amok, status updates can't help you. Even if Facebook users could retroactively change the terms they agreed to when signing up for the site, the gibberish "legal" text so widely shared wouldn't do it . Also, Facebook doesn't own any copyright of your stuff anyway.
Hoax #2: Macaulay Culkin died!
According to Snopes , a fake Facebook memorial page for the former child star kicked off this rumor, which quickly spread across the social media site. Fortunately, Macaulay Culkin is very much alive. Since starring in "Richie Rich" and the "Home Alone" saga, Culkin has been touring with his band, Pizza Underground , which replaces Velvet Underground lyrics with "pizza." Yes, it's weird. But his newest endeavor is even weirder.
Hoax #3: Betty White died!
On Sept. 2, some horrible people at the satirical site Empire News joked about something that should not be joked about: the death of beloved nonagenarian Betty White. The article, titled "Actress Betty White Dyes Peacefully In Her Los Angeles Home," received over 2 million Facebook shares. And although we hope a good number of those who shared it realized the word "dyed" in the headline was just wordplay, people on Twitter didn't seem to get it.
Hoax #4: A bunch of people were dumb enough to charge their iPhones in the microwave!
I tried using the new IOS 8 feature WAVE where you can charge your phone with a microwave, does not work @Apple pic.twitter.com/IWsWnVboUl
— nick (@Fallenbot) September 18, 2014
A fake Apple advertisement made its way around the Internet this fall claiming there was a novel way to charge iPhones: just microwave them. Supposedly, the newest operating system featured the ability to "interface with your device's radio-baseband allowing it to synchronize with microwave frequencies and use them to recharge your battery."
It seems unlikely that many people bought it -- one guy who tweeted this burnt-up iPhone followed up with another tweet suggesting the photo wasn't legitimate . Another user claimed to have taken the exact same image . Maybe a few innocent iPhones got scorched "for the lulz," but it seems pretty far-fetched that this hoax succeeded in persuading the masses to nuke their precious phones.
Hoax #5: Pluto is a planet again!
We might be forgiven for thinking news articles with headlines like " Wait, what? Pluto a planet again? " and " The People Have Spoken: Pluto is a planet! " (each with tens of thousands of Facebook shares) actually meant that Pluto regained its planetary status. Alas, they were merely referring to an event at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. Three physicists debated keeping Pluto as a planet, and when the audience was asked which side had won, they sided with Pluto -- obviously. Unfortunately, it's the International Astronomical Union -- not the rest of us -- in charge of naming celestial objects. And so, Pluto remains a "dwarf-planet."
Hoax #6: Facebook is going to start charging users!
This hoax, almost as old as Facebook itself, apparently still makes the rounds now and then. A satirical report published on a satirical news outlet stating the social media site would begin charging users $2.99 per month to avoid an "unrecoverable financial burden" was shared over 2.3 million times on Facebook after being published in September. Facebook states it will never charge users -- the site makes money by selling ads .
Hoax #7: Banksy got arrested!
During his or her New York City rampage, rumors started circulating that the famously secretive street artist had been arrested . While we're all curious to know Banksy's real identity, the rumor was just another case of people not realizing The National Report is about as factual as The Onion. The real Banksy remains free to plaster graffiti on underappreciated corners of urban landscapes the world over. So far as we know.
Hoax #8: Lemon rinds destroy cancer!
That is just one of the many , many silly claims made by the surprisingly non-satirical website Natural News -- many of which end up getting hundreds of thousands of Facebook shares. The site, run by " health ranger " Mike Adams, feeds conspiracy theories and publishes articles on alternative medicines. In terms of sources, it's pretty far from reputable . We don't have time or space to go over every misconceived headline now, but Slate dissects a few of Natural News' more grievous errors here .
Hoax #9: 9/11 didn't really happen!
This is a hoax that just won't die. In 2014, it appeared in an article claiming a video shows " irrefutable proof " that zero planes actually hit the World Trade Center. The article garnered over 380,000 Facebook shares, even though its basic claims proved fairly easy to dismantle . While we hope most people posted to simply poke fun at 9/11 truthers, we can't be certain.
Hoax #10: This is Darren Wilson!
This is the #Ferguson officer after #MichaelBrown encountered him. Who's telling you the #truth ?
— Resist Tyranny (@ResistTyranny) September 4, 2014
In the weeks after 18-year-old Michael Brown was shot and killed in Ferguson, Missouri, by police officer Darren Wilson, a photo emerged purportedly showing Wilson's injuries after a scuffle with Brown. It wasn't him . The photo, taken back in 2006, shows motocross rider Jim McNeil in the hospital with injuries from an accident. These are Wilson's injuries from the day he killed Brown.
Hoax #11: This good-looking convict is going to be a model!
A couple weeks after his mug shot went viral after getting posted to Facebook , "hot convict" Jeremy Meeks reportedly signed a $30,000 modeling contract with Blaze Modelz. Later it was determined that the reports weren't based in any sort of fact, but that was too late to stop rumor mill.
Earlier on HuffPost:

Jorge Ramos Clashes With Sean Hannity On Immigrationreddit
Fox News' Sean Hannity invited Jorge Ramos onto his show Wednesday night, beginning by congratulating the Fusion anchor for asking President Barack Obama some tough questions on his recent choice to use executive powers on immigration policy.
But that's really where the honeymoon ended. When the debate shifted to the actual issue of immigration reform, and whether those who came to the U.S. illegally deserve to stay in the country, things got contentious.
"They are here because we need them," Ramos said. "What you had for breakfast this morning, it was harvested by immigrants. The place where you live, and most probably, was built by immigrants. Whenever you go to a restaurant and whenever you go to a hotel you're served by immigrants."
"And now you're saying that you don't want them here," he continued. "You criticize them, and then at the same time you benefit from their work."
Hannity rebuked Ramos' argument by running through a laundry list of his previous work experience (dishwasher, waiter, bartender, painter, wallpaper hanger, roofer, etc.), and by saying that his grandparents immigrated to the U.S. legally. The pair continued to bicker over the nuts and bolts of what legislation is needed -- arguing over if securing the border or making sure undocumented immigrants aren't deported takes precedent --  but ultimately Hannity and Ramos had to agree to disagree.
"I gotta run," Hannity said. "We're going around in circles."
More:

Six bucket-list drivesJohammer Frischluft Tour
(Johammer)
The Johammer J1 is a rather unusual – and not inexpensive – electric motorbike built by an upstart Austrian company. It is a highly innovative, but thoroughly nontraditional entrant into a growing field of battery-powered bikes. To help spread word of its arrival, the company has arranged an enticing J1 riding tour along the serpentine mountain roads of upper Austria and southern Bohemia. The Johammer Frischluft (“fresh air”) Tour – conducted in German and English by local guide Georg Fröhlich – runs between May and October in three-, five- and eight-hour versions, with prices ranging from €115 to €280 (about $145 to $350). A motorbike licence is required, and proper motorcycle clothing and a helmet are suggested, but rental gear is available. Alas, although the memories are yours to keep, you’ll have to return the bike.
For purchase details, click here .
Midnight in Paris Citroën 2CV Tour
(Bruno de Hogues/Getty Images)
They don’t call Paris the City of Light for nothing. Montmartre, St Germain-des-Pres and the Latin Quarter are as lively and colourful at the witching hour as they are at midday – perhaps more so. Recognising this, Parisian tour guide Nicolas Manac'h introduced Midnight in Paris on Wheels, a nighttime cruise around the French capital in (but of course) a vintage Citroën 2CV. Manac’h offers two- and three-hour versions of the tour, priced at €200 and €280, respectively, per couple (about $250 and $350). And because this is Paris, and because Manac’h is doing the driving, the price includes a chilled bottle of Champagne.
For purchase details, click here .
Jaguar Le Mans Experience
(Jaguar Cars)
Unless your name begins with “Sir” and ends with “ Moss ”, you generally wouldn’t expect to drive a C- or D-type Jaguar – two of the most successful Le Mans endurance machines of the 1950s – round a proper race circuit. But with a strong gut and £750 ($1,175), you can pilot these icons at a private facility in Warwickshire, England, on select dates in 2015. Also in the offing are stints in the D-type’s road-going equivalent, the XKSS, and a bracing spin in the all-new, 550-horsepower F-type R Coupe .
For purchase details, click here .
Grand Prix Tours’ Monaco: Le Ponant
(Le Ponant)
Access to the Monaco Grand Prix, Formula 1’s most glamorous race, is fiendishly controlled, with checkpoints, corrals and lines at every turn. Something suggests that after a week aboard the sailing yacht Le Ponant (pictured above), such indignities are suffered more graciously. With an itinerary that includes a call in Cannes, France, during that charmed city’s film festival , before finishing in Monaco harbour for the big race, this longtime operator in the Mediterranean has thought of everything – and for $8,595 per person, a good thing. Staff will also help organise tickets to the grand prix, the one amenity not included.
For purchase details, click here .
Rick Seaman Stunt-Driving School
(Newspress)
Stunt drivers are made , not born. Many who have gone on to star on screens large and small began their dream with Rick Seaman and his team of instructors. With facilities in southern California and New Jersey, Seaman teaches 360-degree spins, high-speed reverse, drifting and other essential tricks in a stunt driver’s repertoire. Students who don’t harbour Hollywood fantasies are still welcome. A word to fence-sitters: Seaman’s three-day academies sell out quickly, so reserve early.
For purchase details, click here .
Land Rover Adventure Travel by Abercrombie & Kent
(Land Rover)
Land Rover is to the British travel outfit Abercrombie & Kent what a Barbour jacket is to a pair of Hunter wellies: made for each other. In previous years, the SUV builder and tour operator have joined forces to offer some action-packed four-wheel-drive adventures in a host of extraordinary locales, including Scotland, Iceland and Morocco (pictured below). For 2015, a seven-night tour of Tanzania (pictured above) is on the calendar. From the seat of a Land Rover Discovery, tour participants will gaze out at the Serengeti and down into the Ngorongoro Crater, scanning the horizon for the “big five” – lions, buffalo, elephants, rhinos and leopards. There are seven Tanzania departures during 2015, the first on 24 September and the last on 4 November. Pricing for the tour starts at £7,995 per person (about $13,000). Pricey, indeed. But the opportunity to interact with African wildlife – and Land Rovers – in the wild? That’s priceless.
For purchase details, click here .
(Land Rover)
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

PepsiCo cutting jobs in ChicagoPepsiCo cutting jobs in Chicago
Pepsi job cuts
Daniel Acker
PepsiCo, based in Purchase, N.Y., declined to confirm how many jobs were cut and called the number of Chicago-based employees "minimal."
PepsiCo, based in Purchase, N.Y., declined to confirm how many jobs were cut and called the number of Chicago-based employees "minimal." (Daniel Acker)
Mondelez International
PepsiCo nutrition division slimming down under new leader, cutting at least 100 jobs.
PepsiCo has started cutting jobs in Chicago, the latest step in a long-running effort to trim costs as demand softens for some of its soft drinks and snacks.
The eliminated positions come from a variety of levels and appear to account for a sizable portion of PepsiCo's Chicago office, the site of the company's North America Nutrition division that oversees brands such as Gatorade, Quaker and Tropicana.
Affected employees were contacted Wednesday, according to people familiar with the situation.
PepsiCo, based in Purchase, N.Y., declined to confirm how many jobs were cut and called the number of Chicago-based employees "minimal."
PepsiCo has been called out by activist investor Nelson Peltz, whose Trian Fund Management disclosed a stake in the No. 2 soft-drink maker in April 2013. Trian pushed PepsiCo to consider focusing its operations either by buying snack-maker Mondelez International or splitting its own snack and beverage businesses into two public companies.
Instead, PepsiCo's board, led by Chairman and CEO Indra Nooyi, in February announced that it was keeping beverages and food together as one company after an "exhaustive review."
cComments
These types of blanket reductions are a sign of poor management. If the work these people are doing is not enough to keep them busy or could be done better in another way, then those changes should always be happening in the workplace. If you can function fine with 5 accountants instead of 6,...
Rico Muscatel
2
PepsiCo also added five years to its ongoing productivity plan, taking the three-year plan set to end in 2014 through 2019. The company has said that its plan to cut $8 billion in costs over eight years includes simplifying its organization.
In a March letter to PepsiCo's board, Trian's suggestions included PepsiCo close facilities in Chicago and Purchase to reduce corporate costs.
"We are committed to handling affected individuals with care and offering transition assistance to all impacted employees," the company said Thursday, adding that it "remains committed to having a strong presence in Chicago."
"We are transforming how we operate through a more integrated structure across the PepsiCo businesses based in Chicago, which will fuel our success moving forward," the company said.
The job cuts are the latest shake up for PepsiCo's Chicago office, 555 W. Monroe St.
In September, PepsiCo named Oswald Barckhahn president of PepsiCo North America Nutrition, a promotion after his time as senior vice president of Tropicana North America. Barckhahn replaced Debra Crew, who left PepsiCo and in October became president and chief commercial officer of tobacco company R.J. Reynolds.
PepsiCo, the maker of Pepsi soft drinks, Frito-Lay chips and Tropicana juices, has also dealt with high-profile executive departures this year.
Brian Cornell in summer left his post as CEO of PepsiCo Americas Foods to become chairman and CEO of Target. And in November, PepsiCo said president Zein Abdalla was leaving at the end of the year.
Barckhahn now oversees PepsiCo's nutrition businesses in the United States and Canada, which along with Tropicana includes Quaker, Gatorade and Naked Emerging Brands. Barckhahn has been with PepsiCo for more than a decade, but has spent most of that time outside of Chicago.
PepsiCo has been investing in and expanding its lineup of nutritious products under Nooyi, CEO since 2006. Such products accounted for about 20 percent of the company's total revenue last year.
Still, while trying to grow its businesses, PepsiCo also has been cutting costs.
In 2012, PepsiCo announced plans to cut up to 8,700 jobs, or 3 percent of its global workforce, over three years. That included plans to cut about 150 Chicago-based employees. It is unclear how many jobs were cut as part of that plan.
As of December 2013, PepsiCo employed about 274,000 people, including about 106,000 in the United States. The number of U.S. employees at the end of 2013 was in line with a year earlier.
PepsiCo acquired Chicago-based Quaker Oats in 2001, a move that added Gatorade and Quaker brands to its lineup. Quaker moved its headquarters from 321 N. Clark St. to a new building at 555 W. Monroe St. in 2002, a move that was planned before PepsiCo bought Quaker. Chicago persuaded Quaker to keep its headquarters in the city with nearly $10 million in city assistance in 2000.
PepsiCo bought Naked Juice, a maker of high-end juices, in 2007.
In October, Barckhahn internally announced his leadership team, which largely works with him out of the Chicago office.
"Quaker, Tropicana, Gatorade and Naked Emerging Brands are terrific businesses in their own right, but reaching their full potential requires us to recognize that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts," Barckhahn wrote in October, according to a copy of a memo obtained by the Tribune. "These businesses are truly better together, and we must manage them as such."

These Are The 30 Best Music Videos Of 2014reddit
Get ready to waste an hour or four, because today we're bringing you the 30 most delicious, innovative and bizarre music videos of 2014.
We've combed the internet for the best combinations of sight and sound -- music videos with the rare ability to transport us from a YouTube page to a self-contained world for a brief and wondrous three-minute trip. This year we've got videos with 10,000 hits to selections with 376 million views, jam-packed with pop stars, celebrity cameos, iconic dance numbers, classic movie tributes and the occasional furry monster.
Enjoy our picks for the 30 best music videos of 2014, in no particular order, and let us know what we missed in the comments.
1. St. Vincent -- Digital Witness
Best reason to unplug.
The most convincing (and terrifying) argument as to why you better recognize opulence.
3. FKA twigs -- Video Girl
Best last meal.
4. Yung Jake -- She Don't Need To Know
Best low key product placement.
5. Mac DeMarco -- Passing Out Pieces
Best salad-filled nightmare to make you opt for soup.
6. Perfume Genius -- Queen
Best computer bashing since "Office Space."
7. Jenny Lewis -- Just One Of The Guys
Best use of Anne Hathaway ever.
8. SZA -- Babylon
9. Warpaint -- Disco//Very & Keep It Healthy
Best use of dudes as background eye candy.
10. Beyonce  -- 7/11
Best time ever had in a hotel room with a camera phone.
11. Animalia -- Stifling
12. M.I.A. & The Partysquad -- Double Bubble Trouble
Best worthwhile headache you'll get today.
13. Lykke Li -- No Rest For The Wicked
Best gripping love story in under four minutes.
14. How to Dress Well -- Repeat Pleasure
Best great escape.
15. Childish Gambino -- Sweatpants ft. Problem
Best army of Donald Glovers.
16. Arcade Fire -- We Exist
Best truck-driver-sexy choreography.
17. She & Him -- Stay Awhile
Best invisible dance partner.
18. Ariel Pink -- Picture Me Gone
Best video to not watch right before bed.
19. tUnE-yArDs -- Water Fountain
Best surprise appearance by a fuzzy monster!
20. Henry Wolfe -- Encino
Best ode to the suburbs.
21. Tom Rosenthal -- Watermelon
Best use of a grown man in a watermelon suit. (*Close call though.)
22. Rick Ross -- Sanctified
Best emoji overload.

Black Money Falcianien.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_black_money    Cached
In India, Black money refers to funds earned on the black market, on which income and other taxes have not been paid. The total amount of black money deposited in ...

RBI Governor: Need more tax breaks to encourage domestic savingsVideo: Current account deficit comfortable despite widening: Raghuram Rajan
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
India needs to provide more tax breaks to individuals so as to encourage savings, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said.
More tax benefits need to be given to encourage savings as the "real value of the financial benefits given (in recent years) has eroded," Rajan said in his Bharat Ram Memorial lecture here on Friday.
Rajan's remarks are significant as it comes at a time when Finance Ministry has begun work for the upcoming budget in February next year.
The erstwhile UPA regime --while being too business friendly--had not been liberal in providing tax breaks to encourage savings.
Thanks to the runaway inflation in last two to three yers of the UPA regime, savings rate in the country has sharply declined to about 31 per cent from level of 38 per cent some years back.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Role of regulators is not just boosting Sensex: RajanThe economists Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh along with RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan during the Bharat Ram memorial seminar, in the Capital, on Friday KAMAL NARANG
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
Justifying his decision not to cut interest rate, the Reserve Bank of India Governor, Raghuram Rajan, has said that the role of regulators is not just boosting Sensex.
“Financial stability sometimes means regulators, including the central bank, have to go against popular sentiment. The role of regulators is not to boost the Sensex but to ensure that the underlying fundamentals of the economy and its financial systems are sound enough for sustainable growth. Any positive consequences to the Sensex are welcome but are only a collateral benefit, not the objective,’’ Rajan said, while addressing a seminar organised by FICCI.
He said that in addition to inflation, however, a central bank has to pay attention to financial stability. “This is a secondary objective, but it may become central if the economy enters a low-inflation credit and asset price boom,’’ he said.
This remark has come at a time when Rajan is facing criticism from all quarters for not lowering rate even both the wholesale and retail inflation are at record low.
Rajan also informed that a 'Volker' like disinflation was never on the cards in India, but an “Urjit Patel glide path fits us very well, ensuring moderate growth even while we disinflate. Going forward, we will discuss an appropriate timeline either with the Government in which the economy shall move to the centre of the medium-term inflation band of 2-6 per cent time band.’’
Giving his inputs for growth, he said that the country is more dependent on the global economy than one thinks.
He felt that domestic demand growth is notoriously difficult to manage and typically leads to excess. That is why “we need to strengthen domestic macroeconomic institutions, so that we can foster sustainable and stable growth.’’
At the same time, he said, foreign market cannot be allowed to shrink further. “We have to take up the fight for an open global system. Rather than being reactive, we have to be active in setting the agenda,’’ he opined.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

TCS shares fall ahead of businessupdateTata Consultancy Services (TCS) shares today fell nearly 2 per cent to trade at 2443.90. Traders speculated that the company may announce some restructuring, which may impact earnings outlook.
According to analysts, TCS will provide a business update later in the day.
TCS does a sell-side meeting before every quarter end. The management’s commentary on FY15 dollar revenue growth will be key, said analysts.
Stock has 34 ‘buy’ ratings, 16 ‘hold’ and 2 ‘sell’ ratings. The shares are at lower Bollinger band and 14-day RSI at 32.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

China offers to help Iraq defeat extremistsDecember 12, 2014 7:50 am
China offers to help Iraq defeat Sunni extremists
Najmeh Bozorgmehr in Tehran and Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f4dc794-8141-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BSE SME listed firms market value crosses Rs 10 000 crmarkEarnings growth, policy, rate cut to shape market movement in 2015
The market valuation of companies listed on the BSE’s SME platform today crossed the landmark Rs 10,000 crore mark within two years of its launch.
Commenting on the achievement BSE MD & CEO, Ashishkumar Chauhan said: “Reaching market capitalisation of Rs 10,000 crore in listed BSE SME companies is a small but significant step for Indian capital markets.
“BSE is delighted to be of help to SME companies in raising the capital, creating wealth for various stake holders, bringing corporate governance and visibility and providing liquidity on the platform. MSME sector is one of the largest provider of jobs in India and engine of job creation.”
The BSE SME platform currently has 82 companies listed on its platform. Additionally, 16 more companies are at various stages of listing.
“Regulatory framework set up by regulator SEBI and policies by Ministry of Finance have helped create a conducive environment for SME companies to list on BSE SME platform,” Chauhan added.
India has a huge potential for SMEs and the success at BSE SME in less than 3 years of its setting up has opened up important avenues for high growth SME companies to raise funds for their growth from public, he said.
This also proves that Indian investors are willing to invest in right companies, however small, Chauhan noted.
Recently, the market cap of companies listed at the BSE crossed Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
BSE is the world’s largest stock exchange in terms of the numbers of companies listed on its platform which stands at 5,530.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Kotak Securities: Positive outlook on the ICICI BankstockEarnings growth, policy, rate cut to shape market movement in 2015
Our recent interaction with the management of ICICI Bank reinforces our positive outlook on the stock. We believe management’s focus on stable growth with improving structural profitability is likely to continue.
ICICI Bank has continued to demonstrate its prowess in improving ALM, maintaining robust liability franchise, managing asset quality risk along with conserving capital.
Retail segment has continued to show healthy growth while SME and domestic corporate books have seen calibrated growth. Its asset quality has stabilized; fresh loan impairments have also remained within the management’s guidance.
At CMP, stock trades at reasonable valuation (1.7x FY16E ABV), after stripping the value for subsidiaries. We have marginally revised earnings upward for FY15/16E along with assigning higher multiples for its core business as well as subsidiaries on improving macros.
We reiterate BUY on the stock with revised TP of Rs.390 (Rs.364) using SOTP method, where the value of its standalone business comes to Rs.314 (2.0x FY16E ABV) and the value of subsidiaries at Rs.76 (holding company discount: 20% to the fair value of its subsidiaries at Rs.94).
Saday Sinha, banking analyst, Kotak Securities
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

OnMobile shares soar 5% as stock buy-backapprovedEarnings growth, policy, rate cut to shape market movement in 2015
Shares of mobile value-added solutions provider OnMobile Global soared 5 per cent to touch the highest trading permissible limit for the day after the company’s board approved a share buy-back plan.
OnMobile’s scrip jumped 4.98 per cent to Rs 72.60 — its highest trading permissible limit for the day on the BSE.
At the NSE, it gained 4.97 per cent to touch its upper circuit limit of Rs 72.90.
On the volume front, 1.68 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while over 5 lakh scrips were traded at the NSE during initial trade.
In a filing to the BSE yesterday, OnMobile Global had said: “The Board of Directors of the company at its meeting have decided on buy-back of equity shares of Rs 10 each from open market through stock exchange mechanism at a price not exceeding Rs 86 per equity share payable in cash for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs 49 crore.”
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Spending: should you pay with Apple Pay0
I recently tested Apple Pay as well as several other mobile-payment applications. Based solely on the ease of setting up and making payments, Apple Pay glides to a win over its competitors. And setting up Apple Pay is easy. It works with an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus and relies on your fingerprint to complete a transaction with the much-vaunted Touch ID feature. I spent a few minutes logging my print into a borrowed iPhone 6 with Apple Pay installed. Then I opened the Passbook app (already loaded on new phones) and scanned in a photo of my debit card with the phone's camera. (Apple Pay supports credit and debit cards from only a handful of major banks and card networks, but more are on the way.) The scan recorded the card number, and I entered the expiration date and security code.
In an e-mail, my bank informed me that the virtual version of my card was assigned a number separate from that of my physical card as a security measure. An icon of my card showing just my physical card's last four digits appeared on screen. After I tapped it to make it the primary payment choice, I took a spin through a few merchants in my neighborhood that accept contactless payments (about 220,000 retail locations nationwide take Apple Pay and other NFC payments).
At my first stop, Walgreens, I held the phone to the section of the terminal designated for contactless payments and pressed my thumb to the phone's Touch ID sensor. The terminal quickly recognized the payment, prompted me to punch my debit card PIN into the terminal's keypad, and the cashier handed me a receipt. The transaction was a snap.
Using loyalty and gift cards was another matter. I tried to scan in my Panera Bread loyalty card, but the Passbook app didn't accept it as a compatible "pass." To redeem a gift card at Whole Foods, I had to download the Gyft app, which holds information from your collection of gift cards, and enter the number and PIN of the gift card. The app displayed a bar code and number that I showed to the cashier at checkout.
Next week: How Google Wallet and Softcard stack up.
(Lisa Gerstner is a contributing editor to Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Chinese dating app shares surge on debutChinese dating app surges on debut despite corruption claims
Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco and Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c72dec8e-81af-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sr VP & Fund Manager (Equities) UTI Mutual FundSr VP & Fund Manager (Equities)
UTI Mutual Fund
Lalit Nambiar is a commerce graduate from Narsee Monjee College of Commerce, Mumbai and holds a post-graduate degree in management (MMS) from Sydenham Institute of Management, Mumbai University. He also holds a CFA charter awarded to him in 2005 by the CFA Institute, USA. He began his career in June 1994, with IIT InvesTrust Limited, where, after a brief stint in investment banking, he joined their equity research team and eventually covered Banks and Consumer Staples. He joined UTI Securities Limited in 1999, where he added the Healthcare sector to his research repertoire. In Jan’04, he joined SBI Capital Markets Limited in the role of a senior analyst, covering multiple sectors while also helping mentor a team of analysts. Lalit joined UTI AMC Limited in Dec’06 as a Vice President in Securities Research. He took up portfolio responsibilities in July’07.
ABOUT Lalit Nambiar
Lalit Nambiar is a commerce graduate from Narsee Monjee College of Commerce, Mumbai and holds a post-graduate degree in management (MMS) from Sydenham Institute of Management, Mumbai University. He also holds a CFA charter awarded to him in 2005 by the CFA Institute, USA. He began his career in June 1994, with IIT InvesTrust Limited, where, after a brief stint in investment banking, he joined their equity research team and eventually covered Banks and Consumer Staples. He joined UTI Securities ...

Global Chief Investment Strategist Blackrock InvestmentDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Bhopal s Rita Mathur crowned LG s Mallika-e-Kitchen 2014By: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 5:18 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 5:19 pm
Bhopal’s Rita Mathur was declared the winner of the sixth season of LG’s Mallika-e-Kitchen 2014, the amateur chefs cooking competition, beating 4000 participants from 62 cities across India. Pushpa Chaplot from Mumbai and Shajeeda from Chennai were named as first and second runners up respectively.
Celebrity chef and cookbook author Nita Mehta was also present at the occasion.
The winner was selected at the grand finale through a live cooking competition held at Delhi’s Shangri’ La Hotel. Mathur won the cooking contest for her delicious Zaika-E-Hind recipe.
“I am extremely happy and excited to win the prestigious title of LG Mallika-E-Kitchen 2014. This competition has proved and valued my cooking ability at the national platform, appreciating my love for food and feeding people. With this award, LG has presented me an opportunity to commence my own journey in the culinary world. I am thankful and deeply appreciate LG India in their endeavor towards providing this amazing opportunity to the Indian women for showcasing their talent and vast Indian taste at the national level,” says the elated Mathur after winning the contest.
LG Mallika-E-Kitchen 2014 winner Mrs. Rita Mathur from Bhopal with Mr. Sanjay Chitkara, Head Corporate Marketing, LG India along with Celebrity Chef Nita Mehta
“The 2014 LG Mallika-e-Kitchen cooking contest was another resounding success for us. This annual competition once again demonstrated the kinds of smart, healthy and tasty dishes that can be created using Microwave technology. This year’s campaign was yet another example of consumer support and appreciation towards LG’s initiative for creating awareness across India about healthy cooking with microwaves,” Rajeev Jain, Business Head, Home Appliances, LG India said.
LG Mallika-E-Kitchen Cooking Contest is an annual event that started as a television series intially and the first season was hosted by Shruti Seth.

How stupid men can be Deadly!By: Indo-Asian News Service | London |
Posted: December 12, 2014 12:29 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 12:30 pm
To the delight of some out there, a team of British researchers has discovered that men are bigger idiots than women and they have a connotation for it – Male Idiot Theory.
Researchers from Newcastle University decided to test the theory by examining sex differences in “idiotic risk-taking behaviour” among Darwin Award nominees over a 20-year span.
The Darwin Awards commemorate those who die not in accidental deaths but in idiotic accidents involving “astonishingly stupid methods,” the team wrote in the annual issue of the British Medical Journal.
Worthy candidates include a man stealing a ride home by hitching a shopping trolley to the back of a train, only to be dragged two miles to his death before the train was able to stop.
There is also a terrorist who posted a letter bomb with insufficient postage stamps and who, on its return, unthinkingly opened his own letter to disastrous result.
Of the 413 Darwin Award nominations, 332 were independently verified and confirmed by the Darwin Awards committee.
Of these, 14 were shared by male and female nominees – usually overly adventurous couples in compromising positions – leaving 318 valid cases for statistical testing.
Of these 318 cases, 282 Darwin Awards were awarded to males and just 36 awards given to females.
“Males thus made up 88.7 percent of Darwin Award winners and this sex difference is highly statistically significant,” the authors noted.
This finding is entirely consistent with male idiot theory (MIT) and supports the hypothesis that men are idiots and idiots do stupid things.
“It is puzzling that males are willing to take such unnecessary risks – simply as a rite of passage, in pursuit of male social esteem, or solely in exchange for ‘bragging rights’,” the authors pointed out.

October IIP shocks  slips to -4.2%; Nov CPI cools06:00 pm
The index for industrial output (IIP) for the month of October slipped to a three-year low of  negative 4.2 percent against a CNBC-TV18 poll estimate of 2.1 percent, led by a degrowth in manufacturing sector, which stood at -7.6 percent as against 2.5 percent (month-on-month). The September IIP had come in at 2.5 percent.
The growth in intermediate goods contracted 3.1 percent in October against a growth of 1.8 percent teh month before and capital goods shrunk 2.3 percent against a growth of 11.6 percent. But the shocking declines came in the consumer durables (-35.2 percent vs -11.3 percent) and in the consumer goods (-18.6 percent vs -4 percent) segments. The contraction in consumer durables is baffling considering it was right in the middle of the festive season. Consumer non-durables too had little to cheer, contracting 4.3 percent vs a growth of 1.5 percent
The few bright spots were electricity  (13.3 percent vst 3.9 percent), basic goods (5.8 percent vs 5.1 percent) and mining (5.2 percent vs o.7 percent)
Inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) further cooled to 4.3 percent in November as against 5.52 percent in October led by favourable base. A CNBC-TV18 poll of analysts had estimated it at 4.4 percent.
According to estimates, the biggest decline has been led by food, beverage and tobacco inflation, which constitute 50 percent of CPI. The food inflation fell to 3.1 percent against 5.59 percent on a month-on-month basis. The data for rural inflation came in at 4.09 percent against 5.52 percent and that for urban inflation stood at 4.69 percent versus 5.55 percent M-o-M.
Reacting to the numbers, Rupa Rege Nitsure, Chief Economist & GM, Bank of Baroda , said though the data for October is due for correction, it is true that industrial production is not looking very encouraging, nor has credit taken off. Hence, she does not expect any rate cut, “definitely not on account of lower food inflation because it is seasonal in nature”.
Sandip Sabharwal, independent market expert, says: “The IIP data has come in at a time when global market is very volatile. The slowdown is a reality, and corrective mood in the market will continue.”
He too feels the RBI communication is very clear – that the central bank will not cut rates till February. He expects market to sink a little more.
Soumya Kanti Ghosh, Chief Economic Advisor, SBI , said the IIP numbers are definitely shocking but he feels that in October there has been a 78 percent contraction in communication sub-sector.
“October was the month when Nokia had shutdown its operations in India. So, that could be an explanation for the decline by 78 percent and that could be one of the possible results for this shocking IIP number at -4.2 percent. We were expecting that the IIP numbers should increase this month but it has moderated particularly due to this one-off phenomenon,” he said.
However, he feels that if one takes out the radio, TV, communication segment, which has declined by 78 percent, IIP has actually expanded in positive category.
RELATED NEWS

Uber CEO Travis Kalanick parties with kids in San FranciscoArchive
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick parties with kids in San Francisco
Uber Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Travis Kalanick (R) compares skewers with fourth grader Gabriel Sullivan (L) during Cooking Matters, a nutrition class taught by 18 Reasons, a local partner of Share our Strength at Glen Park Elementary School in San Francisco, California.

Baidu set to invest in UberBaidu set to invest in Uber as app tries to go deeper into China
Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/38645960-81ec-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lean In stories: Walter Isaacson on the women of the digital revolution0
Isaacson: It can't be stated enough. If you can see it, you can be it. That's why shedding light on women like Ada Lovelace is so crucial. Girls growing up today need to see that women have made their mark in this field before. Women are an essential part of the digital past and present, and recognizing this will help draw girls in the classroom to STEM so that they can grow up to become an essential part of the digital future.
Mary Somerville is a perfect example of this. She was one of Britain's few noted female mathematicians at the time. She met with Ada regularly, sent her math books, devised problems for her to solve, and explained theories to her. It was a great instance of a woman empowering another woman. But I would also add the importance of male mentors for women. Charles Babbage bucked conventions by collaborating with Lovelace, and that opportunity is what led to much of the history she made. Both genders should embrace opportunities to mentor women.
LI: What lessons can today's innovators learn from Lovelace?
Isaacson: Ada Lovelace linked humanity to technology. This understanding of how the two worlds intersect is a trait of some of the greatest innovators I encountered. Much of it had to do with Lovelace's personal history. She was the poet Lord Byron's daughter and her mother didn't want her to turn out like him, so she had her tutored almost exclusively in mathematics — as if that were an antidote to being poetic. But a funny thing happened. Ada Lovelace fell in love with math, but she also maintained her sense of imagination and art. She called the fusion “poetical science.” I found again and again true change agents were often those who stood at the intersection of art and technology, embracing the best of both worlds. Steve Jobs did this, and Ada Lovelace did too.
We celebrated Ada Lovelace day on October 14th this year. But we shouldn't stop there. We should also be celebrating Grace Hopper Day on her birthday on December 9th, and other days throughout the year celebrating female engineers, scientists, and innovators.
LI: Speaking of Grace Hopper — World War II saw another wave of female innovators in the development of modern computing.
Isaacson: Historically, war has mobilized science. World War II helped mobilize computing, and women were at the forefront of that. The ENIAC was the first electronic general-purpose computer, and all the engineers who built its hardware were men. But the women of ENIAC showed that the programming of a computer could be just as significant as the design of its hardware.
LI: Speaking of the power of groups — the women of ENIAC were crucial in the development of modern computing.
Isaacson: A century after Ada Lovelace, the first electronic computers were being invented. Men were still focused on the hardware, but women like Grace Hopper and the six women of ENIAC understood, and proved, that the programming of a computer could be just as significant as the design of its hardware. People are sometimes surprised by women's involvement this early on in the field, but in fact 15 percent of Americans who got doctorates in math during the 1930s were women. By the 1950s, by contrast, a mere 4 percent of math doctorates went to women.
Six women programmed the first all-electronic, programmable computer, the ENIAC, a project run by the U.S. Army in Philadelphia as part of a secret World War II project. They were given the seemingly menial task to reset switches. They wrote out each new sequence on paper and developed the use of subroutines. Today, we call that programming. The women envisioned the many things ENIAC might someday do, and their work paved the way for other programmers. And yet, when the ENIAC was unveiled to the public, the women were never introduced. They remained in the shadows. It's time to change that and give these women the recognition they deserve.
LI: What message would you send to young girls today who are thinking about pursuing STEM but who might be discouraged by the numbers of women in the field?
Isaacson: Lean in — girls run the world.
Walter Isaacson is the CEO of the Aspen Institute, and he has been chairman of CNN and the managing editor of Time magazine. He is the author of “Steve Jobs”; “Einstein: His Life and Universe”; “Benjamin Franklin: an American Life”; and “Kissinger: A Biography.” His new book, “The Innovators: How a Group of Hackers, Geniuses, and Geeks Created the Digital Revolution,” is out now.

Who s who of India Inc discuss good governance practicesDec 12, 2014, 07.36 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Who's who of India Inc discuss good governance practices
With the issue of good governance at the helm of corporate India affairs the Gatekeepers of Governance – a corporate governance summit brought together all the stakeholders to discuss and deliberate pertinent matters regarding good corporate governance practises.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Who's who of India Inc discuss good governance practices
With the issue of good governance at the helm of corporate India affairs the Gatekeepers of Governance – a corporate governance summit brought together all the stakeholders to discuss and deliberate pertinent matters regarding good corporate governance practises.
Post your opinion here
Special Show
With the issue of good governance at the helm of corporate India affairs the Gatekeepers of Governance – a corporate governance summit brought together all the stakeholders to discuss and deliberate pertinent matters regarding good corporate governance practises and to give the lenders perspective on the same with a formidable panel comprising of former deputy governor of RBI KC Chakrabarty, Executive Vice Chairman and MD of Kotak Mahindra Bank Uday Kotak and Managing Partner of AZB & Partners Zia Mody.
RELATED NEWS

Leaders in politics  business  sport and warAt 33, she juggles different roles and still has the time to nab her 18th Grand Slam title
ABOUT WOMEN OF 2014
With interviews by FT writers and exclusive photo-portraits, our annual special issue celebrates the extraordinary women who have made their mark - as leaders, campaigners and fighters - in a year that has shaken the world.
EDITOR’S CHOICE

Repsol in talks on $8bn Talisman dealRepsol in talks to buy Talisman Energy for up to $8bn
Ed Crooks and Arash Massoudi in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6c74867e-8202-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

An audience at the court of King JamesA royal audience at the court of ‘King’ James
Gary Silverman
On tour in New York the British Duke and Duchess of Cambridge met American ‘royalty’
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/62657a5a-807f-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lingaa: Why can t a Rajini movie be a better movieTamil cinema
One question we ask of most Rajinikanth movies, as we exit them, is this: Why aren’t they better? As a star, he occupies a universe of his own, so budgetary issues can’t be the problem – you could ask for the moon and get it. With him on board, there’s going to be little trouble getting the best supporting actors, the best technicians – heck, you could hire the wizards who choreograph Bond movie stunts. And his films have become biennial events, if that. Lingaa marks his return to the screen four years afterEnthiran (the animated Kochadaiiyaan doesn’t really count). Isn’t that enough time to write a rock-solid script that does his stature justice while also satisfying his fans? Why, then, do these outings come off less like movies than a hastily put-together dispensing mechanism for a Rajini fix? Take a puff during the opening weekend. The effects will last two years.
But consider, also, director KS Ravikumar’s plight. It’s hard enough making a movie with any big star, with all the calculations that go into what the star’s on-screen character can be allowed to do. Imagine, then, accommodating all the must-haves of a Rajinikanth movie. You have to pay tribute to the past (here we have lyrics from Baasha, a snatch of the title song from Billa). You have to look forward to the future, which involves the inevitable speculation about a political career. (This film’s plot is about a dam that will irrigate the drought-stricken lands of Tamil Nadu’s farmers, and there’s a reference to a Supreme Court ruling. We’re told that Rajinikanth has behind him “makkal sakthi", people’s power. We’re also told he can become governor, or end up in Parliament.) You have to try and work in socially relevant issues as well. (This film, in one stretch, tackles the issue of caste.)
Genre: Action-drama Director: K.S. Ravikumar Cast: Rajinikanth, Anushka Shetty, Sonakshi Sinha Storyline: A British-era king builds a dam to save drought-stricken lands
You have to think up punch dialogues that will outlive the movie. (It’s unlikely the ones here will. Sample: “Vaazhkayile edhuvume easy ille. Muyarchi panna edhuvume kashtam ille.”) You have to accommodate the actor’s interest in spirituality, which means weaving in lines that refer to God. (Yes, fans, there is apparently someone who Rajinikanth himself considers a higher power.) You have to have scenes where the Rajinikanth character gets emotional and ends up making great sacrifices for the well-being of the other characters, and, alongside, you have to have scenes where the other characters burst into tears and remark how great the Rajinikanth character is. And you also need a heroine or two. (Two, in this case, Anushka Shetty and Sonakshi Sinha.) No, this isn’t about Rajinikanth’s age. After all, if an ageing Sean Connery could play Bond in Never Say Never Again, there’s no reason to get worked up about Rajinikanth romancing much-younger actresses. But there’s the pesky problem about his image, which will not let him strike any real sparks with these heroines – he has to keep them at arm’s length. And this does the romantic tracks no favours.
With all this, it’s a small miracle that the person summoned to make a 'Rajini movie' doesn’t turn chalk-white with fear and flee to a foreign country under an assumed name. But that cannot excuse the films.Lingaa is talky and overlong (nearly three hours), plagued with pacing issues, and – worse – tells a story that lays no claims to our emotions. Rajinikanth plays two roles. In the present-day portions, he’s a thief, and a lot of time is wasted on this character’s doings (one of them a heist involving a tennis ball, balloons, and sticker pottu) till we get to a British-era flashback that is this film’s reason for being. Here, Rajinikanth plays a munificent king who’s also a Cambridge-educated civil engineer (weren’t they all?) who decides to build that dam.
Of course, there are people who don’t want that dam built, and the chief villain is a Brit whose name I never caught. That’s another problem. Rajinikanth’s films work best when he’s butting horns with a strong adversary – the deranged Neelambari in Padayappa, or Rajinikanth himself playing a robotic terror in Enthiran. The villain here is unintentionally hilarious (just watch him wrap his tongue around words like “nayavanjagam”). With the preordained outcome, the stakes are negligible.
It’s easy to overlook the inaccuracies (though with a production this big, you’d think they’d do more research) – at a palace ball, we hear symphonic music when the musicians on stage are playing guitars and drums; in the flashback, set in 1939, we see repeated references to Joseph Campbell’s The Hero with a Thousand Faces, which wasn’t published until a decade later. But it’s harder to forgive the near-complete lack of entertainment, save for a late-in-the-day action sequence where Rajinikanth jumps on a motorbike and does what we pay to see Rajinikanth do. The theatre erupted at this point – out of sheer relief, it seemed to me, at finally having something worth cheering about.
Oh, there was one other scene that ushered in much excitement. It’s when we learn it’s the birthday of the Rajinikanth character in the flashback. A cake is wheeled out. People sing the birthday song. Fans watching Lingaa on its day of release, December 12 (Rajinikanth’s birthday), will enjoy being in the superstar’s vicinity as he cuts his birthday cake. But that’s just a temporary high. Next time, how about a film that leaves us with happy memories on other days as well?
A version of this review can be read at https://baradwajrangan.wordpress.com

ANDY RAIN / EPA fileandy rain / epa file
Whats sacrosanct about promotersWhat’s sacrosanct about promoters?
AARATI KRISHNAN
Tweet
There’s no need to panic when they relinquish control. Companies with low or nil promoter holdings can also flourish
The recent move by Infosys promoters and their families to offload sizeable stakes in the company has triggered mostly adverse reactions from investors. Many seem to see this move as a dark foreboding that the business is in a terminal decline and have hastened to sell the stock.
This view is quite puzzling, for it is under the helmsmanship of the very same promoters that Infosys has lost its mojo in recent years. It was under its founder-CEOs that Infosys ceded its top slot in Indian software’s Big Four and fell behind rivals such as TCS and Cognizant in terms of growth and scale. Turnaround hopes for the company have in fact revived after the recent induction of a professional CEO.
Hardly unique
Nor is the decision by Infosys promoters to reduce their stake in the firm they founded unique. Taking stock of the latest shareholding disclosures of the top 500 companies (September 2014), over 200 of them now feature promoter holdings below the critical 51 per cent mark; 27 firms have promoter holdings of less than 25 per cent. And nearly a dozen of these have no official ‘promoters’ at all. They are owned by institutions, run by a professional board and are none the worse for it.
This list features companies such as IDFC, L&T, ITC, HDFC, HDFC Bank and CARE. All are top wealth creators and some leaders in their respective business. Despite this evidence, shareholders in Indian companies seem to cling to the belief that a high promoter holding is the best guarantee of the company’s financial health and good governance.
But experience suggests that when an individual or a business family holds overarching control over a firm’s strategies and operations for a long time, they do often make decisions that aren’t quite rational or even in the company’s interests.
For one, haven’t we seen quite a few instances of perfectly sound companies turning value destroyers because of the promoter’s vaulting personal ambition? Often, a cash-rich flagship firm is used to bankroll unrelated and unwise forays into sectors that the promoters fancy. (Airlines, IPL teams and hotels seem to be the most popular choices.) Or in a mad race for size, it takes on an oversized acquisition which saddles it with unnecessary debt.
Jolts to shareholders
Political affiliations of promoters can deliver needless jolts to shareholders too. In the last two years, shareholders in firms belonging to business groups such as the Adanis, Ambanis, GMR and Marans have been on a rollercoaster ride irrespective of company fundamentals. This was thanks mainly to their perceived connections to the Congress and the BJP.
Far from being a guarantee of good behaviour, high promoter holdings in Indian companies often facilitate doubtful practices such as related party transactions. After all, quite a few listed Indian firms bail out ‘group’ firms in distress with generous low-interest loans, large corporate guarantees and inter-corporate deposits which would never be extended in the normal course of business. As a result, though their businesses may be very different, the problems of one company in a group often get visited upon other firms sharing the same promoter. Take United Spirits, which despite being in an unassailable position in the Indian liquor market, has seen its shareholders endure poor stock valuations and wild price swings, due to the highly visible debt troubles of Kingfisher Airlines.
In such cases, promoters selling their stake is obviously good news for the shareholders. The company’s board can be better constituted and its managers empowered to make objective decisions that are in the best interests of the business.
But isn’t it wrong to tar all of India Inc’s promoters with the same brush? What if the entrepreneur is committed, far-seeing and able to efficiently manage the business? Even such companies may benefit from a change of guard over time.
As any business grows in scale and complexity, there does come a time when a single individual no longer has the bandwidth to make all the decisions the enterprise demands. If steered by a team of specialists in diverse areas of operations, it may make even better use of its opportunities that it has hitherto done.
Not voluntary
Having said this, in most cases, promoters or business families haven’t ceded their majority shareholding in listed companies out of choice. A good number of promoters have done it reluctantly, to comply with the Securities and Exchange Board of India’s minimum public shareholding rule. This rule, which required promoters to divest at least 25 per cent of their shares to the public by mid-2013, has been a primary driver of falling promoter holdings in India Inc.
The economic downturn of the past three years has expedited the trend too. The bad loan woes of banks and regulatory pressure to recover them have forced promoters of quite a few distressed companies to pledge or sell their equity stakes to settle the claims of their creditors.
However, from a regulatory standpoint, getting promoters to liquidate their shares in listed companies at gun-point is only half the battle won. To really allow the company’s board and top managers to function independently, regulators need to ensure that the promoter or his family members do not continue to exercise decision-making powers or rights that are disproportionate to their shareholding in the company. After stake sales, promoters should be required to relinquish their board seats, key managerial positions or assorted perks that they have hitherto enjoyed in listed companies.
Active participation
But public shareholders must note that even this will not automatically guarantee good governance or great strategic decisions at the companies they invest in.
With the promoters no longer taking an active role, it is important that the institutional investors and public shareholders in listed companies take a more active part in corporate decisions by consciously exercising their voting rights.
Given that the shareholding in most Indian companies is dominated by foreign institutional investors, who may be short-term in their outlook, a disproportionate share of the burden for ensuring good governance falls to domestic institutional investors such as the LIC, private insurance companies and mutual funds.
Today, most of them participate only sporadically in key corporate decisions that are put to vote. Where they do, they often rubber stamp the decisions of the management. As for public shareholders, they usually stay completely away from company meetings, despite recently being armed with e-voting facilities.
If institutional and public shareholders in Indian companies fail to take control of decision-making at the firms they own, promoters, even after their recent stake sales, will get to enjoy the best of both the worlds.
They will continue to call all the shots on corporate decisions. But as majority owners, it is the public shareholders who will face the financial consequences of their bad decisions.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

26/11 and the fallacy of non-State actors26/11 and the fallacy of non-State actors
Prabhakaran Paleri
Tweet
Under fire There's no security against terror threats PTi
Behind every act of terror are insiders and sympathisers who facilitate the act. They must be tackled head on
If the security failure of 26/11 established anything, it was that the idea of ‘non-State actors’ is a fallacy. Behind every act of terror, there will be one or more States.
Slamming Pakistani State actors in Guwahati, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said he would not allow any terror outfit to gain a foothold in India. But there are enough sympathisers and interested parties who can get them in for a pittance.
Six years later, the horrors of 26/11 still remain chilling. How could a State actor perpetrate such a heinous crime when it should be protecting lives? How could a country like India allow this to happen when, I am sure, the government had been aware of the possibility at least two years earlier?
Underestimating the threat
I once faced the heat from a young Mumbai girl at the Indic Society in Houston University. She had experienced the horror and felt I had taken it lightly in my address.
She was right. I was underplaying the incident because I didn’t want to terrify the audience. “Such things happen, however careful the government is,” I said. But they should not, I know that. But the government has not learnt this..
If there has been no repeat of the incident, it is only because the perpetrators have decided to do it differently next time. They achieved what they wanted. They caused confusion among the security agencies; they made the government bleed by spending money on frivolous security arrangements like coastal radars and so on. The radar cannot identify a potential foe drifting across the sea. I understand the government did not permit the radar on the outermost maritime vantage point of India in the east, Narcondam Island, to prevent damage to the environment.
A tiny remote controlled radar on an existing lighthouse cannot damage the environment. Carry out a study around the world and see how many countries have established coastal radars for security considerations. Even a country that makes it does not use it. Instead, they sell it to the Third World. Fortunately, our radars are indigenous. If nothing, they will add value to technology. Corruption over procurement too will be a tad less.
Are there not better ways to prevent illegal entry into our maritime zones? Forget the navy; it is meant for war. Or has the government made it a coast guard? What about law enforcement agencies such as the original coast guard and the marine police? I understand they had been carrying out an exercise under the navy (why?) for days to prevent illegal entry by sea only to relax on D-day.
A lone patrol boat of the coast guard was all that had been policing the sea off Mumbai. It was located by the fishing boat Kuber piloted by its skipper Amarsinh Solanki who had had a stint in a Pakistani jail while the training of the Ajmal Kasab team by the State actors was in progress there. Kuber waited for the coast guard to move out before the team landed. The coast guard could not identify the boat. And we expect to identify the desperate backpacker with the radar arrays sitting ashore! How primitive is our thinking?
Strategic abuse
Was Solanki indoctrinated, seduced or coerced before being released from the Pakistani jail? A fishing boat of the size of Kuber cannot reach Mumbai from the Indo-Pak border unless piloted by a person who knows the waters and is loaded with extra fuel and logistics for the long passage. It was from Gujarat. Do we have a system to check the indoctrination of fishermen by the Pakistanis who used to load them with gifts upon their release?
The fallacy of non-State actors is strategic abuse; the resulting prescriptions for action are only lines drawn in water. Hence, to address the challenges posed by such actors, it is important for governments to take on these States and agencies on strategic terms, nationally and internationally. Besides, the accountability of security agencies should be established professionally.
The writer is a former director-general of the Indian Coast Guard
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

BMW to Hike India Prices by up to 5%You are here: Home Corporates
BMW to Hike India Prices by up to 5% From January
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 13, 2014 21:01 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
New Delhi: German luxury carmaker BMW on Friday said it will raise product prices in India by up to 5 per cent with effect from first week of next month.
All the products of the company's BMW models, including the Mini range, will become costlier due to price hike.
"We want to maintain sustainable leadership in the Indian market with a strong brand and an exceptional model range with unbeatable product substance. With the price increase, BMW Group will maintain its premium positioning in the Indian luxury car segment," BMW Group India president Philipp von Sahr said in a statement.
The success of BMW Group India has always been built on long-term thinking and responsible action, he added.
At present, BMW sells a range of vehicles in India, including sedans of the 1, 3, 5, 6 and 7 Series, along with SUVs X1, X3, X5 and sports car M Series, which are priced between Rs 22.65 lakh and Rs 1.86 crore.
The company's luxury compact car - the Mini series, is currently available between Rs 26.55 lakh and Rs 35.20 lakh.
Earlier this week, General Motors India had announced the decision to hike prices of its entire product portfolio by up to Rs 20,000 from January in order to partially offset rising input costs.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 20:53 (IST)

Bayer fails to block cheap Indian drugBayer loses bid to block cheap version of cancer drug in India
Andrew Ward in London and Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/36a2d942-8202-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modernisation is the challenge for GreeceModernisation remains the big challenge for Greece
Tony Barber
The country must leave clientelism and corruption behind if it is ever to prosper, says Tony Barber
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/283e089c-807f-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Make for India  dont ape China: RBI GovernorAn import substitution strategy via tariff barriers may not work, cautions Rajan
New Delhi, December 12:  
What worked for China may not necessarily work for India. This seemed to be RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan’s advice to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his ‘Make in India’ push.
When India pushes manufacturing exports, it will have to compete with China, and an export-led growth will not be as easy as it was for the East-Asian economies, Rajan said, adding that it may not be proper to regard ‘Make in India’ as a strategy of import substitution through tariff barriers. Rajan was addressing the Bharat Ram Memorial Seminar on ‘India’s Growth Trajectory in a Fractured World Economy: Opportunities and Challenges’, organised by FICCI here on Friday. “This strategy (import substitution) has been tried and it has not worked because it ended up reducing domestic competition, making producers inefficient, and increasing costs for consumers,” Rajan said.
Domestic demand
Stressing on ‘Make for India’, Rajan said the country should focus on domestic demand and create a unified market with a view to reducing transaction costs. “If external demand growth is likely to be muted, we have to produce for the internal market. This means we have to work on creating the strongest sustainable unified market we can, which requires a reduction in the transaction costs of buying and selling throughout the country,” he said. He also cautioned against picking a particular sector, such as manufacturing, for encouragement, simply because it had worked well for China. “India is different, and developing at a different time, and we should be agnostic about what will work,” he stressed.
Apart from improving physical transportation network, he said, “A well-designed GST Bill, by reducing state border taxes, will have the important consequence of creating a truly national market for goods and services.”
Also read p4
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Rabi sowing tardy as crops  coverage slipsRabi sowing tardy as crops' coverage slips
Our Bureau
Dipping water level in key reservoirs, scanty monsoon drag the area covered
New Delhi, December 12:  
Rabi sowing continues to be a cause for concern with area under most crops being lower compared with the corresponding period a year ago.
Prospects for a late pick-up look tough with the storage level in the major 85 reservoirs dropping to lower than the last 10 year’s average and the North-East Monsoon being deficient.
Wheat acreage down
Data from the Ministry of Agriculture on Friday showed that overall coverage of crops is also lower at 470.44 lakh hectares (lh) against 503.66 lh.
The area under wheat is down to 241.91 lh against 251.32 lh a year ago. Poor soil moisture, owing to 12 per cent deficient South-East Monsoon during June-September and late start to the cane crushing season in Uttar Pradesh resulting in sugarcane harvest being delayed have affected wheat coverage.
In Uttar Pradesh, sugar mills began crushing late demanding that the State Government cane price be linked to sugar rates as suggested by the C Rangarajan Committee.
Pulses & Cereals
Coverage of coarse cereals is down at 46.22 lh against 50.62 lh, while chana, the main rabi pulses crop, is also seeing a drop in area.
It is down by over 14 lh, despite prices showing a tendency to rise over the last couple of weeks.
Overall pulses coverage too is lower by some 13 lh, a trend that was witnessed during kharif crop too since growers shifted to cash crops such as cotton.
Sowing in oilseeds is also down by some six lakh hectares with mustard/rapeseed being the worst hit. Lack of interest among farmers in view of a global glut in vegetable oils could be the reason for a lower acreage.
The problem for the Government could stem from a lower rabi harvest on top of kharif production falling by nearly 10 million tonnes to 120.27 million tonnes.
Monsoon woes
The trouble for the Centre is 35 per cent deficiency in the North-East monsoon.
Some of the crucial parts of the country such as Andhra Pradesh, northern Karnataka, central Maharashtra that depend on this monsoon, which begins from October 1, have received 50 per cent deficient rainfall. Other parts of the country, mainly the wheat growing regions in the North have received scanty rainfall. Reservoir levels, too, aren’t encouraging as they are lower at 97.419 billion cubic metres (BCM) or 63 per cent of the 155.046 BCM capacity. Last year, the level was 75 per cent of the capacity and the last 10 years average is 64 per cent of 99.901 BCM.
The storage level and North-East Monsoon count since a majority of the crops is rain-fed.
Historically, kharif crop contributes to 60 per cent of the country’s annual foodgrain production. However, in the last few years rabi crops have been making up a lot for any failure in the kharif crop.
Lower farm production could affect the Government’s plan to rein in fiscal deficit and inflation. Already, prices of pulses are rising due to lower kharif production and fears of rabi output also being hit.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Burned Mississippi TeenMystery Deepens in Case of Burned Mississippi Teen Jessica Chambers as Police Call for Witnesses
Dec 11, 2014, 1:20 PM ET
This undated photograph released by the families of Jessica Chambers and her sister Amanda Prince shows Jessica Chambers in Courtland, Miss.
AP
Share
Copy
Officials say that they are struggling to find the person responsible for attacking 19-year-old Jessica Chambers, who was burned to death in rural Mississippi, because there is not a lot of “street talk” about the case.
"We're at the point where we are talking to people right now and there are a lot of people we are talking to," Panola County District Attorney John Champion said at a news conference this afternoon.
"There’s just not a lot of street talk out there about who may or may not have done this," he said.
Chambers was found barely alive with 98 percent of her body covered in burns Saturday night around 9 p.m. and police say they are are trying to piece together her final hours. Shortly after being airlifted to a nearby hospital, she died.
AP
PHOTO: A gas station and convenience store where, according to surveillance video, Jessica Chambers visited before she was found severely burned along the side of a Mississippi road, Dec. 10, 2014, in Courtland, Miss.
County Sheriff Dennis Darby said today that many of the details are still being worked out by the crime lab, including the question of whether an accelerant was used to start the fire.
“We're definitely treating this as an arson. We're trying to determine through lab results what kind of arson,” Champion said.
They added that they have been able to determine that the attacker likely got in the car with her, although they still do not have an official suspect or person of interest.
“My heart goes out to the family,” Sheriff Darby said at today’s news conference. “It’s personal because I know them personally and I have two daughters of my own.”
Police are still digging through her phone records and witness statements, Panola County Assistant District Attorney Jay Hale told WAPT.
"We're still looking into certain individuals," Hale told the station. "We've talked to numerous individuals who could potentially become suspects."
The footage from the gas station-convenience store in Courtland, Mississippi, shows Chambers stopping for gas at around 6:30 p.m., about 90 minutes before she was found severely burned.
The video shows her going toward the gas pump but then turning, waving to say hello to someone and walking out of the frame.
Officials: No Arrests Yet in Case of Burned Woman
Gas station attendant Ali Fadhel told The Associated Press he knew Chambers because she stopped in regularly for $5 worth of gas. When she filled up Saturday, however, she purchased $14 of fuel, he said.
"I asked her, 'Why are you putting so much gas?' She said, 'I'm going somewhere,'" Fadhel told the AP, adding that that he thought she seemed fine.
"If she knew she had a problem with somebody, she would have told me," Fadhel added.
AP
PHOTO: Yellow crime scene tape marks the location where 19-year-old Jessica Chambers was found severely burned, Dec. 10, 2014 in Courtland, Miss.
ABC affiliate WAPT-TV in Jackson reported that investigators believe she may have been headed to a party, but no further details about the party have been released.
Her father, Ben Chambers, described the scene that unfolded when she was found by first responders.
"When the fire department got there, she was walking down the road on fire," her father, Ben Chambers, told station WTOC -TV in Savannah, Georgia. "Only part of her body that wasn't burned was the bottom of her feet."
Her father also told the station that she told emergency responders the identity of her attacker, but the district attorney investigating the case has not said anything about suspects.
"She was able to communicate but it was difficult," county ADA Hale told The Associated Press.
Join the Discussion

Mix the News: The Protest PlaylistBy Helena Andrews December 12, 2014 Follow @helena_andrews
Early on Saturday morning, busses filled with protesters from from North Carolina to New Jersey will roll into Washington. They’ll be here for the “Justice for All” march against police brutality organized by the Rev. Al Sharpton’s National Action Network.
The march was announced the day after a Staten Island grand jury declined to indict an NYPD police officer in the death of Eric Garner. “It is time for a national march to deal with a national crisis,” said Sharpton at a news conference last week .
The mood at that presser was raw and challenging, fiery and direct, the same adjectives Mark Andersen, co-founder of local punk activist collective, Positive Force DC , used to describe this week’s playlist of protest songs.
1. “The Bourgeois Blues” — Lead Belly 
“Inspired by ugly incidents during a 1930s visit to segregated Washington D.C., this song is a riveting attack on racism and classism. Sadly, it finds renewed relevance amid D.C.’s seemingly ever-rising rents and consequent on-going dislocation of the poor from their historic neighborhoods throughout the city.”
2. “Old and in the Way” — Hazel Dickens
“Hazel Dickens stands at a unique intersection of bluegrass, country, folk and feminism. The purveyor of ‘Hard-Hitting Songs For Hard-Hit People’ a la Woody Guthrie, Dickens rails here against the isolation and disposability of our elders in a money-mad America.”
3. “Step by Step” — Sweet Honey In the Rock
“The hopeful determined heartbeat of 1963’s landmark March on Washington pulses through this song. That protest’s call for ‘jobs and freedom’ comes to life beautifully in this rendition of a Pete Seeger labor anthem.”
4. “Winter In America” — Gil Scott-Heron
“A protest song about the absence of protest, this elegiac anthem is one of Gil Scott-Heron’s finest moments. Post-60s anguish bleeds from this song, reminding us of our collective—and continuing–failure to live out our nation’s highest ideals.”
5. “Lucky Thirteen” — Ignition 
“Inspired by the heartrending juxtaposition of the homeless living and dying next to gleaming monuments, this slice of D.C. post-hardcore rides on a crushing, sledgehammer groove. Presenting an in-your-face chorus, the song leaves us to ask: ‘Have to wonder why the cost of living’s so high/when the price of life is so cheap?’”
6. “Girl Soldier” — Bikini Kill
“This raw dispatch embodies the desperate, defiant spirit of the punk-feminist Riot Grrrl movement that rose in the early ‘90s in Washington D.C. and Washington state.”
7. “Five Corporations” — Fugazi
“While the dominance of major labels is waning, Fugazi’s warning about growing corporate control, with subsequent loss of democracy and homogenization of culture could hardly be more relevant in the post-Citizens United world.”
8. “Ningun Ser Humano Es Ilegal/No Human Being Is Illegal” — Lilo Gonzales
“This bubbling cumbia track chronicles Lilo Gonzales’ own journey from war-torn, impoverished El Salvador to the streets of Mt. Pleasant, D.C. in the 1980s.”
9. “Culture of Fear” — Thievery Corporation
“Thievery Corporation–aided by rap artist Mr. Lif–takes aim at post-9/11 paranoia. Effectively evoking and critiquing the ugly undercurrent of this moment, haunted not only by terrorist actions but the extraordinary government surveillance exposed by Edward Snowden, this is paranoia you can dance to, albeit with gritted teeth.”
10. “Architects Sleep” — The Evens
“Ian MacKaye and Amy Farina’s biting assault on the irresponsibility and brutality of our leaders cuts deep, decrying our drone-era slide towards endless war.”
11. “Save Our People” — Head Roc, feat. Ne’a Posey
“Reminiscent of Curtis Mayfield 60s-era soul anthems in all the best ways, Head Roc’s dissection of racism, police violence and economic inequality of 21st century America rings true. Ne’a Posey’s lyrical singing adds bittersweet beauty to this otherwise stinging indictment.”
12. “The Feast and the Famine” — Foo Fighters
“Although Dave Grohl’s lyrics here come largely from interviews with movers and shakers in D.C.’s 1980s punk and go-go scenes, the roar of guitar and voice combine to galvanizing effect, suggesting just how far we still have to go to heal historic wounds, to bridge the chasm between the idealism of our country and its reality.”
Warning: Some songs contain explicit lyrics.
Read more Reliable Source: 

The Budget Deal: This Is Who They Arereddit
The first signs of the November election returns are apparent in the $1 trillion spending bill that the House of Representatives passed last night in Washington.
This spending bill was forged with resurgent Republicans on their best behavior.  They are still a minority in the Senate in the lame-duck session.  Their leaders exercised adult supervision over the wingnuts, rejecting calls for a government shutdown over immigration because Obama.  They largely adhered to the budget deal cut last year on spending limits, and agreed to fund the government for the remainder of the fiscal year through next October (with the exception of Homeland Security because Obama), putting off real changes until they assume the majority in the new Congress next year.
But good behavior and adult supervision didn't stop them from adding revealing signature riders and last-minute deals. Consider these the early slush of the coming Republican winter, the first returns on investment for their donors. Tucked into the 1,603-page bill to fund the government -- that no legislator will read  -- are cankerous riders, foreshadowing what is to come.  They couldn't help themselves; this is who they are.
Some of these -- like the Wall Street giveaway and the big money reforms -- received national attention, as Senator Elizabeth Warren and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi led a rear guard action against the fix -- taking on not only Republicans but the White House in the process.  Some have slipped through with little notice.  But a snapshot reveals just how the rules get rigged to benefit the few.
The spending bill includes measures that:
Open more gambling tables on Wall Street. In a provision written by Citibank lobbyists, the bill would rollback part of the Dodd-Frank financial regulations, giving banks the ability to use taxpayer guaranteed deposits to gamble on derivatives, the exotic instruments central to the Wall Street wilding the blew up the economy.  Sen. Warren was right to blow the whistle on this.  The big banks once more get to play you as the sap: they can gamble with other people's money and pocket any winnings, knowing that you, dear taxpayers, guarantee to cover their losses.  The big banks get a big return on their investment in Republican legislators in the last election.
Expand Big Money in politics.  The measure, slipped into the bill with no hearings or public debate, increases the amount the rich can give to party committees tenfold (to $3.1 million a couple per election cycle). This increases the clout of the super-rich and dims somewhat the influence of the only very rich. Not much of a difference, but, hey, it's the principle of the thing.
Embolden tax cheaters. The bill will cut IRS funding by $345.6 million, reducing it below its level in 2008. This perversely cuts the ability of the IRS to collect the taxes that are owed, bringing needed revenue to the government.  It is a green light to tax cheats.  Republicans will wait until next year to try to cut taxes on the rich and corporations.  So this year they settled for making it easier to cheat by weakening the cop of the tax beat.
Abet the poisoning our air, water and land. The bill will cut funding for the Environmental Protection Agency for the fifth straight year , leaving down by more than 20 percent since 2010.   EPA staffing is now down to where it was in 1989 when climate change meant summer was turning to fall.  It limits funding for research into renewable energy while adding resources to accelerate on and offshore oil and gas development.  And it prohibits the administration from levying sensible fees on domestic oil and gas producers.  The Koch brothers collect the first returns on their investment.
Cut promised income for current retirees. In a measure likely to be a very big deal in retrospect, for the first time, the bill authorizes breaking the promise to those already retired, allowing cuts in pension benefits for those in multi-employer pension plans.  Some of the plans look to be going broke.  Instead of guaranteeing the benefits to those already retired -- who have no way of making up lost income -- the bill will allow harsh cuts in benefits, protecting retirees only over the age of 80. This sets a chilling precedent for Social Security and other contractual retirement promises.  The Congress will bail out the banks when their excesses blow up the economy, but they won't protect retirees who are casualties of that debacle.
Give the military more money and help the vulnerable less The Pentagon gets $575 billion from this spending bill (including $64 billion for operations overseas); all other programs get $492  billion.  We'll continue to throw money at fancy jets the Pentagon doesn't want, while  starving investments in vulnerable kids we can't do without.
Calling it the worst of "government for the rich and powerful," Senator Elizabeth Warren led a revolt against the Wall Street deal, to the dismay of legislators desperate to pass it and get out of town.  Those defending the deal argue simply that if you don't pass this, what comes next will be worse. The House passed the bill, with Pelosi marshaling the vast majority of Democrats against.  The Senate has two days to vote, with a government shutdown threatened if it doesn't pass. The Campaign for America's Future and other groups are calling for Senators to vote no.
This bipartisan behemoth is an augury of what is come.  This budget was largely negotiated before the elections.  Republicans chose to be on their best behavior in the lame-duck session.  But even then, they left their mark.  They can't help it.  This is who they are.
Follow Robert L. Borosage on Twitter: www.twitter.com/borosage
More:

Factory output contracts 4.2% in Oct on lower manufacturing activityFactory output contracts 4.2% in Oct on lower manufacturing activity
Our Bureau
Retail inflation slides further in November, to 4.4%
New Delhi, December 12:  
Factory output contracted 4.2 per cent in October year-on-year as manufacturing activity saw a steep decline.
According to Government data for the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), the manufacturing sector index fell 7.6 per cent. Manufacturing accounts for over 75 per cent in the IIP.
However, there was some good news as Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation cooled to 4.4 per cent in November from 5.52 per cent in October because of easing food prices.
But, economists do not see the RBI going in for any policy rate cut for now despite the cooling of retail inflation.
The data for IIP comes with a lag of one month. Mining, which has 14.6 per cent weight in the IIP, grew at 5.2 per cent in October, while electricity grew at 13.3 per cent. Electricity accounts for 10.32 per cent in the IIP.
“The fall in manufacturing growth in October is disturbing, more so because it is broad based and not limited to a few sectors.
“It not only reflects a slowdown in investments but also the deep-rooted slackness in consumer demand, which requires bringing down interest rates urgently,” said Sidharth Birla, President, Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry. The IIP for the April-October period grew at 1.9 per cent, led by 10.7 per cent growth in electricity, followed by 2.4 per cent growth in mining and 0.7 per cent in manufacturing.
Going by use-based classification, the basic goods index grew 5.8 per cent in October, while capital goods and intermediate goods fell 2.3 per cent and 3.1 per cent, respectively.
Consumer durables contracted 35.2 per cent in October over the same month last year while consumer non-durables fell by 4.3 per cent.
The CPI-based inflation for November cooled thanks mainly to falling food inflation, which came down to 3.1 per cent in November as against 5.59 per cent in the previous month.
Rural inflation for November came in at 4.09 per cent, down from 5.52 per cent in the previous month, while urban inflation stood at 4.69 per cent, against 5.55 per cent in October.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Coal Bill cleared through voice vote in Lok SabhaCoal Bill cleared through voice vote in Lok Sabha
Our Bureau
Crucial session Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Minister of Coal and Power Piyush Goyal during the Winter Session of Parliament. PTI
Opposition parties unhappy; wanted Bill referred to Standing Committee
New Delhi, December 12:  
The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, 2014, meant to bring transparency in coal-block allocations, was passed by the Lok Sabha on Friday, despite demands from some Opposition parties to refer it to a Parliamentary Standing Committee.
Soon after the Bill was passed in the lower house, the Coal Ministry notified the rules for auction and allocation of coal blocks.
Allaying the concerns of the Opposition, Piyush Goyal, Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Power, Coal, and New and Renewable Energy, said that the legislation is not paving the way for privatisation of the coal sector. “We are in fact strengthening the public-sector undertaking Coal India Ltd,” he said.
On the concerns about workers’ welfare, Goyal said there were laws in place to protect their interest.
The Bill seeks to replace the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance.
It was introduced with some new provisions and changes on December 10 in the Lok Sabha. One of the significant additions to the original Ordinance was the provision to protect Government officials from future litigation.
New section
A new section inserted in the Bill states that no suit, prosecution or other legal proceeding can be initiated against Government officials acting in ‘good faith’.
The other change from the ordinance includes a watertight definition for Government companies seeking allocation of coal blocks.
The new definition says that a private sector entity cannot own more than 26 per cent stake in public-private joint ventures in the case of coal-block allocations.
However, if there is more than one private entity in the venture then the entire private sector stake must not exceed 49 per cent.
‘Unresolved’ issues
During the discussions, the Opposition parties flayed the Narendra Modi Government for ‘unresolved’ issues, such as land acquisition and workers’ welfare in the Coal Bill while admitting the need for reforms in the sector to boost production.
The need for legislation arose after the Supreme Court cancelled the allocation of 204 coal blocks.
Initiating the debate, Congress member Jyotiraditya Scindia said while land and environmental issues remained unresolved, there was also no clarity on how many blocks and which ones would be put up for auction.
Scindia also questioned the need for changes in the Coal Nationalisation Act and the Mines and Minerals Act, which he said were not required to proceed with the re-allocation of coal blocks. “The proposed amendments are not required to auction the 74 coal blocks ... This Bill must be sent to the Standing Committee,” he said.
Trinamool Congress member Kalyan Banerjee, who headed the earlier Standing Committee on Coal, said the Government seemed more interested in FDI, adding that no industry chamber in the mine-producing States was consulted for such an important legislation.
Demanding that the Bill be sent to the Standing Committee, he said coal mines were “properties of the States. You (Centre) are not making any charity but making money by extracting from the State governments and trying to show that you are benevolent.”
Biju Janata Dal’s Tathagata Satpathy and CPI(M) member Jitendra Chowdhury also wanted the Bill to be sent to the Standing Committee and opposed any move to de-nationalise the coal sector.
Terming the Bill as a ‘band-aid’ rather than a long-term solution, Satapathy said natural resources belong to the nation and the Government should not leave any ambiguity in defining end-use.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Maharashtra orders probe into charges against Ajit PawarMaharashtra orders probe into charges against Ajit Pawar
OUR BUREAU
PTI NCP leader Ajit Pawar outside outside the Maharashtra Assembly in Nagpur on Friday
3 former ministers will also be investigated
December 12, 2014:  
The Chief Minister of Maharashtra has asked the State Anti Corruption Bureau to start an inquiry against former Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar and other former ministers such as Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal, in cases relating to Irrigation and other scams in Maharashtra.
The trio are senior members in Sharad Pawar led Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). During the recent Assembly elections, the party had lost to BJP and Shiv Sena over the issues of corruption. However, until recently NCP was providing tacit support to BJP Government in Maharashtra Assembly.
The order asking for a probe was not made public by the either by the Chief Minister’s Office or the Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB). It was revealed on Friday during the course of arguments in the Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court.
According to a PTI report Advocate General of Maharashtra, Sunil Manohar told the bench that he has been authorised by Chief Minister to state that open inquiries by ACB should initiated against Ajit Pawar, Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal.
The bench comprising of Justices Bhushan Gavai and V M Deshpande recorded his statement while disposing a Public Interest Litigation, which has sought an investigation into the scams.
The ACB has been asked to institute inquires against Pawar and Tatkare in connection with alleged irregularities in execution of various irrigation projects during their tenure as Water Resource Ministers of the State.
The ACB has also been ask to inquiry into allegations of corruption and favouritism against former Public Works Department Minister Chhagan Bhujbal in construction of Maharashtra Sadan in New Delhi and two other government buildings in Mumbai built under private public partnership model.
Irrigation department officials and contractors responsible for alleged irregularities are also in the crosshair of the ACB.
Reacting to the probe orders Ajit Pawar told media persons that the matter is in the courts and let the court decide its fate. He said that since BJP is in power, they can take any decision as they deem fit
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Taylor Swift was born to be richTaylor Swift through the years
View Photos
Despite a move from country to pop, Swift has managed to keep growing her fanbase — and trophy shelf.
Caption
Despite a move from country to pop, Swift has managed to keep growing her fanbase — and trophy shelf.
Swift accepts the award for breakthrough video of the year for the song "Tim McGraw" onstage at the 2007 CMT Music Awards at the Curb Event Center at Belmont University in Nashville. Peter Kramer/Getty Images
Wait 1 second to continue.
 
Susan Miller is the founder of the Web site Astrology Zone . She prepared this astrology chart for Taylor Swift in anticipation of Swift’s 25th birthday on Dec. 13.
Note from the author: Astrologers need a precise time of birth to set up a natal chart. That information was not available by press time, so I used a solar chart, which is considered correct and valuable in gleaning personality gifts and coming trends. We all have two charts – a custom natal chart and a sun-sign chart, and integrating both is ideal. For Taylor’s birthday I will only have a solar chart to work with, but it has revealed quite a bit.
On Dec. 13, America’s sweetheart, Taylor Swift, will be 25 years old. Clearly, she’s established more in a few years than most people do in a lifetime. Her chart surprised me — her business smarts are simply remarkable. The world already knows that she writes most of her own music and that her talent as a composer, singer and entertainer has catapulted her to the top of the charts. She has earned more awards than she has room to display. Yet behind her beautiful face is a smart, savvy businesswoman with her own opinions and on-target instincts.
When Taylor announced that she would take her music off Spotify, some observers lauded her decision and pronounced it brave. Her reasoning was simple: Artists deserve to be paid for their work. She has presumably surrounded herself with savvy business handlers, so one might assume that they made this brave decision for her. Not so. Her chart shows that the decision was likely Taylor’s, too, and that she will always be very involved in the financial aspects of her career. At a young age, she is gaining priceless business experience that will always get her a seat at the bargaining table.
I expected to see planets in highly artistic signs, such as Pisces or Leo. What I found so surprising is that almost every part of her chart points to her remarkable business savvy. She was born a Sagittarian — not a sign known for a particular interest in money — but she has four natal planets in the big-money sign of Capricorn. This is considered the most ambitious sign, associated with the leadership of behemoth multinational corporations. All four planets, including Uranus (surprise and often genius), Mercury (news and communication), Neptune (imagination, creativity, with special emphasis on music) and Saturn (self-discipline, caution and frugality) are crowded in Capricorn in her second house of earned income. (A horoscope has 12 houses. Imagine a pizza pie cut into 12 slices – those four planets are found in one of those slices, representative of the “house” associated with earned income.)
Swift performs in Los Angeles. (Jason Merritt/Getty Images for iHeartMedia)
Across the skies, 180 degrees away from that second house of earned income, is found the eighth house of other people’s money, covering such things as commissions, royalties, venture capital and so forth. In that house she has Jupiter (generosity, good fortune) and the moon (emotions and memories), both in Cancer. Jupiter’s presence alone shows that it is highly unlikely Taylor will ever be poor — she was born under an incredibly lucky star for wealth.
Taylor’s moon appears to be conjunct (or very close to) lucky Jupiter in this financial house. The moon in a natal chart reveals how the public perceives her. The moon is feminine, indicating the the fans who would buy her music would be mainly young girls and women. Jupiter rules happiness, so it appears the public will always have a favorable view of Taylor, who has been careful to keep her image clean and chic, displaying a lovable, honest quality to her character that is found on the opposite end of the spectrum occupied by Miley Cyrus and Kim Kardashian. One’s natal chart does not change, so Taylor’s role as America’s sweetheart will likely continue and endear her to mothers of tweens, at least during Taylor’s young years.
Her moon in Cancer is very tender, sentimental and romantic, the reason she uses her experiences in love for the lyrics of her music. Cancer (and Pisces) have a high degree of emotional intelligence, and are capable of greater sensitivity than most any other signs.
Taylor’s Sagittarius sun sign shows she adores the part of her job that requires international travel. This is the one characteristic of Sagittarius that appears to be universal. She will never tire of that! Sagittarius is called the “bachelor sign,” not given to commitment early in life.
Transiting Uranus, planet of surprise, has been visiting Taylor’s fifth house of love since March 2011 and will stay until March 2019. The place Uranus is found shows where we go for experiences in life. She works so hard, so it’s not surprising she needs fun and a little adventure. With Uranus in her love sector, it seems that Taylor views love as the main source for her most thrilling experiences, but as we have seen, she has often received more than she bargained for in this department.
Uranus acts a bit like a volcano – exciting, yes, but impossible to control, and highly unstable. One minute she may have assumed she had found The One, only to see another side to her sweetheart a few weeks later, one that gives her uncomfortable and disappointing pause. The only way to handle Uranus in the house of love, which Taylor has, is to let a relationship grow very slowly. (This will keep the relationship stable and solid. She should make an effort to meet her sweetheart’s circle of friends and to see him through good times and bad. Take your time, dear Taylor — if love is real, love will wait. She will find true love, but in 2015, it’s just not a top priority.
If you assume that Taylor Swift has reached her prime, think again. She is just cranking up — wait and see! The year ahead will be one of her biggest ever, and because she has those four natal planets in Capricorn in her earned income house, and two in Cancer in her solar house of other people’s money, Jupiter’s 2015 transit in her house of fame will be sending shimmering beams to all six financial planets.
As we can see, extensive travel, money and career success will preoccupy Taylor’s thinking in 2015. Love will not be a major priority for her, and will not be until she gets to the last quarter of 2016 and beyond. It is very hard to keep a relationship going while she tours the world.
Happy birthday, Taylor. You have so much to celebrate, and so much to look forward to doing. The coming year will be a landmark year, one you will never forget!
Susan Miller, founder of Astrology Zone , is an internationally known astrologer, columnist and author of nine books, including “Planets and Possibilities.” She is a monthly contributing editor to eight international magazines, including Elle.
 

The world still needs its dictionaries  but how we define them is changing0
"That's a lot of traffic that keeps us going," says Sokolowski, a lexicographer who has worked at Merriam-Webster for more than 20 years. "Print is still alive and well, and there's no sense that print dictionaries are going to disappear. The thing is they are a much smaller part of the pie for us."
In the recent past, new editions of large dictionaries like Merriam-Webster's Unabridged were published infrequently (the second edition appeared in 1936, the third in 1961) with copyright updates or revised versions printed every five or six years. New editions of college dictionaries were usually published about every 10 years, with copyright updates appearing every year or two. A new edition of a dictionary is the product of a full revision during which every definition is reconsidered, outdated information revised or deleted and new words and new senses added. A copyright update has more modest ambitions, adding, in a college dictionary for example, roughly a few hundred new entries.
But the concept of publishing editions is disappearing, said Judy Pearsall, editorial director, Global Academic Dictionaries, at Oxford University Press. The Oxford English Dictionary uploads new words and revised entries to its website, OxfordDictionaries.com, every three months. These periodic uploads are called "releases," rather than "editions."
"The idea of an edition is something fixed, but this is less applicable to the digital world and our editorial workflow, which is about constantly updating based on our latest research," she said. "We make changes all the time, week to week. Just like language, so our dictionary is a living, breathing thing, changing and developing all the time in response to usage and user needs."
From the reader's perspective, you can't put data releases side by side on a shelf. And although Pearsall said Oxford takes "snapshots" of dictionary data every year, this information — thus far — is not available to the public. Merriam-Webster's Sokolowski said that its version of its unabridged dictionary will be a "large, organic, but also not fixed, data set that will be the great American dictionary, the large American dictionary."
And so, we live in the continuous present of constant revision: Whether we will be able to access the evolving history of the dictionary, reflecting cultural changes and editorial judgments is an open question.
At the same time, online dictionaries are offering new information about how people use them. Sokolowski reports on Twitter about which words are trending on Merriam-Webster's website.
"I know what you're looking up," Sokolowski said. "We're eavesdropping effectively on the national conversation in a way that's very particular because the intersection of vocabulary and the news is one that's unpredictable. I don't know which word will be picked up. I mean, who would have guessed that the most looked-up word connected to Michael Jackson's death would be the word 'emaciated?'"
A dictionary is the work of many hands, a cooperative human project that requires scores of individuals poring over words, researching their history and writing definitions. It is a candle lit against the darkness of ignorance, a forceful statement that our language matters, and an inclusive register of how our speech has changed.
"Every new achievement has its antecedents, its foundation," said David Guralnik, a lexicographer who died in 2000, in a lecture at Cleveland's Rowfant Club in 1951. He was discussing Webster's New World Dictionary — which in its day sought to revolutionize the traditional dictionary by offering clear, precise and self-explanatory definitions "in a 20th century American style and from an American point of view." His New World Dictionary had "in its background the lexicographical labors of all those who have toiled in the bottomless, teeming ocean of English linguistics, from the forerunners of Dr. Johnson through Baltimore's own H.L. Mencken."
And one could say the same thing about every dictionary. The databases of the digital age are living off the fat of the land, the accumulated definitions written by the now dead and discarded lexicographers, the expert definition writers. The question now is will the dictionaries of the future match the high standards of the recent past and, if not, will anyone care? Will dictionary website subscriptions and licensing generate enough revenue to support the publishers who produce them?

Stephen Hawkings gravitational pull© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a123ddcc-807f-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Are all-female panels the new normal© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0bafc6ae-7ff6-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Royal audience at court of King JamesA royal audience at the court of ‘King’ James
Gary Silverman
On tour in New York the British Duke and Duchess of Cambridge met American ‘royalty’
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/62657a5a-807f-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Middle-class sexism - who cares© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b05d1bc-7ff6-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hearst pays $2bn to boost stake in FitchHearst pays $2bn to boost stake in Fitch
Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bafbe5e-8227-11e4-ace7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kering and Gucci: Pinault noir© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/14d784c2-8214-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mr. Walton Goes to Washingtonreddit
When retail workers want something, they ask their employers, get denied, get bullied and sometimes fired. Sometimes, they take to the streets, as they have for the last three years on Black Friday. By contrast, when retailers want something, they scurry to the halls of Congress, where they purchase influence with their exorbitant profits.
The largest big-box retailers have spent a total of $111 million since the 2000 election cycle on lobbying and campaign contributions. During the 2014 election cycle, big-box retailers spent $30 million on federal campaign contributions and lobbying, which is almost six times what they spent in 2000 (after an inflation adjustment).
Wal-Mart in particular is known for its status as a corporate-welfare queen; one study estimates  that one 300-person Supercenter costs taxpayers $904,542 to $1,744,590. Another  estimates  that Wal-Mart and the Walton family pull in $7.8 billion a year in tax breaks and subsidies. Meanwhile, a brand-new  report  from Americans for Tax Fairness finds that Wal-Mart also avoids taxes on more than $21 billion in offshore profits. In its most recent annual  report , Wal-Mart openly  admits  that changes to government food stamp programs may hurt its financial performance. Hundreds of thousands of Wal-Mart workers  make near-poverty  wages.
Wal-Mart certainly benefits from other favorable government actions. Changes to labor laws allow it to  abuse worker schedules , although sometimes it ignores them completely and just refuses to  pay workers , flat out. Since Wal-Mart is a serial polluter, lax environmental standards are beneficial. It's also very concerned about taxes, trade and intellectual property. To advance these interests, Wal-Mart spent $2.4 million on campaign donations and $12.5 million in lobbying in 2014 alone.
As the data below show, the last four election cycles have seen an explosion of big-box money in politics.
Of all spenders, Wal-Mart was by far the largest, followed by Home Depot. Both companies are considered "heavy hitters" by the Center for Responsive Politics, meaning they are among the top 100 political donors over the period for which data is available.
Even still, these numbers vastly understate political spending. For one, there is not yet a comprehensive database on state and local political spending. Further, many of these retailers are members of 501(c)6 groups like the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) and the Chamber of Commerce; money paid to these groups is not reported. Also unreported are donations to 501(c)3 groups. As Demos has  noted before , there is a clear need for stronger disclosure requirements, so that the full political influence of companies can be made available to the public. What we do know tells us that Republicans live up to their reputation as the "party of big business" and pull in more than $2 from retail for every $1 that goes to Democrats. With the exception of Costco, every big-box retailer heavily favors Republicans.
Numerous studies find that this money buys influence. Retailers  lobby  on a variety of issues, including tax policy, labor issues and the terms of international trade. A vast literature  shows  that these efforts produce returns, often at the expense of other democratic interests. In a comprehensive  study  of such conflicts, researchers found that business interests prevailed in 9 out of 11 issues in which businesses and labor were opposed. In the 16 cases that pitted business groups against citizen group coalitions, businesses won nine.
Taxes were the most frequently lobbied issue by large retailers in 2014, and by a wide margin. This legislative area has proven lucrative for business in the past; a 1 percent increase in businesses lobbying expenditures  yields  a lower effective tax rate of between 0.5 and 1.6 percent for the firm that lobbies. One study on the subject  finds  that the market value of an additional dollar spent on lobbying could be as high as $200. In 2014, the largest big-box retailers reported lobbying on a total of 37 incidences of specific taxation issues, including corporate tax reform, Internet sales tax and the extension of temporary tax breaks. The next most common issues of lobbying were health care reform, labor, antitrust and workplace regulations. As one example of the power of lobbying, the research firm Strategas maintains an index of the 50 firms that lobbying most intensely. The index has  outperformed  the S&P 500 every year since 1998.
Campaign contributions also produce benefits. There is  strong  evidence that the most important impact of campaign contributions is to increase access to politicians with the intent  of setting the political agenda. A  study  of the telecommunications industry finds that regulators respond to private political spending with regulations that favor the donors. Companies that bid for federal contracts across industries are more likely to be granted those contracts if the bids are  complemented by campaign contributions .
What can be done to stop the spread of big money in politics? Over the long run it will be necessary to overturn laws like Citizens United that opened the floodgates of money into Congress. But there are also short-term solutions. The Supreme Court  explicitly endorsed  disclosure as the alternative to campaign contributions. On the heels of Citizens United, Congress  came within  one vote of overcoming a party-line filibuster to pass the DISCLOSE Act. In the absence of Congress, shareholders should demand that corporations either get out of politics, or disclose their donations to organizations like ALEC that they might not approve of. The SEC should require this disclosure if Congress won't.
Publicly financed elections can help candidates not in the pockets of big money get into office, and more states should consider the system. To slow the rise of lobbying, states and the federal government should regulate it more strictly. Patrick Flavin  finds  that states with stricter regulations on lobbying are more politically equal -- that is, responsive to voters of all income groups. Politicians need to tell Congress that even on Black Friday, government isn't up for sale.
This article originally appeared on  Salon . 
Follow Sean McElwee on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SeanMcElwee
More:

Talks to lower IT tariffs break downTalks to lower IT tariffs break down
Shawn Donnan, World Trade Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da82ec72-822b-11e4-ace7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US energy junk debt sell-off spreads© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2b8fd606-820a-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stephen Hawking: Superhero of science© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a123ddcc-807f-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Misplaced homage to Wigan PierDecember 12, 2014 2:09 pm
A pundit’s misplaced homage to Wigan Pier
Giles Wilkes
We are miles away from the hardship of the prewar years, writes Giles Wilkes
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8294d04a-8080-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Great Leadership Books for Your Holiday Shopping Listreddit
As the holiday shopping spree begins, consider picking up a gift that's professionally useful -- a good book to help you or someone on your list gain insight on leadership and work-related issues.
There are a number of volumes worth reading, whether you're looking to inspire your team to operate more like a start-up, to create a culture of innovation or simply to deal with stress more effectively.
For anyone struggling with too much work and too little time, I recommend Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of Less by Greg McKeown.
McKeown's experiences are relatable, his research solid and his advice practical. I've taken some of his recommendations to heart personally and seen positive results. His basic thesis is that you need to figure out what is absolutely essential, and then eliminate everything else. In short, do less, but do it better.
Another good book is The Organized Mind: Thinking Straight in the Age of Information Overload by neuroscientist and author Daniel Levitin. Levitin uses an approachable style to introduce the latest research to help managers gain a better grip around organizing their office, their home and their time.
In addition to strong organizational skills, a successful leader must use and analyze information to make decisions. Despite best efforts, leaders from the front lines to the executive suite can all be susceptible to ignoring important information needed to make the best possible choices. Max Bazerman's book The Power of Noticing: What the Best Leaders See offers a step-by-step guide to discovering the information that others overlook and using that to improve strategic planning, daily decision-making and negotiation when conflicts emerge.
This post was originally featured on The Washington Post's website.
Follow Tom Fox on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@thefedcoach
More:

End of Netanyahu eraFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Jancis Robinson: Women winemakers© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e0a597c-7ffc-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

More from FT WeekendOver steak with peppers in San Francisco, Airbnb’s chief talks about turning his room-rental idea into a $13bn business, convincing lawmakers it is legal and what he wants to do next
©David De Vleeschauwer

Ill be back - again: Rise and rise of the film franchiseThe rise and rise of the Hollywood film franchise
Matthew Garrahan
A look at the economics of Hollywood sequels
©Paramount Pictures/Xposurephotos
Arnold Schwarzenegger in ‘Terminator Genisys’ (to be released 2015)
In the annals of Hollywood box office history, 2014 will go down as something of a dud. There were hits such as Walt Disney’s Guardians of the Galaxy, where the intergalactic heroes battling evil included a talking raccoon and a monosyllabic tree. And also a handful of original releases, notably The Lego Movie — which, on paper, sounded about as appealing as standing on Lego bricks in bare feet but which turned out to be a critical and commercial success.
More
Enemy — film review
Yet in financial terms, 2014 was a flop — a turkey, to use the seasonally appropriate Hollywood parlance. US box office revenues in the year to December 8 were at $9.6bn, down almost five per cent on 2013, according to Box Office Mojo. The key summer period, when the big studios serve up their most bankable fare, was off 16 per cent compared with last year, and only one film, Paramount Pictures’ Transformers: Age of Extinction, surpassed $1bn in global theatrical revenues. This compares with two $1bn hits last year (Frozen and Iron Man 3) and four in 2012 (The Avengers, Skyfall, The Dark Knight Rises and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey).
Nerves can be shredded easily in Hollywood but no one is hitting the panic button just yet. Instead, all eyes are on 2015 which will be different — very different, if Hollywood pundits are to be believed — for one very simple reason: sequels. Next year some of the industry’s biggest film franchises will return to cinemas, and the studios are banking on audiences turning out in force.
Consider what is slated: Universal Pictures will release the seventh instalment in its seemingly never-ending Fast and Furious series; Arnold Schwarzenegger returns as a time-travelling cyborg in Terminator Genisys; James Bond is back, for the 24th time, in Spectre; Liam Neeson will again seek to punch his way through a horde of bad guys in Taken 3; and the hugely successful Hunger Games series will come to a climax with Mockingjay — Part Two. Sequels are also planned for Jurassic Park, The Avengers, Ted, Magic Mike and Paul Blart: Mall Cop. Oh, and the seventh instalment of Star Wars will also hit cinemas, part of Walt Disney’s plan to revive the epic franchise under the watchful eye of director JJ Abrams. Box office expectations for 2015 are therefore running high. “It may be one of the biggest ever,” says Paul Dergarabedian, senior media analyst with Rentrak, which measures box-office performance.
©Warner Bros
Martin Freeman in ‘The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies’ (2014)
If it seems like there are more franchise movies around these days, that is because there are: seven of the 10 top- grossing movies globally in 2014 were sequels. Compare this with the year-end box office tally 20 years ago when only one of the top 10 — the Harrison Ford-starring Clear and Present Danger — was a sequel.
Hollywood studios love franchise films because they have built-in awareness with audiences. “When they work, they can be a licence to print money,” says Amir Malin, managing principal of Qualia Capital, a private equity firm that invests in the media sector. But their popularity has come at a cost: these days, studios are less inclined to produce a wide-release film based on an original idea, says Lynda Obst, author of Sleepless in Hollywood, a book which explores the industry’s sequel mania.
The more the international audience is familiar with a title, the more they look forward to seeing it again
Obst produced Interstellar, alongside Christopher Nolan and Emma Thomas, one of 2014’s rare original hits. She says technological change and the rise of the international market are to blame for the proliferation of so-called “tentpoles” — big-budget franchise movies that generate so much revenue they can support a studio’s entire year of production. “Studio profits used to be generated by DVDs, which financed the original movies,” she explains. But DVD sales have fallen precipitously — “obliterated by new technology”, as Obst puts it — and studio profits now come increasingly from outside the US, in booming multiplex markets such as China, which is adding more than 10 screens a day. “You can’t make movies the same way internationally as you do in the US,” Obst says. “You can’t pay for television advertising in every city in the world, so you become dependent on pre-awareness of the movie.” How do studios create this pre-awareness? They make sequels — and lots of them.
©Columbia Pictures
Daniel Craig in ‘Skyfall’ (2012)
“The more the international audience is familiar with a title, the more they look forward to seeing it again,” she says. “In Hollywood, familiarity breeds success, not contempt.”
The biggest film of this year was Michael Bay’s Transformers: Age of Extinction, the fourth film based on the Hasbro toy line. It was produced and distributed by Paramount Pictures — which also released Interstellar — and became the first film to cross the $300m mark in China, where it took more than it made in the US. In fact, about 75 per cent of the film’s takings came from outside America, part of a swing towards international markets that has forced Hollywood to consider how to make its films more relevant to non-US audiences. A large part of the latest Transformers movie was shot in China, for example, and it featured Chinese stars alongside Mark Wahlberg and the cast of talking robot cars.
Paramount usually releases between 15 and 17 films a year. “Within that we look to do at least three to five franchises as part of our slate,” says Brad Grey, its chairman. “We want to be able to sell these pictures around the world.” Franchise films are expensive to produce and market: budgets can range from $150m to more than $200m. “When you bet big and you have strong talent and expensive technical effects . . . these pictures can cost.”
©Allstar
Christian Bale in ‘The Dark Knight Rises’ (2012)
It helps to have a deep-pocketed media conglomerate owner: Paramount is owned by Viacom, for example, while Universal Studios is part of the Comcast cable empire. And though intellectual property is a large cost, the biggest studios have vast libraries of rights that can be exploited time and again. Time Warner has for many years owned DC Comics, which its Warner Brothers studio used to its advantage when it revived the Batman series. Walt Disney has made acquiring valuable intellectual property central to its strategy under Bob Iger, its chief executive, and in the past few years has acquired Marvel Studios ($4.2bn), which has produced a string of hits, and Lucasfilm ($4bn) bringing Iron Man, Captain America and Han Solo under the same roof as Mickey Mouse and Tinkerbell.
Five years ago, Viacom paid $60m to two little-known media companies, the Mirage Group and 4Kids Entertainment, for the rights to Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, the comic book series that had already been adapted for a 1980s cartoon series and a 1990 movie. Viacom saw the opportunity for a reboot. “We bought the rights and created a new version of a Turtles movie within our franchise business at Paramount, thinking it could be repeated if it worked,” says Grey. Costing an estimated $125m to produce, according to the Internet Movie Database, the film has gone on to earn nearly four times that figure worldwide since it was released this summer. A sequel is, naturally, in production.
Steven Spielberg’s 1975 Oscar-winning ‘Jaws’ spawned four sequels, each worse than its predecessor
Franchises may be Hollywood’s new cash machine but the studios have not entirely abandoned original movies. Striking the right balance is essential, notes Grey. “I am not thinking about franchises when we release Selma [the civil rights-era story to be released this month, which has been tipped for Oscar success] or any number of our other really acclaimed movies,” he says. But at the same time, he makes it clear why the studios are so keen to develop successful franchises: “When you hit you can have very meaningful income for years, even decades, to come.”
While the current vogue for producing and maintaining franchises is relatively new in Hollywood, the industry has a long history of producing sequels. In the 1930s, episodic movie “serials” such as Buck Rogers and Flash Gordon drew cinema audiences week after week. The horror movies produced by Universal Studios in the same decade also spawned numerous sequels, such as Bride of Frankenstein and Dracula’s Daughter. In the decades that followed, the biggest studios produced countless genre movies — comedies, westerns, musicals, gangster films — featuring stars such as James Cagney, Fred Astaire, John Wayne and the Marx Brothers, in which the lead actor would often play variations on the same character.
©Paramount Pictures
‘Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles’ (2014)
The paradigm shifted in the 1970s, when The Godfather: Part II became the first sequel to win best picture at the Academy Awards. But, far from ushering in an era of critical excellence, the studios saw instead an opportunity to squeeze their successes for all they were worth, spawning a catalogue of inferior follow-ups to hit films over the next 20 years. The blockbuster success of Steven Spielberg’s 1975 Oscar-winning Jaws, for instance, spawned four sequels, each worse than its predecessor (Spielberg wisely declined to be involved in any of them), culminating in the appalling Jaws: The Revenge (1987) regarded widely as one of the worst films ever made. “I’ve never seen it, but by all accounts it’s terrible,” Michael Caine, the film’s star, once said. “However, I have seen the house it built and it’s terrific.”
In the 1980s and early 1990s a clear trend for sequels had been established, particularly with action films. Assuming the first film was a success, a second could be produced using essentially the same plot but in a different setting. Bruce Willis fought a gang of criminals in a Los Angeles skyscraper in 1988’s Die Hard; in the sequel three years later, the action had moved to an airport. The retired navy SEAL played by Steven Seagal in 1992’s Under Siege grappled with a group of terrorists on a ship; in the follow-up, the same character decided to take his niece on a relaxing train trip only to encounter another group of terrorists.
Sequels promise familiar characters and bigger action sequences, and, most of the time, good box-office returns. But it was not until 1997 that the studios came to fully realise how lucrative franchise films could be. The awakening came in the unlikely form of Austin Powers, the innuendo-laden spy comedy starring Mike Myers, which scraped to $54m in total ticket sales at the US box office. Then the film and its zany central character began to take off in a different format: “It became a cult hit on video,” explains Rentrak’s Dergarabedian. “So when the second one came out, it powered an opening weekend that was bigger than the entire run of the first film.”
Top ten grossing films worldwide in 2014 (to December 5)
 

Journeys of discovery for 2014December 12, 2014 4:46 pm
FT travel writers’ discoveries of 2014
From the jungles of Papua New Guinea to the beaches of Scotland, FT travel contributors reveal their discoveries — and disappointments — of the year
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/602b9258-7c6d-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Masters of the Earth© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23eecd76-7fb2-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Supersize my home: London now a hotspot for monster housesThe rise of Catalonia — independence and real estate
Meanwhile, developer Christian Candy is extending Gordon House in Chelsea into a 25,000 sq ft property; and the Reuben Brothers are converting the Grade I-listed, former In & Out Club building in Piccadilly into a 53,426 sq ft home, to go on sale for £250m.
There is no formal definition for what constitutes a superhouse, though it is widely accepted to be a property which lies within prime central London — or its high-end suburbs — which measures at least 20,000 sq ft.
Prices are dependent on size and location but they will be in the tens of millions. And they are a rare breed: Savills estimates there are only 1,500 homes in the £20m-plus price bracket in the UK.
Buyers for superhomes tend to be from overseas. David Adams, managing director of John Taylor estate agents, says they are often trophy hunters from Russia and the Middle East. Whether they intend these houses to be homes or investments is up for debate. “It may be that their financial advisers have told them to park say 3 per cent of their net worth in London and perhaps they think a single house is easier to manage than several flats,” he says.
Adams has on his books a rundown Grade II-listed house in Kensington measuring 12,000 sq ft and priced at about £60m. The house comes with planning permission to be extended to about 30,000 sq ft. This project, Adams estimates, would cost £20m, but the completed house could be worth anything from £90m to £110m.
Still, finding a buyer for a superhouse can be tricky. Trevor Abrahmsohn, managing director of Glentree International, is selling Heath Hall, a 27,000 sq ft house on Bishops Avenue in Hampstead, north London. The property first went on sale in August 2012 with a price tag of £100m, subsequently cut to £65m. Today Abrahmsohn says offers above £30m would be considered. “They are not easy to sell,” he concedes. “They need placing with one of the richest families in the world and it is a delicate process which does take time.”
Globally, London’s monster houses appear to be something of an anomaly. Kirk Henckels, vice-chairman of Stribling estate agents, says that in New York a house of 10,000 sq ft or more would be considered exceptionally large. Henckels feels there is little appetite in the city for supersized homes. “We are starting to see [developers] creating larger spaces downtown, but I think the entire market is seriously overestimating global wealth,” he says. In space-constrained Hong Kong Simon Smith, a senior director of Savills, says it is unusual to find a house of more than 5,000 sq ft.
Many of the buyers of London’s largest houses are from former Soviet bloc nations where prime homes are smaller. Elena Yurgeneva, of Knight Frank, says in Moscow the vast majority of properties in the prime centre of the city are apartments. There are big houses in some suburbs, notably Serebryany Bor, in the northwest, but few exceed 20,000 sq ft. Buyers seeking really huge homes must head to the Rublyovskoye highway. Alexander Shatalov, chief executive and partner of IntermarkSavills, highlighted the recent sale of a 67,813 sq ft mansion (with 2.5 acres) in a gated community in Moscow, for $25m.
If approved, it will be more than 30 times the size of the average UK house
In Paris, the largest private house that Laurent Demeure, from Hamptons International, is aware of is a 20,000 sq ft mansion belonging to the actor Gérard Depardieu. It was put on sale in 2012 for €50m when Depardieu quit France in protest at its high tax regime. By the end of 2012 its price had been reduced to €35m. The property has subsequently been taken off the market.
While London appears to be the world’s superhome hotspot, there are signs of change ahead. On December 2 Kensington and Chelsea council learned that its bid to limit the size of basement extensions had been approved by a government planning inspectorate. This is likely to mean the end for basements of more than a single storey, with other councils, inevitably, set to follow suit.
A day later George Osborne, the chancellor, announced changes in stamp duty which will mean significant increases for buyers of multimillion-pound homes . Previously buyers paid a 7 per cent tax on homes above £2m. The new rules see a more complex system of taxation but crucially the tax will rise to 12 per cent on the portion of the price paid above £1.5m.
There is also the looming spectre of the Labour party’s plans for a mansion tax on homes worth £2m or more, and the Liberal Democrats’ proposal for higher rates of council tax on more expensive homes.
“Mansion tax could kill off these big houses,” says Adams. “Maybe they will start buying big houses and converting them into lateral flats instead, each in the name of a different family member.”
 
The £10m-plus market
 
There are too few sales each year to provide accurate price data on superhomes, but prices in London’s £10m-plus bracket have fallen 1.3 per cent in the year to September, according to Savills.
Lucian Cook, director of residential research at Savills, sees the slight drop as a natural correction following strong price growth between March 2009 and June 2012. During this period the average price of £10m-plus homes rose 80 per cent to stand at 46 per cent above the pre-recession peak.
The increase in stamp duty on homes priced at above £2m may also have played a part. Over the next few months, Cook thinks the £10m-plus market will stagnate—“and I would not rule out modest falls”—as buyers hold off until they know the result of next year’s general election.
Illustration by Dan Mitchell

Join the glitterati - and forget the frock: the best sparkly party accessories© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/46d654a4-7c91-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FT reporter on how Mumbai has changed since she was a childFT reporter on how Mumbai has changed since she was a child
Avantika Chilkoti
Avantika Chilkoti recalls feeling like a foreigner on her return to the Indian city — and how she got to know it again
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cbe81b94-7bb7-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Interpreting the Kashmiri voteUpdated: December 13, 2014 02:06 IST
Interpreting the Kashmiri vote
Tweet
VIDEO
politics
It will be erroneous to construe high voter turnout in Kashmir as a sign of an acceptance of the Indian Constitution. There are varied factors embedded in the political conflict situation that influence people’s decision to vote
High voter turnout in the first three phases of the ongoing Assembly election in the State of Jammu and Kashmir is being venerated as a sign of “Kashmiris rejecting separatist politics” and “burying the demand for azaadi (independence).” While the Prime Minister has said that the people of Kashmir “have chosen the ballot and have given their reply to the bullets,” a high profile journalist decided to debate the election in Kashmir under the rubric of “Valley Shuns Separatists.” Such convenient equations, often accompanied by an aggressive nationalist undertone, negate the complexities of “choices” Kashmiris make in a political conflict theatre that the region is, and often referred to by the media as a flashpoint. In the process, their political agency is obliterated and condescendingly declared as being limited in binaries — an acceptance of Indian democracy or submitting to the will of separatist leaders.
Understanding the turnout
It will be erroneous to construe the high voter turnout as a sign of Kashmiris embracing the Indian Constitution. There are varied determining factors, embedded in the political conflict situation of Kashmir that influence people’s decision to vote. Many in Kashmir assert that it reflects developmental aspirations of a region where local institutions and the economy have been ravaged in the past 25 years of conflict. The vote is for effective local governance that will deliver social services. The ballot is being used to resolve day-to-day problems, to address unemployment, towards improved infrastructure like roads, schools, health systems and to fulfil basic needs like food security, water and electricity.
“Jo nahin milega usko vote doonga,” (I will vote for what I am not going to get) was how a 60-year-old man who voted in the Kulgam constituency of south Kashmir responded to a question on what he would vote for if given a choice between India and independence. The hint was telling. He went on say that he had voted in almost all the elections and added, “kisi ke darr se nahi” (not because I feared somebody). He had voted for development, emphasising that the winning MLA has a responsibility towards ensuring it.
A lawyer from Shopian district court, Habeel Iqbal, echoed similar sentiments. He said that people’s expectations from this exercise stem largely from the need to have a functional local government that is pro-development and pro-people. They do not see voting for their local MLAs as voting for India. Kashmiris do seem to associate themselves with the State election more than they do with the national elections. Low voter turnout in the parliamentary election this year, 49.52 per cent, is evident of the disconnect when it comes to voting for “national issues”.
There are multiple dimensions as to how Kashmiris interpret the elections. Some call it political maturity. They see it as a befitting strategy to avoid having a party in power that has no sensibilities about Kashmir. A development professional from Ganderbal said if Kashmiris don’t vote, then the elected representatives will be more pro-India and less pro-Kashmiri people. Many see it as political leverage in negotiating for issues such as an immediate and urgent repeal of draconian laws in force in Kashmir and the release of youth who have been booked under these laws. Some consider it important for a long-term political solution to the conflict, which they think is only possible through consistent dialogue and negotiation with New Delhi.
Kinship and familial relations have also played a significant role in successive elections. A substantial rise in the number of candidates over the years, especially independent candidates, has led to a proportional increase in the number of people voting. Candidates have been able to leverage their social network in strengthening their number of votes and support base.
Another dimension is anti-incumbency sentiments against the ruling political party. A much delayed and inadequate response from the government to the recent catastrophic floods in Kashmir has resulted in widespread public anger and frustration. However, there is a deeper and older resentment, against the Omar Abdullah government whom they accuse of unleashing brutal police force against unarmed civilians during the protests of 2010, and which resulted in the deaths of 112 civilians.
A journalist in Srinagar said that people know that they can never get justice from the court but they know they can punish him by making him lose this election.
A free and fair election?
Ahead of the election, separatist leaders, who represent political alternatives of self-determination in Kashmir, have been incarcerated. This includes the octogenarian leader of the All Parties Hurriyat Conference, Syed Ali Shah Geelani. Democracy is all about having a level-playing field and the creation of conducive and threat-free conditions for all to express their political viewpoint, with the right to mobilise people and influence masses. Such spaces and tools of non-violent dissent and alternative politics, which have played a constructive role in shaping and strengthening Indian democracy, have consistently been denied to Kashmiris. As a calibrated strategy to circumvent any possibility of mobilisation against the election, hundreds of youth have been jailed throughout the Valley — not just the stone-pelters but also those who are likely to influence the masses with their speeches and online campaigns. Many have received threat calls to either “discipline” their children or face police cases. Kashmiris say coercion tactics have also “evolved” over the successive elections. In the garb of extending help to secure the release of detained men, families are induced to vote. First they get men arrested ahead of the election and then in exchange for getting them released, they force people to vote, said Nasir Patigaru, a businessman from Anantnag. In Srinagar, a 16-year-old stone-pelter said that workers of a mainstream political party had threatened his friends and him of PSA [Public Safety Act] and said, “‘choose to be with us or get arrested.’” When faced with two years of incarceration without a trial, they reluctantly chose to become campaigners for the party.
Politics of numbers
Branding high voter turnout as a clear settlement of political choice, between the Indian state and separatist sentiments, isolates Kashmiris from their everyday individual and group experiences and strips them of their political aspirations, which are manifested and played out “contradictorily” in a multitude of spaces outside and beyond the polling booths. In 2008, localised demonstrations over the transfer of 99 acres of public land to the Amarnath shrine board gave way to a much larger struggle, to reassert the claim over their land and lives. Lakhs of people poured out on the streets of Kashmir raising anti-India and pro-freedom slogans. Time magazine reported that the largest demonstration during that phase saw more than 5,00,000 protesters at a single rally, among the largest in Kashmir’s history. Similarly, the 2010 uprising was marked by pro-independence slogans, a defiance of curfews, attacks on riot police with stones and a burning of vehicles and buildings.
There are other spaces where people have consistently asserted their politics, even in the absence of calls from separatist leaders or being a part of organised demonstrations. Encounters of militants have witnessed a show of solidarity by the people where protests erupt instantly at the news of such killings. Marches to the encounter site, staging pro-freedom demonstrations and anti-India sloganeering mark these protests. They are anything but an aberration in Kashmir. If numbers are the determining factor, then the popular anti-India and pro-freedom protests, with hundreds of thousands of civilians participating, are perceptive of the political aspirations of people, in contrast to the narrative of easy calculations. These protests become an uncomfortable political antithesis to the “democracy of numbers” as defined for Kashmir.
Let’s take a quick peek into the history of Assembly elections in Kashmir. In 1987, followed by a popular uprising and full-fledged guerrilla warfare against India, there was a record voter turnout of 74.9 per cent. During the height of militancy and anti-India sentiments, in 1996, 53.92 per cent voted. In 2008, preceded by protracted anti-India protests, the turnout was 61.49 per cent. This was followed by the pro-azaadi protests of 2010. Therefore, concluding that huge participation in an election as an absolute verdict on the political will of Kashmiris is not only reductive but renders the act ahistorical.
There seems to be an urgency in celebrating the numbers. Should we not be asking, instead, whether this high voter turnout has been able to change the political reality of Kashmir? A series of militant attacks a few days ago further challenges this very democratic feat. The region remains one of the highest militarised zones in the world, with draconian laws in force that disregard lives and dignity. Human rights abuses and the obstinate impunity which the perpetrators enjoy, militant attacks, soldiers of the Indian Army losing their lives, political repression and mass incarcerations are what define the political reality of Kashmir. Elections have happened and people have voted in huge numbers, but this remains unchanged.
(Ayesha Pervez is a writer, social development professional and human rights researcher. Twitter: @pervez_ayesha)

The Democrats have come unhingedComments
By Ed Rogers December 12, 2014 Follow @EdRogersDC
Clearly, the Democrats are still wobbly after the punch they took in November. Between the intra-party backlash over the one-sided Senate intelligence committee report on the CIA and the showdown drama over the $1.1 trillion spending bill, it is obvious that the Democrats are unhinged — and they haven’t even officially been removed from office yet.
Rep. Nancy Pelosi (Pete Marovich/European Pressphoto Agency)
The Democratic staff members on the Senate intelligence committee proved that Democrats still have an ax to grind with anyone who wanted to aggressively take the fight to the enemy after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks by concocting a report about the CIA’s interrogation of terror suspects . The report is nothing more than a death rattle from the “blame America” crowd within the liberal Democratic majority. And after the hotly contested report was released, CIA Director John Brennan, who was appointed by President Obama, repudiated the information it contained.
While the Senate Democrats were trying to damage the reputation of the CIA, Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) were taking a stand against the “cromnibus .” Their high-profile agitation against the bill was in opposition to the White House and even Sen. Harry Reid (D-Nev.), who both advocated for the bill’s passage to keep the government open. And Warren’s objection to the bill was completely dishonest. She has taken the mantle of a populist, liberal Democrat in railing against Wall Street, but I wonder: Who will be appearing at her Manhattan fundraisers over the next year? After all, the segment of the American population that has benefited the most under Democratic rule over the past six years is the wealthiest one percent. This group includes a heavy concentration of the limousine liberals from Wall Street who bankroll much of the Democratic efforts.
Anyway, for a Republican, watching the Democrats come apart at the seams is fun. We are starting to see a lot of daylight between the White House and the Democrats and cracks within the party as Democrats struggle to decide who they are, what they really believe and what their message will be in the minority. They are already acting as though they are in the political wilderness, and I am not sure how they will snap out of it.
Thankfully, Republicans are in the majority for the 114th Congress, and they control many of the state capitols across the country. The Democrats will undoubtedly try to make some trouble in the Senate from time to time, but the Republican majority will provide order and something approaching real government and real solutions. It’s about time.
Ed Rogers is a contributor to the PostPartisan blog, a political consultant and a veteran of the White House and several national campaigns. He is the chairman of the lobbying and communications firm BGR Group, which he founded with former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour in 1991.

Bill Simmons asks if Redskins fans would trade three years of nothingness for a new ownerBy Dan Steinberg December 12, 2014 Follow @dcsportsbog
(By Mark J. Rebilas / USA Today Sports)
ESPN’s Bill Simmons presented me with this hypothetical question earlier in the week. Imagine if Redskins fans were offered the following deal: The Redskins franchise moves elsewhere. You have no NFL team for three seasons. In 2018, you are given an expansion franchise, with all the growing pains that entails, but which will retain the Redskins name, colors and records. And your expansion franchise will be run by a different ownership group. What percentage of Redskins fans would make that deal?
(Incidentally, a colleague asked whether Simmons only asked me this because I’m now a sort-of Washington Post columnist , and whether there is a secret club of sort-of sports columnists who regularly present each other with fun hypotheticals. The answer is yes.)
Anyhow, Simmons asked me what percentage of Redskins fans would make that deal. Off the top of my head, I said 75 percent. As we talked, though, I decided that estimate might even be low.
Because which Redskins fans, exactly, would say no to that offer? The ones who believe the current team is set to excel in 2016 or 2017? The ones who just couldn’t bear to miss Jay Gruden’s second season, or a full season of Colt McCoy? The ones who have enjoyed the last two dozen NFL Sundays, as their team has put together its worst 20-game stretch since 1964?
Now, I have talked to some friends who don’t agree, who think that older fans would be distraught to endure three years with no local team. Or that perpetually optimistic Redskins fans will find a way to be optimistic about 2015. Or that it’s a lot easier to say yes to a silly hypothetical than it would be to actually watch your team pack up and leave.
[polldaddy poll=8519787]
( Read Simmons’s full column here .)
Regardless, fan frustration has been focused on different targets in recent years: Mike Shanahan, Kyle Shanahan, Robert Griffin III, Vinny Cerrato, Jim Zorn. In recent weeks, though, the owner’s name has been increasingly mentioned. Here, for example, was 106.7 The Fan’s Eric Bickel earlier this week, and yes, he is a sports-radio host prone to histrionics.
“I’ve lived here for 41 years,” Bickel said. “I honestly think I’ve never been this pessimistic about our future….I’ve never felt this hopeless. The last few weeks, the real darkness has set in, and I don’t see any hope on the horizon. Literally, none. … It’s a broken franchise. They’re rudderless. There’s just no hope. I truly do believe, and you just have to admit, that Dan Snyder’s just a poisonous person that has poisoned the organization.”
That’s a pretty strong word. And yet my e-mail inbox is also filling up with treatises on Redskins ownership.
From Tom M.:
It’s Snyder. Face it. As a former management consultant — and that’s what they need — I could advise three basic things for, not the football team, but the enterprise, to embark on a path for success. Really. But of course it won’t happen.
From Ronald from Silver Spring:
Griffin’s ego got in the way that day against Seattle, and I’m sure Snyder’s Snyderness had something to do with that. Now it appears that the world wants to forgive Mike Shanahan. I’m to the point where I want this team to fail some more. It isn’t fair that the fans suffer while Snyder continues to make his money. If we have suffer this badly, the owner needs to feel it too. If Griffin ever makes it with another team, I would so support him crushing Washington on MNF. That would be perfect. This is what the owner has done to me.
From Jim T.:
The reactions of the people you quoted in your front page article reflects what I complained about in my initial email to you. While we desperately want the team to succeed, the utter incompetence shown by the entire organization – from ownership on down – has grown to huge proportions, and this is occurring in a fan base that idolized the franchise prior to Snyder purchasing it.
From Jeff M.:
Coaches, quarterbacks and other players have come and gone. The constant has been the owner. Where is the source of failure? Why should any change in other personnel be different?
From Jim Z.:
It is broken because Snyder is a bad owner, it will stay broken because people keep buying it. Shame on them, and shame on you for not letting the fans know.
From Kenneth F.:
I have been a Redskins fan since the team played in Griffith Stadium, so I’ve seen it all. The current edition has fallen below anything I could ever imagine. I’m embarrassed to wear Burdundy and Gold and may soon join the rest of my family in purple and black (Ravens) on Sundays. Such a sad end to a proud tradition. Thank you Dan Snyder.
There are lots more like those. And so I present you with the Simmons Question. Would you do it?
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Punjab Haryana cold waveid=286454    Cached
Chandigarh, Dec 26 (IANS): Foggy conditions and a cold wave continued to affect normal life in Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh Friday. Most parts of both states and ...

Samaras strains to keep Syriza at bayWar of words escalates as Samaras strains to keep Syriza at bay
Kerin Hope in Athens
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41760a56-8220-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Resigned Japanese voters set to back AbeResigned Japanese voters set to back Abe
Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51569de8-81ec-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A Massive Oversight Creative Entrepreneurs Leave Out of Their Business Planreddit
I'm a creative businesswoman.
I've been through plenty of exciting, "Create the life you want," workshops. However, I still feel like there is much more field to plow in the business arena for creative people.
Before I left for Europe, I reached out to model-turned-coveted-art therapist, Gabi Torres, who guided me towards my goals in a more creative way. Gabi came over to my house with several sizes of canvas and mentioned she brought a big canvas because she knew I liked to play big (I liked her style already).
We proceeded to go through the images, trinkets and quotes that I preselected before our meeting, organizing the vision board pictures into the categories we noticed that I was selecting in my images: Work life, House, Style, Relationships, Spirituality, Goals and Quotes.
We both then went onto my Pinterest board and printed out some more images that I wanted on my canvas, my soon-to-be vision board that I'd add to my business plan.
We started cutting out the pictures that I wanted for my life and I arranged them around the canvas in a way that creatively felt right. At first, I was skeptical and had a bit of fear wash over me; I hadn't taken an art class since college. Gabi was kind and explained that any arrangement of images was perfect. Her response made me think about the divine energy, and how God always works through me (I was not to blame if the piece came out in a big blob).
I started gluing the images onto the vision board, beginning with the big, important pictures first. I clustered the images by category, and overlaid some of the categories when I felt it made sense or looked nice.
Once I felt like my board was complete, Gabi took the leftover images that I hesitated to use and held them up to the canvas in different areas to see if I wanted to add them to the board. This was interesting to me, because I found myself clearly saying, "No" or "yes" to ideas I have flip-flopped over for years. What state was I to live in? What was the size of my company? Were kids in the equation? After I added a few more images and quotes, I was done with my board.
When my canvas was completely full of images that I saw in my future, Gabi had me go deeper and journal about my vision. She asked me what the timeline was for my goals, what I needed to do to accomplish them and how I felt about the board in general -- was there any insights I drew about myself from the practice?
Gabi likes to say how art therapy is as important as a gym membership, and I'd like to agree. Art therapy exercised my mind in a creative way, and I left the meeting with a canvas that acts as a map for my future decisions. At one time, I felt like I had all of the puzzle pieces scattered on the table, and now, I've finally seen the entire picture and can start piecing the puzzle together with the whole image in front of me as guidance.
Join me in creating your board or art journal, and tag a picture of it on Instagram with #MKOLVisionBoard and @MyKindofLife_Em. I'll repost your pictures to the My Kind Of Life Facebook page.
This activity took about 1.5 hours to complete.
Here's what you'll need to make your vision boards:
A
canvas or artistic journal
A writing journal
Liquid glue and a hot glue gun (if you glue on heavier trinkets like mala beads)
Scissors
Pictures and quotes from Pinterest and magazines (20-25 images)
Follow Gabi's Instagram account (@ThePositiveArtTherapist) for more positive art therapy goodness. www.thepositivearttherapist.com
Follow Emily Nolan Joseph on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MyKindofLife_Em
More:

How Do Innovators Create New Marketsreddit
How do innovators transform new machines, molecules, and even melodies into multi-billion dollar value innovations - and break the rules of standard marketing in the process?
In March 2014, I gave an interview in Palo Alto that sheds some light on these questions through the lens of my own research on market creation and customer experience design.
Can you let us into the evolution of your thoughts and how they are different from standard marketing?
In a nutshell, the common sense in marketing has revolved around this idea of creating and communicating value. The gist of this model is that consumers have these unmet needs and what you want to do is figure out what they are and then create an offering that fills the gap. Aside from product management, the two major challenges are the identifying the need part and then the getting your message out effectively part. That's the tale of marketing that I grew up with. This idea of satisfying consumers or, in short, consumering.
What's the problem with consumering?
There is definitely something to be said about this model. It's easy to teach. The problem that I have with consumering is about practice. Clearly, companies that are really important to society and also the ones that I've been working with, that's just not how they go about value. Of course they create and communicate value to consumers but that's almost like the surface level to an entirely different set of skills and strategic practices. Also reflecting on my own industry background in selling music, it's obviously very different. Before you can serve the market, you must assemble the market. And the latter process could be much better documented in the marketing lexicon.
How did you come to that conclusion?
For me, the process started in the early 2000s. The war on music downloading had just broken out, everything was up in the air, my business was seriously affected. And so I turned to marketing for answers. I bought Philip Kotler's Marketing Management Millennium Edition. The book was great of course but of relatively little help in my personal situation because the proposed strategies more or less relied upon a sandbox which was precisely crumbling in front of everyone's eyes. The very sociological conditions necessary to do the consumering, you know, a durable music market with clearly defined consumer needs and behaviors, more or less coagulated price-value relationships, supporting institutional frameworks, and so on, all of that was falling apart. So Prentice Hall [Kotler's publisher] had this book website link on the back of the book which in turn led me to Phil's faculty profile at the Kellogg School of Management. And so I sent him an email and described my situation. I had of course no idea who I was talking to and he was surprised but also open-minded and generous enough to get me in touch with some of his colleagues and to invite me to Kellogg to dig deeper.
And that's when you developed your own approach?
First of all, Kellogg was a fascinating place. Number one marketing department in the world at the time, great diversity of orientations. On the flip side, there was also a remarkable fixation on the consumer in this micro sort of way. The differences existed more on the methodological level between, say, grounded theory versus experiments. But the active category around which the departmental identity formed was the consumer.
For an incoming practitioner, this was strange. I always thought that marketing was first and foremost about making markets. At a time when downloading was unmaking the music market and the question was how to make it back into a market, all kinds of players would have to be rearranged, not just the consumer. But imagine being in one place with some of the world's most highly decorated arborists and everyone is looking at the trees, to the exclusion of the proverbial forest. That was the spirit at the time.
My great colleague and friend Gary Gebhardt, also with a long career in marketing practice, and I were the only two students around working on system-level ideas. Gary spent a lot of his days at the management and organizations department to develop his firm-centric process model of market orientation. I, in turn, ran back and forth between Kellogg and the sociology department across the street to get my head around a market-level rather than consumer-centric model of marketing. And so one thing led to another, other cases were added, and this market systems approach gradually crystallized.
How does the market systems approach work?
Let's fast-forward to the year 2002 or 2003, where we can see the idea of reassembling a disintegrating music market in action. Consider Apple's iTunes Music Store. From a market-level rather than consumer-centric point of view, marketing is the process of making people and things act as a market. What Jobs understood is that you don't ask about what the consumer needs or wants. Clearly, people want lots of music and ideally for free. So he rather asked what are the capacities of people and things required for people to need our store so that they could become consumers again? So think about the need here not as pre-existing sentiment in a consumer's mind but as relational entity or a network that you must set up to function in your interest. So understanding how people get to say 99 cents per song...I need that, that is not so much a matter of market research and then communication strategy, it's a matter of network building. Apple embraced a particular network building strategy, a strategy that would make people and stuff in the industry and larger society to perform on Apple's rather than on Limewire's or whomever else's behalf.
So the product needs the consumer more than the consumer needs the product?
The consumer, the product, and the relationships that support them including the problem, what is the problem that is being addressed here, and so on. These elements do not exist independently of each other, they are co-constistuted. Consider another company down the road. Consider Genentech. The people at Genentech say that they make medicines that matter, which is reminiscent of consumering's emphasis on serving. However, when you actually follow them around, you realize that they are violating virtually every textbook principle of standard marketing because what they are really doing is making molecules matter as medicines. First, they design molecules and test their durability in the lab. So that's the molecule part. Next, comes the "matter as medicine" part, when that new molecule's capacity has been established, and they redefine the capacities and interests of the medical community and the patients around it. Genentech's medicine doesn't come out of the lab. In order for it to become a commercial success, Genentech's lab must actually extend well into society. Only at the end of the story, when the durability of all actors and elements is firmly established, it looks like Genentech is actually making medicines that matter.
Do you get pushback from people who defend the existence of consumer needs? I remember that this was a big deal in my marketing courses.
In a way, this ritualistic fashion with which this is insisted upon in the MBA classroom is proving my point about how the manager in training must in some sense be made to fit the standard theory. There may also be a concern of having to defend marketing against ethical questions such as do marketers create needs? In the moment you adopt a sociological perspective, this ethical dimension becomes much less black and white. And that's because there are not just producers and consumers. There are many other groups such as scientific experts, regulators, spiritual leaders, activists, journalists, your competitors, all trying to recruit the other players to their particular causes. In view of all of these and other players wrestling over what has value and what doesn't, our traditional understandings of what is true or false are significantly challenged. On the practical level, the simple question I have is what works and what doesn't for the situation that I'm in. And if it doesn't work, is this because I just didn't understand my consumer well enough or because, like Genentech or the exact opposite, say, an activist organisation lobbying against genetic medicine, would I first have to intervene into society on behalf of my cause to establish one?
What role does music play for you?
Music is really the most important part in my life. It's also a great way to understand emotions. What you learn early on as a musician is that emotions are always a fundamentally systemic concern. The room, the temperature, the light, the instruments, the voices, the audience and so on. Happiness is truly an assemblage. And so is pride. Consider, in this context, how George Frideric Handel deviated from the standard marketing protocol in creating a society of British men and women to whom his music would be of existential significance. So Handel assembled a Britain, a sense of being British, to which his aesthetic offerings were indispensable. I mean even today, it's such a naturally British thing for BBC storytellers to pick Handel as the musical background for British stories. Why not Elgar or Holst? The Big Ben chime is said to be based on a variation of four notes from Handel's Messiah. It is also remarkable in this context that the soundtrack to one the most sacred British rituals, the coronation anthem, was written by a de-facto German. Although my British friends always insist that he was a British citizen at the time, which of course serves to illustrate my point of how rhetorical manoeuvres make assembled things seem perfectly natural. And so there is a striking similarity between Handel and Elon Musk, Steve Jobs or Dietrich Mateschitz that has remained unaddressed in the MBA classroom. There should definitely be a case study on Handel...
Lastly, can you talk a bit about your work on Botox Cosmetic?
Sure. I've been following the Botox market for eight years, investigating its creation from multiple perspectives including consumer, medical practitioner, media, regulator, celebrity, and the people at Allergan in charge of assembling these and other elements.
So let's apply the old marketing model first. Today Botox Cosmetic is the largest, non-surgical enhancement solution in North America and a multibillion dollar business. And that's because Allergan listened to market researchers saying that ageing Baby Boomer women were craving something that's cheaper and less painful than cosmetic surgery but also more effective than makeup. After Allergan identified its blue ocean, they smartly communicated Botox's benefits to said Baby Boomer women, thereby making the innovation contagious.
For starters, my findings demonstrate that this actually didn't happen, but I like how this tale pretends that everyone and everything is ready to help diffuse the innovation. You know, not just the consumers but also the regulators, dermatologists, journalists, celebrities and stuff such as botulinum bacteria, syringes, living rooms and so on. Marketing's innovation diffusion model comes from biology. But what biologists have long understood and traditional marketing theorists still grapple with is that the virus is never simply spreading and society is also not like a more or less permeable sponge.
The contagious offering is a mutating offering. The mutation is what makes recurring cultural antibodies complicit. So my findings speak to the strategic level of this mutation. How Allergan changed emotional branding gears to make these and other actors and ingredients act in the ways they act today. How Allergan transformed the poison into a fountain of youth, what it took for the living room to be redefined as an acceptable injection site, how they made the media journalists report about freedom of expression and not about the frozen face, how they took the dermatologist out of the world of moulds and rashes and into the world of wellness and beauty. These and other processes have little to do with communicating that Botox is cheaper and less painful than cosmetic surgery and more effective than makeup and more with making markets by actively nurturing the capacity of people and stuff to act on behalf of your product in ways that make its consumption completely natural.
For more information about my work on market creation and customer experience design, please visit my blog Shaping Markets .
Follow Markus Giesler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drgiesler
More:

Focus shifts to RBI as green shoots wiltIndian rupee pares initial losses, down by 2p vs US dollar
Industrial production unexpectedly dropped to a three-year trough of 4.2% in October, the first contraction this fiscal, offering a reality check of the state of the economy since the Narendra Modi-led NDA stormed to power. Private consumption, for long a laggard, plummeted further and manufacturing growth hit a three-year low of -7.6% in October, while retail inflation eased to a fresh low of 4.38% last month, building an irresistible case for the RBI to effect the much-anticipated monetary policy shift in its next bi-monthly review on February 3, if not earlier.
The government, however, revised the September growth in the index of industrial production (IIP) to 2.8% against 2.5% announced earlier.
Importantly, “radio, TV and communications equipment and apparatus” — which has been witnessing negative growth this fiscal, especially after the disruption of Nokia’s operations in Tamil Nadu — contracted 70.2% in October due to complete stoppage of production at the plant.
Exclusive of this segment, the overall industrial production would have shrunk by just 0.2%. Yet, given that consumer durables contracted 35.2% in October and capital goods output shrank 2.3%, the economy is clearly yet to turn the corner.
Post Comments
More from bankingampfinance

Manmohan Singh: India can achieve 8-9% growth ratePM Narendra Modi raises solar investment target to $100 bn by 2022
Former prime minister Manmohan Singh on Friday said India is well-placed to take on the challenges and achieve a GDP growth rate of 8-9%, provided there is a “national consensus” on ways to take advantage of opportunities in a globalised world.
“I think that even though many other emerging economies are not doing too well, India has an opportunity to move towards a growth rate of 6-7% and thereafter to 8%,” said Singh, whose tenure saw the economy recording three years of 9%-plus growth.
Speaking at the Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture organised by Ficci, he said a meaningful solution to the country’s problems of ignorance, poverty and diseases can be only be found in the framework of rapidly expanding economy.
India needs a growth rate of 8-9% in the midst of a turbulent global economy to create 10-12 million jobs yearly in the country to conquer unemployment, he said.
Barring India, other emerging market economies such as Russia, Brazil and South Africa are not doing well, Singh said.
“We are working towards a growth rate of 8-9%. There are opportunities, there are risks. India is currently at least poised to create a milieu in which the growth story of India can be another worthwhile chapter in the evolving global economies,” he said.
The Indian economy was clocking more than 9% growth rate for three years before it was hit by the global financial crisis in 2008. In 2012-13 and 2013-14, growth rate had fallen to below 5%. The government expects growth in the current fiscal to be 5.4-5.9%.
Post Comments
More from economy

Gujarats international trade show likely to dethrone New DelhisPM Narendra Modi raises solar investment target to $100 bn by 2022
The Gujarat government is all set to host an international trade show which is likely to dethrone the annual India International Trade Fair (IITF) in New Delhi.
To be inaugurated by Union external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj, the upcoming Vibrant Gujarat Global Trade Show (VGGTS) is slated  to be held between January 8 and 13 in Gandhinagar.
VGGTS is an international show and global summit which will be held alongside the Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors’ Summit (VGGIS) and will focus on defence production along with MSMEs.  “Defence manufacturing firms as well as Indian Railways will be part of the exhibition for the first time.  There will be a special pavilion for the defence sector,” said a source.
Spread over 1,25,000 sqm, VGGTS is being touted as the biggest trade fair in India.  A business platform showcasing over 25 sectors represented by over 2,000 companies, the trade show is expected to attract over 2 million visitors.
Interestingly, Russian defence equipment manufacturing companies, including Kalashnikov, manufacturer of the AK-47 assault rifle, are reportedly eyeing Gujarat as a possible investment option.
In 2013, Narendra Modi as CM had pitched defence during the VGGIS summit.  The defence policy the state has been working on since 2012 never took off owing to differences between the state and the Centre. Modi had also offered Gujarat as a platform for defence research and development and manufacturing.
Post Comments
More from economy

Week in review  December 13December 12, 2014 8:23 pm
Week in review, December 13
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5df518f2-8220-11e4-ace7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Central Reserve Police MessUpdated: December 13, 2014 04:55 IST
The Central Reserve Police Mess
Rahul Pandita
Tweet
The Hindu
DEEP ROOTS: “In their strongholds, the Maoists have no dearth of human intelligence through their sympathisers.” Picture shows a team of CRPF's CoBRA commandos in Dantewada district, Chhattisgarh. Photo: Arunangsu Roy Chowdhury
VIDEO
armed conflict
The CRPF is so ill-prepared to fight Maoists, it is a miracle its troops are not deserting en masse
For 15 days, since November 15, more than 2,000 troops from six battalions of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) had been venturing out to conduct SADO — Search and Destroy Operation(s) — in Chhattisgarh’s Sukma district. The troops, roughly divided into ten groups, would traverse villages that are considered Maoist strongholds: Polampalli, Kankerlanka, Puswada, Jaggawaram, Korapad, Kanrajgubbal, Rangaiguda, Degalmetta, Ramaram, Pidmel, and Chintagufa. Since they had no intelligence inputs, the troops were asked to engage Maoists if they ever came in contact.
There is a very little possibility of such chance encounters unless the Maoists themselves want to engage the CRPF. In their strongholds, the Maoists have no dearth of human intelligence through their sympathisers. In fact, several arrested Maoists have revealed to the security agencies how their squads had passed less than 100 metres away from CRPF troops without being detected. The CRPF has, in the last few months, tried desperately to win over the local population in these areas through civic action programmes. Their men distribute items like transistors, cycles, and saris among the people. But in Maoist strongholds such as in Sukma, many adivasis do not accept them. On Independence Day this year, some of these items were handed over forcibly to adivasis in several villages. But, according to a CRPF officer, many of them threw away these items at the periphery of the village and ran away. “The people here are angry because they see their near and dear ones dying of malaria, or diarrhoea, or complications during pregnancy,” explained the officer. “The government has not diagnosed the problem and is behaving rather like a quack,” he said.
Gorillas, not Guerrillas
The operation that ultimately led to the death of 14 CRPF personnel on December 1 was to end a day before, but was at the last hour extended by one day. On the night of November 30, about 800 troops were asked by their commanders to “take harbour” on a hillock named Hill 406, south of Kasalpada village. The villagers knew about the presence of such large number of troops. By the evening, says a soldier who was present there, the gathering had turned into a mela (fair). The troops lit a fire and chatted loudly in groups. “Had the Maoists attacked during the night, there would have been mayhem,” the soldier said.
At 6.30 the next morning, about 200 troops among this group were asked to move towards Kasalpada village and stay put on the outskirts of the village. It is the heart of Maoist territory, and the troops halted in an open field. “We are told that we need to fight the guerrillas (Maoists) like guerrillas,” said a CRPF officer, “but by the time they halted outside Kasalpada, our troops had turned into gorillas.” The basic requirements of guerrilla warfare, said the officer, are: surprise, mobility, small-team formations, quick action, closely-knit group, specific task, training and motivation, and effective command. But none of these was met, he said. The Maoists were closely watching the troop movement, so there was no surprise. There was restricted mobility — the troops only went as far as a few miles every day. The troops were from six different battalions and were not acting on any specific input. Several of them had already contracted malaria and longed to go on leave.
Just before 9 a.m., the commandant of the CRPF’s 223 Battalion, Sanad Kamal, who was also the acting commander of the group, received a radio message from the CRPF’s Inspector-General (Operations) in Chhattisgarh, H.S. Sidhu. He asked Kamal to join him for a meeting at a spot, 400 metres away. Before he left with nine men, reveal eyewitnesses, his juniors asked him if they could secure Kasalpada. But Kamal just asked them to wait.
After he was gone for an hour, the deputy commandant of the 223 Battalion, B.S. Verma, sent a message to Kamal on the radio, asking him if they could leave the area. “No, just hold ground,” he was told. In the meantime, the troops had broken into small groups. Some took out utensils and began to prepare Maggi noodles under a tree. Some smoked in another corner. A few veered closer towards the village.
Shock and awe
The Maoists, numbering 50-60, attacked the group at 10.30 a.m. Oblivious to the CRPF troops, the Maoists had positioned their snipers on top of large tamarind trees. They led the attack with such accuracy that two officers and several others among the 223 BN died very early on. The rest of the troops, without any command or control, began firing indiscriminately in all directions, leading to complete chaos. As a result, the CoBRA commandos, who took position on one side, could not even pinpoint locations from where Maoists were firing. The CRPF troops fired about 7,000 rounds of bullets in response to a few hundred fired by the Maoists.
“They (Maoists) were so agile,” recounts an injured soldier, “I saw one of them taking off his chappals, climbing on a tree, fire a few shots, get down stealthily and then immediately change location.” They shot with precision while the CRPF troops exhausted all their ammunition. Later, some of them just stood in daze, almost ready to surrender to the Maoists if they had come closer, said a CoBRA commando.
The attack lasted for an hour after which the Maoists looted whatever weapons they could lay their hands on. The CoBRA troops recovered 6 bodies of soldiers beneath a tree. The Maoists had lured them one by one, showing them a glimpse of themselves, and as they took aim, the Maoist snipers hit them with precision. “Also, I won’t be surprised if some CRPF men died of bullets fired by their own colleagues,” said the CoBRA commando.
The IG finally arrived at 2.30 p.m., four hours after the attack had begun. The commando recalls that he just came, shouted “Bharat Mata ki jai,” and then told his men: “Jo hua so hua.”
Then began the long walk back to the camp. The troops took away string cots from villagers to carry the injured and the dead. It took them seven hours to walk a distance of seven kilometres through the dense jungle. “We were so scared that the Maoists might attack again,” said a CRPF soldier.
They reached the camp at 9.30 p.m. Two injured soldiers could not make it. They died on the way.
The other injured personnel are now being treated at the civil hospital in Jagdalpur. More than 70 other CRPF personnel, suffering from malaria, are also admitted there. But the hospital is in a very bad shape. Succumbing to media pressure, the hospital authorities removed civilian patients from their beds, offering them to the soldiers. “It is like living in a latrine, if you ask me,” said a CRPF soldier undergoing treatment there.
“One thing I tell you,” he said, “it is better to be a Maoist in Chhattisgarh than be a CRPF jawan.”
rahul.p@thehindu.co.in

Grading the CromnibusBy Nolan McCarty December 12, 2014
 
The spending legislation predicted to pass the Senate contains most of the items on the typical American’s “Why I Hate Congress” list:
Passing 11 spending bills in one big lump 2 1/2 months after they were due at the beginning of the fiscal year
Punting the Homeland Security appropriations bill to March to keep  some leverage over the implementation of the president’s executive order on immigration
Brinksmanship with artificial deadlines and threats of shutdowns
Unrelated legislation such as the repeal of some Dodd-Frank swaps rules for banks
And a silly, wonky, inside-the-Beltway name like Cromnibus to tie it all together
But when measured at the admittedly low standards of recent history, it wasn’t all that bad.  First, passing 11 complete appropriations bills by Dec. 13 is pretty good. Last year (FY14), no appropriations bills were passed until Jan. 17 for a fiscal year that began on Oct. 1.  In FY13, the first appropriation bills were not passed until March (half way through the FY) and then Congress passed only five full bills while continuing to fund the other seven appropriation areas via continuing resolution (CR).   While the FY12 outcome was similar to this year’s (all bills were complete by Christmas), only the defense appropriation bill passed in FY11 and continuing resolutions funded the rest of the government.   So I’ll give Congress a star for (incremental) improvement.
Graph by Nolan McCarty
A few things from the figure are worth noting.  First, there has indeed been a slight uptick in performance but it comes after a 15-year decline.  The second takeaway, however, is that it has been far worse.  The mid-1980s are actually the low point.
As I have written , these changes in congressional performance are not easily explained.  A simple story about partisan polarization does not work well as Congress is much more polarized now than it was in the mid-1980s.  But ideological conflict across branches and chambers does explain some of the variation.  Fiscal and macroeconomic variables such as growth rates and (lagged) deficits also do not seem to matter much.  Performance began declining in the mid-1990s just as the economy heated up and deficits began shrinking.   The data hint that congressional rules such as statutory pay-as-you-go provisions (PAYGO) improved performance.
But have there been any real consequences of the decline in congressional performance on appropriations?  Here the preliminary evidence seems mixed.  The good news is that there appears to be no connection between the timely completion of appropriation bills and fiscal outcomes such as spending and deficits.   But more troubling is the impact that “governing by CR” has on uncertainty about government policy and performance.  Late appropriation bills not only contribute to uncertainty about overall spending levels but also uncertainty about specific programs.
As an illustration of the possible impact of poor, delayed appropriations on uncertainty, I use a measure of policy uncertainty developed by Scott Baker, Nichols Bloom and Steven Davis that utilizes media coverage of the economy. Their index is based on search results from 10 large newspapers.  An article is treated as an indicator of policy uncertainty when it contains the term “uncertainty” or “uncertain,” the terms “economic” or “economy” and one or more of the following terms: “Congress,” “legislation,” “White House,” `”regulation,” “Federal Reserve” or “deficit.” Because this policy uncertainty index has been shown to correlate negatively with investment and economic performance, a connection between it and appropriation delays could indicate the macroeconomic costs of poor procedural budgetary performance.
Using monthly data, I find a significant negative correlation between this measure of uncertainty and the proportion of completed appropriation bills.  A government operating on CRs generates an uncertainty index that is from eight to 15 points higher than one operating under 100 percent completed appropriation bills.  Using the findings of Baker, Bloom and Davis, I can quantify the economic magnitude of this effect.  Since they report that a 90 point increase in policy uncertainty leads to a 2.3 percent annualized decline in economic growth, a simple extrapolation suggests that the difference between zero and 100 percent completion is between 0.2 percent and 0.4 percent of annualized gross domestic product: a modest but noticeable effect.  It seems reasonable to speculate, however, that the magnitudes are much larger when potential and actual government shutdowns are part of the mix.  Fortunately, the pushes for a shutdown from the left and the right got little traction.
As for the other less savory aspects of the Cromnibus, I will again grade on a curve.  There is nothing terribly new about attaching unrelated provisions to “must pass” legislation. In fact, it seems that the Republican leaders extracted far less from this opportunity than they could have had they waited to pass the spending bills in January when they will have the majority in both chambers.  That said, I am particularly sad to see the Dodd-Frank provisions concerning swaps trading by banks repealed.  I fear we will see this tactic used much more in the future to undermine financial reform.
And the term “Crominbus”  — I like it.  Certainly no worse than “fiscal cliff” or “sequester.”
Nolan McCarty is the Susan Dod Brown Professor of Politics and Public Affairs at Princeton University. He has written extensively on political polarization, the politics of inequality, and economic and financial policy making.

Portland School ShootingPortland School Shooting Injures Four, Police Say
Dec 12, 2014, 6:54 PM ET
ABC NEWS
A shooting near a high school in Portland, Ore. was reported on Dec. 12, 2014.
KOIN
Share
Four teenagers were shot at a Portland, Oregon, high school today and police are searching for the gunman.
The shooting took place outside Rosemary Anderson High School
A police spokesman said a girl, 16, was in critical condition and two teen boys were in serious condition. A fourth victim, a 19-year-old female, was grazed in the foot, police said.
The spokesman said all four were affiliated with the school as students or in a job training program.
"We are looking at the possibility that the shooter may be gang affiliated," the spokesman said, but it wasn't clear if the victims had any gang affiliations or were unintended victims of a shooting.
The shooter fled the scene, police said.
The school serves at-risk students who have been expelled, are homeless or single parents. According to the school's website , 190 students are enrolled.
A nearby high school and community college were also temporarily placed on lockdown.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Join the Discussion

How Badly Would the Economy Suffer if Holidays Were Cancelledhow badly would the economy suffer if holidays were cancelled
Pictures that defined 2014: Muzaffarnagar riots  Priyanka Vadra s poll campaignpicture  others
Pictures that defined 2014: Muzaffarnagar riots, Priyanka Vadra’s poll campaign
Starting this week, Indian Express will bring you the best photographs from around India captured through the lens of some of our best and award winning photographers. We begin our photo series with Ravi Kanojia's pictures.
April 24th 2014:  Widows on the way to cast their votes in Vrindavan during sixth phase of Loksabha elections, on April 24th 2014. (Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
April 29th 2014:  Priyanka Gandhi holds notes of speech during campaign for her brother and Congress candidate from Amethi Rahul Gandhi at a village in Amethi , on April 29th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
April 30th 2014:  Villagers on the way to cast their votes in a polling booth during Lok Sabha elections 2014 at village Thakurain Khera, in Rae Bareli (UP), on April 30th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
April 30th 2014:  A view of a polling booth during Lok Sabha elections 2014, in Rae Bareli (UP), on April 30th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
May 17th 2014:  BJP supporters releasing the pigeon as they celebrating the party victory at BJP headquarters, in New Delhi on May 17th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
May 30th 2014:  An old tree fell down on the parked cars at IP Bhawan as Delhi was hit by a huge storm around 5.00 pm.The dust storm soon turned into a full-fledged rainstorm, with high winds raging though the entire city, on May 30th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
June 3rd 2014:  PM Narendra Modi with daughter of BJP leader Gopi Nath Munde after he passes away in an accident, at BJP headquarters in New Delhi on June 3rd 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
June 22nd 2014:  E-Rickshaw drivers and daily wagers at a rally Jansabha in New Delhi on June 22nd 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
June 26th 2014:  Delhi policemen sit idle near the VC office, as various teachers and students union protesting against the VC Dinesh Singh for roll back of FYUP, at DU north campus in New Delhi on June 26th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
July 14th 2014:  Passengers at the first superfast New Delhi Katra train called "Shri Shakti Express", before leavbe New Delhi railway station to reach Mata Vaishno Devi railway station (Katra), on July 14th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
July 14th 2014:  Passengers trying to enter in the New Delhi Gaya train, at New Delhi railway station on July 14th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
July 20th 2014:  Kamlesh and Geeta, a disabled couple spare some time at Fateh Sagar lake in Udaipur (Rajasthan) on July 20th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
July 20th 2014:  Vijay and Pramila, newly wed disabled couple, in Udaipur (Rajasthan) on July 20th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
July 29th 2014:  Policemen detain an ABVP activist during their protest against CSAT, outside UPSC building in New Delhi on July 29th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
August 5th 2014:  A TV reporter interview the girl, who allegedly gangraped in a Madarsa, at village Sarawa in Meerut district August 5th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
August 11th 2014:  Fireworks seen near the India's largest National flag, on the inauguration of a weak long Indepence day celebrations organised by Flag foundation of India and NDMC, at central park in New Delhi on August 11th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
September 1st 2014:  Boys look on the girl students as they leaving after attending the college in Rohtak on September 1st 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
September 5th 2014:  Students of a MCD government school watching the Live telecast of the prime minister Narendra Modi's speech on Teachers Day in Delhi on Sept 5th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
September 11th 2014:  AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia arrive to meet Delhi Commissioner of Police BS Bassi at PHQ, in New Delhi on Sept 11th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
October 5th 2014:  An aerial view of Mela at the Red Fort lawns in Delhi on Oct 5th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
October 5th 2014:  An aerial view of Red fort in Delhi on Oct 5th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
October 6th 2014:  Muslims on their way back after offering prayer on Eid al-Adha celebrations at Sadar bazar in New Delhi on Oct 6th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
October 9th 2014:  Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg at a event of Internet.org, in New Delhi on October 9th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
October 13th 2014:  Delhi Dynamos Del Piero at a training session, a day before the Indian Super League match against Pune City at Jawahar Lal Nehru stadium in New Delhi on October 13th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
November 4th 2014:  Muslims take part in the taziya procession during Muharram at Bawana in Delhi on November 4th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
November 7th 2014:  AAP chief and Delhi former CM Arvind Kejriwal ask BJP MLA's to vacate his seat during a photo opp with all party MLA's, at Vidhansabha in New Delhi on November 7th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
November 9th 2014:  Deepika Kumari in action during the National Ranking Archery tournament 2014, at Red fort lawns in Delhi on November 9th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
November 20th 21st 2014:  A torn poster of self styled Godman Sant Rampal at his Satlok Ashram at Barwala in Hisar on November 20th 21st 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
November 20th 21st 2014:  RAF deployed at the Satlok ashram of self styled Godman Sant Rampal at Barwala in Hisar on November 20th 21st 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
November 23rd 2014:  Participants on the start line during the Airtel Delhi half marathon in New Delhi on November 23rd 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Skip this Advertisement

Holiday season will pull down TCS Q3 resultsYou are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
Holiday season in key markets will pull down TCS’ Q3 results
ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 01.09PM IST
Tags:
EBITA
(The company, in a mid-quarter…)
NEW DELHI: Tata Consultancy Services , India's largest information technology outsourcing company said it expects a seasonally weak third quarter, because of the holiday season in its key markets impacting some of its main verticals.
The company, in a mid-quarter business update on Friday, said it expects weakness in its retail, manufacturing, hi-tech due to furlough impact during the quarter. The banking and financial services business would be impacted by insurance and banking products, while telecom was likely to be "slightly better" than other verticals, it added.
The third quarter, ending December, is seasonally weak for IT outsourcing companies due to holidays in the United States and Europe- their biggest markets.
While TCS expects business in North America to be in line with its expectations, adjusted for seasonal weakness; it said Europe would grow better than average. India business saw a very strong last quarter, and "that momentum will improve," said Rajesh Gopinathan , chief financial officer, in a conference call with analysts. He added that the overall demand environment would remain fragile. The company however, maintained its EBITA margin target band.
Shares of TCS closed down 1.48% at Rs 2455.70 on Friday on the BSE. They fell over 2% earlier in the day after news that the company would be starting a restructuring exercise under which some of its non-performing senior executives would be asked to leave.
FEATURED ARTICLES

All London Airspace Closes After Computer Failureall london airspace closes after computer failure
Rolling Stone begins fully reporting its rape storyBy Erik Wemple December 12, 2014 Follow @ErikWemple
Protesters at the University of Virginia’s Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house last month. (Ryan M. Kelly/The Daily Progress via AP)
The Rolling Stone story by Sabrina Rubin Erdely titled “ A Rape on Campus, ” alleging a September 2012 gang-rape of a then-freshman student named Jackie, was published Nov. 19.
Several weeks later, it appears, the magazine is attempting to report it out.
Three students who came to Jackie’s aid on the night of her alleged attack have now put their names to their statements about the events, as a new story by the Washington Post notes . These folks were identified pseudonymously in the Rolling Stone story — as “Cindy,” “Andy” and “Randall.” It was difficult to determine from the magazine’s story just how much effort it had expended to secure input from them. The trio told The Post that they hadn’t spoken to Rolling Stone for the piece.
Until quite recently, that is. Two of them told T. Rees Shapiro that a “Rolling Stone reporter” had contacted them following a Post story this week. The other said she hadn’t heard from the magazine as of midday Friday. This news is at once incriminating and encouraging — the former because the magazine could have taken this step before publishing an execrable piece of journalism, the latter because it’s apparently trying to audit itself.
Is that “Rolling Stone reporter” Erdely? “No, it was somebody else,” Alexander Stock (“Andy” in the Rolling Stone piece) tells the Erik Wemple Blog.
These three students spoke up about the incident to straighten out discrepancies between what Rolling Stone reported about that night and what they say they experienced. Another motive appears to have been to clear their names, even if they were identified only pseudonymously in the original article. “Cindy,” whom the Post now reveals as Kathryn Hendley, is described in the story as a “self-declared hookup queen” and is indirectly quoted as saying something terrible about Jackie’s alleged gang rape at the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity. “‘Why didn’t you have fun with it?’ Cindy asked. ‘A bunch of hot Phi Psi guys?’ ” — that’s how Erdely phrased things, without ever having contacted “Cindy”/Hendley, who told Shapiro that she was “offended” by the characterization. And all this happened in a story purporting to highlight the mistreatment of women.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Fiery atheist leader: Fox News is afraid of meBy Erik Wemple December 12, 2014 Follow @ErikWemple
It was a widely viewed segment , back in November 2012: David Silverman, president of American Atheists , debated Fox News host Bill O’Reilly about Jesus Christ, Christmas trees, federal holidays, fascism, religion and philosophy. You know, an installment in O’Reilly’s yearly war on the “War on Christmas.”
“It is a fact that Christianity is not a religion; it is a philosophy,” said O’Reilly at one point. Silverman: “So you are going to actually tell me on live television that Christianity is not a religion?”
It got a lot more heated, with the two bashing each other over the winter solstice and whether O’Reilly would approve of the governor of New York state placing a “Winter Solstice sign” on his door. “I have got no problem with it. Okay?” O’Reilly insisted.
Silverman: “Yeah you would. I think you would.”
(Irate) O’Reilly: “Don’t tell me what I think; when I said I didn’t have a problem, I don’t have a problem.”
Looking back at that moment, Silverman thinks he did some damage: “I totally kicked his a– in that interview and he hasn’t had me on since then,” he says. Though Silverman has appeared on other Fox News programs over the past two years, he still insists, “They’re afraid of me. In the past several times I’ve been on Fox News I have hammered them and driven it home and made them look bad.”
The alleged banishment, says Silverman, “strokes my ego like crazy but that’s not what this is about.”
Is this just an activist looking to gain some altitude by taking a pot shot or two at the Undisputed King of Cable News?
Perhaps, but Silverman’s point gained some traction in the 2014 “War on Christmas” series. Earlier this month, O’Reilly ran a segment criticizing Silverman’s group for sponsoring billboards around the country urging children to “Skip Church” on Christmas. To chew over the matter, O’Reilly turned to psychotherapist Karen Ruskin , who proceeded to rip American Atheists over the campaign. “It’s horrifically insulting, it’s really disrespectful but not unlike the bully who tries to push other people down in order to make themselves feel better. That’s what’s happening here,” said Ruskin.
It was an agreefest, nothing even close to the fabulous cable television that O’Reilly and Silverman produced two years before. The O’Reilly-Ruskin segment did include a short statement from American Atheists spokeswoman Danielle Muscato, but why not just have Silverman on the air to defend his billboards? “What we’re doing is obviously newsworthy for us to talk about, but our position is so strong that they’re afraid to bring us on to explain ourselves,” says Silverman.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Portion of Massachusetts Avenue reopens after water main breakBy Julie Zauzmer December 12, 2014 Follow @JulieZauzmer
TRAFFIC ALERT. #Bethesda water main break Mass Ave CLOSED at Westmoreland Circle pic.twitter.com/eFFZFMpSnm
— Charlie Bragale (@charlienbc) December 12, 2014
This post has been updated.
The southbound lanes of Massachusetts Avenue have reopened following a water main break just outside the District boundary.
Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission spokesman Jerry Irvine said that the 12-inch main broke sometime after 3:45 p.m. WSSC said crews would work overnight to repair the main.
There are approximately 60 homes without water, WSSC reported.
Montgomery County police had initially said Massachusetts Avenue was closed from Duvall Drive to the traffic circle where Montgomery County and the District meet.
Julie Zauzmer is a local news reporter.

Clark fined $22 050 for illegal hit vs. RamsBy Liz Clarke December 12, 2014 Follow @lizclarketweet
Redskins free safety Ryan Clark (25) walks off the field after the Washington Redskins gave up a touchdown during the third quarter of the game between the Washington Redskins and the Indianapolis Colts. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
Washington Redskins free safety Ryan Clark has been fined $22,050 for his hit on a defensive player in Sunday’s 24-0 loss to the St. Louis Rams.
Clark leveled tight end Jared Cook on a third-and-1 at Washington’s 48 on the Rams’ first drive of the game. Cook left the game to be evaluated for a possible concussion but later returned.
The hit drew a 16-yard penalty, advancing the Rams to Washington’s 32, the spot where the hit occurred. But the Rams came away with nothing on the drive, forced to punt after back-to-back penalties of their own knocked them out of field-goal range.
Clark, 35, earned a reputation as one of the NFL’s hardest hitters earlier in his career with the Pittsburgh Steelers. In 2011 alone he was fined twice for illegal hits: $15,000 for an out-of-bounds hit on Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski and $40,000 for a helmet-to-helmet collision with Baltimore tight end Ed Dickson.
With the NFL clamping down on defensive backs in recent years, Clark, a 13-year veteran and member of the top-ranked defense that helped Pittsburgh to the 2008 season’s Super Bowl championship, has consciously lowered his shoulder on hits and steered clear of trouble, for the most part.
But it is a fine line, as he explained in a July interview with The Washington Post: “You’re supposed to play this game with reckless abandon. I think when you don’t play it full speed, when you don’t play it as physical as you could possibly play it, you leave yourself at a disadvantage. You put yourself in harm’s way.”
Clark was third on the Redskins with 10 tackles, two for a loss, against the Rams on Sunday.
Washington defensive end Frank Kearse was also fined Friday, docked $8,268 for a facemask penalty on Rams quarterback Shaun Hill.
More from The Post:

The epic Bollywood love story thats still playing after 1 000 weeksBy Swati Sharma December 12, 2014 Follow @swatigauri
A love story about a rich, spoiled playboy and a strong-willed, goody two-shoes is the longest-running film in Indian cinema. The movie is still playing in a single-screen theater, Maratha Mandir Cinema, in Mumbai, 1000 weeks after its release, and often to a sold-out crowd.
"Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge" (or fondly called "DDLJ") has kept its place as one of the most popular Bollywood films of all time. And countless filmmakers have tried to recreate the lasting power of this film, and it is routinely referenced, spoofed and revered.
The plot is simple -- a young, feisty woman from an Indian immigrant family in London goes on a trip with her friends before she is married off and has to move to India. During her travels, she meets an outgoing, charming man. They fall in love, though they both realize it only after they have parted ways. The film then moves from the European countryside to a village in Punjab, where the woman is to be married to another man. The hero arrives, and instead of eloping with the woman, woos her family and convinces them of their union.
It's fairly typical love story, a genre in which Bollywood excels. But certain things about this particular saga has led to its 19-years-and-counting run.
For one, unlike earlier Romeo-and-Juliet stories that pitted the lovers against the world, "DDLJ" did the opposite. Instead of revolting against the parents-know-best tradition, they tried to convince the woman's family that making individual decisions isn't a bad thing.
"DDLJ" also tackled something very few Indian movies had done in the past: It addressed the Indian immigrant experience in a realistic manner, and challenged the characterizations of immigrant Indians.
In many earlier Bollywood movies, non-resident Indians were either portrayed as young, wealthy expats who returned from Britain or the United States with cool sunglasses, or as villains who smoke, drank and scoffed at Indian culture and traditions.
In "DDLJ," the two protagonists, who were brought up in London are well-mannered and respectful of Indian culture. And the antagonist isn't the foreign-raised rich kid but an Indian-born misogynist.
The father of the female protagonist, while living in a nation thousands of miles away, is steadfast in his devotion to his Indian roots. He sees his daughter marrying someone of her choice as a clear violation of what he considers to be Indian values -- that parents choose a spouse for their children, and that children obey and respect their parents' wishes.
In the end, he lets his daughter marry the man of her choice. The takeaway is clear: being Indian isn't defined by where you live, and that valuing family traditions isn't trumped by individualism.
Disappointed moviegoers are seen next to a board announcing 'full house' for a screening of the popular Bollywood Hindi film "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge" (Indranil Mukherjee/AFP/Getty Images)
And there's more. There was a new level of authenticity in "DDLJ." While there were the dances in the rain and shots of a fancy Lamborghini, the movie did not have excessive displays of jewelry, designer clothes and beautiful people that usually fills films that feature the rich.
The two main stars had average looks that made them seem approachable. Neither Shah Rukh Khan nor Kajol, the actors who portray the main protagonists Raj and Simran, looked like models or were particularly "dreamy." They were certainly attractive, but did not have the six-pack abs and glamorous beauty of many other Bollywood actors. Kajol has a unibrow she refuses to get rid of  .
Of course, this was a Bollywood movie made almost 20 years ago, and Indian films have progressed much since then. There are some regressive views of a woman's virtue and other issues that may not have made the film successful today, such as the fact that neither character held jobs.
But "DDLJ" does drive one thing home: It challenges old, patriarchal norms and redefines what it means to be Indian, which is not about where you live or whom you marry, but about valuing your family.
Clearly, 19 years later, that message still resonates.
Swati Sharma is a digital editor for World and National Security and previously worked at the Boston Globe.

Why Americas middle class is lostWhy America’s middle class is lost
Why America’s middle class is lost
The middle class took America to the moon. Then something went horribly wrong.
Graphic by Darla Cameron, Ted Mellnik
Produced by Emily Yount, Dwuan June
Published on December 12, 2014
DOWNEY, CALIF. — One day in 1967, Bob Thompson sprayed foam on a hunk of metal in a cavernous factory south of Los Angeles. And then another day, not too long after, he sat at a long wood bar with a black-and-white television hanging over it, and he watched that hunk of metal land a man on the moon.
On July 20, 1969 — the day of the landing — Thompson sipped his Budweiser and thought about all the people who had ever stared at that moon. Kings and queens and Jesus Christ himself. He marveled at how when it came time to reach it, the job started in Downey. The bartender wept.
On a warm day, almost a half-century later, Thompson curled his mouth beneath a white beard and talked about the bar that fell to make way for a freeway, the space-age factory that closed down and the town that is still waiting for its next great economic rocket, its new starship to the middle class.
They’ve waited more than a decade in Downey. They’ve tried all the usual tricks to bring good-paying jobs back to the 77-acre plot of dirt where once stood a factory that made moon rockets and, later, space shuttles. Nothing brought back the good jobs.
ABOUT THIS SERIES:
Liftoff & Letdown: The American middle class is floundering, and it has been for decades. The Post examines the mystery of what’s gone wrong, and shows what the country must focus on to get the economy working for everyone again.
Chapter 6: What went wrong, and how to fix it
Those jobs aren’t coming back. Not at the old North American Rockwell plant, and not in thousands of similarly socked towns.
Yes, the stock market is soaring, the unemployment rate is finally retreating after the Great Recession and the economy added 321,000 jobs last month. But all that growth has done nothing to boost pay for the typical American worker. Average wages haven’t risen over the last year, after adjusting for inflation. Real household median income is still lower than it was when the recession ended.
Make no mistake: The American middle class is in trouble.
That trouble started decades ago, well before the 2008 financial crisis, and it is rooted in shifts far more complicated than the simple tax-and-spend debates that dominate economic policymaking in Washington.
It used to be that when the U.S. economy grew, workers up and down the economic ladder saw their incomes increase, too. But over the past 25 years, the economy has grown 83 percent, after adjusting for inflation — and the typical family’s income hasn’t budged. In that time, corporate profits doubled as a share of the economy. Workers today produce nearly twice as many goods and services per hour on the job as they did in 1989, but as a group, they get less of the nation’s economic pie. In 81 percent of America’s counties, the median income is lower today than it was 15 years ago.
In this new reality, a smaller share of Americans enjoy the fruits of an expanding economy. This isn’t a fluke of the past few years — it’s woven into the very structure of the economy. And even though Republicans and Democrats keep promising to help the middle class reclaim the prosperity it grew accustomed to after World War II, their prescriptions aren’t working.
From the Great Depression through the 1980s, American recessions and recoveries followed a pattern: Employers shed jobs when the economy turned south but added them back quickly once it recovered. That changed in the early 1990s and worsened through the 2000s. Jobs came back more slowly, if at all. Even before the 2008 crisis, the 2000s were on track to be the weakest decade for job creation since the Labor Department started tracking the statistics. The great mystery is: What happened? Why did the economy stop boosting ordinary Americans in the way it once did?
The answer is complicated, and it’s the reason why tax cuts, stimulus spending and rock-bottom interest rates haven’t jolted the middle class back to its postwar prosperity.
Downey illustrates the nation’s struggle to resurrect that shared prosperity, and it reminds us what the economy has lost.
Today, Bob Thompson’s rise to the middle class sounds like something from an old movie.
He graduated from Downey High School, served a tour in the Army and returned to his home town to work odd jobs. The Rockwell plant loomed nearby, on a former orchard plot where town leaders once hoped to build Dodger Stadium. Thompson remembers the day the plant hired him — Aug. 4, 1965 — and his starting pay at his union job — $2.59 an hour — which was nearly double the minimum wage in California at the time. The week he got the job, Thompson drove down to Bill’s TV Shop and bought a new Quasar console, the first color set of his life, for $300. He was filling out the credit application when the salesclerk in the store asked where he worked. The plant, Thompson told him. The clerk waved away the paperwork. He knew he’d be good for the money. “I thought I was a king,” Thompson said.
He started off running blueprints from one end of the factory to the other. Then he worked his way up to plastics fabricator, foam sprayer, shipper of replacement parts between plants. Sometimes when the economy dipped or contracts dried up, he lost his job; the company always found him maintenance work or something else to help him get by until times improved and he got back to the plant. When he retired from the company in 2007, Thompson was making $24.95 an hour. He draws a sweeter pension than almost any worker starting out today could hope to receive.
The former NASA industrial plant in Downey, Calif.                                                                            (Library of Congress)
Thompson’s rise mirrored the plant’s, which mirrored Downey’s, which mirrored Southern California’s, which mirrored America’s. North American won the Apollo contract in 1961 and ramped up to 25,000 workers, including production grunts, accountants and engineers. A lot of them bought houses in Downey, big adobe split-levels with lush green lawns. The easiest way to tell an assembly worker’s house from the top manager’s was to watch how often the Cadillac in the driveway gave way to a new one. When Rockwell won another huge contract, for the space shuttle in 1972, one of the top engineers handed the keys to his pickup truck to a younger worker. He told him to fill the bed with ice and champagne. Then he told another man to call a local restaurant and inform them that Rockwell would be taking the place over for at least the next 24 hours.
By 1990, there were nearly 200,000 aerospace workers in Los Angeles County alone, and the local median income had risen almost 20 percent since 1970, after adjusting for inflation. Then things cratered. The Cold War ended, and defense cuts starved the industry. More than half the county’s aerospace workers lost their jobs over the next decade, and when they found new ones, they weren’t nearly as good. The county’s median income fell more than 10 percent — and stayed there. The Rockwell plant shed workers steadily, was bought by Boeing and eventually closed in 1999. Thompson was lucky to find work at a different Rockwell site in Southern California; Downey was unluckily left with several hundred thousand square feet of factory space and a 25,000-job hole in its economy. The city manager vowed that not just anything would take its place. Downey would hold out for companies that paid people well enough to buy houses in town.
Scenes from the vacated former North American Rockwell plant in Downey, Calif.
While Downey waited, the U.S. economy hurtled into a new and unwelcome frontier of its own. Jobs were slow to appear after the 1990 recession ended, even when growth sped up. The late-’90s tech bubble brought a shower of jobs and wealth, but when the bubble burst, all the gains were wiped out — except the ones for the wealthiest people in the country. The same was true for the housing bubble of the 2000s.
The first decade of the 21st century produced two recessions and two “jobless recoveries,” and when it was over, the vast majority of Americans found themselves no better off than they were a quarter-century ago. Median income kept falling for several years, even after the Great Recession ended.
That was especially true in Downey, where city leaders tried and failed, again and again, to lure good-paying jobs to the cavernous old Rockwell plant. They were going to make electric golf carts and they were going to build houses and shops, but both fell through. They briefly filmed some blockbuster movies, but the studio went bust and never employed many locals anyway. By 2010, the only people working in the former plant were a pair of historians, cataloguing its aerospace past.
Photo Gallery: The take-off and descent of a former space hub
Almost a half-century after the moon landing, the town where the job started is waiting for its next great economic rocket.
View Photos
Finally, the wait appeared to be over. On May 20, 2010, Downey’s leaders huddled before a special afternoon city council meeting. They were set to approve a deal with Tesla, the pioneering electric car company, to manufacture its roadsters in the old Rockwell plant. They’d secured a multimillion-dollar federal loan to overhaul the equipment and become the lowest-emission car factory in the world. They’d drafted a 143-page lease. They’d reached what they believed was an oral agreement with Tesla Chairman Elon Musk. They would announce the deal in a news conference the next day. The new plant would move in next to a shopping center with a Best Buy, a space museum and a new state-of-the-art Kaiser hospital. It was going to bring a couple of thousand jobs.
Then the phone rang.
A wire service reporter in Sacramento said Tesla was planning a news conference that afternoon in Northern California. It was going to build its cars there instead. The company promised wages would start at $16 an hour, plus benefits.
Downey would need to wait some more.
This is America’s story, too: It has waited decades for middle-class jobs to come back, through a loop cycle of political bickering, to no avail.
In Downey, city officials had finally waited long enough. They bulldozed their old economic engine. A developer crushed the Rockwell factory and left it in piles. Construction has begun on a second shopping mall. The mall will create a thousand or so jobs, but they almost certainly won’t pay anything close to what Bob Thompson made starting out at Rockwell.
In Downey today, “we have a lot of restaurants,” Thompson said. “There’s a lot of minimum wage. People take those jobs.”
Thompson now runs the Downey Historical Society, a dimly lit relic stuffed with space memorabilia. He sat in his office, amid model rockets and black-and-white posters of prop planes, next to a playground called Apollo Park. His wistfulness faded, and he turned, instead, to hope — hope that his country would reclaim its past glory, if not economically then at least astronomically.
I believe, he said, that Americans will walk on Mars someday.
He’s just not sure how they’ll get there.
An earlier version of this story misnamed one of the items made at the Rockwell plant. They made moon rockets, not moon landers. This version has been corrected.
Credits

See how income has changed in your countyOr click the map to zoom in
The fracking boom lifted western North Dakota
Many populous East Coast cities peaked 25 years ago
The â€˜90s were a prosperous time for most of the nation
,
The inflation-adjusted median household income in , , peaked in at $.
,
There isn't enough data to determine the highest median wage in CTY, ST.
Here's how it compares to the U.S.
Note: Counties in gray do not have enough data to determine the highest median wage. All income amounts are estimates of median household income from the U.S. Census or from the Census Bureau's American Community Survey. Year-to-year differences may be within the margin of error for the estimates.
SOURCES: U.S. Census and American Community Survey. Amounts in 2013 dollars.
Editorâ€™s picks

A former space hub s takeoff and descentCapitals top Blackhawks, 3-2, in Winter Classic
Skip Ad
×
Caption
Almost a half-century after the moon landing, the town where the job started is waiting for its next great economic rocket.
  An Apollo test module sits on the site of the Columbia Memorial Space Center in Downey, Calif., on land that was once part of the old North American Rockwell plant, where the Apollo modules and space shuttles were built. Bonnie Jo Mount/The Washington Post

The middle class took us to the moon and backLiftoff & Letdown: The middle class took us to the moon and back
Please enable flash to watch this video.
Your browser does not currently support live streaming video.
- The economy boomed in Downey, Calif., back when Bob Thompson helped build Apollo 11 in the 1960s at North American Aviation. But after a couple of mergers, the Downey plant closed in 1999, leaving thousands unemployed and many local businesses shuttered. ()
RELATED LINKS
{{ link.title }}
- The economy boomed in Downey, Calif., back when Bob Thompson helped build Apollo 11 in the 1960s at North American Aviation. But after a couple of mergers, the Downey plant closed in 1999, leaving thousands unemployed and many local businesses shuttered. ()
Liftoff & Letdown: The middle class took us to the moon and back (3:16)
Playlist Liftoff & Letdown

What Jamie Dimon lost when he won on the government spending billBy Tom Hamburger and Steven Mufson December 12, 2014 Follow @thamburger Follow @StevenMufson
JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon at the Business Roundtable Headquarters in Washington on Dec. 3. Dimon has lobbied lawmakers for changes to the Dodd-Frank financial oversight regulations. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)
Wall Street’s biggest banks squeezed out a victory this week when the House narrowly approved a spending bill with provisions  that would weaken a section of the Dodd-Frank financial regulations. But the win came at a high cost for the banks -- in spending down their political capital and inflaming public opinion.
In fact, the apparent losers in the legislative debate – such as Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) and Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.,) –  sounded like winners on Friday.
“I think we broke through,” Waters, the ranking member of the House Financial Services Committee, said in an interview Friday afternoon. Both legislators made fiery speeches before the vote, saying the change was a favor to powerful banking interests such as J.P. Morgan Chase and CitiGroup that put taxpayers at risk.
“Under the cover of ‘must pass’ legislation, big bank lobbyists are hoping that Congress will allow Wall Street to once again gamble with taxpayer money – by reversing a provision that prohibits banks from using taxpayer-insured funds, bank deposits, to engage in derivatives trading activity,” Waters said on the House floor. Derivative trades are basically a bet on the future value of things, such as commodities. For example, major airlines use derivatives to hedge against future price changes for jet fuel, as a way to keep ticket prices stable. Most of these transactions carry little risk.
But before the 2008 financial crisis, Wall Street firms used more complicated derivative formulas to place risky bets on the mortgage market. Their excesses nearly brought down the financial system. Dodd-Frank was intended to curb that behavior. Banks have pushed for exceptions to the regulations so they can once again use their deposits to underwrite some more complex derivative trades. Those deposits are often backed by federal insurance, which means taxpayers are on the hook for any risk.
The new language would effectively repeal portions of the “push-out” provision of Dodd-Frank, which requires banks to push some derivatives trading into separate units that do not have access to federal deposit insurance.
On Friday, Waters and her staff made plans to get together with allies on the left to discuss how to “better educate the public about what is at stake” in the debate over financial regulations, which will likely expand next year.
Among bank lobbyists, there was a similar discussion Friday. Several banking industry advocates interviewed by The Post said they expressed concern about the rapidly mobilized opposition to banking interests that developed on the left and the right this week.
In addition to labor and consumer groups sounding the alarm, some conservative opinion leaders also objected to the language added to the spending bill.
Some bankers objected that they were portrayed as being opposed to Dodd-Frank and other regulations -- and they called for new talking points for 2015.
“We are not advocating the repeal of Dodd Frank, but it is being portrayed that way,” said Francis Creighton, chief lobbyist for the Financial Services Roundtable, which has pushed for years for the change. “We want to make it clear that we (the industry) want Dodd Frank to work better so it will better serve our customers - and their constituents.” That message was embraced by lobbyists for other banks and trade associations.
On Friday, the chief of public affairs for Citi, Ed Skyler, wrote in a blog post that  “Citi has been and remains a strong supporter of financial reform, and specifically of Dodd-Frank. While most of Dodd-Frank was well considered and has strengthened our financial system,” a couple of sections including the one addressed in the House spending bill were problematic, Skyler wrote.
Going forward, bank lobbyists said they would present the argument for revisions in regulatory law as one that will help consumers and the economy, not necessarily the banks.
But opponents, such as Simon Johnson, former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund and a professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management, said changes in rules governing derivatives are all about profits for the big banks.
"There is a lot of money at stake," Johnson said.  Banking executives "want to be able to take big risks where they get the upside and the taxpayer gets the potential downside," he said.
The White House sought to deflect the torrent of criticism over the amendment to Dodd-Frank, reasserting that the administration was opposed to the change but willing to accept it as one of the compromises that went into the omnibus spending bill.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest noted that the Obama administration had earlier opposed an identical stand-alone measure that won veto-proof support in the House of Representatives, including 70 Democrats, 13 more than those who voted for the omnibus bill. “This is the essence of compromise,” Earnest said, adding that “on balance the president is pleased.”
“This is a difference over tactics not over principle,” Earnest said. “The president has opposed this provision for a number of years and opposes it now.”
A senior administration official said the change was not crippling to financial oversight. "We wouldn’t argue on the substance that this is a trivial or meaningless thing by any stretch of the imagination,” the official said, but added that it was not “one of the core foundational components” of Dodd-Frank.
He said that Dodd-Frank had made derivative trading more transparent and thus easier to regulate. He said that the omnibus bill’s sharp increase in funding for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission would give the regulator “a lot more juice” and make oversight more effective. Moreover, the senior administration official said, under the existing Dodd-Frank rules, about 90 percent of current derivative trades would be considered legitimate hedging and thus could remain on the books of insured banks.
The official said that other parts of Dodd-Frank also provided stronger capital requirements and other measures to reduce overall risk in the financial system.
Tom Hamburger covers the intersection of money and politics for The Washington Post.
Steven Mufson covers the White House. Since joining The Post, he has covered economics, China, foreign policy and energy.

The Levy Breaks: Democrats Rage Against Obama Over Wall Street GiveawayThe Levee Breaks: Democrats Rage Against Obama Over Wall Street Giveaway
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Less than a month after Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) landed a new Senate leadership position, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) and President Barack Obama risked a fight with her over government subsidies for risky Wall Street derivatives trading.
They won the near-term policy fight: After a bruising bicameral battle, the House of Representatives narrowly approved an annual spending bill that granted taxpayer support for the risky financial contracts at the heart of the 2008 meltdown.
But the bitter feud left Reid and Obama politically embarrassed, while consolidating a burgeoning populist movement within the Democratic Party that highlighted Warren's influence in wings of the Capitol far removed from her perch on the Senate Banking Committee. It also forced Obama and a host of Democratic leaders into the crosshairs of a critique Warren typically levels at Republicans: that powerful people in Washington are rigging the system to help Wall Street at the expense of the middle class.
Hours after declaring White House support for the package, Obama was forced to send Chief of Staff Denis McDonough to the Hill to round up votes -- a public admission that the president's party wasn't taking marching orders from him. By the end of the night, Obama, House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), and Jamie Dimon , the CEO of the nation's largest bank, JPMorgan Chase, were all whipping members to support the package -- a tremendously damaging scenario for Obama's stature with the Democratic electoral base. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and her allies, meanwhile, played the role of underdog, digging in for a Tim Howard-esque performance that emboldened progressives, even in defeat.
"I'm proud that I voted no," Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.), co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, told HuffPost. "The fight was clearly good for morale."
Democrats were unhappy with several aspects of the funding bill. The legislation cuts Pell Grant funding for low-income college students, legalizes benefit cuts for pensioners who used to work for the government, attempts to curb access to abortion, and defunds the legalization of marijuana in the District of Columbia.
Those are all familiar issues for political junkies. And as with most political issues, you probably could predict how a card-carrying Democrat almost anywhere in the country would feel about them.
But House Democrats didn't fight on the obvious stuff. They made their stand on a complex Wall Street regulation that most of the Beltway political media had never heard of before Warren started holding press conferences on Tuesday.
And the same week, a host of Senate Democrats voiced their opposition to Obama Treasury nominee Antonio Weiss -- a Wall Street merger expert who helped orchestrate the Burger King deal with Canadian restaurant chain Tim Horton's that would help Burger King duck U.S. taxes. Warren has been campaigning against the Weiss nomination, arguing that elite financiers already exercise too much influence over the administration's economic policy decisions.
The banking slugfest isn't a run-of-the-mill policy dispute for Democrats. The central policy struggle within the Democratic Party over the last four years has been about its relationship with Wall Street. President Bill Clinton made nice with the financial industry by slashing capital gains taxes, shattering the Glass-Steagall separation between traditional lending and risky securities trading and, of course, deregulating derivatives. And for years, the party was happy to take Wall Street campaign cash and use it to implement other policy priorities.
The financial crisis of 2008 changed all of that (it also created the tea party and empowered the GOP's anti-crony capitalist movement). The wreckage the Great Recession inflicted on American families -- particularly Democratic constituencies like the young, the poor and people of color -- forced many to question the price of their faustian bargain.
Obama's generally Wall Street-friendly economic team and the necessities of campaign finance politics in the Citizens United era obscured the unrest for a long time. Well into 2014, a common tactic for otherwise hardline progressives was to go easy on big banks. As HuffPost reported this summer in a joint project with The New Republic, even left-wing stalwarts like Rep. Gwen Moore (D-Wis.) were routinely partnering with big banks to roll back parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law.
Those days appear to be gone. Moore was whipping "no" votes with Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) late into Thursday evening in an impromptu war room Waters set up in her own office. Leading members of both the Congressional Black Caucus and the Congressional Progressive Caucus crammed for space, making calls and counting votes.
"We agreed with the Leader and Rep. Waters," said Moore spokesman Eric Harris. "We had a very large presence in a very crowded room."
Both Harris and Ellison cited broad discontent with the bill. But Ellison emphasized that many members might have signed off on GOP cuts to Democratic programs if they were better than what his caucus could expect next year under a Republican-controlled Senate and a broader House GOP majority. But they weren't willing to subsidize Wall Street in the same package.
"The last election, the problem is that voters believe we're all in on this cabal together, and nobody's thinking about their families," Ellison said. "The minimum wage is winning all over the country at state and municipal levels but Democrats still got shellacked in the midterms. People have separated Dems from the minimum wage. [Members of Congress] won't let [themselves] be painted in a way that is pro-Wall Street and anti-middle class."
Warren's influence over the fight obscures her office's initial fumbling of the issue. After HuffPost first reported last week that the swaps issue was taking a central role in talks, Sens. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) and Carl Levin (D-Mich.) organized a letter to Reid and Boehner objecting to the provision, and Sens. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.) and Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) signed on. Noticeably absent: Warren, Brown's Banking Committee colleague.
The swaps provision was still included in the package by Tuesday, and when Warren jumped into the fray, progressive bedlam broke out within the House caucus.
"The two people who led us most clearly were two great women, Maxine Waters and Sen. Elizabeth Warren," Ellison said. "They had a lot of support."
Pelosi gave Waters political cover by decrying the White House position on the House floor -- she called it Wall Street "blackmail" -- but the main whip effort was actually a Waters operation, with help from Warren. Pelosi did not formally demand that her caucus vote against the spending package, opting instead for the softer organizational route of publicly trashing Obama and the bill while allowing her colleagues to vote as they chose.
They almost pulled off an upset, but Waters said the joint efforts of Obama and Dimon peeled off enough of her supporters to pass the bill.
"I think we got hurt when Jamie Dimon and the president started to whip," Waters told reporters Thursday night , according to The Hill. "That's when I think we lost some votes."
Also on HuffPost:

Huawei launches Ascend P7 at Rs 24 799Search teams battle weather in hunt for AirAsia QZ8501 wreck; 30 bodies recovered
Huawei has launched its Ascend P7 smartphone in India at a price of Rs 24,799. The Ascend P7 has a 5-inch Full HD display and is powered by a 2500 mAh battery. It runs on a 1.8 GHz quad-core Kirin 910T CPU with 2GB RAM and 16GB internal memory which is expandable up to 32GB.
The Ascend P7 runs on Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system with Emotion UI 2.3. The smartphone mounts a 13MP rear-facing BSI camera with DSLR Level ISP and an 8MP front camera. Ascend P7 supports 4G LTE Cat4 supporting FDD band 3 that Indian operators are expected to launch during 2015.
Specs:
1.8 GHz quad-core Kirin 910T CPU
Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system
2GB RAM
16GB internal memory, expandable up to 32GB
13MP rear-facing BSI camera and 8MP front camera
2500 mAh battery
Post Comments
More from industry

Plastic bottles have direct impact on heart healthPhysical inactivity can damage blood vessels
People who regularly drink from cans and plastic bottles may want to reconsider: A new study shows that a common chemical in the containers can seep into beverages and raise blood pressure within a few hours.
The research raises new concerns about the chemical bisphenol A, or BPA, which is widely found in plastic bottles, plastic packaging and the linings of food and beverage cans. Chronic exposure to BPA, as it is commonly known, has been associated with heart disease, cancer and other health problems. But the new study is among the first to show that a single exposure to the chemical can have a direct and fairly immediate impact on cardiovascular health.
The study found that when people drank soy milk from a can, the levels of BPA in their urine rose dramatically within two hours — and so did their blood pressure. But on days when they drank the same beverage from glass bottles, which don’t use BPA linings, there was no significant change in their BPA levels or blood pressure.
The findings suggest that for people who drink from multiple cans or plastic bottles every day, the repeated exposure over time could contribute to hypertension, said Dr Karin B Michels, an expert on BPA.
Dr Michels said the design of the new study was impressive and its findings “concerning”. “I think this is a very interesting and important study that adds to the concern about bisphenol A,” said Dr Michels, an associate professor at Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women’s Hospital. “It raises a lot of questions. We have such a high rate of hypertension in this country, which has risen, and we haven’t really thought of bisphenol A and its use in cans as one of the causes of that.”
The chemical is an endocrine disrupter that can mimic estrogen. In 2012, the Food and Drug Administration said BPA could no longer be used in baby bottles and children’s drinking cups. Canadian regulators formally declared BPA a toxic substance in 2010 and banned it from all children’s products.
Not everyone is convinced that BPA poses a risk to consumers. The American Chemistry Council, an industry trade group, has said BPA is safe and has opposed federal and state legislative proposals to ban it.
Much of the evidence against BPA comes from large population studies rather than controlled clinical trials. A number have linked high urinary levels of BPA to a greater risk of hypertension and heart and peripheral artery disease. But those studies simply show correlations, and do not provide evidence that BPA is the cause.
The latest study, published in Hypertension, a journal of the American Heart Association, was a randomised controlled trial. The authors, a team from Seoul National University’s department of preventive medicine in Korea, recruited 60 older subjects, most of whom were women, and assigned them to drink soy milk from cans or glass bottles on three separate occasions, weeks apart. A majority had no history of high blood pressure, though some did.
The researchers chose soy milk because it does not have any properties that are known to increase blood pressure. And unlike soda, fruit juice and other acidic beverages, which are more likely to leach BPA from containers, soy milk is considered fairly neutral.
When the subjects drank from glass bottles, the study found, their urinary BPA levels remained fairly low. But within two hours of drinking from a can, their levels of BPA were about 16 times higher. As BPA levels rose, so too did systolic blood pressure readings — on average by about five millimetre of mercury.
In general, every 20 millimetre increase in systolic blood pressure doubles the risk of cardiovascular disease.
BPA is known to block certain estrogen receptors that are thought responsible for repairing blood vessels and controlling blood pressure. It may also affect blood pressure indirectly by disrupting thyroid hormone.
“Clinicians and patients — particularly hypertension or cardiovascular disease patients – should be aware of the potential clinical problems for blood pressure elevation when consuming canned food and beverages,” said Dr Yun-Chul Hong, an author of the study and director of Institute of Environmental Medicine at Seoul National University.
– Anahad O’Connor
Post Comments
More from health

Spice up your diet to care for the heartPhysical inactivity can damage blood vessels
Spices were some of the most valuable items of trade in the ancient and medieval world as they have been a part of healing remedies for centuries. Recently, modern medicine has begun to study the powers of spices and validates several useful properties. Some are found to be useful for the heart.
Coriander Seeds
Coriander seeds are rich in two main compounds linaloon and decanoic acid. It has a long been known or its cholesterol lowering and blood sugar lowering effects. For therapeutic benefits, a teaspoon or two of coriander seeds soaked overnight and consumed the next morning seems to be useful in dealing with heart disease and diabetes.
Turmeric
Turmeric or haldi, often referred as Indian Gold, is well known as a spice and medicine in Siddha and Ayurveda. The benefits for heart health arise from curcumin, an active principle which has several properties including anti-oxidant, anti-clotting, anti-inflammatory and anti-proliferative.
Black pepper
Piperine, a major active component in both black and white pepper has numerous reported physiological and drug-like actions. Several scientific studies provide evidence that black pepper has cholesterol lowering properties and may help in cardiac function recovery after heart attacks. A word of caution; piperine can strengthen or modify the effects of numerous other medicines.
Cinnamon
Circulatory stimulant effects of cinnamon have been reported in several books on medicinal plants and Ayurveda. It helps in reduction of total and bad cholesterol (LDL) and helps increase good cholesterol (HDL). It also helps to improve insulin resistance, thereby making it useful in diabetes management. While cinnamon too is integral to the spice box, added benefit can be obtained by making a decoction and consuming it like tea.
Fenugreek seeds
Fenugreek seeds or methi have been used extensively for extracts and powders for medicinal uses since ancient times and have been described in Greek, Latin and Ayurvedic literature. Fenugreek seed powder has been known to lower levels of serum lipids such as total cholesterol and triglycerides.
Black cumin seeds
Black cumin seeds, also known as kalonji or black caraway, should not be confused with the herb cumin. A recent study (2009) revealed that black cumin seeds have a diversified effect on lipid profile. It was found to have a significant impact in lowering total and bad cholesterol. Presence of phytosterols further strengthens its benefits.
Ginger
Ginger traditionally has been used in Chinese, Ayurvedic and Yunani medicines. It is well known for its use in ailments such as sore throats, cramps, pains, arthritis, indigestion, vomiting and high blood pressure. The bioactive compounds in ginger include gingerol, which is believed to relax blood vessels, stimulate blood flow and relieve pain. Ginger is also a good anti-inflammatory agent.
Garlic
Hippocrates, the Father of Modern Medicine, and the first Indian physician Charak, the Father of Ayurvedic medicine, said garlic acts as a heart tonic by maintaining the fluidity of blood and strengthening the heart. Allicin, a sulfur-containing compound is one of the key components of garlic. It is known for its cholesterol lowering, anti-clotting and blood pressure-lowering properties.
Post Comments
More from health

Antibiotics may not raise asthma riskPhysical inactivity can damage blood vessels
Studies have suggested that antibiotic use in pregnancy and childhood may increase the risk for asthma, but a large Swedish study has found strong evidence that there is no such connection.
Researchers followed 493,785 children, including 180,894 siblings, from the start of their mothers’ pregnancies to school age. More than 20 per cent had been exposed to antibiotics in utero and 62 per cent during childhood. Over all, 6 per cent had asthma. The study initially found an apparent link between antibiotic use and later asthma, but the association disappeared when researchers looked at siblings.
They found no difference in asthma development between siblings who had taken antibiotics and those who had not, suggesting that other environmental or genetic factors are at work. Asthma, they write, may be misdiagnosed as a respiratory disease and then treated with antibiotics.
When asthma later appears, the antibiotics are incorrectly identified as the cause. Researchers also found no association between asthma and antibiotics given for urinary tract or skin infections.
Post Comments
More from health

Column: Restructuring FCI realisticallyShould mobile VoIP services be charged extra?
The disappearance of FCI rice stock worth R10,000 crore ($1.6 billion), of approximately 6 million tonnes (mt)—from four eastern states, Bihar, Odisha, Jharkhand, and Chhattisgarh—reported by FE (goo.gl/hjKcIB) is symptomatic of the inherent malaise of the procurement by the FCI and state government agencies (SGAs) and the public distribution system (PDS). Leakages in the PDS are almost warranted, given the procurement is at Minimum Support Price (MSP), which is above the market price, and the sale is made at subsidised prices, much below the retail rates. In this specific instance, which is just the tip of the iceberg, merely “visible and known” losses can be inferred. What about the disappearances that have remained unexplained, or have gone unreported, since the inception of the PDS in 1965?
There are also “invisible” losses that are not readily detected during bulk procurement and distribution. For example, the over-weighing of bags with impermissible foreign matter (stones, grass, dust, mud, threads, rags, pins), which means purportedly carrying 50 kg may contain net grains of 48-49 kg or less; sacks of grains that don’t conform to the prescribed quality parameters, like a higher-than-permitted broken-grain percentage or damaged and discoloured cereals; packages reflecting excess weight when “moisture weight” is induced by spraying water on bags. There are thousands of arthiyas, commission agents and surveyors involved as intermediaries in this system.
When bulk cargo is moved by rail or road, shortage under the head of torn or missing bags can be amplified for justifying illegal diversion. Grains weighing nearly 3 mt are being stored in CAP (cover and plinth) storages, or ‘roofless warehousing’, with plinth below, and plastic sheets above. Chapter 5 of the CAG report on FCI (published May 7, 2013), on “internal controls”, mentions that the actual audit coverage against what was planned was between 67-85% during 2006-2012.
There is no single-point accountability for availability of grains due to the involvement of multiple agencies, the report notes. Since official procurement has far exceeded the requirements under PDS, wastage/losses/disappearance has also shot up. Thus, the existence of “more” phantom stocks, i.e., a gap between paper stocks and physical stocks, cannot be ruled out.
The PDS has a leakage of 40-45%. Thus, the nominal efficiency of this model is 55-60%. But adjusted against handling and carrying costs and other administrative expenses, the economic efficiency could fall to even 30%. Against the average economic cost of R24,000/mt ($387) for wheat and rice, and about 60 mt of annual procurement, the budgeted estimate is R1.44 lakh crore ($23 billion) while the expenses and losses are up to 70%, or R1 lakh crore  ($16 billion)!
The government order of August 20, 2014, on the setting up of a High Level Committee (HLC) for restructuring of FCI reads, “FCI is plagued today with several functional and cost inefficiencies, which need to be removed for efficient management of food grains and saving costs.” That is a very candid admission of the messy situation that the management of the public stockholding of grains is in. The concept of PDS has run out its utility. If farmers and consumers, after 50 years of ‘price-support’, are not deemed well-off, then a new arrangement has to be put in place in a phased manner before an ‘income-support’ system is fully operationalised.
What needs to be done for rice? The commonly-held view, that farmers will be deprived of MSP if PDS model is disbanded, is devoid of facts. The accompanying chart reveals that only 8% of the farmers are beneficiaries of this system. If 92% of India’s farmers can dispose of their produce in open market what is the rationale behind the retention of such a discriminatory arrangement?
The National Food Authority (NFA), in Philippines, and the Bulog, in Indonesia, also undertake procurement, storage and distribution of rice in their respective countries, but they do not deal with purchase and processing of paddy. They deal in rice alone. Thailand dealt with paddy in the last three years and has landed itself in a near-irretrievable mess.
The FCI & SGAs have a dual policy for rice procurement—25% levy rice for all states, except Punjab and Haryana, where FCI/official agencies pay farmers for procurement of paddy at MSP and stocks are stored with rice millers under the Custom Milling of Rice (CMR) agreement. As of  January 1, 2014, about 23 mt of paddy (equivalent to 15 mt of milled rice) was held by millers alone, costing around R31,000 crore ($5 billion) at an MSP of R13,450/mt ($217). There is an extended lifting period of rice from the millers.
Millers act as the Bailee of state agencies —having possession but not ownership of paddy. Since long-term stocking of paddy is challenging—they dispose of paddy or milled rice in market and replenish FCI when demanded, by purchasing it back from the market. This amounts to unchecked misuse of official funding/leakages/breach of trust and unreasonable enrichment.
The remedy is that FCI should limit itself to procurement of ‘milled rice’ and dispense with dealing in paddy. A fresh/revised Custom Milling of Rice agreement should be issued, with a list of approved millers or guidelines for approval of the same, with the responsibility of funding and procurement of paddy resting on the millers. The current procedure of distribution to beneficiaries at subsidised prices may continue.
Thus, the official agencies will remain insulated from the paddy operations and the resultant bungling/diversion-to-open-market; double-handling will cease, transportation cost will be economised. This reform will mean the restructuring of nearly 50% of FCI operations.
Vested groups will cry wolf—saying that farmers will realise only below-MSP rates from millers under the new CMR arrangement. To offset such a situation, the government can vest with itself the power of intervention, as is the case with maize and cotton.
As for wheat, unless the concept of polypropylene or gunny bags is dispensed with and bulk-handling, with seamless rail connectivity, linked to steel silos is initiated, there cannot be any real reform with respect to pilferages and shortages. For lower procurement by FCI  and SGAs, the government may upgrade some selective specifications, so that general-purpose wheat is automatically diverted to the market. But that may be a bitter pill to swallow politically. The author is grains-trade expert
Post Comments
More from fecolumnist

The CIA and torture: Breaking the rules© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bfa9ada4-81e6-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese mystery of vanishing foreign bridesChinese mystery of vanishing foreign brides
Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d7242cc-81e9-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Myanmar violence fuels human traffickingJanuary 14, 2013 2:00 pm
Myanmar violence fuels human trafficking
By Gwen Robinson in Bangkok
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f5cebda4-5e28-11e2-8780-00144feab49a.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Guangdong ramps up anti-prostitution push© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/849c7df0-0693-11e4-8c0e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China clean-up for world leaders hits growth© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d9a6cb8-81e0-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China growth to slow in third quarter© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bc90880e-55e5-11e4-a3c9-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Small-cap Week  December 13© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7c749d0-824b-11e4-ace7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Facebook s Mark Zuckerberg doesn t love the idea of a  dislike  buttonFacebook’s Mark Zuckerberg doesn’t love the idea of a ‘dislike’ button
By: AFP |        San Francisco |  December 13, 2014 10:55 am
Post Comments
Summary
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg wants people to be able to quickly express broader ranges of feelings but a ‘dislike’ button doesn’t make the cut.
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg expresses concern that 'like' and 'dislike' buttons could turn into a voting system to judge posts.
Other Articles
Search teams battle weather in hunt for AirAsia QZ8501 wreck; 30 bodies recovered
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg wants people to be able to quickly express broader ranges of feelings at the leading online social network, but a “dislike” button doesn’t make the cut.
During a question-and-answer session with an audience at the Facebook headquarters in Northern California, available online yesterday, Zuckerberg gave a thumbs-down to the idea of a button to register disdain for posts at the social network.
“That’s not something that we think is good for the world,” Zuckerberg said, expressing concern that “like” and “dislike” buttons could turn into a voting system to judge posts.
“The thing that I think is very valuable is that there are more sentiments that people want to express.”
While Facebook’s well-known thumbs-up “like” buttons let people easily show support or enthusiasm for posts, some folks think the sentiment seems off-target for somber subjects such as news of death or other sadness in the lives of friends.
“We are talking about a right way for people to easily express a broader array of emotions,” Zuckerberg said, giving examples such as empathy, surprise, or laughter.
No changes along those lines were on the immediate horizon.
“We need to figure out the right way to do it so that it is a force for good and not a force for bad in demeaning the posts that people are putting out there.”
Facebook would also risk irking advertisers by giving members a quick way to tag marketing messages with “dislikes,” according to analysts.
Zuckerberg noted that Facebook members are free to comment on posts, but can wind up feeling pressured to be witty or insightful.
Post Comments
More from industry

Binge Watching  Is Reaching Epidemic Proportionsreddit
We are becoming a nation of blue-faced zombies, hunkered down in front of our screens and watching our stories.
Fifty-percent of adults now identify as binge-viewers, meaning they're watching multiple episodes of a TV show back-to-back, according to a new study of 1,000 adults with pay TV subscriptions released by accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers. The percentage was even higher for those under 35.
More than half of survey respondents admitted they binged more frequently in 2014 than they did last year, and 60 percent said they string three or more episodes together at least once a month. More than half of millennials say they do so daily or weekly.
Netflix popularized binge watching, a fact the company is proud of , but it's not just Netflix fueling this trend. The survey notes that an explosion of quality drama on cable, Netflix and other streaming sites is driving more viewership.
Sixty-one percent of those surveyed agreed with the statement, "there are too many shows to watch, and not enough time to watch them."
"They are binge-viewing just to keep up," Matt Lieberman, director of PwC’s entertainment, media and communications practice, told The Huffington Post in an emailed statement.
Binge watchers are also big proponents of the second-screen: Sixty-two percent of the people surveyed use their mobile phones while they're watching TV.
Viewers are also turning to multiple outlets just to access the shows they want, according to Lieberman. If you want to power through "The Good Wife," for instance, you might need a Hulu Plus subscription because it's not available on Netflix. If you're looking for "Orange is the New Black," on the other hand, you need Netflix. In other words, people are willing to pay extra to access as many shows as possible, even if they're overwhelmed by the choices.
"We heard stories of consumers filling up their DVRs with their favorite series and also starting/stopping online subscription services just to get to their favorite content," Lieberman said.
Responses to PwC's recent survey indicate that more and more cable subscribers are also signing up for Netflix subscriptions.
As Netflix subscriptions rise -- the service saw a 20 percent increase in paid U.S. subscriptions this year -- pay TV's subscriptions are falling. PwC notes that there was a 6 percent drop in cable subscriptions in 2014 for those under the age of 35. Middle-aged folks, 35-49 years-old, didn't cut the cord, though. And there was about a 1 percent uptick in subscriptions for those between 50 and 59 years old.
Though they're not rapidly cutting the cord now, respondents to the PwC survey indicated they're interested in jumping ship down the line: Only 42 percent expect that they'll have cable TV service in 10 years.
The future of cable according to the PwC survey.
More:

Russia outraged over US move to arm Ukraine  more sanctionsRussia outraged over US move to arm Ukraine, more sanctions
PTI
Tweet
Moscow, Dec 13:  
Russia has expressed outrage at the US Senate’s approval of a bill to potentially provide lethal military aid to Ukraine in its fight against Kremlin-backed separatists, and to impose fresh sanctions on Moscow.
Moscow compared the legislation to a notorious Cold War-era provision and said it could poison bilateral ties and hinder cooperation on issues of global importance such as security.
“The openly confrontational nature of the Ukraine Freedom Support Act approved by both houses of the US Congress without debate and proper voting cannot cause anything but deep regret,” foreign ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich said in a statement.
US lawmakers have approved new economic sanctions against Russia, dealing a new blow to the country’s struggling economy.
The legislation also authorises — but does not legally require — US President Barack Obama to provide lethal and non-lethal military aid to Ukraine, including anti-tank weapons, ammunition and “tactical troop-operated surveillance drones“.
“A powerful bomb is being put under bilateral relations which is comparable to the notorious Jackson-Vanik amendment that was adopted in 1974 and stood in the way of cooperation for several decades,” Lukashevich said.
The Jackson-Vanik amendment, restricting trade privileges, was a Cold War-era provision aimed at putting pressure on the former Soviet Union and has come to symbolise festering antagonism between the Kremlin and Washington.
“We are under the impression that those in Washington, who just would not renounce old phobias, intend to turn back the clock,” Lukashevich said in the statement.
“It would seem that serious challenges to international security call on Russia and the US to join efforts,” he added.
“At the same time US legislators are following in the footsteps of the Barack Obama administration by showing great zeal in destroying the framework of cooperation.”
“We won’t give in to blackmail, won’t renounce our national interests and won’t allow meddling in our domestic affairs.”
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Senate Republican staffers face loss of fed-worker health coverageBy Eric Yoder December 12, 2014
WASHINGTON, DC – NOVEMBER 03: The afternoon sun hits the U.S. Capitol on the eve of the nation’s mid-term elections, November 3, 2014 in Washington, DC. On November 4, Americans will head to the polls to cast their vote in the mid-term elections with the control of the U.S. Senate in question. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
More Senate staff members stand to be forced out of the health plan for federal workers under a policy adopted Wednesday by Senate Republicans.
The Senate Republican Conference accepted a resolution from Sen. David Vitter (R-La.) to add to the number of Capitol Hill staff already made ineligible for the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program because of the Affordable Care Act.
The resolution makes it the policy of Senate Republicans to make staff members they employ ineligible for the FEHBP “regardless of whether they work in a member’s personal office, committee office, leadership office, the cloakroom or any other office.”
The resolution, which applies only to the Senate GOP, also challenged Democrats to adopt a similar policy.
“Republican senators made a strong, principled statement today in passing my resolution. Washington should have to live under Obamacare just like everybody else until we repeal it,” Vitter said in a statement.
Vitter and some other Republicans have been trying for months to expand what they consider the Obama administration’s overly narrow interpretation of a provision in the ACA. That clause required that once the health insurance exchanges launched in 2014, members of Congress and employees of their “official offices” would become ineligible for the FEHBP, presumably to enroll instead in an ACA plan.
Republicans succeeded in attaching that requirement to the law even though both chambers of Congress were in Democratic control at the time. Interpretation of that provision was one of many controversial aspects of the ACA rollout last fall, in part because the law did not define what positions are part of an “official office.” Nor did it address the employer contribution, which covers about 70 percent of the total cost of FEHBP premiums.
The Office of Personnel Management proposed rules in August 2013 stating that members of Congress should designate the status of their staff positions annually for the following year, that OPM would not question those decisions, and that the employer contribution would continue for those moving to exchange plans. The final version made the employer contribution payable only for those enrolling in a specific ACA option offered in the District and further specified that those forced out of the FEHBP could return to it when they retired, so long as they met standard requirements.
Luke Bolar, Vitter’s communications director, said the intent of the resolution is to apply the law’s provision to employees of committees, leadership offices and other operations directly under the control of a Republican senator or the party—while excluding employees of Capitol Hill’s nonpartisan support operations.
Bolar said that the current policy has been applied unevenly, with some committee employees who work under the control of a chairman or ranking minority member being kept in the FEHBP and others deemed ineligible.
It is difficult to say how many Hill employees had to leave the FEHBP as of this year because “there’s no mechanism that you have to disclose this,” he added. Vitter also has introduced a bill to require such disclosure.
According to an April report from the Brookings Institution, there were 913 Senate committee staff members and 214 leadership staff as of 2009, the most recent year for those figures. Committee jobs are allotted roughly in proportion to the number of senators in each party, meaning Republicans will control slightly above half of them in the upcoming Congress.
The policy “is going to have an impact on morale, recruitment and efficiency” of affected employees, said Bradford Fitch, president and CEO of the Congressional Management Foundation , a nonpartisan group that works with Congress to improve its operations.
“When Congress is not treated like a governmental entity it’s not in the best interests of Congress or the American people,” he said. “These are federal employees and they’re not being treated like federal employees.”
Last fall the potential loss of FEHBP eligibility, particularly to keep it in retirement, was a main concern  among Capitol Hill employees. While the foundation has no data on how many Capitol Hill employees left for other jobs or retired before the end of the year because of it, that did happen in at least some cases, Fitch said.
“They were being kicked around like a political football and didn’t appreciate it,” he said.
However, he added, the foundation also has been told of Hill staffers who are happier with their ACA coverage than they were with the FEHBP, largely because of lower premiums.
The Senate GOP policy likely would not apply until 2016, at least in most cases, under the OPM rules. They specify that eligibility designations must be made by each November for the following year, and that a designation covers the “duration of the year during which the staff member works for the Member of Congress.”
Those forced out of FEHBP are free to get insurance through sources other than the exchanges. That includes family enrollment in the FEHBP as the spouse of someone who is eligible, as are almost all other federal workers.
The annual open season in which federal employees can choose health plans for the upcoming year ended Monday.

Weekly: Markets falter on global growth concerns  oil prices woesWeekly: Markets falter on global growth concerns, oil prices woes
Indrani Mazumdar | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 09:05 PM IST
Markets showed no signs of respite, as they trended lower through the week, amid a drastic fall in the rupee, sell-off in Chinese shares and decline in crude oil prices. The market logged declines in four out of five trading sessions in the week.
In the week to December 12, the 30-share Sensex ended 3.89 per cent lower,  or 1,107.42 points at 27,351, while the 50-share Nifty ended down 3.68 per cent or 314.20 points at 8,224.
Following the duo’s slide, the BSE Mid-Cap Index slumped 389.69 points or 3.71 per cent to end at 10,108.60 and the BSE Small-Cap Index shed 406.21 points or 3.54 per cent to close at 11,068.48.
Foreign institutional investors were net buyers in Indian equities worth Rs 3,084 crore for the week, as per provisional stock exchange data.
Key events that shaped the week
A sharp rise in gold imports and a fall in export growth pushed India's current account deficit (CAD) to 2.1 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) in the financial year’s second quarter, ending September, compared to 1.2 per cent of GDP for July-September 2013.
China’s economy slowed in November as factory shutdowns exacerbated weaker demand, raising pressure on the central bank to add further stimulus.
The rupee posted its biggest weekly fall in over four months on Friday, tracking the steep decline in local shares and broad dollar strength as the drop in crude oil prices raised concerns about the global economy.
Brent crude slipped to $62 a barrel and earlier hit a low of $61.35-the lowest since July 22, 2009 on concerns over the double whammy of a global supply glut and weak demand.
Stocks
The BSE Oil & Gas Index was the top loser among the sectoral indices during the week down 7.2 per cent followed by oil & gas, realty, metal, power and IT indices.
Oil and gas shares reeled under pressure after global crude oil prices fell to a five-year-low on concerns about supply glut. Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) , Reliance  Industries (RIL) and GAIL shed between 7-10 per cent.
Shares of metal companies fell up to 13 per cent on China slowdown fears. Sesa Sterlite, Tata Steel and Hindalco lost between 6-13 per cent.
IT major Infosys lost 6.31 per cent after company's founders N R Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, K Dinesh and S D Shibulal, along with their families sold a total 3.26 crore shares of the company in bulk deals on the NSE.
Wipro fell 5.98 per cent after Wipro Inc Benefit Trust sold 18.10 lakh shares of Wipro during at an average market price of Rs 552.43 per share.
TCS, India’s largest information technology services player, is learnt to be undergoing a restructuring exercise and was down 4.76 per cent at the end of the week.
Financials declined across the exchange. ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, State Bank of India and the HDFC twins declined between one and four per cent.
On the flip side, Coal India ended up 2.5 per cent after it requested the government to re-allot the two coal blocks in Odisha, which it had lost following the Supreme Court’s order to cancel allocation of 214 coal blocks.
Sun Pharma gained 2.5 per cent after CCI approved the proposed merger between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy, which will result in a combined entity with annual sales worth $4.3 billion, making it the fifth-largest generic drug maker globally.
ITC gained one per cent and has become the second-most valuable Indian company, surpassing refineries giants ONGC and RIL in overall m-cap ranking.
Week ahead
Wholesale Price Index (WPI) inflation data for November, the third instalment of corporate advance tax due December 15 and developments in the winter session of Parliament will be in focus.
Outcome of the FOMC monetary policy review, snap election in Japan and Greece’s presidential elections, the movement of rupee against the dollar, and crude oil price movement will dictate near term trend on the bourses.
Further, markets will react to the weak October industrial production, which contracted 4.2 per cent despite the festive season.

Shah Rukh  Kajol celebrate 1000 weeks of  Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayengeentertainment
Shah Rukh, Kajol celebrate 1000 weeks of ‘Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge’
Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol celebrated 1000 weeks of their evergreen hit ‘Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge’ at the box office on Friday (December12). The couple attended a press meet at Yash Raj Studios, followed by a visit to Maratha Mandir, where the film has been running since its release. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Shah Rukh was dapper in a dark suit as he waved to fans on his arrival at Maratha Mandir. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
SRK and Kajol, who played Raj and Simran in the film, relived some of their romantic moments from the love story. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Shah Rukh does his signature pose, which Kajol surely finds hard to resist. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
“It’s been 20 years for this film and I feel honoured that I was part of this film. It’s been 100 years of Indian cinema and I would say one-fifth belongs to ‘DDLJ’,” said Shah Rukh Khan. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
The beautiful Kajol made a spectacular entry in a black lace and satin Hema Kaul gown. The actress, who is nursing a leg injury, required a crutch. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol looked beautiful together as they took the stage. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
The charming actor, who played Raj in ‘DDLJ’, had his co-star Kajol in splits. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Shah Rukh also took to Twitter to thank Kajol. “Respect for my friend coactor & absolutely real Kajol. May her life & family be as happy as she is always. DDLJ is all Simran & I thank her,” posted SRK. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Kajol also shared videos from the film on Twitter with the caption, “Re-living #DDLJ! Absolute nostalgia!!!” (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
You can always trust Shah Rukh to keep things interesting! (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Shah Rukh wooes Kajol, even after all these years! (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Shah Rukh Khan plays the perfect co-star as he supports Kajol who was leaning on her crutch as she enjoyed a laugh. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Fans thronged to catch a glimpse of their onscreen couple. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Shah Rukh Khan reaches out to his fans. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Skip this Advertisement

Missing in Rajasthan  addressing rally in DelhiWritten by Aniruddha Ghosal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 3:37 am
While the police in Ganganagar, Rajasthan, have been unable to find its MP, Union Minister Nihal Chand Meghwal, to deliver a court summon, Meghwal showed up at Kalyanpuri in the national capital for a BJP rally. “My address in 17, Teen Murti Marg. Anyone can find me there, night and day,” declared Meghwal at the rally.
While the controversy over Meghwal going “missing” was put to rest after he sent his lawyer to represent him in court, the police in Ganganagar had told the court a summon could not be served at Meghwal’s Rai Singh Nagar residence because he shifted to New Delhi and the new address was not known to the police. Nihal Chand, the lone MP from the Rajhasthan to get a berth in Narendra Modi Cabinet, is accused of sexually exploiting a 20-year-old woman.
At Kalyanpuri, Meghwal focused his energies on criticising AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal. “Kejriwal betrayed the people of Delhi. He said if he comes into power, he will put Sheila Dikshit in jail. Instead, he took support from the Congress. The people of Delhi will punish him for his betrayal,” he said. He also made references to Bhagat Singh.
In a speech that was studded with repeated praise for PM Narendra Modi, Meghwal counted BJP’s achievements since coming into power. “BJP keeps its word. We brought down inflation and fuel prices are going down. We will inaugurate a university here on December 14,” he said.
He also promised that with the BJP in power, India would return to its former status of being the “vishwa-guru”  and “sone ki chidiya” (golden bird).

Give An Artist Snowshoes  And She ll Draw A Giant Masterpiece In The Snowreddit
Sonja Hinrichsen is a snow artist. It's not her official title -- she conducts a lot of art interventions in nature, and pursues photography and good ol' fashioned ink drawings. But her snow drawings are nestled rightfully at the top of her artist website, revealing what happens when a professional artist gets her hands on snowshoes, and walks for hours to channel the wonders of land art.
The sprawling designs appear like abstract crop circles, or whatever beautiful landscape would result from Kandinsky taking an afternoon to track circles in the snow. Hinrichsen creates her stunning temporary works mostly in Colorado, with trips to New York and the French Alps, too. They can take up to a few days to complete, with the help of 50 or 60 volunteers. From an airplane, we imagine these masterpieces turn a mountain into something akin to a twirling work of street art.
"Snow Drawings started out of play, during an artist residency in the Colorado Rockies in the winter of 2009," Hinrichsen explained to HuffPost. "I had brought snowshoes -- mainly so I could go hiking in the mountains, and not get stuck in waist-deep snow. However, there were these amazing stretches of pristine snow, no footprints, not even animal tracks, as the snow was so deep. So I started walking into them and making all kinds of little patterns. I didn't think of it as an arts project at all, it was just for fun. At some point I took my camera with me to photograph the patterns -- and that's when it became interesting."
For Hinrichsen, open landscapes and frozen lakes make the most ideal spaces for snow drawings. Some designs are based on the natural surroundings. A 2014 work in Colorado, for example, channels the spirit of the Yampa River, in which volunteers walked across a lake wearing snowshoes to pay tribute to the "moods of water." Most involve concentric circles; ethereal echoes that seem to reach up and out beyond our atmosphere.
"My environmental interventions are temporary," she added, "especially the snow drawings. They are there only until the snow melts or the next snow storm -- in some cases, they even disappear due to snow drifts that simply fill in the tracks with fine snow. Sometimes they are there barely long enough for me to be able to photograph them... Sometimes it feels like magic."
The pieces, she asserts, live on in the resulting photographs. "That's enough. I don't want to leave any traces in nature. I feel like this planet is so scarred already through human activity and I don't feel like I want to add more traces as an artist.   I never refer to my work as land art, but rather as 'interventions in the environment' -- if I have to name it."
You can see a preview of the wonder below.
Snow Drawings at Rabbit Ears Pass, Colorado, 2012. "Snow Drawings at Rabbit Ears Pass was created with a group of community volunteers from Steamboat Springs and Hayden, Colorado, on two weekends in January/February 2012 – to both sides of the highway leading that leads across the mountain pass."
Snow Drawings, Hayden, Colorado, January 2011. "These Snow Drawings were created at Carpenter Ranch near Hayden/Steamboat Springs in Northern Colorado. Some of the drawings were on the frozen Yampa River, others on grazing lands close to the river. The large piece in the Yampa River bed took me several days – always coming back to continue where I had left ff the previous day. I was lucky to have clear weather and no snowfall during the days I was working on this piece."
Snow Drawings at Catamount Lake, Colorado, 2013. "Snow Drawings at Catamount Lake was created during the 3 days between Friday February 1st and Sunday February 3rd 2013 in a joint effort with over 60 volunteers from Steamboat Springs and vicinity, who helped me walk giant spiral patterns with snowshoes . Despite deep, heavy snow that made walking difficult and strenuous we managed to create a stunning art piece on the frozen snow-covered lake. I was greatly impressed of the piece that revealed itself when I flew over the lake the next morning to take photos."
Snow Drawings at Catamount Lake, Colorado, 2013
We Are The Water -- Snow Drawing project, Colorado, 2014. "This Snow Drawings piece was created with approximately 50 volunteer performers, who collaboratively recreated – in an abstracted sense – the original flow of the Yampa River and its 4 main tributaries within Routt County, CO. The river is now dammed and the valley is filled with water. In a 4-hour effort the groups of volunteers walked across the lake on snowshoes to create a pattern of a general stream as well as paying tribute to the moods of water, as its flow may be slow or fast, rough or smooth, straight or meandering, whirling in circles and racing down rapids. The piece was photographed from an airplane the day after the event."
We Are The Water -- Snow Drawing project, Colorado, 2014
Snow Drawings at Ooms Pond, NY, 2011. "Snow Drawings at Ooms Pond were created on a small frozen lake near Chatham, NY (Ooms Conservation Area). Local residents contributed their active help to the work on the lake on a weekend in January 2011. Other pieces were created on the lands of Millay Colony Artist Residency nearby."
Snow Drawings, Snowmass Village, Colorado 2009. "I created my first Snow Drawings during an Artist Residency in the Colorado Rocky Mountains in February/March/April 2009. They started out of play during snowshoe walks and gradually evolved into an arts project over the course of my 3-month artist residency."
Snow Drawings, Snowmass Village, Colorado 2009
More:

Testing times for India-Russia tieseconomy, business and finance
With 20 agreements worth billions of dollars signed in one day, Russian President Vladimir Putin’s visit to India was a productive one. The deals touched most of the fields India and Russia cooperate on, from oil, energy and infrastructure to military training, even as the two countries set a bilateral trade target of $30 billion between them by the year 2025. What is more, the opening of India’s rough-diamond procurement policy by Prime Minister Narendra Modi will mean Mumbai can dream of becoming a worldwide hub for the industry. Finally, President Putin’s offer of 12 nuclear reactors is the clearest and most welcome indicator yet that Russia does not share the concerns of other suppliers about India’s liability laws. However, there is no denying that the old lustre of the India-Russia friendship has dimmed somewhat, and many of the affirmations in the “Druzba-Dosti” joint statement of friendship they issued seem problematic. Even before his arrival in Delhi, President Putin’s decision to decline the offer to address a joint session of Parliament indicated that all is not well in the relationship. The problems seem evident: Russia has watched with displeasure as India has diversified its military imports, especially when it comes to helicopter and aircraft purchases.
The slide is not recent, and last year a senior Russian official had made the country’s displeasure clear when he demanded India treat Russia as an “old partner”, calling the decision to buy fighter aircraft and missiles from France, the U.S. and Israel “illogical and unfair”. For its part, India was outraged by the Russian decision to lift its embargo on defence sales to Pakistan, and the first-ever Russia-Pakistan framework agreement that was finalised last month. Given that India still maintains about 70 per cent of its defence inventory from Russian hardware, and is one of Russia’s biggest buyers, the unhappiness on both sides may not change the equations of dependence between them, but it must be addressed. In this context, it is significant that Mr. Modi said the relationship with Russia would remain India’s “closest relationship” and it would be the “most important defence partner”. It is increasingly important for New Delhi and Moscow to reassure each other in spheres other than the commercial ones of defence, energy and trade. Given Russia’s growing isolation from the West, and India’s growing closeness to the U.S. — President Barack Obama’s visit is coming up in January 2015 — their relationship is bound to be challenged in many ways. The U.S. State Department’s statement criticising the India-Russia deals gives a glimpse of those challenges already, and the assurance in Mr. Modi’s tweet will likely be tested further in the coming months: “Times have changed, our friendship has not...”

Parrikar: Govt planning to legalise arms representativesDefence Minister Manohar Parrikar
Panaji, Dec 13:  
Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said the Government is planning to legalise representatives of various foreign arms companies in the country, for speedy purchase of military hardware.
“We will allow company representatives. They will be middlemen. When I say middlemen it doesn’t mean commission agents or ‘dalals’. He will be a company representative in India,” Parrikar told PTI.
The Minister said the company representative can work on a fee basis. “He will be the information provider,” he added.
“Several times we require feedback and also someone who can get us information. There are some foreign companies which want to come to India... they can’t go on sending their people here,” Parrikar said.
He said the concept of legalising middlemen has not been given a final thought.
“I am throwing this idea open, it’s not a decision. This is loud thinking. Reactions and feedback is invited from the public,” he said.
The Minister said middlemen can be permitted to charge expenses from parent companies for representing them in the country.
Yesterday, Parrikar had said that a “clear-cut” policy will be unveiled next month on engaging representatives for arms purchases that will also provide for punitive action against firms found involved in kickbacks.
“We should be in a position to have a clear-cut policy by January on representatives and on blacklisting,” he had said, promising a raft of measures to ensure transparency and at the same time speeding up such purchases to modernise the armed forces.
Parrikar, who assumed charge of the Defence Ministry a month ago, said having representatives with a clear method of payment and fees was a better solution for the defence forces than delaying procurement procedures.
India’s military procurements have been dogged by long delays and allegations of graft and many defence experts had suggested legalising “agents” for speedy purchase of military hardware.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Do plunging oil prices signal slowing global economyDo plunging oil prices signal slowing global economy?
New York Times Dec 13, 2014, 04.14PM IST
Tags:
(The swoon in oil prices led…)
By Clifford Krauss and Stanley Reed
Oil prices continued their collapse Friday as evidence mounted that the frenzy of U.S. oil production would continue well into 2015 even while growth in global demand was declining.
The swoon in oil prices led to a steep decline in equities, with the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index closing lower by 1.6 percent, to 2,002.33, as investors feared that the declining energy demand meant that the global economy was slowing.
"People are scared that the drop in oil demand is the first leg down for the global economy that had been led by the growth in the emerging markets," said Nancy T. Schmitt, president of Taum Sauk Investments . "That growth has evaporated. The demand has gone away, and we are seeing it first with oil prices."
The global benchmark for crude approached $60 a barrel - down more than 3 percent on the day and roughly 45 percent since the summer. And the US benchmark continued its free fall as well, to below $58 a barrel, down around 4 percent. A day earlier, it sagged below $60 a barrel in the United States for the first time since 2009.
The new rout began Friday morning after the International Energy Agency, the organization based in Paris that advises industrial countries, cut its forecast for global demand for crude oil in 2015 by 230,000 barrels a day. The agency cited less oil consumption in countries that produce it like Russia and a weaker-than-expected global economy.
A trim of 230,000 barrels a day is minimal in a global market of about 93 million barrels a day. But the lower forecast, the fourth by the agency in the last five months, reinforced the sentiment that supply will most likely exceed demand substantially next year.
The Energy Department also issued a report later in the day predicting that US oil production would average 9.3 million barrels a day in 2015, 700,000 barrels more than this year. That is a small downward revision of production previously predicted by the department, but its report emphasized that "all the decrease in forecast production growth comes in the second half of 2015."
The department said that drilling activity in North Dakota, a main driver of the surging domestic oil production of recent years, has "not slowed, despite the significant decline in domestic crude oil prices since July 2014," according to the most recent data released by North Dakota regulators.
The result was a near capitulation in the market for oil.
"In the very short term prices can go lower; the market is weighted to very bearish sentiment," said Richard Mallinson, an analyst at Energy Aspects, a research firm based in London.
But even with the recent plunge, oil prices still have not approached the lows of recent decades. For example, oil briefly broke below $10 a barrel in 1986, which equates to about $21 today after adjusting for inflation .
At least in the short term, the declines are good news for American drivers about to take vacations or visit their families and friends for the holidays.
"Gas prices will continue to be in a free fall as long as crude oil is searching for a bottom," the AAA motor club reported Friday.
Nationally, the average price for a gallon of regular gasoline fell 2 cents on Friday to $2.60, 11 cents below its price a week ago, according to AAA. Drivers on average are paying $1.10 a gallon less than they paid on April 28, the high point for the year in gas prices.
"Many drivers are spending $15 to $30 less per trip to the gas station compared to what they paid during this year's highs," the motor club said.
New York is the only state in the continental United States with an average above $3 a gallon, the motor club said, but at $3.02, "the average should drop below that mark within a few days."
Analysts say a major cut in global production would be needed next year to avoid an inventory buildup and to stabilize falling prices. But the prospect of a supply cut was dashed last month when the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries declined to change its output ceilings at a meeting in Vienna .
A test of strength appears to be occurring among the Saudis and their equally prosperous Gulf allies, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates , and other producers like Venezuela and Iran, which can much less easily afford a long bout of low prices. Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and the UAE have about $1.5 trillion in financial assets among them, which is "plenty to meet their spending needs for the next few years," said Rachel Ziemba , an analyst at Roubini Global Economics in London.
At the same time, Venezuela, Nigeria and other producers are "going to have to cut back on spending," Ziemba said. Already, Venezuelan officials have said it may be necessary to call an emergency OPEC meeting if the price rout continues.
The Saudis and their allies argue that to cut production now to raise prices would be to subsidize competitors like the companies extracting oil from shale in the United States, which are responsible for recent big additions to world oil supplies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

WATCH: Soccer Player Struck By Lightning During MatchCameras were rolling the moment a soccer player in Peru was struck by lightning in the middle of a match.
Joao Contreras Fuentes, a 21-year-old player for Sport Aguila , a Peruvian soccer club, was on the field Tuesday during a semifinal match of the Copa Peru soccer tournament when the lightning bolt hit, the BBC reports.
In terrifying footage from the incident , the lightning bolt appears so quickly that only a puff of smoke is seen around Fuentes as the young man collapses to the ground. The U.K.'s Daily Mirror reports that the lightning strike also injured a nearby assistant referee, who can be seen in the footage getting up and staggering around before sinking back to the ground.
Fortunately, despite initial reports that Fuentes had died after the lightning strike , the Sport Aguila player is very much alive.
" It's a miracle that I survived the impact from a lightning strike," Fuentes told Peruvian newspaper Diaro Correo this week. "The doctors told me that I've had a lot of luck."
According to the BBC, both Fuentes and the assistant referee are in the hospital, recovering from their injuries .
More:

Bayer Fails to Block Generic Cancer Drug in Supreme CourtYou are here: Home Corporates
Bayer Fails to Block Generic Cancer Drug in Supreme Court
Reuters | Updated On: December 13, 2014 14:07 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
German drug maker Bayer has failed in a last-ditch attempt to block the sale of a cheap generic version of its cancer drug Nexavar in India, after the Supreme Court ruled against it on Friday.
The decision, which upholds earlier rulings, will be seen as a blow for global drug makers' efforts to hold on to exclusivity on high-price medicines in India.
Indian generics group Natco Pharma said the court had dismissed Bayer's challenge to a compulsory licence allowing it to sell a copycat version of the medicine, which is used to treat kidney and liver cancer.
Under a global Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights agreement, countries can issue compulsory licences on certain drugs that are deemed unaffordable to a large section of their populations.
But Bayer has been fighting this compulsory licence, arguing that it weakens the international patent system and endangers pharmaceutical research.
The German group said it was disappointed by the Supreme Court decision and its legal experts were evaluating the verdict. "We are analysing the order and will determine any future course of action afterwards," a spokesman said.
Natco was first given permission by the Indian patents office in 2012 to sell generic Nexavar at Rs 8,800 ($141) for a month's dose, a fraction of Bayer's price of Rs 280,000. Bayer challenged this decision in the long-running case.
Western pharmaceutical groups have a lengthy history of patent problems in India, which has a thriving generic drugs industry and a large population for whom patented drugs are unaffordable.
In a much higher profile case last year, Swiss drugmaker Novartis suffered another defeat in the Supreme Court when its attempt to win patent protection for its cancer drug Glivec was dismissed.
Indian courts have in recent years also revoked patents granted to other international drugmakers, including Pfizer, Roche and Merck.
($1 = 62.5150 rupees)

Virat Kohli almost guides India home at Adelaidesports
Virat Kohli almost guides India home at Adelaide
Australia declared on their overnight score of 295/5 as Indian openers walked in. Dhawan was given out unfairly and soon walked back to the pavilion. (Source: AP)
Nathan Lyon was soon brought into the attack provided that it was a fifth-day pitch. He soon extracted bounce and turn like he did in the first innings. (Source: AP)
Mitchell Johnson replaced Lyon in the middle overs but didn't get as much purchase from the pitch. (Source: AP)
India's Cheteshwar Pujara succumbed to a turning delivery from Lyon after playing some lovely square cuts and drives. (Source: AP)
Michael Clarke pulled his hamstring and walked off the pitch grimacing in pain. He announced in the post match presentation that he will take no further part in the series. (Source: AP)
Vijay was rock-solid and showed immense technique and composure, he would consider himself very unlucky to miss out on a century. (Source: AP)
In Clarke's absence veteran wicket-keeper Brad Haddin was asked to control things in the middle for the Aussies and did a fantastic job with the field placements and bowling changes.(Source: AP)
Nathan Lyon who used to roll pitches not far away from the main Adealide Oval was bowling one the spells of his career. (Source: AP)
The Monk Who gave away his wicket: Murali Vijay had shown patience, resilience and grit all along but once he was in the 90s he got a bit nervous and got out on 99.
The pair of Vijay and Virat put up a partnership of 185 runs which was the biggest one for India. (Source: AP)
Two hundreds in the match, that too in Australia. Take a bow Virat Kohli, handling the pressure of chasing a score, captaincy and the hostile bowling, Kohli has silenced his critics.  (Source: AP)
This picture will perhaps live on in the memory of fans and players for a long time. An opportunity to go one nil up and also win his first Test as captain. Virat played with confidence and was right in trying to put away a rare bad ball from Lyon, but he got the timing just a tad bit wrong and hit to straight to Mitch Marsh. (Source: AP)
Skip this Advertisement

ONGC declares interim dividend  notifies 3 discoveriesNew Delhi, December 13, 2014
Updated: December 14, 2014 18:14 IST
ONGC notifies 3 discoveries
oil and gas - downstream activities
State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), on Saturday, announced three new oil and gas discoveries in the Krishna Godavari Basin and Mumbai offshore, and said it would pay its shareholders an interim dividend of Rs.5 per share.
The ONGC board at is meeting on Friday, approved an interim dividend of 100 per cent, paying Rs.5 per equity share of Rs.5 each, the company said in a statement here on Saturday.
“The total payout on this account will be Rs.4,277.75 crore, out of which the government will receive Rs.2,948.08 crore on its shareholding. In addition, the dividend distribution tax of Rs.855.55 crore would also be paid,” it said.
ONGC said it has made three discoveries — one in the deepwater KG Basin off the east coast, second in the Mumbai offshore basin off the west coast and the third in the Cauvery basin in the southern onland part of the country.
In the KG Basin offshore, the company has made a significant gas discovery in its nomination deep water block, KG-OS-DW-III.
The discovery well GD-11-1 is located about 43 km to the South of the nearest coastal town of Odalarevu in Andhra Pradesh , was drilled down to a depth of 2,810 metres.
ONGC has already made five hydrocarbon bearing discoveries from the northward contiguous NELP-VI shallow water block of KG-OSN-2004/1 from a similar play and this discovery has opened up a large opportunity for further assessment of the prospectivity, the company said.
In Mumbai offshore, ONGC made a new pool discovery in the well WO-5-11 (WO-5-G), situated about 160 km west from the nearest coastline in Maharashtra.
On testing, the well flowed oil at the rate of around 1,500 barrels a day and gas at the rate of around 10,000 cubic metres a day through half inch bean.
In Cauvery Basin, ONGC has made a significant gas discovery in the well MD—5 in the NELP-IV block CY-ONN-2002/2.
This is the second hydrocarbon discovery in the block. The first discovery in this block was in October, 2012, when oil was discovered in the well Madanam-3.
The well MD-5 is located about 9 km towards east of Sirkhazi town in Nagapatinam district.
“The discovery is named as ‘Thirunagari Gas Discovery’ after the name of the nearby village,” the statement said, adding the well flowed gas at the rate of 61,800 cubic metres a day along with condensate at the rate of 9.6 cubic metres a day during testing.
“This discovery is envisaged to enhance the commercial viability of this block,” it added.

Seasonable this weekend  and warmer into next weekBy Ian Livingston December 13, 2014 Follow @islivingston
TODAY’S DAILY DIGIT
A somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 0 to 10.
7/10: A close to normal mid-December day. Wind (-1) and weekend (+1) cancel each other out.
EXPRESS FORECAST
Today: Variably cloudy, breezy. Highs: 43-50.
Tonight: Partly to mostly clear. Lows: 27-34.
Tomorrow: Mostly sunny, breezy. Highs: 46-53.
FORECAST IN DETAIL
Latest mid-Atlantic infrared satellite shows movement of clouds over past two hours. Refresh page to update.
I think the best news about the forecast may be the lack of storminess, plus the odds of seeing a good deal of sunshine. Both are rare commodities around here of late. No doubt the clouds and precipitation will be back in earnest at some point, so enjoy it while we’ve got it. A minor “December thaw” (though it really hasn’t been too frozen) is at hand.
Today (Saturday): Average highs are in the 40s across the area, 47 is normal for today at National Airport. That’s about what we get on this one. Not too bad really, as long a you’re dressed for that slow-to-budge offshore storm helping keep the winds up. I think we’ll see periods of good sunshine, but with a fast flow aloft I wouldn’t be surprised to see a cloudier period or two either. Highs are around 43 in the hills north and west to perhaps as high as the upper 40s in D.C., even around 50 if we’re lucky or you happen to be further south. Northwest winds blow around 10 to 15 mph, with gusts past 20 mph. Confidence : High
Tonight: Winds diminish a bit by evening as we lose the effect of meager daytime heating, which keeps the atmosphere well mixed while it’s ongoing. Skies are partly to mostly clear. A good time to gaze up at the sky, as the Geminid meteor shower is at peak in the post-midnight to pre-dawn period. If you do head out late (or is it early?), plan on temperatures in the upper 20s and lower 30s across the area. Winds probably slacken to around 5 mph, plus a higher gust or two. Confidence: High
For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock . Keep reading for the forecast through the weekend…
Tomorrow (Sunday): As CWG’s Camden Walker likes to say, this day lives up to its name. Sunshine rules, and temperatures tick up a notch. Unfortunately I don’t have news of the end of our run in with wind just yet, but we’ll manage. Those blasts of air blow out of the north around 10 to 15 mph. Afternoon highs range from the mid-40s north and west, to the near 50 or low 50s range around the city and southeast. Confidence: Medium-High
Tomorrow night: Plan on mostly clear and calm. A quiet end to a tranquil weather weekend. This once-chilled air mass is becoming a little stale, so lows are up compared to recent nights. It’s still cool though, since it is December of course. The typically colder suburbs may settle to around freezing, while much of the area makes the low-to-mid 30s. Maybe 37 in D.C. Confidence: Medium-High
Jefferson Memorial. (John Sonderman via Flickr )
A LOOK AHEAD
It’s sort of a shame we have to go back to work, because Monday might be the nicest day we’ve seen in a while. High pressure passes overhead and that means loads of sun and little in the way of wind. It’s not really a toasty air mass, but a bit above normal for the time of year. Highs should head toward the near 50 to mid-50s range. Get out the sunscreen! Or at least peel off a layer or two. Confidence: Medium-High
High pressure doesn’t choose to be a long-term guest and a low moving through the Great Lakes helps get an even milder flow going for a short time on Tuesday. Moisture is also on the increase, so temperatures may be slightly tempered by not maximizing any sun we can get this time of year. Even if clouds are numerous, highs heading into the low-and-mid 50s seem a good bet. Perhaps even higher. A risk of some light showers may increase during the afternoon or evening. Confidence: Medium
Ian Livingston is a forecaster/photographer and information lead for the Capital Weather Gang. By day, Ian is a defense and national security researcher at a D.C. think tank.

BSE Sensex logs worst week in 3 years  falls 1 107.42 ptsEarnings growth, policy, rate cut to shape market movement in 2015
In its biggest weekly loss in three years, the BSE benchmark Sensex extended its falling trend for the second consecutive week by plunging 1,107.42 points due to all-round selling pressure in view of declining crude prices and caution ahead of key macroeconomic data.
Shares of refinery, capital goods, realty, metal, power, IT and Teck sectors were the pacesetters in the decline.
Losses in RIL, ONGC and Gail India weighed on benchmark indices following fall in global oil prices.
A sustained drop in oil, which will hit margins of petroleum firms, is being seen as a sign of weakness in the global economy, traders said.
Strong US job growth that may prompt the Federal Reserve to speed up interest rate hikes in the world’s largest economy also weighed on the sentiments.
Market sentiments were also affected by a major development in which Infosys co-founders N R Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, K Dinesh and S D Shibulal sold a total 3.26 crore shares of the company in bulk deals on December 8.
Worries over the slowdown in capital inflows ahead of Christmas holidays also weighed on the market as on the last four days of the week FPIs were net sellers. They picked up shares worth Rs 4,984.53 crore (reflection of block deal of Infosys at NSE) but sold stocks worth Rs 1,743.75 crore in the last four days.
The Sensex resumed almost stable and touched a high of 28,454.85 before falling back to 27,320.05. It concluded at more-than six-week low of 27,350.68, disclosing a sharp fall of 1,107.42 points of 3.89 per cent — the worst weekly drop since December 2011.
It has dropped by 1,343.31 points or 4.68 per cent in the two weeks.
The CNX 50-share Nifty also dropped by 314.20 points or 3.68 per cent to end at 8,224.10.
Weak Chinese stocks after country’s securities clearing house tightened use of corporate bonds as collateral for short-term financing, fall in Germany’s export, political uncertainty in Greece and rout in oil prices also had a sentimental impact on the market.
“There was weakness across sectors, which was brought about by the global concerns. Markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations,” said Dipen Shah, Head- PCG Research, Kotak Securities.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said,”The Indian equity markets observed corrections on profit booking in the last trading week. The markets also witnessed some of the major blue chips breakdown such as RIL, ONGC, Gail India, BHEL, Hindalco, Infosys, TCS, Tata Power, NTPC, Tata Motors, Wipro, Bharti Airtel, HDFC and ICICI Bank. Some of them were affected due to the falling Crude Prices in the International Markets.”
“There were also some strong USD data which were observed last week. All the traders/investors were looking for the Inflation data which was scheduled yesterday after market hours and later came as a mixed, expecting that inflation data would be the lowest; this would certainly help the Indian Markets to grow in the coming week,” he added.
“The US Economy also has some of the important data release which is scheduled such as Core CPI and manufacturing index data which is expected to be mixed so this would also affect the Markets in the coming week. In the coming week we might expect some positive trend in the markets so CNX Nifty is expected to trade in the range of 8195 to 8300,” he further commented.
Rising gold imports widened current account deficit to USD 10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent, of GDP in July-September quarter of this fiscal, up from 1.2 per cent a year ago also the another factor behind selling of equity shares.
The Indian rupee fell to ten-month low levels of 62.50 against the greenback.
Meanwhile, retail inflation fell to 4.38 pct in November from 5.52 pct in October, a development that can strengthen the case for interest rate cut by the apex bank while Index of Industrial Production (IIP) dashed hopes of recovery and contracts 4.2 pct in October against a rise of 2.8 pct (revised) in September.
Overall, 27 scrips out of the 30-share Sensex pack ended lower while only Coal India (+2.63), ITC (+1.07) and Sun Pharma (+2.52) closed higher.
Major losers were Tata Steel (12.47 pct), SSLT (10.82 pct), Gail India (9.76 pct), BHEL (9.17 pct), ONGC (7.90 pct), RIL (7.74 pct), Wipro (6.55 pct), Infosys (6.31 pct), Hindalco (6.00 pct), NTPC (5.71 pct), Tata Power (5.66 pct), TCS (4.76 pct), Bajaj Auto (3.74 pct) and Axis Bank (3.07 pct).
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Oil&Gas tumbled by 7.26 pct followed by CG 7.23 pct, Realty 7.20 pct, Metal 5.91 pct, Power 5.71 pct, IT 5.16 pct, Teck 4.96 pct, CD 3.95 pct, Auto 3.49 pct and Bankex 2.36 pct.
Small-cap and Mid-cap Indices also fell by 3.54 pct and 3.71 per cent respectively due to heavy selling pressure from retail investors.
The total turnover at BSE and NSE dropped further to Rs 15,528.21 crores and Rs 87,203.08 crores during the week as as against the last weekend’s levels of Rs 18,072.01 crores and Rs 89,302.23 crs. (MORE) RSU VMP MKJ 12131513
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Islamic State twitter account handler arrestedUpdated: December 14, 2014 17:41 IST
Islamic State twitter account handler arrested
Staff Reporter
Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the handler of a pro-Islamic State twitter account @ShamiWitness. Photo: Special Arrangement
The Hindu
Building from where pro-IS operator Mehdi Masroor Biswas was arrested in Jalahalli, Bengaluru on Saturday. Photo: K. Murali Kumar
VIDEO
arrest
Mehdi Masroor Biswas has "confessed" he was handling the twitter account @ShamiWitness and he was particularly close to English-speaking IS terrorists, police said.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the handler of a pro-Islamic State twitter account @ShamiWitness, was apprehended from his one-room rented apartment in Jalahalli, Bengaluru early Saturday morning.
A press release from the Office of the Commissioner of Police (Bengaluru) said that the 24-year-old was from West Bengal and has been working as a manufacturing executive in a multinational company in Bengaluru since 2012.
“Mehdi Masroor Biswas has confessed to the fact that he was operating the @ShamiWitness Twitter account for the last many years. He got interested in the developments of Levantine region consisting of Turkey, Syria, Lebanon, Israel, Gaza strip, Egypt & Libya etc from 2003 onwards,” the press release said.
Mr. Biswas was an engineer by qualification. His parents and two elder sisters live in West Bengal. His father is a retired employee of WB State Electricity Board.
He used to work in his office during the day and was active on the internet late into the night. “He took a 60GB monthly internet connection and used to read all breaking news websites related to ISIS/ISIL. He had a following of more than 17,000 Twitter users and used to ferociously tweet by aggregating information and closely watching the developments of this region. He was particularly close to the English-speaking terrorists of ISIS and became a source of incitement and information for the new recruits trying to join ISIS/ISIL,” the press note said.
He hid his true identity, confident that would will never get revealed. His identity was exposed by Channel 4 and this information was passed on to Indian agencies. An FIR has been registered against Mr. Biswas under various provisions of IPC, Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and IT Act 2000. Investigations are being carried out by the Central Crime Bureau led by Deputy Commissioner Police (Crime).
Video: Experts say arrest a wake-up call
Video: Politicos react to the arrest

Rosie O Donnell Sells New York Penthouse for $9 Millionrosie o donnell sells new york penthouse for $9 million
Clarke fears for future after new injury setbackClarke fears for future after new injury setback
Reuters
Reuters Australia captain Michael Clarke
Dec 13:  
Australia captain Michael Clarke has raised the prospect that his cricket career could be over after injuring his hamstring in the opening test against India in Adelaide on Saturday.
Clarke said he intended to keep playing but the latest setback, which the 33-year-old said would force him to miss the remaining three tests of a series, had caused him to think about his future.
"There's a chance I may never play again," he told a news conference at Adelaide Oval.
"I hope that's not the case and I'll be doing everything in my power to get back out on the park, but I have to be realistic as well."
Clarke did not finish the match, which ended with Australia securing a thrilling 48-run victory, after he hurt himself on the final day.
He was sent for scans for the second time in a matter of days when he injured himself while fielding in the second session, pulling up sharply after feeling the hamstring go when reaching down to stop a ball.
He limped off with the assistance of the Australian team physiotherapist and said later the early prognosis was not good.
"The scans are not great, they certainly showed a tear there," Clarke said.
"The experts are looking at them and I can pretty confidently say that I won't take part in this test series."
Clarke has been troubled by hamstring and back issues since he was a teenager but the problem has only worsened in recent months.
GUTSY CENTURY
He almost missed the first test because of a recurring hamstring problem and suffered a painful back injury while batting in the first innings.
He retired hurt but recommenced his innings the next day, scoring a century, only to suffer another problem on Saturday.
"I did my left hamstring (previously). I've done my right side of my back, I've just done my right hammy... I've got injury concerns at the moment," Clarke said.
"Now I've got to go back and do what the experts tell me, to give myself my best chance of being fully fit.
"But I think I have to be honest with myself and have a good hard think about things, definitely."
With Clarke ruling himself out of the second test starting in Brisbane next week, Australia selectors called up middle-order batsman Shaun Marsh to a squad that will be led once more by wicketkeeper and vice-captain Brad Haddin.
Left-arm paceman Mitchell Starc was also added with the starting 11 to finalised next week. The third starts in Melbourne on Dec. 26 then the last is in Sydney from Jan. 6.
The main goal for Clarke though is the 50-over World Cup, which Australia is co-hosting with New Zealand in February and March next year.
"I want to be playing in Brisbane, every game I miss for Australia is heartbreaking," he said.
"Our first (World Cup) practice game is eight weeks away.
"I'd love to take part in the tri-series, I'd love to take part in the World Cup but I just have to wait and see.
"Hopefully I'll get another opportunity to play again this summer."
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty and moreHoroscope: By Peter Vidal
Today ( 02 Jan )This Week ( 28 Dec - 03 Jan )
SAGITTARIUS The theme for the day is hard work, loyalty and the willingness to fulfil obligations. If you continue to bide your time and remain above the fray, you are bound to end up with your reputation and… read more
 

India arrests man over pro-Isis tweetsDecember 13, 2014 10:59 am
India arrests man over pro-Isis tweets
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/808d77b0-82b6-11e4-9d5f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fitch Retains Stable Outlook on Power Sector in 2015You are here: Home Industries
Fitch Retains Stable Outlook on Power Sector in 2015
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 13, 2014 16:59 (IST)
What PM, Raghuram Rajan Will Discuss With Top Bankers in Pune
Mumbai: Rating agency Fitch on Friday retained its stable outlook on India's power sector in 2015 but warned producers and grid operators will continue to face challenges by way of high capex levels and fuel shortages leading to negative free cash flow in the medium term.
The sector faces lower profitability and possible uptick in acquisitions in the generation segment. However, rating outlook remains stable for the next year as the sector continues to have strong operating cash flows and healthy balance sheets, the rating agency said in a report.
"We believe high capex needs of most of the rated utilities will be balanced by their steady operating cash flow," it said, adding, "We see liquidity remaining fairly strong despite some negative implications for certain issuers from regulatory developments and therefore retain our stable outlook."
While the new tariff order passed in 2014 will have some negative implications for state-run power producer NTPC, there is regulatory certainty on rates until FY19, it added.
The industry is likely to expand capacity by 15-18 GW in 2015 despite fuel supply shortages, but plant load factor (PLF) will be low, the rating outfit maintained.
Fitch expects further consolidation in 2015, with stronger power generation companies looking to acquire smaller, distressed generation assets and coal upstream entities to improve vertical integration and fuel security.
It noted that NTPC is looking at acquiring private power plants under construction, including distressed assets, apart from buying stakes in coal mines abroad as global coal prices are low.
There is also the possibility of merger for NHPC as the government is considering bringing together smaller state-owned hydle power firms under NHPC.
The report said credit profile of the industry remains steady with net leverage likely to peak over the next couple of years but warned NTPC and PowerGrid will continue to face regulatory issues until FY19.
On the capex front, it said investments will remain high, driven largely by capacity growth.
Noting that the sector is hit by non-availability of fuel, it said fuel supply for coal-fired plants (which account for around 60 per cent of capacity) will continue to remain a challenge in the New Year.
Coal-based plant load factors have been constantly falling to 65.6 per cent in FY14 from 70.1 per cent in FY13.
Fitch said India's gas production is also unlikely to rise in 2015 and gas power PLFs, which fell to 36 per cent in FY14 from 56 per cent in FY13, should remain stressed.
Story first published on: December 13, 2014 11:45 (IST)

Fed Debate Seen Shifting From  Lift-Off  to Long March to NormalMeeting Fiscal Deficit Target of 4.1% Looks Challenging: Nomura
Washington: For the Federal Reserve, deciding when to raise rates for the first time in nearly a decade has become the easy part.
The harder call, and one increasingly preoccupying US central bankers, is how fast to move after that, navigating stuttering global growth and nervous markets on the Fed's long journey back to pre-crisis policies.
Betting on the "lift-off" of rates from near-zero has become less of a gamble, particularly after an exceptionally strong jobs report last Friday. After months of wavering as the global economy appeared to weaken, investors have pegged that first rate rise to the middle of next year, and seem to have accepted that the US economy can go its own way.
Recent conversations with Fed policymakers, staff and economists point to an internal debate shifting from the first rate move to the pace of increases thereafter. Stagnant inflation has become less of a concern in light of continued improvement in labor markets. Barring a serious shock, policymakers have indicated they will press ahead with liftoff in coming months, then move cautiously to ensure they do not stifle the recovery by acting too fast.
"Getting started is probably helpful... Otherwise you keep deferring and keep deferring and then the market just keeps pushing this further out...You want to break the glass," said one former Fed official familiar with the debate. From that point on "if inflation stays low you can be in a little bit less of a rush...You don't have to go every meeting".
That sentiment is taking root at the Fed and narrowing the differences among the 7 governors and 12 regional bank presidents, who only a few months ago appeared broadly split over issues such as the amount of slack in the labour market. Fed officials will update their forecasts after meetings that conclude on December 17, possibly marking a further convergence of their views.
Naturally, some disagreement remains. Inflation hawks feel the Fed should be acting sooner to prevent crisis-era stimulus feeding into asset price bubbles and excessive price increases. Others, most notably Minnesota Fed chief Narayana Kocherlakota, worry the central bank is too complacent about a risk of inflation fading. A financial crash in China or some other shock could also turn the Fed's timetable on its head.
But with an economy less dependent on trade and with strengthened banks, the United States looks more robust than recession-prone Japan and Europe. More jobs, rising wages and stock prices and other positive domestic news, meanwhile, may set the stage for households to play a larger role in the recovery.
"Everything is coming together for pretty solid consumer spending growth," said Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics.
Even the Fed's more cautious members are eager to deliver a modest rise in the benchmark rate, according to interviews with officials, staff and analysts. A zero interest rate leaves policymakers no simple way to react if conditions weaken; it is also increasingly out of step with data that has boosted the Fed's confidence about the economy's momentum.
In fact, central bankers have become so confident that even a clear acceleration in prices is no longer seen as a precondition to liftoff, Fed policymakers and staff have indicated in interviews and public statements.
There is wide recognition that cheaper oil and the strength of the dollar, for example, mean the Fed's preferred inflation measure may remain stuck at around 1.5 per cent in coming months. That is considered far below the central bank's 2 per cent target given the glacial pace at which US prices and wages are now thought to move.
Beyond oil
In a recent series of interviews with Reuters and in public statements, policymakers have said they are trying to look beyond oil's direct impact on inflation to other factors that will ultimately drive prices and wages higher. Cheaper oil is likely to dampen energy sector investment and hiring in the short-run, for example, but over time will boost overall demand, perhaps boost profits and hiring among other firms, and ultimately produce stronger growth. Fed officials are also looking for confirmation of longer term price and wage trends in factors such as capacity utilisation, job turnover, the time it takes to fill jobs, and a range of surveys and measures of inflation expectations.
"We may have to disentangle short term influences of energy prices from the underlying trend... But I really do believe we will see the underlying core pace of inflation accelerate," Atlanta Fed President Dennis Lockhart told reporters last week. Lockhart, a centrist member who will have a vote next year on the Fed's policy committee, said that while a mid-2015 lift-off was not "carved in stone", he saw the data increasingly backing that scenario.
Now the question is where rates will be at the end of 2016 or even farther into the future. The initial hike, probably a small, quarter point move, may have little effect on what companies or consumers pay for credit, the patterns of lending among banks, or cross-border capital flows. But the quicker the Fed moves from there, the faster will be the adjustments and the greater the potential for dislocation.
Indeed if Fed policymakers and the markets are coalescing around liftoff, they remain far apart about what happens next. The most recent projections by Fed officials, provided in September, anticipate a median federal funds rate of 3.75 per cent by the end of 2017. However, some futures contracts show investors do not expect the benchmark rate to reach such levels until well into the 2020s.
As Fed chief Janet Yellen and other Fed officials have noted, that gap could reflect a number of things - from divergence in economic forecasts to differing views about how the Fed may respond to economic data. Some analysts have noted, for example, that Fed economic projections have tended to be optimistic; others speculate that Yellen's personal rate projection is probably on the lower end, and weight their predictions to account for her more influential voice.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: December 13, 2014 01:33 (IST)

Only EM Reformers Like India to Keep Investors as Tide TurnsYou are here: Home Economy
Only Emerging Market Reformers Like India to Keep Investors as Tide Turns
Reuters | Updated On: December 13, 2014 16:54 (IST)
Meeting Fiscal Deficit Target of 4.1% Looks Challenging: Nomura
London: Emerging markets' popularity with investors is ebbing as a strong dollar lures money away and commodity prices fall, but some governments promising tough economic reforms may stem the flow of capital leaving.
India and Indonesia currently look the most promising, fund managers say, following the election of pro-business governments on a ticket to introduce reforms that will open up state companies to foreign investment and cut red tape.
"Reformers are performers," said Bill Street, head of investments for Europe, the Middle East and Africa at State Street. "You need to differentiate your exposures in emerging markets ...We have some select funds that pull out reformers. We've seen some good reform happening in India and Indonesia"
In India, the Narendra Modi government plans to sell state stakeholdings in major companies, shake up labour laws and cut subsidies on fuel.
Craig Botham, an emerging markets economist at UK fund manager Schroders, said he expected success on those fronts "to lead to greater investment, picking up momentum going into 2016" but was only "cautiously positive" on similar claims by the government in Indonesia.
So far the two countries have had mixed success in retaining foreign portfolio capital.
According to Lipper - a Thomson Reuters company that tracks the funds industry, net sales for India-themed investment funds domiciled in Europe amounted to 303 million euros in September, making them the one of the fastest selling emerging market investment products.
In contrast, Indonesian-themed funds saw an outflow of 64 million euros. The country's president Joko "Jokowi" Widodo, who was elected in July, does not hold a parliamentary majority - limiting his ability to deliver on his promises to liberalise the economy and attract more foreign investment.
Out of favour
Investors are also unenthusiastic about prospects for Turkey, where politicians hoping to win elections scheduled for mid-2015 are unlikely to inflict economic pain on voters despite recommendations by the IMF to tighten fiscal and monetary policy, as recommended by the IMF.
"Economic populism remains a risk in Turkey, and the country's structural reform agenda will likely remain stalled ahead of parliamentary elections in June," JP Morgan said in a research note.
European equity funds focusing on Turkey saw a net outflow of 68.5 million euros in September, according to Lipper - a trend also reflected in the falling value of the Turkish lira in 2014, down around 5 per cent against the dollar.
South Africa, which has seen demand for its commodity exports sink as key customer China slows down, is also out of favour with investors - as a result of which the rand currency has fallen more than 10 per cent against the dollar since May.
Brazil is another country losing friends in the City of London and on Wall Street following the re-election of left-leaning president Dilma Rousseff, who some doubt has the political clout to curb a budget deficit and control inflation.
One voice countering those others however is veteran fund manager Mark Mobius, who runs the Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust.
He said he thought Brazil could well bounce back next year and also suggested Russia - whose economy is crumbling beneath the combined weight of Western sanctions, falling oil prices and the collapse of the rouble - could stage a recovery if it embraced reform
"We believe both Russia and Brazil have the resources to bounce back strongly should more appropriate policies be adopted," Mobius wrote to clients, noting he had big holdings of Brazilian banks Itau Unibanco and Banco Bradesco.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

IMF to Discuss Moving on Voting Reforms Without WashingtonYou are here: Home Economy
IMF to Discuss Moving on Voting Reforms Without Washington
Reuters | Updated On: December 13, 2014 16:56 (IST)
Meeting Fiscal Deficit Target of 4.1% Looks Challenging: Nomura
Washington: The head of the International Monetary Fund said on Friday that the global lender was ready to discuss ways to move forward without the United States on reforms that would give emerging markets greater IMF voting power.
IMF member nations agreed on so-called quota reforms in 2010, with the strong backing of the Obama administration, but the US Congress has so far failed to give the changes a needed stamp of approval.
US lawmakers are preparing to leave town for the year without backing the reforms, meaning the United States will miss a deadline the Group of 20 leading nations had set for action.
"I have expressed my disappointment to the US authorities and hope that they continue to work toward speedy ratification," IMF managing director Christine Lagarde said in a statement.
"As requested by our membership, we will now proceed to discuss alternative options for advancing quota and governance reforms and ensuring that the Fund has adequate resources, starting with an Executive Board meeting in January 2015," she said.
The agreed changes would double the Fund's resources and hand more IMF voting power to countries such as Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa. It would also revamp the IMF board to reduce the dominance of Western Europe.
Some Republicans in the US Congress have said the changes would cost too much at a time Washington was running big budget deficits. The reforms also ran afoul of a growing isolationist trend among the party's influential Tea Party wing.
It is not clear how the IMF might proceed without the United States, given that Washington is a controlling shareholder in the Fund, but there are a handful of ad hoc measures that could achieve at least a portion of the envisioned governance overhaul.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

MyCFO: Expert to navigate your financial operationsDec 13, 2014, 04.02 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
MyCFO: Expert to navigate your financial operations
If you are looking for a chief financial officer for your venture, meet S Venkatarman and Deepak Narayanan of MyCFO.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MyCFO: Expert to navigate your financial operations
If you are looking for a chief financial officer for your venture, meet S Venkatarman and Deepak Narayanan of MyCFO.
Post your opinion here

Justice for All marchStreet closure map: National Action Network March (The Washington Post/Source: D.C. Metropolitan Police Department)
By Sandyha Somashaker December 12, 2014
The families of several African Americans killed in confrontations with police recently are scheduled to be in Washington on Saturday to headline a national “Justice For All” march.
The march, organized by the Rev. Al Sharpton’s National Action Network with participation from other groups such as the NAACP and the National Urban League, is set to start at noon at Freedom Plaza and make its way to the U.S. Capitol for a rally. Speakers are expected to outline a legislative agenda for Congress.
The families from some of the nation’s more high-profile shootings are listed as attending: Eric Garner, the cigarette vendor killed in a chokehold in New York; Michael Brown, who was fatally shot in Ferguson, Mo., and Trayvon Martin, who died after a confrontation with an armed neighborhood watch volunteer. The mother of Tamir Rice, a 12-year-old fatally shot last month by a Cleveland officer is also expected.
Garner’s death, caught on video, has sparked protests across the country. A grand jury decision not to indict the officer involved in the death came a week after a Missouri grand jury declined to recommend charges in Brown’s death.
Tamir was shot while holding a pellet gun. Others expected to attend include the parents of John Crawford, shot by police in an Ohio Wal-Mart and the partner of Akai Gurley, who was killed in a dark stairwell in a New York apartment building. LeVar Jones, who was shot but not killed during a traffic stop in South Carolina, is also expected to be present. The shootings of Jones, Crawford and Tamir also were caught on video.
On Dec. 6, chokehold victim Eric Garner's mother Gwen Carr, center, and Rev. Al Sharpton, right, announced a march against police violence to be held Saturday in Washington. (Andrew Kelly/Reuters)
March organizers said buses will be arriving from New York, New Jersey, Philadelphia, North Carolina, Florida and elsewhere, and participants include clergy and labor representatives.
But some younger activists who have been disenchanted by Sharpton and the traditional black leadership are not planning to attend. Moreover, many of them will be participating in a “National Day of Resistance” also planned for Saturday.
Organizers of that protest, not surprisingly, are using more confrontational language that appears to be in stark contrast to the National Action Network’s call for legislative action.
“It’s our civil disobedience, marching and chanting that got us this far — and we must keep going,” the Web site for the protests says. “When you hit the streets, you’re letting them know: body cameras are not enough. Blue ribbon commissions are not enough. We need broad, decisive action NOW.”

Occupational sitting among women linked to obesityPhysical inactivity can damage blood vessels
Occupational sitting is associated with an increased likelihood of obesity among black women, independent of occupational and leisure time physical activity, according to a new study.
Few studies have examined the association between occupational sitting and body mass index (BMI), particularly among diverse populations, said researchers from the Washington University in St Louis.
“The objective of this study was to quantify the association between self-reported occupational sitting time and BMI by gender and race, independent of time spent in physical activity outside of work,” said lead author Lin Yang, postdoctoral research associate at the Prevention Research Center, a collaboration between the School of Medicine, the Brown School and the Saint Louis University School of Public Health.
“To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to examine differences in the association between occupational sitting and weight status among African American women and white women,” Yang said.
In 2012 and 2013, participants residing in four Missouri metropolitan areas were interviewed via telephone. The interview included questions on socio-demographic characteristics and time spent sitting at work.
The researchers examined the association between occupational sitting and BMI between men and women and between black and white women.
They found that average daily time spent by both men and women in occupational sitting was between three and six hours. Most participants in the study were overweight or obese.
“After adjusting for potential confounders, we found that African-American women in three categories of sitting time (31-180 minutes, 181-360 minutes, and more than 360 minutes) were approximately and consistently 2.5 times as likely to be obese as African-American women who reported sitting for 30 minutes or less, independent of occupational and leisure-time physical activity,” the researchers said.
This association was not seen among white women and no significant associations were found among men.
“The lack of association between occupational sitting and weight status among men might be explained by the differences between men and women in physical activity preferences,” the researchers said.
“Men are more active in leisure-time physical activity than women and women tend to do less vigorous and more moderate activity compared with men,” they said.
The results of the study were published in the journal Preventing Chronic Disease.
Post Comments
More from health

Toxic nectar affects behaviour of insect pollinators: ResearchBy: PTI | London |
Posted: December 13, 2014 5:29 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 5:32 pm
Natural toxins in nectar and pollen can poison insects and affect their memory, behaviour and reproductive success, researchers have found. Toxins in lupin pollen cause bumble bees to produce fewer offspring while chemicals found in rhododendron nectar are toxic to honeybees but not bumble bees, toxic effects that could be contributing to the worrying decline in pollinator species, researchers said.
Professor Phillip Stevenson from the Royal Botanic Gardens Kew and Natural Resources Institute at the University
of Greenwich with colleagues from Trinity College Dublin studied the impact on bees of naturally-occurring toxins in
lupin and rhododendron flowers. Plants produce these chemicals in their leaves and stems as a defence against herbivorous insects such as aphids, but they can also accumulate in pollen and nectar and affect the behaviour of insect pollinators visiting the flowers.
In this study, bumble bees given pollen treated with lupanine, a chemical found in lupin plants, at natural concentrations produced fewer, smaller males. The consequences could be severe where lupins are cultivated and present the major food source for bees at particular times of the year. Other chemicals called diterpenoids, which are found in the nectar of Rhododendron ponticum, were found to be toxic to honeybees and a wild mining bee species (Andrena carantonica), but bumble bees (Bombus terrestris) were unharmed by the compounds.
The study shows how plant chemicals can work in beneficial ways. “Plant chemicals in nectar and pollen can mediate
specialisation in pollinators, can drive plant pollinator interactions and can simply be toxic to pollinators where they
have been selected for another purpose in the plant, such as defence against herbivores,” Stevenson said.
The findings also highlight important considerations for landscape management of wild plants. Rhododendron ponticum is an invasive species and this study demonstrated that rhododendron toxins are poisonous to honeybees and mining bees.
“Where rhododendron dominates landscapes we know that this may be to the detriment of other plant species but now it seems it could also impact invertebrates as well,” Stevenson said.

Favourable ruling for Natco a boost for generic drug makersUpdated: December 14, 2014 18:15 IST
Generic drug makers get a boost from SC ruling
Ramnath Subbu
The Research and Development Centre of Natco Pharma, in Hyderabad.
AP
The head office of Natco Pharma Ltd. in Hyderabad. File photo.
TOPICS
company information
In a significant development for the pharmaceutical industry, the Supreme Court has rejected multinational Bayer’s appeal to block production and sales of the low cost version of its kidney cancer drug, sorafenib tosylate (branded as Nexavar), by Natco Pharmaceuticals.
Hyderabad-based Natco was granted the first and to date only compulsory licence (CL) by the government in 2012 to make and sell a patented drug at a fraction of the price at which it was sold by the patent holder, Bayer.
Since 2012, Natco has been selling the drug at Rs.8,880 a pack of 120 against Bayer’s selling price of Rs.2.84 lakh. Natco pays Bayer a royalty fee. Bayer has challenged the order before the Intellectual Property Appellate Board (IPAB) and then the Bombay High Court unsuccessfully.
“It is a landmark decision in the patent history of India,’’ was how a senior industry source described the decision.
“It vindicates the stand taken by us keeping in mind the low per capita income levels in the country. The intention is to have wide reach, accessibility and affordability for medicines,’’ a spokesperson from Natco told this correspondent.
Since 2012, Natco treated more than 20,000 cancer patients with the drug, of which 2,000 were treated free of cost, the spokesperson said.
Leena Menghaney, Regional Head (South Asia), MSF Access Campaign, said, “MSF is encouraged by this particularly strategic win for public health and access to medicines, whereby the Supreme Court has worked to ensure continued patient access to affordable versions of this lifesaving cancer drug, in spite of a multi-year campaign by Bayer to reverse the decision.’’
“Today, we applaud this heartening news, which reaffirms India’s critical role in forging a new and progressive path in balancing intellectual property and public health,’’ she said.
“The development will act as a fillip for generic manufacturers and encourage manufacture of affordable drugs to increase accessibility. Being the first and only CL granted by the government to date, it is definitely a positive development for Indian generic drug manufacturers,’’ S. V. Veeramani, President, Indian Drug Manufacturers’ Association (IDMA), said.

Google updates Hangouts app for Android with  last seen  timestamp  video filtersDec 13, 2014 at 05:21pm IST
Google updates Hangouts app for Android with 'last seen' timestamp, video filters
43
5
New Delhi: Google has updated the Hangouts app for Android and has added a lot of new features in the upgraded version including new sticker packs, video filters and the 'last seen' timestamp.
Hangouts users can now give video calls some extra flair with video filters including sepia, vignette, and black and white. Video filters appear with just a single swipe during the call.
The Hangouts app has also been upgraded with the "last seen" timestamp feature. "Last seen" shows when the people you use Hangouts with were last using Hangouts. You can change your own "last seen" in the Settings. This feature is similar to the one that users have been using in WhatsApp for almost a year now.
The "last seen" timestamp will roll out in waves over the next few weeks, so you may not see this feature for all your contacts right away.
#google #hangouts #hangouts for android #android
The "last seen" timestamp will roll out in waves over the next few weeks, so you may not see this feature for all your contacts right away.
From penguins to pirates, koalas to cats, Google has added 16 new sticker packs to Hangouts to make it easier for users to express themselves.
The new updates will soon be available on the Hangouts iOS app.
24

He is the Highest Paid Celebrity of 2014You are here: Home Industries
Salman Khan Is The Richest Indian Celebrity In Forbes List
NDTV | Updated On: December 15, 2014 12:41 (IST)
What PM, Raghuram Rajan Will Discuss With Top Bankers in Pune
Salman Khan has emerged as the celebrity with the highest earnings in 2014, according to a Forbes list. The actor grossed earnings of Rs 244.5 crore in 2014, according to the magazine.
It is for the first time in three years since Forbes started the rankings that Shah Rukh Khan has been toppled from the top spot. Shah Rukh Khan's money ranking in 2014 dropped to number 2 with earnings of Rs 202.4 crore. His fame rank dropped to seven, leaving his overall ranking at number 3. Salman was number 1 on both counts in 2014- another first, Forbes said.
Celebrities are ranked on two counts - money and fame - in the list. ( See full list )
Shah Rukh's slip in the rankings was mainly owing to the fact that he had no film releases in 2014 (The period under consideration was October 1, 2013 to September 30, 2014), whereas Salman Khan had two big releases in the form of Jai Ho and Kick and substantial earnings as a reality television host.
Amitabh Bachchan was second in overall ranking and third in the money rankings with earnings of Rs 196.75 crore. His fame rank was 4.
Indian cricket captain MS Dhoni was ranked at number 4 in overall ranking with earnings of Rs 141.8 crore. His money rank was 5, while his fame rank was 3.
With earnings of Rs 172 crore, actor Akshay Kumar rounded off the top 5.
Story first published on: December 14, 2014 16:06 (IST)

Indian Jailed in US Over Ponzi SchemeYou are here: Home Corporates
Indian Sentenced to Prison in US for Running Ponzi Scheme
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 13, 2014 18:49 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
New York: A 37-year-old Indian man here has been sentenced to over five years in prison for running a $3.8 million (Rs 23.56 crore at 1 dollar = 62 rupees) ponzi scheme whose victims include several of his family friends.
Sachin Uppal was sentenced by US District Judge Nancy Edmunds in Detroit following his August guilty plea to the wire fraud charges (concoction of scheme to defraud or obtain money based on false representation or promises).
According to court documents, Mr Uppal ran a trading company from July 2007 through September 2013 but was not a licensed investment adviser. He marketed his company to potential investors and solicited investor funds, describing it as a "hedge fund".
Mr Uppal told investors that he was a "day trader" who would use investor funds to buy and sell financial instruments within the same trading day, which he said would reduce risk to investors.
Several of Mr Uppal's victims were family friends. The phenomenon, known as 'affinity fraud' often targets members of identifiable groups, such as religious or ethnic communities or clubs.
Ms Edmunds also ordered Mr Uppal to pay restitution to his victims in the amount of over 3 million dollars.
Mr Uppal "took advantage of trusting relationships with family, friends, and associates, breached their confidence, and stole their money", Special Agent in Charge of the FBI Detroit Field Office Paul Abbate said.
"Criminals like this use every means of deceit available to further their selfish goals, and investors need to exercise great caution so as not to become victimised," Mr Abbate added.
Mr Uppal promised a return of 18 to 20 per cent per year, with a minimum investment commitment of only 12 months. Once he secured the initial investment, he e-mailed his victims false monthly "year-to-date investment summaries" to make them believe that their accounts were performing well and to persuade them to invest additional funds.
He traded and lost funds during the relevant period and sometimes he simply pocketed the money without conducting any trades at all. When investors asked to close their accounts and withdraw their investment funds, Mr Uppal attempted to lull them with various excuses.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 17:52 (IST)

Book Taj entry tickets online from ChristmasBy: Press Trust of India | Agra |
Posted: December 13, 2014 6:46 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 7:04 pm
This Christmas onwards you won’t have to stand in long queues to buy tickets to enter Taj Mahal as the Archaeological Survey of India is launching the online booking of entry tickets facility.
“All arrangements have been made and our systems are in place. The trial will begin December 25. It has taken us a long time to work on this project which will change the image of the ASI,” Superintending Archaeologist, Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), N K Pathak said.
The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) will be the service provider of the e-ticketing facility, in collaboration with the National Institute of Smart Governance, he said.
After one month trial of the e-ticketing facility at the Taj, the ASI would extend the similar facility to other monuments, managed by it.
ASI officials said the e-tickets will have security features including bar code, and bar code scanners would be installed at the entry gates.
The ASI is training its staffs for effective and efficient use of the facility, which is likely to put an end to the long queues at the ticket counters.
Tourists had to stand for long hours in queues to buy entry tickets.
Tourism circles in Agra have welcomed ASI’s initiative saying the facility would help check resale of entry tickets and fake tickets by unscrupulous elements.
It is said that the ensuing online facility would also help the ASI in managing the number of visitors.

Police recovers body of kidnapped Sarpanch in BaramullaBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 13, 2014 7:19 pm
The body of a sarpanch, who was kidnapped by unidentified gunmen last night, was found in Sopore area of north Kashmir’s Baramulla district on September 13.
Body of Ghulam Mohammad Mir (62) was recovered from a field in Shalabugh area of Sopore town, police said.
Mir was abducted by six gunmen from his residence in Tarzoo area of Sopore town at around 9 PM on December 12 night, a police
official said.
Mir’s family lodged a complaint with police following which a search operation was launched.
The kidnapping cane three days after Sopore Assembly segment went to polls in the third phase.
The apple town, hitherto known as separatist stronghold, saw a turnout of 30 percent, which was 10 per cent higher than 2008 assembly elections.

Bank Loans Up 11.3% in 2 Weeks to November 28You are here: Home Industries
Bank Loans Up 11.3% in 2 Weeks to November 28
Reuters | Updated On: December 13, 2014 18:51 (IST)
What PM, Raghuram Rajan Will Discuss With Top Bankers in Pune
Indian banks' loans grew 11.3 per cent in the two weeks to November 28 compared to the corresponding period a year earlier, while deposits rose 11.7 per cent, the Reserve Bank of India's weekly statistical supplement showed.
Outstanding loans rose by Rs 31,450 crore ($5.05 billion) to Rs 62.84 lakh crore in the two weeks to November 28.
Non-food credit rose by Rs 29,780 crore to Rs 61.77 lahk crore, while food credit increased by Rs 1,670 crore to Rs 1.08 lakh crore.
Bank deposits rose Rs 63,420 crore to Rs 83.17 lakh crore in the two weeks to November 28.
($1 = 62.2900 rupees)

Enough is enough: Elizabeth Warrens launches fiery attack after Congress weakens Wall Street regsComments
By Wonkblog Staff December 12, 2014
With Congress set to pass a government spending bill that weakens a provision of Dodd-Frank , Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) took the floor of the Senate on Friday evening to lash out at her colleagues. In her remarks, she took specific aim at mega-bank Citigroup, saying it wields unusual power in government and must be reigned in. "Many Wall Street institutions have exerted extraordinary influence in Washington’s corridors of power, but Citigroup has risen above the others," she said. "Its grip over economic policymaking in the executive branch is unprecedented."
Warren, pushing her party to take a less friendly attitude toward Wall Street, called on Congress to do as much for families living paycheck to paycheck as it does for big banks. Her prepared remarks follow:
Mr. President, I’m back on the floor to talk about a dangerous provision that was slipped into a must-pass spending bill at the last minute to benefit Wall Street. This provision would repeal a rule called, and I’m quoting the title of the rule, “PROHIBITION AGAINST FEDERAL GOVERNMENT BAILOUTS OF SWAPS ENTITIES.”
On Wednesday, I came to the floor to talk to Democrats, asking them to strip this provision out of the omnibus bill and protect taxpayers.
On Thursday, I came to the floor to talk to Republicans. Republicans say they don’t like bailouts either. So I asked them to vote the way they talk. If they don’t like bailouts, then they could take out this provision that puts taxpayers right back on the hook for bailing out big banks.
Today, I’m coming to the floor not to talk about Democrats or Republicans, but about a third group that also wields tremendous power in Washington: Citigroup.
Mr. President, in recent years, many Wall Street institutions have exerted extraordinary influence in Washington’s corridors of power, but Citigroup has risen above the others. Its grip over economic policymaking in the executive branch is unprecedented. Consider a few examples:
Three of the last four Treasury Secretaries under Democratic presidents have had close Citigroup ties. The fourth was offered the CEO position at Citigroup, but turned it down.
 The Vice Chair of the Federal Reserve system is a Citigroup alum.
The Undersecretary for International Affairs at Treasury is a Citigroup alum.
The U.S. Trade Representative and the person nominated to be his deputy – who is currently an assistant secretary at Treasury – are Citigroup alums.
A recent chairman of the National Economic Council at the White House was a Citigroup alum.
Another recent Chairman of the Office of Management and Budget went to Citigroup immediately after leaving the White House.
 Another recent Chairman of the Office of Management of Budget and Management is also a Citi alum -- but I’m double counting here because now he’s the Secretary of the Treasury.
That’s a lot of powerful people, all from one bank. But they aren’t Citigroup’s only source of power. Over the years, the company has spent millions of dollars on lobbying Congress and funding the political campaigns of its friends in the House and the Senate.
Citigroup has also spent millions trying to influence the political process in ways that are far more subtle—and hidden from public view. Last year, I wrote Citigroup and other big banks a letter asking them to disclose the amount of shareholder money they have been diverting to think tanks to influence public policy. Citigroup’s response to my letter? Stonewalling. A year has gone by, and Citigroup didn’t even acknowledge receiving the letter.
Citigroup has a lot of money, it spends a lot of money, and it uses that money to grow and consolidate a lot of power. And it pays off. Consider a couple facts.
Fact one: During the financial crisis, when all the support through TARP and from the FDIC and the Fed is added up, Citi received nearly half a trillion dollars in bailouts. That’s half a trillion with a “t.” That’s almost $140 billion more than the next biggest bank got.
Fact two: During Dodd-Frank, there was an amendment introduced by my colleague Senator Brown and Senator Kaufman that would have broken up Citigroup and the nation’s other largest banks. That amendment had bipartisan support, and it might have passed, but it ran into powerful opposition from an alliance between Wall Streeters on Wall Street and Wall Streeters who held powerful government jobs. They teamed up and blocked the move to break up the banks—and now Citi is bigger than ever.
The role that senior officials working in the Treasury department played in killing the amendment was not subtle: A senior Treasury official acknowledged it at the time in a background interview with New York Magazine. The official from Treasury said, and I’m quoting here, “If we’d been for it, it probably would have happened. But we weren’t, so it didn’t.” That’s power.
Mr. President, Democrats don’t like Wall Street bailouts. Republicans don’t like Wall Street bailouts. The American people are disgusted by Wall Street bailouts. And yet here we are -- five years after Dodd-Frank – with Congress on the verge of ramming through a provision that would do nothing for middle class, do nothing for community banks – do nothing but raise the risk that taxpayers will have to bail out the biggest banks once again.
There’s a lot of talk lately about how the Dodd-Frank Act isn’t perfect. There’s a lot of talk coming from Citigroup about how the Dodd-Frank Act isn’t perfect.
So let me say this to anyone who is listening at Citi: I agree with you. Dodd-Frank isn’t perfect.
It should have broken you into pieces.
If this Congress is going to open up Dodd-Frank in the months ahead, let’s open it up to get tougher—not to create more bailout opportunities .
If we are going to open up Dodd-Frank, let’s open it up so that, once and for all, we end Too Big to Fail. And I mean let’s really end it – not just say we did.
Instead of passing laws that create new bailout opportunities for Too-Big-To-Fail banks, let’s pass Brown-Kaufman. Let’s pass the bipartisan 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act – a bill I’ve sponsored with John McCain, Angus King, and Maria Cantwell. Let’s pass something – anything – that would help break up these giant banks.
A century ago, Teddy Roosevelt was America’s trustbuster. He went after the giant trusts and monopolies in this country, and a lot of people talk about how those trusts deserved to be broken up because they had too much economic power. But Teddy Roosevelt said we should break them up because they had too much political power. Teddy Roosevelt said break them up because all that concentrated power threatened the very foundations of our democratic system.
And now we’re watching as Congress passes yet another provision that was written by lobbyists for the biggest recipient of bailout money in the history of the country. And it’s attached to a bill that needs to pass or else the entire federal government will grind to a halt.
Think about this kind of power. A financial institution has become so big and so powerful that it can hold the entire country hostage. That alone is a reason enough for us break them up. Enough is enough.
Enough is enough with Wall Street insiders getting key position after key position and the kind of cronyism we have seen in the executive branch. Enough is enough with Citigroup passing 11th hour deregulatory provisions that nobody takes ownership over but that everybody comes to regret. Enough is enough.
Washington already works really well for the billionaires and big corporations and the lawyers and lobbyists. But what about the families who lost their homes or their jobs or their retirement savings the last time Citi bet big on derivatives and lost? What about the families who are living paycheck to paycheck and saw their tax dollars go to bail Citi out just six years ago? We were sent here to fight for those families, and it’s time – it’s past time – for Washington to start working for them.

The Hobbit: Fitting farewell to TolkiendomEnglish cinema
The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies
Two years ago, it was alleged that Christopher Tolkien (son of author J. R. R. Tolkien) refused to meet director Peter Jackson. It’s no secret that he considers Jackson’s movies an insult to his father’s work. “They’ve gutted the book, making an action movie for 15 to 25-year-olds.” Tolkien’s creation of Middle-earth was a labour of love, carefully crafted with a million infinitesimal details — flora, fauna, mythology, history and an astounding range of over 20 languages, each with its own grammar, vocabulary and syntax. (Tolkien was a philologist at Oxford.)
The joy of Tolkien always lay in the telling of the tale rather than the tale itself; in the journey rather than the destination. With the new Hobbit film, we have reached our destination and even though Christopher Tolkien doesn’t seem likely to forgive Peter Jackson anytime soon, the director, I have to say, pulls out all the stops and delivers a master class in blockbuster filmmaking with this one. There is no wandering or aimless exploring. The landscape is cold and drab and the action moves on steadily.
Within just the first few frames, the movie makes good on last winter’s promise of desolation. Smaug (voiced to brilliant effect by Benedict Cumberbatch) huffs, puffs, snarls and roars as he reduces Lake Town to a cinder before being brought down by a black arrow fired through a hollow in his left breast plate — his only weakness. But his death proves to be only the beginning of the trouble — his erstwhile den/fortress Mount Erebor is not only a gateway to the lands of the far North but also contains the dragon’s plunder of vast riches and gold, glittering jewels and stones (a hoard nearly as deep as the mountain is wide).
Genre: Fantasy Adventure Director: Peter Jackson Cast: Ian McKellen, Martin Freeman, Richard Armitage Storyline: Bilbo and gang must stop Smaug from obliterating Middle-earth
Battalions of orcs, elves and dwarves converge upon the mountain from all directions for the loot, and matters are made worse when Thorin Oakenshield succumbs to the Tolkienian malady of ‘dragon sickness’ — the irrepressible longing to brood over one’s glittering trinkets like a hen over her eggs. Richard Armitage plays this character with Shakespearean heft, strutting and cursing, as his mind turns poisonous with suspicion and greed. In the bargain, he first loses his mind, then his honour, then his friends; until he is left standing alone in a vast hall surrounded by piles of gold. It is only when he is about to lose his brother and fears suffering the fate of his grandfather (who also succumbed to dragon sickness) that sense dawns and he sets out to redeem himself.
An orgy of sword-thrusting and limb-flailing ensues in a climax that clocks nearly 70 minutes. This is money and time well spent — not since 300 has there been such sure-footed choreography with Jackson tipping his hat to everyone from George Miller to Akira Kurosawa. The pièce de résistance is a drawn-out dwarf vs orc duel atop a frozen waterfall — a set piece that’s every bit as beautiful as it sounds.
At 144 minutes, this last and probably final entry in the series is the shortest of the sextet. After 13 years and 1,031 minutes of accumulated runtime, Middle-earth has become a somewhat familiar world and it is hard not to feel a pang of something as it closes. The film was originally going to be called There and Back Again, appropriate in its own way. The film is as much a chance to bid farewell as it is to partake in the most gob-smacking action that New Zealand tax breaks and a fat Hollywood budget can buy.

E-commerce firms under CCI scannerelectronic commerce
Fair trade regulator CCI is looking into alleged anti-competitive conduct of online retail firms such as Flipkart India, Amazon, Jasper Infotech and Xerion Retail, the government has said.
“An information has been filed by Mohit Manglani in the Competition Commission of India (CCI) against alleged anti competitive conduct of online retailers like Flipkart India, Jasper Infotech, Xerion Retails, Amazon Seller services, Victor E-commerce and other similar e-commerce/portal companies. The matter is under consideration of the commission,” Minister for Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution Ram Vilas Paswan said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha on Friday.
E-commerce firms have come under the scanner of the Competition Commission following massive discount sale offered by them.
On tax evasion by online retailers, Mr. Paswan said trades done through online/internet portal are subject to income tax as per provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. However, at present, Direct Tax collection data is not being maintained based on the mode of business/trade conducted online or otherwise.
Based on complaints received from consumers being duped by “fly by night” e-retailers, the government had referred cases of five companies Gold Quest International, Questnet Enterprises, SpeakAsia Online, Unipay2U group of companies and AbcIndya Networks to its investigation arm for corporate frauds, SFIO.
The SFIO investigation confirmed that these companies had duped customers through web based investments and other products, the minister stated added that the government has asked “SFIO to file prosecution under provisions of Companies Act, 1956 and Indian Penal Code against three companies i.e. GoldQuest International (including its group company), Questnet Enterprises and AbcIndya Networks.”
He added that investigation for Unipay2U group of companies and SpeakAsia Online is under examination.

Banker by day  musician by nightUpdated: December 13, 2014 18:51 IST
Banker by day, musician by night
PREETHA KADHIR
Mannarkoil J. Balaji. Photo: R. Ravindran
TOPICS
human interest
Unlike the majority of mridangam players you meet at the sabhas, Mannarkoil J. Balaji does not depend on the instrument for a living. He has a bank job. Mridangam however gives him immense meaning and he is as professional as any other musician.
It takes determination and focus to be have a following among music enthusiasts. Balaji has managed this. A good part of the credit for this has to go to his gurus, R. Ramadoss and Ramanathapuram M. N. Kandaswamy.
Many awards have come Balaji’s way: Best Sub-Senior Mridangist award (Palani M Subramania Pillai Award) from Music Academy, Meritorious Award for Excellence from Maharajapuram Santhanam Trust, Asthana Vidwan from Kanchi Kamakoti Mutt and Laya Kala Vipanchee from Vipanchee.
He is an A grade artiste of the All India Radio and Doordarshan. The latest achievement is the Guru Karaikudi Mani Award for Mridangist instituted by Karaikudi Sri. R. Mani at Kartick Fine Arts for the year 2014. He is due to receive this award on December 26.
Another factor contributing to his popularity is his ability to interact freely with people: he conducts workshops and gives lectures across the globe.
“When compared to bharatnatyam and classical music (vocal), mridangam does not have many takers. This is because learning this art form takes a long time. Both the parent and the student should sustain the interest long enough to master the art,” he says.
On what has changed in all these years that he has performed on stage, he says, “Audience have become more disciplined. The impact of mass media on audience is huge and it has certainly played a role in taking classical music places,” says Balaji.
On his multi-tasking abilities, he says “There is enough time for all things. Having priorities is important.”
He has been a resident of K.K. Nagar for the last 14 years. He misses the greenery in his neighbourhood, which has been taken over by concrete.

Oil India Signs Contract for 2 Myanmar BlocksYou are here: Home Corporates
Oil India Signs Contract for 2 Myanmar Blocks
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 13, 2014 20:24 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
New Delhi: Oil India Ltd, the second largest state explorer, has signed a contract for two offshore oil and gas blocks it had bagged in Myanmar.
OIL along with its consortium partners signed the production sharing contract (PSC) with Myanma Oil and Gas Enterprise (MOGE) for two offshore blocks M4 and YEB at Nay Pyi Taw, the company said in a statement here on Saturday.
Oil India-led consortium won these blocks under Myanmar offshore bidding round 2013 which was launched on April 11, last year.
A total of 30 blocks (11 shallow water and 19 deepsea) were put on offer in this bidding round. OIL and partners bid for three offshore blocks M-4, M-8 and YEB and won two of them.
OIL is the operator with 60 per cent interest in both the blocks. Other consortium partners are Mercator Petroleum Ltd (25 per cent), Oilmax Energy Pvt Ltd (10 per cent), and Oil Star Management Services Co Ltd, a local company of Myanmar with a 5 per cent stake.
Block M-4 with an area of 4008 square miles in water depth of less than 600 feet is located in Moattama Basin, while other block YEB with an area of 8223 sq miles in water depth of less than 600 feet is located in Thanintharyi Basin. 
Story first published on: December 13, 2014 16:05 (IST)

Heavy snowfall in HP blocks roads  hundreds of tourists stranded  rescue operation underwayWritten by Ashwani Sharma | Shimla |
Posted: December 13, 2014 8:00 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 10:10 pm
While local residents of Himachal welcomed the seasons’s first snowfall, it turned out to be a disappointment for hundreds of tourists who were stranded on the Manali-Rohtang pass road on December 13. The roads witnessed a disrupted vehicular traffic following the heavy snowfall.
Around 150 vehicles were stranded. However, all tourists caught at Rohtang Pass were rescued and brought to Manali.
The unexpected situation had put the local administration on high alert who had already started off with the rescue operation of the stranded tourists to bring them back to Manali at the earliest.
“We have reports about 150 vehicles that are still stranded on the road because of heavy snow, skidding of heavy vehicles, traffic jam and breakdowns .This has caused adverse impact on the mobility. There is no vehicle at Rohtang Pass. At Marhi,we have been told about six stranded vehicles,” says Vinay Singh, additional District Magistrate, Kullu had earlier said.
Singh said that while the snow at Gulaba is at least a feet deep, the situations at Rohtang Pass and Marhi are worse.
The medical teams were deployed to the affected areas already. Medical help was also being provided at the Gulaba rescue post.
The administration had also sought help from the Border Roads Organisations and engineering firms engaged in the construction of Rohtang tunnel in order to bring the tourists to safer places.
Singh claims that the tourists were already provided with a warning against visiting Rohtang Pass and Marhi on account of the possibility of heavy snowfall, but they seem to have taken the trip nevertheless to enjoy the season’s first snowfall. Few had also started from Koksar (Lahaul-Spiti side) to cross Rohtang Pass in the day, he says.
The roads were covered with slush and snow coupled with rains that made driving dangerous.
According to one Piyush Mahajan, who was at Manali with a group of friends, the number of stranded tourists can be as high as 400.
“It was perhaps God’s grace that we started late and did not take the risk. Gulaba was the last point we touched after which we were warned about the heavy snowfall,” says Piyush.

Relief for Shah Rukh Khan in Wealth Tax MatterShah Rukh Khan Gets Relief From Income Tax Tribunal
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 13, 2014 20:09 (IST)
World's Super-Rich Spend $8 Billion on Alcohol: Survey
Mumbai: In a relief to actor Shah Rukh Khan, the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal has overturned an order of the tax authorities to add Rs 2.28 crore he had lent his wife as interest free loan to buy flat and jewellery to his net wealth.
The superstar's wife Gauri had used Rs 1.65 crore of the loaned amount to buy a house in Delhi and Rs 63 lakh for jewellery. The Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals) had ordered adding the amount to Mr Khan's net wealth for assessment year 2005-06 on the ground that it amounted to transfer of assets.
The Mumbai bench of ITAT held on Wednesday that the Commissioner of Wealth Tax (Appeals) was not justified in confirming the addition of Rs 2.28 crore to the actor's net wealth and had erred in holding that the house and jewellery purchased by his wife was an indirect transfer of assets.
Income tax authorities had held that the loan advanced by Shah Rukh Khan was an indirect transfer of assets by the assessee to his wife. Accordingly, the loan amount of Rs 2.28 crore was added to the net wealth of Rs 2.75 crore declared by the actor for assessment year 2005-06.
Mr Khan's lawyer Hiro Rai argued that that the assessee had extended a loan to his wife which cannot be said to be a transfer of assets. He cited a Karnataka High Court Judgement to support his argument that the loan given by Mr Khan to his wife was recorded in the books of account and cannot be treated as transfer of assets from husband to wife.
Income Tax counsel Jitendra Kumar argued that the loan amounted to indirect transfer of assets within the meaning of section 4(1)(a)(i) of the Wealth Tax Act.
ITAT, however, held that extending a loan to wife does not fall within the definition of 'Asset' under the provisions of the Wealth Tax Act and therefore it cannot be said that there was a transfer of asset from husband to wife as argued by the Income Tax authorities.
"We are not agreeing with the Assessing Officer since there is no 'transfer of asset' by the assessee rather an asset has been purchased in the form of a residential house after taking an interest free cash loan from the assessee. In our view, there is no transfer of asset by the assessee, as has been canvassed by IT Counsel and also held by IT Assessing Officer and IT Commissioner (Appeals)," ITAT members D Karunakara Rao and Joginder Singh ruled.
Wealth Tax is levied at one per cent on the net wealth (of an assessee) exceeding Rs 30 lakhs in a year. Net Wealth includes residential houses (with one house getting exemption) and jewellery.
Story first published on: December 13, 2014 19:52 (IST)

Not Regulator s Job to Boost Sensex: RajanMeeting Fiscal Deficit Target of 4.1% Looks Challenging: Nomura
Governor Raghuram Rajan on Friday addressed India's top corporates on issues confronting the domestic and global economies. His speech came at a time when both the government as well as India Inc. have been gunning for a rate cut in view of the sharp slowdown in inflation.
Here are the important highlights of Dr Rajan's speech:
1) Boosting markets not the regulator's job: The RBI Governor stood his ground on interest rates and said central bankers have to go against popular opinion. The role of a regulator is not to boost Sensex, he said. Higher Sensex can at best be a collateral benefit not a primary objective... the underlying growth is more important, he added.
2) No tradeoff between inflation and growth: Dr Rajan said a central bank focused on containing inflation will ensure best conditions for sustainable growth. He added that "a glide path" towards lowering inflation to those levels worked best for India by ensuring moderate economic growth.
3) "Make for India" also important: For "Make in India" to succeed, the government needs to implement ambitious infrastructure plans and reduce the cost of doing business in India, Dr Rajan said. But "Make for India" is equally important because external demand is weak, he said.
4) India does not need to go out of the way to get foreign investors: "If we make it easier for young companies to do business in India, it will create a transparent and quick system and will do the same for foreign investors," Dr Rajan said.
5) Need for fiscal prudence: Noting that the new government has indicated that it will stick to the fiscal consolidation path, the RBI governor proposed a debate on whether India needed more institutions "to ensure deficits stay within control and the quality of budgets is high."
6) India needs foreign finance, but the best bet to attract foreign investment is through long-term equity or foreign direct investment, he said. FDI also brings new technologies and methods, Dr Rajan added.
7) Domestic demand should be financed through domestic savings: This will ensure systemic stability and not precipitate a crisis seen last summer, when hot money exited India at the first hint of a crisis, he said. "Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure that the country's investment is largely financed from domestic savings," Dr. Rajan said.
8) World cannot absorb two Chinas: Over the last three decades, most East Asian countries have developed on the back of export-based growth. Counselling against such a policy, Dr Rajan said subsidizing exports with cheap inputs and undervaluing exchange rate will be unproductive as India is different from China.
9) Global economy remains weak: The US is the only major economy growing currently. Many economies are near deflation and secular stagnation has been building in the global system. Policy makers have to do more than resorting to monetary stimulus (print money) to lift growth.
10) Middle class growing anxious: Incremental growth is coming from new technologies and globalisation, which means that a lot of routine jobs have gone away. The middle class is desperately anxious in US and Europe, Dr Rajan said.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 15:13 (IST)

SUN-RANBAXY @ CCI: 1st Structural Remedy!Only 2 significant competitors: Macleods (15-20%), Micro Labs (10-15%)
CCI Observations
-    Merged Entity market share almost double that of next competitor
-    Micro Labs' market share on the decline for 4 years
-    Ranbaxy recently entered the market & its market share has been increasing.
SUN-RANBAXY @ CCI
7 products to be divested
-    Via asset sale transaction, including tangible & intangible assets such as IPR
-    Sale does not include manufacturing facilities, customer outstandings
-    Buyers to have Pharma experience, financial resources, expertise, manufacturing capability...
-    CCI to appoint 'monitoring' agency to supervise divestments
Gandhi: The matrix that they have used, at least from what you find from the order, seems to be simply see a) market share b) what is the next significant competitor, how many other competitors exist in the market. However, we are used to seeing worldwide other matrix such a market concentration reflected as an Herfindahl–Hirschman Index (HHI) ratio and also as a concentration ratio (CR4). Again, one understands that it is possible that they used these ratios to understand market concentration but there is nothing in the order which suggests that a) indeed that they have used it and b) more importantly what the outcome of such analysis was.
When you speak of what kind of a message this decision leaves or what kind of a precedent it sets, I think we are still a little unclear after this decision as to what the CCI considers in the pharmaceutical industry as being problematic market share and concentration ratio which means that business is left a little bit in the dark. This goes back to the question about whether they could have offered those remedies earlier.
Kumar: I would like to add three things here. One is that this is a Phase II investigation where the parties have been asked to put in their objections and the CCI does know that they have got objections from many parties which have been examined. Now we don’t know what kind of objections were received and whether they went in to its analysis of whether there is going to be a harm to competition in the market. So that part is missing.
Second thing that I would like to add is that market shares are important and if you are having 85-95 percent, perhaps, you know there is very little to argue. I will take you back in time to the famous Boeing-McDonnell Douglas Merger which was also creating the same problem that out of only 3 parties available in the world, two were merging and so that would leave only two. That is when the thought came out that the market has to be contestable. It is not necessary that if there are three big, larger players and they are getting reduced to two, it necessarily affects market. Now what has not come out in the analysis, which probably CCI may have done as Samir puts it, but it is not there in the order. If the merging parties are having 70 percent market share but the third competitor has 25 but it has gained 0 to 25 pretty quickly, then perhaps market remains contestable. So, without all this analysis, I agree with Samir that there is still little grey area into how CCI will look into it in future.
Doshi: That brings me to the last point that I want to bring up and the fact that this deal, for a final approval from the CCI, requires an upfront buyer which is that the two parties must sell these seven products before their merger can be consummated. It is not unusual for authorities to ask for the divestitures to take place before the merger is approved. However, it links into the very point that we have been talking about saying if you don’t do robust pre and post merger consults and you wait till the timeline is exhausted, you are going to end up forcing the parties to spend more time doing what it takes for the deal to be consummated?
Kumar: I agree with you because it is like if you take the two divestiture periods- incase the first does not succeed- then we are looking at six plus four; ten months. I am reminded of the famous Staples and Office Depot case in the US where the court gave an injunctive relief to FTC after eight months of hearing. The parties withdrew their applications because they felt that eight months have already gone and in another couple of months, the market situation will not remain the same at which they had negotiated the deal.
So, ten months is a fairly long period and that combined with the fact that this is the first time that there will be a monitoring agency which is going to monitor and then also perhaps sell the assets if this doesn’t succeed. It does throw some practical problems before the two merging parties.
Gandhi: Let me also raise one additional practical issue which is that in Sun-Ranbaxy case, it is indeed the case that it was a purely Indian deal in the sense that parties closure or the ability to close the deal is held up until they are able to divest the asset.
However, consider for a moment where there is a global transaction, a large multinational, multijurisdictional global transaction where as a result of an order of a CCI, the global deal itself is unable to close. So it becomes quite problematic from that perspective as well because one depends on the other. The global deal need to close for the Indian companies to have a sense whether this transaction is going to go ahead but the global deal cannot close until an asset which belongs to one of these Indian companies is sold.
So, again when I sit back and look at Sun-Ranbaxy I don’t think it does enough to give us much in terms of precedent - either by way of process or for that matter by way of substance. It is a good decision all things considered but I do hope that the CCI considers what a number of people have been saying in the past that there is a need for detailed guidelines as is the case in many other developed jurisdictions to give India Inc that certainty about how their mergers are going to go ahead in complex situations like this.
More Stories

`Consumer protection is lynchpin of all financial legislation`Consumer protection is lynchpin of all financial legislation’
Our Bureau
The Hindu Justice BN Srikrishna
Mumbai, December 13:  
Consumer protection is the lynchpin of all financial legislation in the country, said Justice BN Srikrishna, former judge of the Supreme Court and head of the financial sector legislative reforms commission (FSLRC), at a conference here. 
He was speaking at the annual convention of the Association of National Exchanges Members of India (ANMI) on the theme of financial literacy.
Srikrishna added that the FSLRC was designed with consumer at the centre. Inculcating the concept of financial management through formal education gives investors "the confidence to walk into a financial market and strike a good bargain."
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Trinamool-CPI(M) clash in Burdwan  2 injuredBy: Press Trust of India | Burdwan |
Posted: December 13, 2014 9:26 pm
Arrest of West Bengal Sports and Transport minister Madan Mitra in the Saradha scam on December 13 triggered clashes between processionists belonging to the ruling Trinamool Congress and CPI(M) and police lathicharge leaving two persons injured, police said.
Burdwan Superintendent of Police S M H Mirza said the Trinamool Congress had taken out a procession from the station area to Curzon Gate in the heart of the town where a street corner meeting was being held to protest against the arrest of the minister in the Saradha scam.
Meanwhile, the CPI(M) also took out a procession from the station area towards G T Road to demand arrests of others involved in the Saradha scam, the SP said.
When the two processions came face to face, the processions exchanged heated words and came to blows. The police on getting information, rushed to the area and when the processionists refused to disperse, made a lathicharge, the SP said.
At least two persons were injured in the scuffle and the lathicharge, the SP said adding that the injured were admitted to Burdwan Medical College and Hospital where the condition of both the persons was stated to be serious.
 

Why the family of a teen in N.C. wants a probe of whether he was lynchedBy Emily Badger December 12, 2014 Follow @emilymbadger
In this Monday, Dec. 1,  photo, Claudia Lacy, center, cries as she thanks the people who showed up at First Baptist Church in Bladenboro, N.C., to listen to the Rev. Dr. William Barber II, president of the North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP, talk about the developments in the investigation of her son's death. (AP/The Fayetteville Observer)
Lennon Lacy, a black teen in North Carolina, died at the end of August, his body found by local police hanging from a swing set in the middle of a trailer park. Local officials declared his death a suicide, a ruling that confounded his family. His mother didn't know what he was doing in that trailer park, home to mostly white families, or why police found him wearing shoes that did not fit him.
On Friday, the FBI joined the investigation into Lacy's death after pleas from his family and the North Carolina NAACP. That news draws renewed attention to a troubling pattern, from Ferguson, Mo., to New York City: Families feel they can trust only the federal government to respond to and investigate such cases; they don't trust local officials. The NAACP is planning a rally Saturday to highlight the case.
Claudia Lacy, Lennon's mother, publicly wondered in The Guardian on Friday if her son, who had been dating a woman she described as older and white, had been lynched in the year 2014 .
"Was he killed? Was my son lynched?" she wrote.
In the column, she said police never visited her home or entered Lacy's bedroom to confirm why a teenager who did not seem depressed — a high school football player preparing for a game that night — would commit suicide. The family has also raised questions about how the scene of Lacy's death was investigated by the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation (SBI), and whether investigators took and shared photos with the medical examiner.
State officials have welcomed the FBI. But the family's insistence on its involvement is striking. Here is a telling paragraph from the NBC News story in North Carolina:
Bladen County District Attorney Jon David said Friday that the SBI's investigation was "nothing short of professional," but he called on the FBI to get involved with the case because Lacy's family said they had "critical" information that they are not willing to provide to state investigators. "Lawyers working on behalf of the family want to provide information only to the federal government," David said. Investigators haven't found evidence of any wrongdoing in Lacy's death, but "our minds are open," David said.
This is an important role that federal investigators play, bringing added resources and outside scrutiny to a local case. But it's also a sign of a law enforcement system not gaining the necessary trust of local residents when families believe their only recourse lies with federal intervention — when a family has information it feels it can only share with federal officials. People need to be able to trust the law enforcement closest to them, right in the communities where they live.
This is a deeper issue that extends beyond the details of this case, or any findings the FBI may reach in North Carolina. Lacy's family has said it can accept the conclusion that he killed himself if a thorough investigation confirms as much. But the law enforcement system isn't working quite right for families when they think they can trust only the people who police the police, or only the verdict that comes from them.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

Using options to aid land acquisitionSomik Raha: Using options to aid land acquisition
Somik Raha |  Dec 13, 2014 09:48 PM IST
Land acquisition is a thorny problem for India - a fact that stalls development. On the one hand, our laws make it very difficult to acquire land for development. On the other, developers routinely influence the government to use coercion and acquire land using the argument of public good. The result is that projects get stalled in court, people are hurt, and the last thing that moves forward is development. Both socialistic and capitalistic frameworks have failed us in serving all the stakeholders in this problem, as they take one side or the other, but not a holistic perspective. Fortunately, a solution exists that can take us beyond our existing ideologies and help us move forward.
The solution comes from Stanford University's pioneering work on decision analysis and voluntary social systems. Decision analysis helps us make good decisions for any endeavour, while voluntary social systems is the science of solving social problems without using coercion (read "laws"). The combination of the two results in a huge idea in land acquisition: the use of options.
Let's understand the process of land acquisition for development. When land developers want to acquire a large tract of land, they need to negotiate with individual plot owners. If individual plot owners find out what the purpose of acquisition is, they can hold out, knowing they can stall the entire project. This happens usually when the government is involved, as the government is required to publicly disclose the purpose of the acquisition. The government in response often resorts to coercion, using the argument of public good.
The use of options changes the entire game, completely eliminating the government's involvement in private land acquisition. Instead of being fixated on just the tract that is needed, a private developer starts with a much larger potential tract, and focuses on buying an option to buy the land later with each individual plot owner. An option is simply a contract that binds the plot owner to sell the land at a later date at a certain price. If a plot owner refuses to sell the option, no coercion needs to be used. The developer simply talks to more plot owners and expands the scope of the search, until enough options are acquired that will give them a contiguous plot of land large enough for the development. Then, the developer can exercise the options they need, and purchase the underlying land.
The implications of this are immense. First, agents of private developers don't need to reveal the purpose of the acquisition. When I buy a battery in the store, the price of the battery is not dependent on what I use it for. The only thing that matters in the option deal is that plot owners feel they are getting a good deal. If they don't want to sell the option, their liberty is respected and the developer moves on. Second, the amount of money paid for the option is a fraction of the cost of the land. Thus, the process of finding contiguous land is no longer prohibitively expensive. Third, because it is a contract that is entered into voluntarily from both sides, the chances of ending up in court are small. Fourth, and perhaps most important, by insisting that private developers manage their own land acquisition process with options, the government keeps its hands clean and avoids creating a human rights violation. No police force or guns will be necessary when individual liberty is respected on all sides. Tribals, who have suffered much due to coercive land acquisition, will finally get their right to refuse to part with their land if they so choose. Finally, because we now have a mechanism to acquire land without violating human rights, we no longer need to put restrictions on usage, and can have much simpler land acquisition laws.
Voluntary land acquisition has been tried with success by large companies in the west (one example is Disney) who got fed up with the problems of using the government to get private land. Some may point out that what works in the west may not necessarily work in India. First, if we can actually save lives, lower costs and respect the rights of landowners without compromising on development, it does not matter where such a great idea comes from. Second, options have been in use in India for a long time, without us explicitly recognising it. If you've tried buying land in India, chances are you've been asked to pay a "roka" as North Indians would call it. The "roka" is an advance that a buyer would pay a seller after which the seller would stop showing the land to others. The "roka" is an option, a right to buy the land within a specified time. "Roka" options are quite common in the real-estate market and are probably referred to with different words in different parts of the country.
Finally, the Indian government needs to revoke the British-era law Article 300-A that gives the government the right to acquire individual property through any argument of public good. We should realise that governments claim almost any economic activity as a public good, and forcible acquisition laws become a vehicle for individual abuse. By revoking this law, private parties will be forced to do their homework and learn how to voluntarily acquire land, instead of naively dragging in the government, creating a human rights mess, and letting the government deal with the consequences. Proceeding on this path will allow us to combine head and heart, as the Indian philosophers have taught us, to get us unstuck and break new ground.
The writer works on values-based decision systems at SmartOrg in the US. somik.raha@gmail.com

Kerala thrash Chennaiyin 3-0 in 1st leg of 1st semi-finalsports
ISL: Kerala Blasters thrash Chennaiyin FC 3-0 in first leg of first semi-final
Kerala Blasters and Chennaiyin FC played the first leg of the first semi-final of the Indian Super League. Both teams looked good for a goal early. (Source: ISL)
But Kerala took the lead in the 27th minute through Ahmed and pushed Chennai on the backfoot. (Source: ISL)
Sachin Tendulkar, Yuvraj Singh and Zaheer Khan were seen in the crowd supporting Kerala Blasters which is co-owned by Tendulkar. (Source: ISL)
What hurt Chennai more was the second goal by Kerala through Hume and they were clearly dejected after that. (Source: ISL)
Chennai tried their best to bounce back but nothing went their way. Kerala dominated the play and never allowed the game to go out of their hands. (Source: ISL)
Mathew scored scored the goal of the tournament for the Kerala Blaster which was a left-footed curl to the top corner. (Source: ISL)
Skip this Advertisement

Enjoying the capital flows rideBruno Carrasco, Subir Gokarn & Hiranya Mukhopadhyay: Enjoying the capital flows ride
Bruno Carrasco & Subir Gokarn & Hiranya Mukhopadhyay |  Dec 13, 2014 09:50 PM IST
The last 10 years have been a roller coaster ride of sorts for emerging market economies (EMEs), with many witnessing significant and unprecedented increases and subsequent declines in capital flows.
Sudden changes in capital flows from risk-on, risk-off investment decisions and resulting volatility have led to serious challenges to macroeconomic management including high inflation, overheating, real exchange rate misalignments, current account imbalances, and ultimately crisis. While in many instances domestic policies at EMEs have led to weak fundamentals and sharp sell-offs, in other instances policies adopted in advanced economies as part of crisis resolution - including quantitative easing - reverberated on EMEs, complicating matters further. Brazil, India, and Indonesia have been cases in point.
Against this backdrop and following many other EME crises, including the Asian financial crisis (1997-1998), the Russian crisis (1998), the Brazilian crisis (1999) and the Turkish crisis (2001), the key question is: have policymakers oversold the importance of capital flows to the economy? We outline three key messages that will not only explain the importance of capital flows but also point to improvements in capital flow management that enhance financial stability and enable more active and decisive policy making.
Message 1
The importance of capital flows: Standard arguments in favour of capital flows highlight two key benefits reflecting (i) allocative efficiency between the world's savers and investors, given the higher returns to investments in capital-deficient economies, and (ii) consumption smoothing over the medium term. Moreover, certain types of capital flows, such as foreign direct investment (FDI), are associated with productivity growth from technological advances and improvements in management capacity over and above capital formation.
However, against this backdrop, empirical evidence does not support the supposed virtues of financial openness. Studies have pointed out that on average over the past 25 years there have been three-to-four systemic banking crises per year. Further, a sample of 40 financial crises found that a quarter of them resulted in cumulative output losses in excess of 25 per cent of pre-crisis gross domestic product (GDP).
The key therefore lies in a country's ability to strike the right balance in terms of capital account liberalisation and ensuring certain speed controls are in place in this process. Speed controls would help to ensure that there is sufficient absorptive capacity in the economy, that priority is given to longer-term FDI instead of the more volatile portfolio flows, and that it does not lead to overshooting of critical asset prices. These speed controls would mitigate against financial instability and eventually financial crisis, both of which would undermine the benefits of capital flows on investment and growth. India, for example, has adopted a calibrated and gradual approach toward opening the capital account while prioritising the liberalisation of certain flows.
Message 2
Price stability does not guarantee financial stability: The critical question here is - how to ensure financial stability? To answer, one must recognise the death of the conventional wisdom that central banks should focus on price stability and lean against the wind if - and only if - rampant asset prices such as real estate could influence inflation. The new norm espoused by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision is based on macro-prudential regulations. Macro-prudential regulations operate by having banks set aside sufficient pools of capital and liquidity levels to avoid externalities related to systemic risks. If effectively implemented - as witnessed during the sub-prime mortgage crisis - this would avoid risks to the real economy posed by closing or liquidating a bank, particularly a systemically important one. The government of Brazil and the country's central bank were proactive in using macro-prudential policies to deal with the risks to the Brazilian financial system.
Message 3
Active policy is critical to withstand financial headwinds: The alert reader will have noted the qualification in the penultimate sentence of the preceding paragraph. Effective implementation of macro-prudential policies and overall macro financial management is critical to avoid persistent exchange rate and interest rate misalignments that can lead to economic and financial fragilities. As observed during India's financial markets volatility in 2007-2012, a full arsenal of measures were adopted by the Reserve Bank of India on price and financial stability goals. These included calibrating the debt component of capital flows, liberalisation of policies with regard to capital outflows, flexibility in exchange rate movements with bouts of interventions in the foreign exchange market to smoothen volatilities, and sterilisation through changes in the cash reserve requirement and open market operations. While some measures may have been more effective than others, a potential crisis was nevertheless avoided.
In conclusion, the last 10 years have been challenging ones for EME economic policymakers, in particular central bankers. In Managing Capital Flows - Issues in Selected Emerging Market Economies, a volume we have edited that is being published by Oxford University Press, it is found that the experience of central bankers in Brazil, India, and Indonesia tends to demonstrate that flexibility and pragmatism is required during episodes of heightened volatility, rather than adherence to strict theoretical rules. With monetary policy independence cherished, EMEs have effectively learned how to become better at navigating the Impossible Trinity by shifting from hard-corner solutions to the middle ground. Further, conventional approaches that once relegated financial stability considerations to the side events displayed on the rear view mirror of the central bank dashboard are now obsolete. With these lessons, EMEs should be in a better position to reap the benefits of better-managed capital flows and enjoy a smoother ride.
Bruno Carrasco and Hiranya Mukhopadhyay are with the Asian Development Bank. Subir Gokarn is with Brookings India

The backbone of all financial transactions'The backbone of all financial transactions'
Arun Jaitley |  Dec 13, 2014 09:44 PM IST
I beg to move that the Payment and Settlement System (Amendment) Bill, 2014 be taken into consideration.
I have gone through the provisions of the Amendment and I have a written note which is ready and I could read out to explain what the amendment is about.
Sir, the payment and settlement system in commercial transactions is the backbone of all financial transactions. I issue a cheque in favour of somebody. It goes through a clearing house from my banker to the recipient bankers and, therefore, there is a payment and settlement system involved in this. Prior to 2007, this was all being managed through an executive notification and authorities created under that.
In 2007, the government at that time, and rightly so, enacted the Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007. I would just read from the preamble of that Act one sentence. It will be clear as to what the purpose of that Act was. "An Act to provide for regulation and supervision of payment systems in India and to designate the Reserve Bank of India as the authority, for that purpose and for the matters connected therewith and incidental thereto."
So, the payment systems are to be regulated by the Reserve Bank of India. Now, what does the Act say? The principal Act after definition says that it is only the Reserve Bank and whoever has an authorisation from the Reserve Bank, can run a payment system. In a payment system, you can have two kinds of actors involved. One is a system participant. My bank will be a system participant. In a private transaction, just as for instance today, this radio taxi service controversy is going on, how does a consumer pay for these radio taxies that are currently in controversy? These are not governmental transactions or banking transactions.
Earlier, the system was that he would register himself with the private taxi company and he would come on their WhatsApp. He would give his credit card number. Once he gave his credit card number, every time he wanted to hire a taxi, he would just press the WhatsApp of that taxi. They would locate where the passenger is and then they would pick him up. When he would leave the taxi, he would not pay, but it will be credited to his account.
Now, a violation was discovered that the payment gateway was outside India. So, the Reserve Bank told them to bring it within India. So, from December 1 this year, it appeared in the newspapers that Paytm, a local wallet has been created by one of these companies, which is in controversy. The payment is deposited in advance through a credit card or cash into that wallet. Every time you use the service, you have already paid in rupees. So that wallet becomes the service provider.
When this original Act was enacted, there is a provision that under Section 7, the Reserve Bank will permit an authorisation to any person. It could be a state agency; it could be a non-state agency. But without the authorisation of the Reserve Bank, you cannot become a service provider. That is a designated authority. That is how the commerce in this area is evolved. If you default, what are the consequences etc… the Act provides for it.
There is a provision under Section 23. Section 23 says and since Saugata Roy was raising a point of order, I could quite anticipate what he wanted to say. The amendment is very simple, though it is couched in a very complicated phraseology and unless you understand this commerce, it looks a little complicated. I myself yesterday had spent a lot of time before I could understand it simply. ... (Interruptions)
Mallikarjun Kharge: If we read the Objects and Reasons, we will not be able to understand it.
Jaitley: So far, I think, I am putting very simply. Our lady colleague and I just discussed along with Deepinder Singh Hooda. It took them two and a half to three minutes to follow as to what it is all about.
Section 23 says: "What if the system participant..." That is, suppose, I have to give money to somebody. What happens if either the recipient or I become insolvent? Now the sanctity of commercial transaction is to be respected. So, either of us becomes insolvent under ordinary law of the land and those for whose behalf we are transacting, that is, the bank becomes insolvent. Then under the Banking Regulations Act or the Companies Act, they owe money to me. I will have to stand in a queue. The old Companies Act had a provision under Section 529. First, the taxation authorities get the money after insolvency and liquidation. Thereafter, the workmen will get the money; thereafter, the secured creditors will get the money and in the last, the unsecured creditors will come. So, they are holding my money but I will stand last in the queue. So, the original Act has a provision under Section 23. If a system participant became insolvent, then Companies Act and the Banking Regulations Act will not apply. Under this Act, you first pay to the person on whose behalf you are holding the money. If anything else is left, then that procedure for the rest of the land will apply.
So, the Act in 2007 envisaged this. But the Act did not envisage a situation where not the participant but what if the system provider itself becomes insolvent. If the system provider becomes insolvent, the Companies Act will apply; if the system provider is a bank, the Banking Regulation Act will apply. So, we go back to the same problem. This amendment entirely is that even if the service provider, which is the clearing house, becomes insolvent, then first pay the money to those whose money you were clearing, and if anything is left, then the rest of the procedure will apply. This is entirely the amendment in simple language.
There are some editorial corrections in the original Bill in the language of this section. And then Section 23 is being replaced with those editorial language corrections to say that the procedure of insolvency, which applies to the system participants will also apply to the system provider. That is entirely the Bill.
With these few comments, Sir, I commend this Bill to this House for consideration.
Edited excerpts from Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's opening statement on the Payment and Settlement System (Amendment) Bill, 2014, Lok Sabha, New Delhi, December 9, 2014

The fault lies within usT C A Srinivasa-Raghavan: 'The fault lies within us'
T C A Srinivasa-Raghavan |  Dec 13, 2014 09:46 PM IST
Why is everyone so worked up over the conversion of 200-odd dirt poor Muslims in the slums of Agra to Hinduism?
Why was there no indignation when a much larger number of Hindus adopted Christianity in some other states?
Would there be similar consternation if it was a Hindu-Buddhism or Hindu-Jain matter?
Would anyone have even noticed if the Bharatiya Janata Party-Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh combine had not been in power?
Drawing rooms all over India are full of these questions after some Muslims were "re-converted" to Hinduism, whatever that means.
After all, we must not forget that many Hindus believe you have to be born a Hindu to be one.
A small minority believes that it is enough to practise Hindu rituals to be a Hindu. For the majority, it doesn't matter a whit.
One way or another, there is no consensus on conversion to Hinduism, which suggests that, from a purely religious point of view, these conversions are meaningless.
They are, in fact, intended by the organisers to make a political point, which explains why non-National Democratic Alliance political parties are so agitated. They spent a whole day on Thursday debating the issue in Parliament.
Needless to say, nothing useful emerged from it.
Indeed, the only sensible thing about it was said by Subramanian Swamy, a very insistent Hindutva activist. He tweeted that a "Law to completely ban religious conversion is unconstitutional. But induced conversion ban is ok. Such a law would require a de-conversion clause."
Which century are we living in?
A long history
The first major conversions away from Brahminical Hinduism happened about 550 years before the Christian era began.
Those converts were largely from the merchant class. They became Buddhists in order to free themselves from the exactions of Brahmins and their rituals.
The second phase of conversions happened from 7th century onwards when Arab traders came to Malabar.
These were peaceful conversions to Islam and not mass conversions. Many of them happened because the Arab traders married Indian women.
At about the same time, another set of peaceful conversions was happening there - to Christianity. These were also not mass conversions.
The next phase began - this time accompanied by violence - with the Muslim invasions of North India in the 12th century.
To the extent that India's historical memory is shaped by what has happened in north and central India and, given the way in which the invaders behaved, the current Hindu attitude is largely governed by that memory.
Even so, conversions to Islam were not very significant in number until Akbar's reign.
His territorial conquests, however, required a huge Army, which needed supplies of all kinds.
Then a Mughal version of the latter-day public sector purchase preference policy came into play. Result: it became profitable for small businessmen to become a Muslim, even if only in name.
Most of these converts belonged to the artisan classes - makers of clothes, shoes, stirrups, saddles, swords and so on.
Preferential buying from them by the mansabdars stoked resentment among those who chose not to convert and lost business. That resentment seems to have been cast in stone.
After a period of quiet that lasted more than a 100 years, towards the end of his long reign Aurangzeb started discriminating against the Hindus, sometimes with "extreme prejudice".
This again led to large-scale conversions, this time out of fear.
The next wave came with the advent of Sikhism in the 17th and 18th centuries when, once again, a very large number of Hindus abandoned their religion to embrace another, one that was kinder and more egalitarian.
Then, in the 19th century after control passed to the British crown in 1860, a large number of Christian priests came and began conversions.
It was mostly Hindus and tribal people who converted. But the numbers were still quite small, relatively speaking.
In the 20th century, American Christian organisations also entered the conversion scene, especially in the north-east.
The real question
Hindus are the only religious group at which conversions to other religions have been aimed. Why do so many people who are born Hindus choose to convert for a mess of pottage?
This is something that the protagonists of Hindutva need to think about. Should these conversions become a political issue or should they lead Hinduism's spiritual leaders to attempt a serious analysis of why so many Hindus opt for other religions, when among the hardest things to abandon is the religion you are born into? People don't do that unless the new one offers equality.
For example, how many of them have spoken out against the caste system? Why has that been left to political leaders?
Haec inquitas est in nobis - the fault lies within us.

Those who take education seriously don t want a joke: Madhu KishwarThose who take education seriously don't want a joke: Madhu Kishwar
Anjali Puri |  Dec 13, 2014 09:42 PM IST
Provocative as ever, Madhu Kishwar, Director of Indic Studies at the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies, opposes the recent ministerial stances on educational and cultural matters, yet argues, controversially, that Union Minister Niranjan Jyoti spoke as she did because she is a "subaltern". Edited excerpts from an interview with Anjali Puri:
Pratap Bhanu Mehta wrote the other day that Sanskrit has more to fear from its supporters than its attackers, and you tweeted, "Please save the Bhagwad Gita from being turned into a sarkari text." Are we seeing the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)'s political-cultural agenda being promoted in an unintelligent way?
We have done ourselves great harm by having pushed Sanskrit to the margins and neglected it brutally. Today, if you have to learn Sanskrit properly you go to one of the American universities. You don't even think of going to Benaras, leave alone finding a good teacher in Delhi. If the BJP were serious about Sanskrit, the least they owed themselves is to have built world-class institutions for the study of Sanskrit in the states where they have been in power.
If the BJP didn't do this, as you point out, what is all the noise about now?
Forget what they didn't do, even today, if Smriti Irani were serious about Sanskrit, one of the first things she would do is start setting up a dozen world-class centres for learning Sanskrit. If you don't produce good teachers and scholars, how do you motivate children to learn the language?
Where do you weigh in on the Sanskrit-German row?
I was one of the first people to say Narendra Modi had made a disastrous choice in selecting Irani as the human resource development (HRD) minister. She forced the rollback of the Delhi University four-year programme under the most humiliating conditions. Similarly, even if she is legally right that the three language formula demands an Indian language - and there is a point there - you don't do it mid-stream. You don't play with students' careers.
Perhaps you are laying too much blame at her door. Isn't the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) backing her? Modi, too, agrees with what she is doing, right?
Only a section of the RSS is backing her. Those who take education seriously don't want a joke… If he (Modi) agrees with it, I can only say that being at 7, Race Course Road has damaged his brain because he was not like that. If you look at his track record as Gujarat Chief Minister, which I have done very closely, what are the things he is known for? No knee-jerk reactions to situations, well-thought out moves, laying out a clear road map…
You're basically saying this is his agenda but he would not have implemented it this way?
In Gujarat, he made a promise to train 100,000 Sanskrit teachers and he went about doing it very well. They even began celebrating Sanskrit Mahotsavs. A Sanskrit university was set up. Things were set into motion in a dignified manner, and this is producing some results.
Yet Gujarat is not a world centre of Sanskrit…
No it isn't, not yet. I would really get the best brains in the world to come together, and then start branching out. I don't think he managed to do that, but the scale of what he did was remarkable. The effort was sincere. Yahan to nautanki chalti hai. (This is a drama.) There is real disquiet within the BJP about this. Notice that Baba Ramdev, who has been among Modi's most ardent supporters, has kept quiet on Irani and Sanskrit.
What about the Bhagawad Gita, which Sushma Swaraj wants to turn into a national scripture?
Sushmaji is trying to be more loyal than the king. It doesn't behove her to say these things, without understanding the implications of what she is saying. Even if there were no Muslims or Christians in India, the fact is there are many sacred texts. If you are a Shaivite, for instance, the Gita may not mean the same thing to you as it does to a Vaishnavite. And yet, there is a general consensus that it is one of the greatest texts. Nobody has challenged the reverence it commands and it has happened without Swaraj, or government patronage. Maybe Sushmaji thinks that Irani has become a darling of a section of the RSS, let me also try.
But what do you think of the Prime Minister giving Ganesh as an example of plastic surgery in ancient India?
I would not have used the Ganesh example, because an elephant head on a human body may or may not be the best way to drive home the point about plastic surgery. But plastic surgery certainly originated in India, much before Europe got to it. There is good scientific evidence. Look at the book by Dharampal on science and technology in pre-independence India, it is a very scholarly work.
As an academic, are you not disturbed by a flurry of statements from people with BJP and RSS affiliations making claims for what happened in ancient India, citing events in the epics as real events and so on?
Statements don't do any great harm. If Romila Thapar can be allowed freedom of opinion, why not them? If they say it, you can challenge it, but to see it as such a threat doesn't make sense. Also, let there be high-quality scholarship around our texts. You do not need to take every word in them as a literal truth, but you do need to investigate. Let's have debate and discussion, not Rajdeep Sardesai or Arnab Goswami becoming the arbiters of destiny in these matters since they neither have the expertise nor the cool, calm temper.
Does it not dilute the government's stated commitment to promoting scientific temper if the HRD minister sits for hours with an astrologer?
You can't blame her for that. Everybody, including Indira Gandhi, went to astrologers. If reports are correct, even the previous HRD Minister, Pallam Raju, did not enter his office before he found an auspicious moment, and pujas were done. (Barack) Obama went to church before he took office, we don't consider that a sin.
What do you say to the argument that Union Minister Niranjan Jyoti said what she did because she is a "subaltern"? Is that not being unfair to subalterns?
When subalterns begin to speak for themselves, they are not going to speak the script that Gayatri Spivak or others have written for them. Their language and expression will be such that it shakes people up. What about Mayawati? Remember tilak, tarazu aur talwar, unko maron joote char. (Beat up the Brahmins, Banias and Kshatriyas.) No one said anything then, because it was anti upper-caste. It is fashionable to be anti them. Look at the kind of abuse that Brahmins have taken from Dalit intellectuals, from the DMK (Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam).
She is not the originator of the "ramzada-haramzada" coinage. It is said to have emanated around the time of the Muzaffarnagar riots.
Still, it is coming from these groups. These are the cultural subalterns of India, take it or leave it.

India goes down fighting despite Kohlis stirring centuryADELAIDE, Australia, December 13, 2014
Updated: December 14, 2014 01:56 IST
India goes down fighting despite Kohli’s stirring century
S. Dinakar
Tweet
AP
Australia's Brad Haddin leaps into the arms of teammate Nathan Lyon as they celebrate after defeating India by 48 run on the final day of their cricket test match in Adelaide on Saturday.
AP
Australia's Nathan Lyon appeals unsuccessfully to the umpire as teammate Steven Smith joins in during the final day of their cricket test match against India in Adelaide, Australia on Saturday.
AP
Virat Kohli walks from the field after he was dismissed for 141 runs during the final day of their cricket test match against Australia in Adelaide, Australia on Saturday.
SLIDESHOW
Battling Vijay misses his ton by a whisker; Lyon sets up a thrilling victory for Australia
The Test was at stake when Mitchell Marsh positioned himself under the swirling ball at deep mid-wicket.
The Aussie, with the weight of expectations descending on him, closed his hands over the ball. His teammates, bowler Nathan Lyon included, gambolled towards him in celebration.
Virat Kohli looked despondent at the crease; his magnificent 141 of aggression, innovation and sheer brilliance on a wearing last day track had come to an end.
This was the decisive moment of an outstanding first Test on a pulsating fifth day at the Adelaide Oval on Saturday. A resurgent Australia — doing it for its 13th man Phillip Hughes — emerged victorious by 48 runs. Australia leads the four-Test Border-Gavaskar series 1-0.
Bold declaration
It was a day when you admired the bold Australian declaration and marvelled at the spirit of a young Indian line-up on the chase.
You also lauded some outstanding bowling by off-spinner Lyon, who added seven wickets to his first innings tally of five, and acknowledged the technical attributes behind opener Murali Vijay’s battling 99.
Yet, as the fascinating Test unfolded on a decisive day of fortune swings, it was an opportunity lost for India.
Going to tea at 205 for two, pursuing 364, India held the aces. The side went on to lose the match from there as Australia staged a dramatic comeback.
As wickets tumbled in a tumultuous final session, India had no option but to go for strokes since some of its present batsmen and the tail simply did not possess the defensive skills to save a Test when the ball turned and bounced for Lyon.
In other words, India had no plan ‘B’ to bat out the overs once its key batsmen were dismissed.
Credit to Australia that held its nerve once skipper Michael Clarke departed after lunch with a hamstring injury.
Stand-in captain Brad Haddin — despite a frustrating wicket-less session between lunch and tea where India added 100 runs — kept attacking fields for both Kohli and Vijay.
The Aussies were willing to trade runs for wickets. The gamble worked.
Once Vijay went back to a sharp Lyon off-spinner and was trapped leg-before — the dismissal ended the 185-run third-wicket association between him and Kohli — Australia opened up one end. The host, then, made serious inroads.
The Aussies were, however, fortunate when Ajinkya Rahane was adjudged caught at short-leg off Lyon when the ball went off his pad.
A struggling Rohit Sharma was consumed by Lyon; the Aussie bowled a teasing outside-the-off-stump line. Wriddhiman Saha’s brief blitzkrieg ended with a rash waltz that lacked common sense. Then the gallant Kohli fell to a miscued pull.
With Man-of-the-Match Lyon from one end and the Australian pacemen from the other applying pressure, the resistance from the lower-order ended swiftly. Before he departed, Kohli conjured what must rank as a great fifth day Test innings. His confidence borders on brashness, but Kohli has a truckload of self-belief.
Brilliant knock
He was astonishing in the manner he played on a deteriorating surface. He used his feet, manoeuvred his hands to produce extraordinary strokes such as the flat-batted slap past covers off a Lyon off-spinner on this track.
Lyon was also wristed with power by Kohli over long-on, swept, and swung. Kohli created strokes out of nothing even as he performed the feat of scoring a century in each innings in his first Test as captain.
Travelling deep into his crease, Kohli often shortened the length against Lyon. On occasion Lyon went round the wicket, Kohli opened his stance slightly to counter the angle and give himself greater room on the leg-side.
When Johnson pitched short, he pulled and guided the ball through slips. Ryan Harris was blasted through covers.
Vijay handled Johnson’s pace and lift with sound back-foot play — his feet and mind were in harmony.
When Harris pounded in from round the wicket, Vijay left the delivery alone in typical fashion. The opener employed the sweep against Lyon. When Lyon, consequently, pitched shorter, Vijay cut him past the ropes.
The opener, on 85, was put down at short cover by Marsh off Johnson.
The Vijay-Kohli association — the two joined forces after a confident-looking Cheteshwar Pujara prodded at and nicked a Lyon delivery outside off — was a period of Indian dominance. Eventually, Lyon and Australia fought back.
Umpiring errors
It was a day of umpiring errors, too. Shikhar Dhawan was adjudged caught when a Johnson lifter went off his shoulder. Vijay was fortunate on 24 when he padded up to Lyon; replays showed the ball hitting the stumps.
Scoreboard
Australia — 1st innings: 517 for seven decl.
India — 1st innings: 444.
Australia — 2nd innings: 290 for five decl.
India — 2nd innings: M. Vijay lbw b Lyon 99 (234b, 10x4, 2x6), S. Dhawan c Haddin b Johnson 9 (8b, 1x4), C. Pujara c Haddin b Lyon 21 (38b, 4x4), V. Kohli c Marsh b Lyon 141 (175b, 16x4, 1x6), A. Rahane c Rogers b Lyon 0 (5b), Rohit c Warner b Lyon 6 (18b, 1x4), W. Saha b Lyon 13 (10b, 1x4, 1x6), Karn (not out) 4 (20b), M. Shami c Johnson b Harris 5 (10b, 1x4), V. Aaron lbw b Johnson 1 (3b), Ishant st. Haddin b Lyon 1 (2b); Extras (b-5, lb-8, w-2): 15; Total (in 87.1 overs): 315.
Fall of wickets: 1-16 (Dhawan), 2-57 (Pujara), 3-242 (Vijay), 4-242 (Rahane), 5-277 (Rohit), 6-299 (Saha), 7-304 (Kohli), 8-309 (Shami), 9-314 (Aaron).
Australia bowling: Johnson 16-2-45-2, Harris 19-6-49-1, Lyon 34.1-5-152-7, Siddle 9-3-21-0, Watson 2-0-6-0, Smith 3-0-18-0, Marsh 4-1-11-0.

Champions Trophy: Pakistan wins a thriller  makes finalUpdated: December 14, 2014 09:18 IST
Champions Trophy: Pakistan wins a thriller, makes final
Y.B. Sarangi
Tweet
The Hindu
Pakistan players celebrate unethically along with the team members after beating India in the semifinal of the Champions Trophy hockey at Kalinga Stadium in Bhubaneswar on Saturday. Photo : Sandeep Saxena
The Hindu
Germany's Florian Fuchs scores past the Australian defenders in the semi final of the Champions Trophy hockey at Kalinga Stadium in Bhubaneswar, Odisha on Saturday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
Hockey
Germany downs five-time champion Australia in the other semifinal
The Saturday blockbuster involving India and Pakistan had disappointment in store for the passionate home fans as the host lost 4-3 an evenly-contested, high voltage semifinal clash of the Champions Trophy hockey tournament at the Kalinga Stadium here.
Incidentally, India had also lost to the same opponent in the last four of the 2012 edition in Melbourne.
The defeat also meant that the third place finish in 1982 remains India's best ever performance in the Champions Trophy.
Meets Germany
World No. 11 Pakistan, which reached the final after 16 years on the strength of Muhammad Arslan Qadir's brace, will take on Olympic champion and nine-time winner Germany on Sunday.
The world No. 3 edged past five-time defending champion Australia 3-2.
It was also a big achievement for Germany, which had struggled throughout the year and came into this event with a team which had several players from the 2013 Junior World Cup-winning squad, as it made the final after 2009.
As expected, Pakistan used its sharpened wings to cut through the Indian defence frequently and kept hitting into the circle from the right.
India, which kept its cool and tried to maintain its structure, was lucky that a few of the attempts did not find the target. P.R. Sreejesh again showed his alertness in blocking a few.
India's response was occasional, but one of it earned the breakthrough as Gurjinder Singh rolled wide and into the right corner of the Pakistan post to put India ahead off its first penalty corner in the 12th minute.
Pakistan wasted its video referral after unsuccessfully challenging the goal.
Gurbaj Singh's foul on a Pakistani player in the 14th minute cost India dear.
The key player was yellow-carded for 10 minutes and the host conceded a short corner at the stroke of the first quarter.
Pakistan struck back soon after resumption as the hard-working Ammad Shakeel Butt crossed it from the right and Qadir defected it in to silence the packed house.
India, which played most of the second quarter with 10 men, was led well by Sardar Singh and managed to prevent further damage.
Pakistan tightened the screws by scoring the second goal after the change of ends. Qadir received a through ball on the edge of the circle and precisely crossed it to Muhammad Waqas to push it home.
In a highly physical game, which witnessed three Pakistanis and one Indian getting temporary suspension in a span of 14 minutes, India replied with two penalty corners but the scoreline remained unaltered.
India equalised through Dharamvir Singh, but the match swung again in favour of Pakistan with Muhammad Irfan converting a penalty corner.
Despite issues with trapping inside the Pakistan ‘D’, Nikkin Thimmaiah guided home a pass from Gurbaj to make it 3-3.
A minute-and-a-half away from close, Qadir slotted home the winner and the Pakistan players celebrated by taking off their jerseys as emotions flared in the stands.
The results:
Semifinals: Germany 3 (Timur Cruz 5, Mats Grambusch 9, Florian Fuchs 31) bt Australia Chris Ciriello 34, Nicholas Budgeon 42).
Pakistan 4 (Muhammad Arslan Qadir 16, 59, Muhammad Waqas 32, Muhammad Irfan 49) bt India 3 (Gurjinder Singh 12, Dharamvir Singh 44, Nikkin Thimmaiah 49).
5th-8th places: The Netherlands 2 (Jeroen Hertzberger 11, Sander Baart 30) bt Belgium 2 (Tom Boon 49, Tanguy Cosyns 60) via penalty shoot-out [Ned 4 (Hertzberger, Robert Kemperman, Seve van Ass, Baart) bt Belgium 2 (Felix Denayer, Arthur van Doren)].
Argentina 2 (Gonzalo Peillat 25, 48) bt England 1 (Ashley Jackson 12).

What the #Justice4all march looks like in D.C.By Masuma Ahuja December 13, 2014 Follow @masumaahuja
As the streets near Freedom Plaza in D.C. filled with demonstrators for the Justice for All March , here’s a look at photos, video and tweets from the crowd.
The crowd:
— Kayla Epstein (@KaylaEpstein) December 13, 2014
The men from Ferguson with the megaphones have gotten the chanting started in the crowd. pic.twitter.com/nRBU2bHYSG
— Albert Samaha (@AlbertSamaha) December 13, 2014
"Where we from?" "Ferguson!" pic.twitter.com/MaOy1TpDvt
— Albert Samaha (@AlbertSamaha) December 13, 2014
Their chants:
— Trymaine Lee (@trymainelee) December 13, 2014
More from Freedom Plaza in D.C. https://t.co/9fwY3h3XpD
— Ryan J. Reilly (@ryanjreilly) December 13, 2014
The crowd at Freedom Plaza in D.C. https://t.co/yUPlUem2dd
— Ryan J. Reilly (@ryanjreilly) December 13, 2014
. @nettaaaaaaaa finally got the mic at Freedom Plaza in D.C. https://t.co/2RlebROiEs
— Ryan J. Reilly (@ryanjreilly) December 13, 2014
Their signs:
— Scott Wong (@scottwongDC) December 13, 2014
Alicia Warren, of Upper Marlboro, Md., makes a last-minute sign at DC rally pic.twitter.com/JcLStjYzex
— michael e. ruane (@michaelruane) December 13, 2014
My favorite quote: pic.twitter.com/CCakVTNAjf
— Albert Samaha (@AlbertSamaha) December 13, 2014
Neneh Sillah, 21, is a biochemistry major at St. Mary's college in MD. "This is not a post-racial society." pic.twitter.com/sv5C5meN4B
— Mariam Baksh (@MariamBaksh) December 13, 2014
"White silence is white consent. But do not dominate the conversation." #marchforjustice pic.twitter.com/480fqyvI6S

Survey of India files complaint against Google mapsSurvey of India files complaint against Google maps
PTI
Tweet
Dehradun, Dec 13:  
Survey of India today filed a complaint with police against Google maps for alleged wrong depiction of India’s international boundaries.
Dalanwala Police station in charge Anil Kumar Joshi said that the Survey of India, in its complaint, said that Google maps is depicting India’s international boundaries in a “wrong” manner, that is not justified.
Joshi said the Survey of India has sought police action in the matter.
After verification of the points raised by the Survey of India in the complaint, police will file an FIR, Joshi said.
Survey of India is country’s national survey and mapping organisation under the department of Science and Technology.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Heart-rending journey of North Korean defectorsprint
On a recent foggy November day, the Dora Observatory in the Korean Dimilitarised Zone (DMZ), an occasionally tense buffer area between South and North Korea was bursting with tourists. Some were queuing up behind large stand-alone binoculars to catch a glimpse of the Communist regime. Others were posing with South Korean soldiers for a photo to share on social media.
Afar, the North Korean (NK) flag – 160 metres in height and weighing 240 kg – could be barely seen through the rolling mist. The flag was slumped against its pole, planted amid a hilly and largely empty stretch of land.
“The South Korean (SK) flag is only 100 metres in height. The NK flag is so heavy, it does not flap unless there is a strong breeze,” tourist guide, Sunny said.
The flag might be shorter and lighter but it is to democratic and developed SK that many defectors from the North – ruled by a single family with a muscular grip and iron fists since the 1950s -- long to come.
Over 27,500 NK live in the South. Many like Kim Hyung-deok have gradually assimilated into their adopted country; it helps that the language, food and customs are same; it helps that the two countries were once one.
Kim was suspicious at first when I met him in a Seoul café late last month. How did I get his number?  After I explained, Kim relaxed, settled back on his chair and shared his story – a story about his escape from dictatorial NK, his months and years in prison in his native country and in China and his life in SK, a world away from the NK town he was born, about five hours away from Pyongyang, the bleak capital.
“There was no personal freedom. It is hard to live without government support in NK and since my grandfather had helped the SK military during the Korean War, our family was outside government support,” Kim recalled about his 20 years in NK, adding bits about how food was sometimes hard to get; and how his father toiled in mines for years to feed their large family of eight members.
Kim escaped to China by swimming across a border river in 1993, but not before spending a year in a NK jail. “I worked to build roads and a stadium. Officials ordered us to take things from civilians. I did and was jailed for it for a year,” Kim said. His voice dropped while talking about the jail term: “…very bad…not gentle…there was violence”.
After coming out of jail, he was determined to escape. But it was few more years before he could make his way to the land of his dreams: SK. The story of Kumhee Choi, in her early 30s, was similar to that of Kim’s. Like Kim, she escaped her dreary life in the reclusive, dictatorial country via China.
But unlike Kim, Kumheee escaped with her parents, sisters and brother. “We were called a lucky family. Had we been caught, it could have been very bad. But we managed,” Kumhee said.
Kumhee was 14 when she swam to cross the borders in the dead of the night. The next four years were spent in China where – like Kim – she and her family managed not to get repatriated – as per China’s policy – to NK.
For many NK defectors, SK is the automatic choice to spend the rest of their lives. “The official number of NK defectors living in the South is 27,253,” Insung Kim from the Database Centre for NK Human Rights (NKDB), said quoting SK’s ministry of unification.
“We have recorded 16 categories of human rights violations. More than 60% of violations are related to the lack of personal freedom and dignity. There are detentions and disappearances. There are cases related to food shortages, starvation, lack of religious freedom. About 10% are related to the violation of the basic Right to Life,” Insung Kim told HT during an interaction at the small, busy NKDB office in Seoul.
Then, there is torture. 
“All kinds…sleep and food deprivation, severe beating, electric shocks, forced positions for long periods, solitary detention in small spaces and hard labour,” he said. For political crimes, the punishment is detention in political prison camps and there is seldom any chance of reprieve.
For felony crimes, according to Insung Kim, suspects are thrown inside labour camps; depending on the severity, the years in the camps could range from six months to 15 years.
But for defectors, finding their way into SK is just the beginning; life is not easy in a new country.
Kumhee said with a sense of irony: “Here (in SK) even dogs get to eat rice”
“But,” she added, “It was very tough initially. I did odd jobs in the beginning, even as a security guard”.   “There was no warm welcome here. I was lonely, worked as a construction labourer and newspaper delivery man. No passport was issued initially. I even tried to return to NK but was arrested by the local police,” Kim said.
Luckily, both of them managed to get admission to universities and after graduation managed to get jobs. Both ended up marrying South Koreans.
As NKDB’s Insung said life is so different here that many NK feel homesick. Some, he said, get sucked into pushing and taking drugs and into petty financial scams.
“In SK, it is important to know English and computers. So, after they are accepted as defectors, they go through a three-month resettlement programme. They are taught the basics of democracy, how to operate bank accounts, given lessons on human rights – it is a concept completely foreign to them – and computer classes. They are given a guide initially and assistance to become employment,” he said, adding that they are also given an one-time $3000 grant and $750 four times for the next year.

Family ties: Big  fat Yadav wedding made in political heavenComments
Tej Pratap Yadav is yet to see Raj Laxmi, his bride to be. But he knows together, they hold the key to a major political marriage that would bring more than two powerful families together. Foreign-educated Tej Pratap, 27, is an MP from Mainpuri. More importantly, he is the grand-newphew of Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav.
Advertisement
And Raj Laxmi, 24, is Rashtriya Janata Dal chief Lalu Prasad’s youngest daughter. Their romance has blossomed since the two Yadav families met in Lucknow for shagun – pre-engagement ritual – on December 7. “I spoke to her for the first time after the ceremony and am looking forward to our first meeting on December 16,” Tej Pratap told HT.
December 16 is the day of their engagement at a Delhi farmhouse, where UP’s first family and that of Lalu in Bihar would converge. The marriage is likely in February.
For many in UP, the upcoming event is a throwback to the days when marriages sealed alliances between kingdoms across the Gangetic plain.
Others see it as a precursor to the December 22 dharna the Janata Parivar constituents plan to stage at Jantar Mantar.
Tej Pratap is excited that the match made by “our elders” would bring the two political parties and the two states together.
“I hope Raj Laxmi can adjust to life in our ancestral village Saifai, but she is excited too,” he said.
So is Mulayam, who has finally kept his word of bringing a bride from Lalu’s family. The former had earlier sought his son and UP chief minister Akhilesh’s marriage with the latter’s daughter. But Akhilesh was already committed to Dimple Rawat.
That aside, the two political patriarchs had their differences since 1990 when Lalu, as Bihar chief minister stopped LK Advani’s Rath Yatra on the border with UP in an alleged show of one-upmanship.
In 1997, Lalu threw a spanner in Mulayam’s bid to become the prime minister. They exchanged barbs in December 2013 too.
The matrimonial alliance has renewed their personal and political friendship.
SP insiders say Mulayam perhaps knew Lalu would like a man with some political status as his son-in-law. So he created space for Tej Pratap to be elevated from block pramukh to MP from Mainpuri earlier this year.
Amid the euphoria, Tej Pratap wishes his father and Mulayam’s nephew Ranbir Singh Yadav were alive to witness the momentous alliance. Ranbir, who died in 2002, was an important cog in the SP wheel.
For the time being, the SP chief has kept people guessing about the ‘bigger wedding’ – union of various regional forces that branched out of the Janata Dal. Both SP and RJD are dependent on Yadavs who form 20% of India’s population and together with the communities Nitish Kumar’s JD-U caters to, could make the elusive Third Front count across 120 Lok Sabha seats straddling UP and Bihar.

Theres a chance I may never play againUpdated: December 14, 2014 01:55 IST
‘There’s a chance I may never play again’
Special Correspondent
Tweet
AP
Australia's Michael Clarke reacts after injuring himself during the final day of their Test against India in Adelaide on Saturday.
SLIDESHOW
Test cricket
Michael Clarke has been ruled out of the remaining three Tests of the ongoing series and is a doubtful starter for the ICC ODI World Cup because of a tear in his right hamstring.
Much to the shock of everyone, the Australian captain said after the first Test concluded on Saturday, “There’s a chance I may never play again. I hope that does not happen. I’ll do everything in my power to get back on the park but have to be realistic and honest with myself.”
Batsman Shaun Marsh has been inducted for the second Test in Brisbane while left-arm seamer Mitchell Starc comes in as cover for Siddle, still not fully recovered from indisposition.
Clarke, injured while fielding on day five, said, “The experts are looking at the scans, I don’t know exactly how long I’m going to be out for.”
On his chances of being fit for the World Cup, he said, “Our first practice game before the World Cup is eight weeks away. I would love to take part in the tri-series, I’d love to take part in the World Cup but I just have to wait and see.”
Asked whether it was worth the risk to have played the Test and further gone back to bat and field after he had injured his back, Clarke replied, “This is the most important Test I have played (as a tribute to Phillip Hughes).”
He added, “I have no regrets.”
Clarke said, “India had just taken the second new ball, taken three wickets at the end of that day (first day), so I thought it was important that I got out there, and even if I couldn’t make runs, just see the new ball off.”
Clarke congratulated Brad Haddin for the manner in which he led the team. “If Brad is in the next three Tests as captain, he will do well.”
On Virat Kohli’s exceptional hundred, he said, “I remember Sachin playing like this years ago. Virat was something like that today. It was fantastic. Credit to him and Vijay.”
Asked about off-spinner Nathan Lyon’s 12-wicket match haul, Clarke responded, “Every single person in the change room knows how good he is. He is a match-winner.”

One can get together with the lesser evil to fight the enemyShould mobile VoIP services be charged extra?
In this Idea Exchange moderated by Santosh Singh of The Indian Express, Bihar chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi talks about his entry into politics, his party’s alliance with the RJD, and how Nitish Kumar has supported his decisions
JITAN RAM MANJHI: I was born near a nullah (rivulet). When I was one, there was a big flood, the nullah overflowed and the water reached our homes. There was no place to run. All members of the five-six families near the nullah climbed onto a nearby banyan tree for safety. My father wrapped me up in his dhoti and hung it from a tree branch. Four hours later, the water receded. We shifted to a place called Dhibra and started living there.
My parents were construction workers. My mother was dark, my father slim and fair. When he wore a sari since he was a natua (male dancer dressed as woman) and performed at festivals, people would marvel at him.
When I was six-seven years old, my father worked as a bonded farm labourer. Those days, the labourer’s son had to work in the landlord’s house. My father tried to negotiate with the landlord to let me study, but he didn’t listen. So, I worked at the landlord’s house.
A tutor used to visit that house. Coincidentally, my father and the tutor used to visit the same liquor shop. Once, I was squatting on the floor, as servants did, and watching the tutor teach the landlord’s son. The tutor got annoyed with him for not remembering a lesson and caned him. The next day he tried to cane the boy again, but I grabbed the stick and said that I would complain to the landlord that he hit him. I told the tutor I could tell him what he wanted to know in place of the landlord’s son, and did too.
The next day when the tutor met my father, he told him I should study. It was then that my studies started. In 1962, I passed my Class X.
LIZ MATHEW: How did you enter politics?
The same year, 1962, elections were around the corner. Candidates from political parties would visit the village and say vote for the Congress. So all the scheduled castes in the village would vote for the Congress. I thought, why can’t we ask for votes for ourselves. I told my friends I would join politics. But I was worried about what would happen if I was not able to take care of my parents, if they had to continue working as manual labourers. I knew I had to find a solution, and it was to provide my younger brother an education so that he could get a job and take care of my parents.
When I was in college, my teachers would ask me to deliver their lectures. It struck me that I am doing well in studies and even my teachers trust me so much, so why shouldn’t I become a professor after a Masters? So I decided to do my MA while also ensuring my brother studied. Even as he passed Class X, I studied till the first year of my MA.
liz mathew: Has this experience helped you or handicapped you in politics?
It helped me. But let me finish my story. My father never told me what to do. When I was in college, people were filling up forms to join politics, and I followed them. Then there was a vacancy for a government job and I applied. I told myself I would work until my younger brother is settled. When he became a sub-inspector of police, I joined politics. That was in 1976.
Maneesh Chhibber: Did you ever think that you would become a chief minister?
Not even in my dreams.
Maneesh Chhibber: When Nitish Kumar decided to resign as CM, what did you say to him?
No conversation happened. For the sake of the party, we told him not to resign. We said, ‘So many big politicians have lost and said they would resign but they didn’t. You didn’t even make such claims about resigning in the face of loss, so why do you have to resign?’. But then, the same people who said he shouldn’t resign accepted his resignation. I had packed my suitcase and was on my way to a wedding when I got a call from Nitishji. He asked me to meet him. When I reached his official home, Sharad Yadav was there. I headed towards a chair next to them. Nitishji said, ‘Don’t sit on that chair, sit on this one. This house is yours now.’
Maneesh Chhibber: Why did they choose you?
You should ask him that.
Maneesh Chhibber: What, according to you, was the reason?
Since I joined politics, I haven’t faced any controversies. I have even helped my enemies. I always forgive my enemies in the world of politics.
Santosh Singh: Are you under any pressure from the party, which appears to be trying to bring Nitish back and is projecting him as CM candidate in his Sampark Yatra?
Nitish Kumar is a great man. Whether his greatness is being questioned by a few people deliberately or due to ignorance, he is so great that, to me, he is a man on a very high pedestal. He has never said it (about being CM again), he’s never felt it. The suggestion of him taking care of the next elections and becoming the next CM…he did that under pressure. He made me the CM because he trusts me.
Liz Mathew: The BJP has been saying that since you became CM, you have not done much in the field of governance, and that you make controversial statements to stay in the news. What do you have to say about this?
In Ara, some girls were raped. In 24 hours, the culprits were caught, the chargesheet was filed. Isn’t this proof of good governance? Secondly, I went to Patna Medical College and Hospital (after the Gandhi Maidan stampede on Dussehra), I saw the condition of the poor patients, and realised the doctors were careless. I transferred them—this is something even Nitishji and Laluji didn’t do. Isn’t this proof enough? Thirdly, during Chhath Puja too, we managed well. Then, it was widely believed that certain officers wouldn’t be transferred or moved, I did that too my own way. I want to give health cards to scheduled castes, and give them a message that ‘don’t worry, I am there for you’. How many more examples do you want me to give?
Rakesh Sinha: What is your opinion on the JD(U) joining hands with the RJD during the elections?
One can join hands with the lesser evil to fight the enemy. And our greatest enemy right now is the BJP. If India’s sovereignty has to be kept intact and its various communities have to be kept united, then there are two-three things that have to be implemented. If things have to be okay in Kashmir then Article 370 should exist, if secular society has to be maintained, then we can’t move towards Uniform Civil Code, and if Hindus and Muslims have to stay united, the masjid-mandir issue needs to be resolved by court or by arbitration. These are three basic issues, and if they’re not sorted, it can hurt the foundation of our society/country.
The BJP wants to turn the country into a Hindu rashtra. People with a neutral stand will never want this, irrespective of which party they belong to. Keeping this as the premise, I spoke to Laluji. I was in his party in in the past, so when I became CM, he would have thought that ‘Manjhi is my man’. And then we united.
Today, Nitishji is moving forward. We spoke to Mulayam Singhji. Laluji is also forging a relationship with Mulayam Singhji. In the larger interest, this wedlock is fine.
We have also experimented with such a wedlock. In the bypolls to the Vidhan Sabha seats, we won six by large margins.
I have great respect for Laluji, he did a lot for marginalised communities, though no development, which came in the time of Nitishji.
P VAIDYANATHAN IYER: The JD(U) had a wedlock too with the BJP. How do you justify that?
At that time, Atal Bihari Vajpayee was PM and Nitishji was a minister, and we were with them because they decided not to touch the three issues I just mentioned. Under Modiji, the three issues are being treated differently. So how can we be together?
HARISH DAMODARAN: Isn’t the Mahadalit identity counter-productive? The bargaining power of the Dalits has been reduced. Doesn’t the Mahadalit identity dilute the philosophy of Ambedkar?
Everyone doesn’t think like this. Even within the SCs, there are some sub-castes whose social and economic situation has not improved after so many years. They have to be pushed somehow, right? That’s why they’re being given help in education and development.
VANDITA MISHRA: It all started as how you’re saying it but now it has reached a point where all the Dalit groups are Mahadalits, except the Paswans, and they’re a part of your opponent’s constituency.
That’s fine. But let me tell you the background. Through a person’s social, economic condition you can figure out their level of development or backwardness. Paswans come under the SCs but they have always had relations with the zamindars, so they have become a militant caste. Economically, in all the villages, they kept getting jagirs. They kept farming and have been more prosperous than the rest of the communities. Taking all this into consideration, this decision was made. But we are reconsidering. The Constitution restricts us. We promote inter-caste marriages. You’re 22 (castes), if you get united, politics will be in our hands.
VANDITA MISHRA: You say you can get Mahadalit status to the Paswans. In that case, what’s the point of the Mahadalit category?
Mahadalit is not a constitutional word, it’s a term to uplift people. The word could finally go away, and it would just be Dalit.
SANTOSH SINGH: Isn’t this the reason Ram Vilas Paswan said that you’re a better CM than Nitish Kumar but are not being allowed to work properly?
I refute the second statement that Nitishji is not letting me work properly. At the Gaya meeting also, I said the same. One day I scolded my ministers too… I will only listen to Nitish Kumarji, not anyone else. He’s never said anything. I have taken some decisions and he’s supported me.
praveen raman: So many politicians have joined Twitter. Are you also planning to do so?
To tell you the truth, I don’t even know how to receive SMSes on the phone.
Transcribed by Debesh Banerjee and Somya Lakhani
Post Comments
More from fecolumnist

Thousands march in Washington and NYDecember 13, 2014 12:29 am
Thousands march in Washington and NY
Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e22cc200-8252-11e4-ace7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uber Executive in Dispute With San Francisco LandlordThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

Islamic State Imposes Strict New Order In Mosul  And Deprivation Is A ResultIslamic State Imposes Strict New Order In Mosul, And Deprivation Is A Result
The New York Times  |  By                                                                      Ben Hubbard
Posted:
Updated:
12/13/2014  2:59 pm EST
A bicyclist rides by the destroyed old Mosque of The Prophet Jirjis in central Mosul, Iraq, Sunday, July 27, 2014. (AP Photo) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
As the school year began in Mosul, the largest city controlled by the Islamic State, the extremists sent a message to teachers: Report for work or lose your jobs.
Then, directives bearing the group’s black flag and hung in schools dictated the new order. Males and females were split up. Girls were to swap their gray skirts and blouses for black gowns and veils that covered their faces. Sports were only for boys. Civics classes were scrapped. At the University of Mosul, one of Iraq’s top institutions, the schools of fine arts, political science and law were deemed un-Islamic and shuttered.

Sunday ET | Prajapati: Driver of a women s-o...Azad Foundation
(“That’s one of the issues,…)
Khushi Prajapati is just over five feet tall and would appear almost nondescript if you saw her at a bus stop or a Metro station. But once behind the wheel of her Hyundai Accent cab, she dons a different avatar and oozes confidence. One of the 19 women taxi drivers on the rolls of Sakha Consulting Wings , a women's-only cab and chauffeur service, Prajapati went through 14 rigorous modules of training for over six months, which included personal grooming, self-defence classes and communication skills besides intensive driving lessons.
"I have been a driver with Sakha for over five years now, having started as a private car driver and later getting my commercial driving licence; I have been driving this cab for four years now," says Prajapati, as we cover a distance of 15 km from the ET Magazine office in central Delhi to CR Park in the south of the capital.
A typical work day for the 23-year-old could be one in which she has to pack in up to 12 hours of duty on and off the road, clocking up to 200 km. "Our agency has a new client which is a travel agency handling inbound tours; very often I have airport pick-ups late at night or early in the morning. Many of the Western women travellers are pleasantly surprised to find a young woman picking them up at 2:30 am and start a conversation on the way. While they ask me about the challenges that a woman driver faces on Delhi's notoriously unsafe roads, for me it's an opportunity to speak with them in English and brush up my language skills," says Prajapati.
Her demeanour behind the wheel is cool and composed — until a two-wheeler rider at a traffic signal stops alongside and passes a lewd comment. "I can knock you off your bike with my car," she angrily retorts. Once the two-wheeler beats a petrified retreat, Prajapati is quick to explain that her mentors have warned against losing her cool while driving with passengers in the car. "I always try to be polite, but sometimes I can't help getting a bit annoyed when drivers are rude or aggressive," she explains.
So what are the biggest challenges on the road for a woman taxi-driver ? Surprisingly, Prajapati is not overly worried about the lack of safety and security on the roads of Delhi, especially late at night. "That's one of the issues, but I do have some basic self-defence training and carry a pepper spray. Besides, our taxis are all being tracked through GPS by our office," she says.
But long hours on the road and waiting for passengers at offices, hotels or markets is a lonely job for the young woman since, unlike her male counterparts, she doesn't find other women to hang out or chat with. "Sometimes, I talk to male drivers at parking areas, but only if they seem to be decent and respectable. There are times when I need to use the washroom between long drives; some of my women customers help by taking me to their offices," she says.
One of four siblings in a family that moved from Jhansi in Madhya Pradesh to Delhi in search of better economic opportunities, Prajapati has become an inspiration for young women in the families of neighbours in Badarpur on Delhi's southern border with Haryana, with some of them sending their daughters to Sakha for training. "My father, a construction worker, and my mother are very supportive of my decision to take up this challenging job. My two sisters are studying, while my brother works with an NGO to teach English to young students in our neighbourhood," she says. But she is definitely the breadwinner in the household earning between Rs 9,000 and Rs 15,000 a month with her basic salary and overtime.
Women's rights activist Meenu Vadera, who set up Azad Foundation (the NGO arm of Sakha) in 2008, had women like Prajapati in mind and wanted to start a venture that would enable women to earn and live a life of dignity and freedom. "While Azad Foundation was set up as a not for profit, Sakha is run on the social venture model with a part of the profits being ploughed back every year. We felt that helping women from economically deprived families to make a livelihood as taxi drivers would be the ideal way to break the glass ceiling as well as provide a safe transport service that is very useful for other women," says Nayantara Janardhan, director at Sakha and one of the founders.
Today, the organisation has 19 full-time drivers and has helped over 300 women get their driving licences, many of whom have been placed as drivers with private cars. The organisation has also expanded to Gurgaon and Jaipur and has plans to enter Kolkata soon.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Out of my mind: The idea of PakistanWritten by Meghnad Desai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:09 am
Hafiz Saeed has just said that Pakistan was set up to be an Islamic state which would implement sharia. He is impatient with the existing order which refuses to make Pakistan an Islamist state. Imran Khan is unhappy with the system for different reasons, but even he wishes Pakistan was different.
On the anniversary of the defeat of the Pakistan army in the war to liberate Bangladesh, it may be worth remembering what Pakistan was meant to be. It may also tell us how nations can ruin themselves. More than anything else, it shows how nations construct their narratives of nationhood, which reveal deep flaws in their history.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah was an active member of the Congress. He was a liberal constitutionalist in the tradition of Gopal Krishna Gokhale and he also defended Bal Gangadhar Tilak in court. He was hailed as an ambassador of Hindu-Muslim unity at the Lucknow meeting of the Congress in 1916. He got disenchanted with Gandhi’s launch of the Khilafat movement. He did not support the retention of the Khilafat just as Mustafa Kemal Atatürk. He was a modernist first and a Muslim second. He left politics and went back to London to practise as a barrister.
It was during this period that he developed his idea of nationhood. Across Europe, new nations had been born — Hungary, Poland, Czechoslovakia. These were homogenous communities in terms of a single language and a shared ethnicity. Nations, in this way of thinking, have to share some common characteristics. For the new European nations, it was a common language and a shared history.
Jinnah leveraged the idea of a nation but based it on religion. He wanted some safeguards for a minority faced with the prospect of living in a democracy based on adult franchise after the British left. He instead got a separate nation state, albeit a moth-eaten one.
Jinnah’s Pakistan was not a theocratic state. He was not religious and did not care for the ideology of Islam. The devout Muslims of Deoband and other seminaries were against the very idea of a Muslim state as it was contrary to the Quran. Jinnah wanted a liberal constitutional state with a Muslim majority.
Once he died, the idea of Pakistan as a nation began to fall apart. The majority of Muslims in British India did not live in what became Pakistan. They did not share the language or culture of the Punjabis, Pathans and Sindhis of West Pakistan. The latter did not regard the Bengali-speaking Muslims as their brothers and sisters.
Pakistan broke up into two in 1971. Even so, its problems have not yet ended. As a nation, it has lurched between democracy and dictatorship. There is no single narrative to combine the four separate regions into one nation. It has lacked a leadership continued…

What if whites were the minorityBy: New York Times |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:17 am
In the responses to my “When whites just don’t get it” series, I’ve been struck by the lack of empathy some whites show for members of minority groups. So imagine if the world were reversed. “The talk” might go like this:
“Son, sit down. You’re 13, old enough to have a conversation that I’ve been dreading.”
“Oh, come on, Dad. I hope this isn’t about the birds and the bees.”
“Nope. That’d be easy. Have you seen the video of the white horticulturalist being choked to death by police?”
“All the kids have seen it. He says he can’t breathe, and black cops still kill him. (Expletive!)”
“Don’t curse. It is wrong, but it’s the way the world works. And that’s why Mom and I are scared for you. With us whites in the minority, some cops are just going to see you as a threat no matter what. You’re going to get stopped by black cops, and I want you to promise you’ll never run or mouth off. Mom and I can’t protect you out there, and white kids are 21 times as likely as black kids to be shot dead by police. So even when a cop curses you, I want you to call him sir.”
“Anybody curses me, he won’t get away with it.”
“Yes, he will. And if he shoots you, he might get away with it, too. Especially when you keep wearing clothes all the other white boys wear like those polo shirts. Black cops see you in them and suspect trouble. Black folks make the rules, and we have to live by them. Like it or not.”
“(Expletive!) Racists!”
“Hey! I told you not to curse. And don’t hold it against all blacks. Lots have joined with whites in protesting these killings. And even for those who are unsympathetic, most aren’t evil, just clueless.”
“C’mon, Dad. When a 12-year-old white kid is shot dead because he’s holding a toy gun, when a white woman professor is thrown to the ground for jaywalking, when cops smash a car window to Taser a white guy in front of kids, that’s not cluelessness. That’s evil. White lives matter.”
“It’s complicated. Remember when you were suspended in the fourth grade for being disruptive?”
“That was ridiculous.”
“Yup. White kids get suspended when black kids don’t. That’s just the way it is. But the black vice principal who suspended you — he’s the same guy who enthusiastically organises White History Month each year. Intellectually, he believes  in civil rights. But he kicks out white kids for the same reason doctors give less pain medication to white patients. Same reason that in experiments a résumé that is continued…

Fifth column: Stop Hindutva nowWritten by Tavleen Singh |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:33 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 1:39 am
Why is the Prime Minister allowing the RSS to steal his mandate? I ask this question wherever I go these days and frankly I have no answer.
When Leftist political pundits harangue me with charges that it was the RSS that helped Narendra Modi become prime minister, I tell them that they do not know what they are talking about. Leftists are usually allergic to dust, heat, poverty and the real India and so rarely travel during election campaigns. This made them miss the fact that last summer’s general election was not about Hindutva. Anywhere. It was about change and development. Without Modi, the BJP could not have won half the seats they did. Besides, if the RSS could help it win elections, what went wrong the last two times?
Yet there exists today the bizarre situation in which our strongest prime minister in decades is allowing Hindu fanatics in the Lok Sabha and Hindu fanatical organisations outside to blacken his image. The MPs who have been most offensive wear saffron robes signifying asceticism and renunciation. So what they are doing in Parliament instead of in some Himalayan cave is a valid question. But since they have found their way into the Lok Sabha, why is the Prime Minister not publicly rebuking them for dragging Hindutva into his mandate in the ugliest way? We barely recovered from that Sadhvi calling all Muslims ‘bastards’ when her brother in saffron pronounced that Nathuram Godse was a patriot. Both these MPs expressed regret when their remarks caused a public furore, but it is not possible to ever apologise for such things.
If we need proof that these fanatics have RSS approval, it is evident in the zeal with which the BJP’s ‘alma mater’ is trying to convert Muslims and Christians ‘back’ to Hinduism. The Sanatana Dharma does not permit proselytisation. But try telling that to those loonies rampaging about the derelict, desperately poor shanties of Uttar Pradesh trying to bring Muslims and Christians ‘home’.
Of course these fanatics harmed the people they are trying to reconvert, but much more than this is the harm they have done Modi and his government. Just as he was beginning to bask in the luminous glow of international approval and domestic election victories, he is now in danger of losing all his support. His votes did not come for Hindutva reasons. I say this with certainty. During the election campaign, wherever I went, I asked if Hindutva and the Ram temple were issues any more. And not even in the dusty halls of Banaras Hindu University did I meet anyone who believed these were issues in the 2014 election.
Everywhere I went, people said that they were drawn to Modi because of his continued…

Flip side: Nobel intentionsWritten by Dilip Bobb |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:42 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 1:53 am
The Nobel Prize Committee is getting increasingly political, as witnessed by their decision to award the 2014 Peace Prize jointly to an Indian and a Pakistani. In fact politics has led to so many deserving candidates emerging from emerging economies like India that it is time we instituted an Indian Noble Prize to be awarded in a range of categories. Here are the nominees and categories.
Science and technology: BJP MP Ramesh Pokhriyal for his theory that the Hindu sage Kanad had, many centuries ago, conducted a nuclear test. It means that Robert Oppenheimer and Homi Bhabha are removed from the history books and the latter’s family has to return his Padma Bhushan. Pokhriyal also declared that the sciences have been dwarfed by our ancient astrologers and that astrology is the No. 1 science for the entire world. Adding to the dwarfed analogy, he added, “Science is a pygmy compared to astrology.” Maybe he can be considered for a Nobel in anthropology as well.
Illustration: C R Sasikumar.
Literature: External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj for her demand that the Gita be made the national book. Her logic: Since Prime Minister Narendra Modi gifted the Bhagawad Gita to US President Barack Obama, it has already received the honour of a national scripture. By that reasoning, if Modi were to gift some other leader jalebis, would that then become the national sweet? It would play havoc with everyone’s constitution. In fact, to suggest that a religious scripture become the national book is to display contempt for the Indian Constitution.
Education: Dinanath Batra for producing textbooks in Gujarat schools which are compulsory reading. He seems, of course, to suffer from compulsive obsessive disorder — obsessed as he is with denying foreigners any credit for achievements and attributing them to Indians. His textbook says that the motor car was invented during the Vedic period, as the Anashva Rath, which would make Henry Ford, Herr Daimler and Herr Benz take a back seat. Batra also teaches that television was invented during the Mahabharata period. His logic is that in the Mahabharata, Sanjaya, sitting inside a palace in Hastinapur, used his divya shakti to apparently provide a live telecast of the battle to blind king Dhritarashtra. Clearly a case of the blind leading the blind.
Medicine: Narendra Modi, for first educating us that plastic surgery and stem cell therapy existed and were in use thousands of years ago in ancient India. He pointed out that Ganesha’s elephant head became attached to a human body. “We worship Lord Ganesha. There must have been some plastic surgeon at that time who got an continued…

From the discomfort zone: Challenge to exit mediocrityWritten by Shombit Sengupta |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:53 am
Taking scientific, logical challenges with passion at the individual, collective and country levels makes a country innovative. Many Western business associates ask me whether ‘Make in India’ is a marketing gimmick or a real drive from India’s government. Their doubt seems to stem from past slogans like ‘Incredible India’. My response is always positive because in this column earlier, as well as in my books, I have advocated that India should have a strong, skill-driven manufacturing base, so that our millions are trained to develop skills in different areas to both advance their livelihood and better our economy in the global field.
‘Make in India’ is the start of solving our country’s major problems. It will drastically shorten the poverty line, increase people’s wages, equip them for better jobs through skill development, open entrepreneurial export opportunities making the country self-dependant and invite the world to make India their high-value manufacturing hub. To overcome our biggest lacuna of not having the challenge-taking mindset, let’s look at those who have taken scientific, logical challenges.
Cisco CEO John Chambers started his address in Jacksonville, US, by inviting the 1,000-strong crowd to challenge him. At this global digital technology conference I participated in, Chambers said he won’t be an isolated spectacle on stage. Unless challenged, he said, it would mean his subject or delivery was so banal it impacted nobody, and that nobody would register his words. The audience felt really easy throwing bold questions at this multi-billion dollar Cisco founder who responded with scientific and logical aplomb, opening a healthy debate in the memorably vibrant session.
Challenge by inventors: People with initiative challenge the world in new dimensions. Did you know Thomas Edison, with over 1,000 patents, is a school dropout? Just his voice recorder changed the world, subsequently creating a huge entertainment industry and several adaptable innovations. Neither did the “flying machine” inventors, Wilber and Orville Wright, who flew the first airplane, pass school. The American attitude of going to the garage with the mentality to invent is a total challenge to society. Although the US has large, sophisticated, scientific laboratory establishments, many important American inventions after 1880 came from the unconventional garage “self-laboratories”. The top six famous garage start-ups are Amazon by Jeff Bezos, Apple by college-dropout Steve Jobs, Disney by Walt and Roy Disney, Google by Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Harley Davidson by William Harley and Arthur Davidson and HP by Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard. With scarce means, a minimalistic way of living and little physical comfort, these garage inventors challenged the world to exit mediocrity while inventing something out-of-the-box. Their individual motivation and passion was so strong that, without taking any establishment support, their challenge resulted in greenfield inventions.
Challenge from devastated countries: I can never support Germany or Japan’s Axis military force of World War continued…

Blue Jays reportedly interested in Nats General Manager Mike RizzoBy James Wagner December 13, 2014 Follow @jameswagnerwp
(Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
UPDATE, 8:15 p.m.: Mike Rizzo shot down the reported Toronto interest. His statement to The Post: “I have not been contacted by the Toronto Blue Jays. My sole focus is on the Washington Nationals and bringing a World Series championship to the District.”
ORIGINAL POST, 5:53 p.m.: The Toronto Blue Jays have expressed interest in Nationals General Manager and President of Baseball Operations Mike Rizzo as a candidate to replace Paul Beeston team president and CEO, according to an ESPN report . But according to a person familiar with the situation, Rizzo and the Nationals have not been contacted by the Blue Jays.
Rizzo, who was busy with NatsFest activities when the ESPN report came out, did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment. Members of the Nationals’ front office appeared floored by the report.
“We won’t comment on rumor and speculation,” a team spokesman said.
But if the Blue Jays were indeed interested in Rizzo, their pursuit would be spearheaded by the team’s owners, Rogers Communications.
Rizzo joins a group of successful executives who have been linked to the Blue Jays. Reports have mentioned Baltimore’s Dan Duquette, Minnesota’s Terry Ryan and Chicago’s Kenny Williams among potential candidates to replace Beeston, who still holds his position.
A separate ESPN report last week said the Blue Jays were seeking a replacement for Beeston and have begun reaching out to teams for permission to interview candidates. Teams often allow employees to interview for jobs that would be considered a promotion, but they can also deny the request if the employee is under contract.
The position would be a promotion for Rizzo, who was given the title of president in August 2013 and handed a long-term extension . The details of that extension are not known.
Rizzo, who turns 54 on Sunday, joined the Nationals in 2007 as an assistant general manager in charge of scouting. He helped build the Nationals’ farm system and became general manager in 2009 after Jim Bowden resigned following a scandal in the Dominican Republic. Rizzo oversaw a transformation of the Nationals’ major and minor league teams with trades, free agent signings and strong drafting, including the selections of Stephen Strasburg and Bryce Harper.
The Blue Jays are reportedly unhappy with Beeston. The Toronto Sun reported this week that Rogers Communications  planned to bring back Beeston in 2015, but no announcement has been made. The other executives linked to the Blue Jays have either pulled out of the running or have not been allowed to interview, as in Duquette’s case.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

Adrian Peterson Considered Bolting NFL For Olympicsreddit
What will sports fans see next: Usain Bolt vs. Adrian Peterson or Adrian Peterson vs. the Green Bay Packers?
The suspended Minnesota Vikings running back revealed to ESPN that he has considered retirement while battling the NFL for reinstatement. Peterson, the 2012 NFL MVP, was suspended without pay for at least the remainder of the 2014 season on Nov. 18 for violations of the league's Personal Conduct Policy after pleading no contest to a misdemeanor charge of reckless assault for using a wooden switch to discipline his 4-year-old son.
With support from the NFLPA, Peterson appealed that suspension , which indicated he could not be considered for reinstatement until April 2015. After the denial of his appeal by NFL-appointed arbiter Harold Henderson on Friday, Peterson told ESPN that he had  considered real estate and a bid for the 2016 Olympics in the 200-meter and 400-meter events as fallback options.
"I've considered retiring from the NFL," Peterson told ESPN . "I still made $8 million dollars this year. I've thought about getting back into the real estate [business in Texas] I'm already in. That's something I've been interested in, something I'm involved in. I've thought about getting back into that. I've thought about going after the Olympics -- you only live once. It might be time for me to pursue that, as well. I love playing football, don't get me wrong, but this situation is deeper than that. For me, it's like, 'Why should I continue to be a part of an organization or a business that handles players the way they do? Making money off the field anyway, why not continue to pursue that (Olympic) dream and pursue other dreams and hang up the cleats?'"
Peterson has been an elite NFL player since being drafted out of Oklahoma in 2007, but lining up alongside world-class sprinters would be a very different challenge for the 29-year-old.
"Peterson is delusional if he thinks he has any chance of being a track and field Olympian," wrote Michael David Smith of ProFootballTalk on Saturday. "Yes, Peterson is very fast by the standards of a normal human being, and even by the standards of an NFL player. No, Peterson is nowhere near as fast as an Olympic sprinter. If Peterson is serious about trying to qualify for the Olympics, he’d have a better chance at a more specialized sport like the bobsled."
In a statement issued shortly after Peterson's appeal was denied , the NFLPA indicated that the fight over Peterson's suspension was not over:
The NFLPA expected this outcome, given the hearing officer's relationship and financial ties to the NFL. The decision itself ignores the facts, the evidence and the collective bargaining agreement. This decision also represents the NFL's repeated failure to adhere to due process and confirms its inconsistent treatment of players. Our union is considering immediate legal remedies.
Citing an unnamed person with direct knowledge of the situation, the Associated Press reported that Peterson will continue his fight to return to football by filing a complaint against the NFL in federal court as early as Monday.
Peterson participated in the Vikings' opening game of the 2014 season before being indicted in the child injury case on Sept. 12. The Vikings then placed him on the Exempt/Commissioner’s Permission list on Sept. 17, barring him from team activities until his legal proceedings were resolved.
More:

PM Modi to focus on drug menace in  Mann Ki Baat  on radio todayDec 14, 2014 at 08:03am IST
PM Modi to focus on drug menace in 'Mann Ki Baat' on radio today
9
0
New Delhi: The third edition of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Mann Ki Baat' will be broadcast on Sunday at 11 AM where he will share his thoughts on drug abuse in his radio programme.
PM Modi in this edition will be talking about the menace of drug abuse. In his second 'Mann Ki Baat' programme on November 2, Modi had said that some people had written to him about the drug menace. He had then asked people to share their views and suggestions on the issue.
The radio talks are being used by the Prime Minister to reach out to those people without access to television living in rural areas to join his efforts to recover the economy. The Prime Minister has said he will share his thoughts with the countrymen over radio every month through the 'Mann Ki Baat' programme.
PM Modi in this edition will be talking about the menace of drug abuse as several people had written to him on this issue.

Hedge funds contest BES bailout decisionHedge funds contest Banco Espírito Santo bailout decision
Martin Arnold in London and Peter Wise in Lisbon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b846a6c-82f2-11e4-b017-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan holds polls expected to back PM Shinzo Abe s policiesBy: Agence-France Presse | Tokyo |
Posted: December 14, 2014 9:37 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:22 pm
Japan was voting today in a snap general election Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has billed as a referendum on his economic policies after the initial success of his first two years faded as the country slumped into recession.
The premier is seeking public blessing for “Abenomics” – his signature plan to fix the country’s flaccid economy – with observers expecting an underwhelming and underprepared opposition will be routed.
Opinion polls predict his ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and its junior partner Komeito will sweep the ballot, probably with an unassailable two-thirds majority, giving them the power to override the upper house.
“I have been pushing for Abenomics, the policies designed to create jobs and raise salaries,” Abe told hundreds of voters in Tokyo’s neon-lit Akihabara electronics district on the eve of the election.
“Japan can be much richer,” Abe said, sporting a knee-length white windbreaker emblazoned with his campaign slogan: “This is the only way”.
Sixty-year-old Abe was only halfway through his four-year term when he called the vote last month.
The first two of his “three arrows” of Abenomics-monetary easing and fiscal stimulus – have largely hit their targets; the once-painfully high yen has plunged, sending stocks higher.
And prices have begun rising after years of standing still-proof, says Abe, that this is the beginning of a virtuous circle of economic growth, with higher wages soon to follow.
However, a precipitous sales tax rise in April snuffed out consumer spending, sending Japan into the two negative quarters of growth that make a recession.
Economists say more important than the temporary highs offered by easy money and government spending is structural reform of Japan’s highly-regulated and protected economy – the third arrow of Abenomics.
Critics say Abe has not been bold enough to take on the vested interests that are the real key to reversing nearly two decades of economic underperformance.
A four-year mandate from the electorate may embolden the prime minister’s hand and see off opposition from within a vast and ill-disciplined LDP, too often given to bouts of regicide.
But heavy snow across swathes of Japan today looked set to further dampen enthusiasm among already-uninspired voters, raising fears of a record low turnout.
“I have no expectations from politics,” Kanji Takahashi, a 72-year-old fish market worker, said after casting a ballot at a Tokyo polling station.

Indian film  Jal  in running for two OscarsBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 9:46 am
Girish Malik’s National Award winning film ‘Jal’ has found a place in the Oscar contenders of 2014 in two categories — Best Picture and Best Original Score.
The film, which has the backdrop of water scarcity and tells the story of Bakka, a person gifted with a special ability to find water in the desert, features in the reminder list of productions eligible for the 87th Academy Awards.
This apart, the film’s screenplay has also been invited to the Oscar Library for their permanent core collection.
“’Jal’ is in the race as one of the Oscar contenders in two most prestigious categories – Best Picture and Best Original Score alongside path-breaking films like ‘Interstellar’, ‘Exodus’, ‘300 Rise of Empire’ and other Hollywood biggies,” Puneet Singh, director of One World Films Pvt Ltd, the film’s production banner, told IANS.
The film features Purab Kohli, Kirti Kulhari and Tannishtha Chatterjee in prominent roles.
Malik, who stepped behind the camera for the first time with the film, says that it is wonderful to get noticed on such a huge platform.
“’Jal’ has been shortlisted as one of the Oscar contenders in the mainstream Best Picture category and not the Best Foreign Language film category, which means it will be competing with the Hollywood biggies to find a space for itself and hopefully get noticed on this stupendous platform.
“It was a tremendous struggle to make this film and I am happy and thankful that it’s being noticed on the biggest platform for cinema,” he said.
The music and background score for the film has been composed by Sonu Nigam and Bickram Ghosh.
The other Indian film nominated for the Best Original score is ‘Kochadaiiyaan’, which has compositions by A.R. Rahman.
The double Oscar winner is also nominated for two more of his Hollywood projects — ‘Million Dollar Arm’ and ‘The Hundred-Foot Journey’.
The final nomination list will be announced Jan 15, 2015, while the presentation ceremony will be held Feb 22, 2015 at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood.

Wish I had spent more time with my father: Amitabh BachchanBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 10:01 am
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan regrets having not spending enough time with father, poet Harivansh Rai Bachchan, who kept very busy with his work.
The 72-year-old actor says while growing up he had very little interaction with his father but with time their relationship grew stronger.
“I regret not spending enough time with my father… My father was very busy. He had a government job and besides that he used to do other things and would come home very late. Our relationship was very serious. I was scared of him but eventually things changed,” he said.
The ‘Paa’ star said that he has always tried to maintain a very friendly relationship with his son, actor Abhishek.
“The day I got married I thought that if I ever have a son I would be a friend to him. And I have always maintained that. Now we are like buddies and also share clothes,” said Bachchan at the Agenda Aaj Tak event here today.
During the session Bachchan recited lines from his father’s noted poems including ‘Madhushala’.
The actor said that even though his father wrote extensively on alcohol and alcoholics, he never drank.
“People often wondered how he would write so much about alcohol. My father never touched alcohol in his life. The poems he wrote were very revolutionary at that time. He wrote some 200 odd poems,” he said.
Bachchan is currently shooting ‘Wazir’ and ‘Shamitabh’. He has recently wrapped up Shoojit Sircar’s ‘ Piku’.

Our generation of actors not bothered about number game: Arjun KapoorBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 9:57 am
‘2 States’ actor Arjun Kapoor says the current generation of actors in Bollywood is not interested in the number game.
The 29-year-old star feels ranking of actors is subjective so they should not be constantly compared to each other.
“We are not horses that we will always be in a race. We are not interested in becoming number one, two or three. These rankings are subjective. 10 people will like one actor, others will like some different actor.
“We are new. We are enjoying just being a part of this profession. We have got an opportunity to be in Bollywood, we are using that and working hard. We can only think about the number game after sustaining for 10-12 years. Media should not compare us,” said Arjun.
The ‘Ishaqzaade’ star said audience has started accepting unconventional-looking actors, which has helped him gain a fan base.
“Times have changed. Unconventional-looking actors are accepted today, I am not conventional and have got accepted by people. Conventional has become boring. This is an exciting time today. We can express our attitude, personality and conviction without any hesitation. That is how the current generation is. This has affected Bollywood too,” Arjun said.
The actor added that nowadays real characters are written, which are not larger-than-life, unlike the old times when there was a certain image of a Bollywood hero.
According to Arjun, relatable characterisation is one of the reasons why actors don’t have the same stardom as veteran superstars today.
“People’s mindsets have changed. I am a very regular-looking guy so people feel I am one of them. People should be able to find a connection with the actors.
“We are not projected larger-than-life, we are regular people in extraordinary situations, which youth likes more. It does not like us flaunting stardom. They rather see relatable characters. Maybe this is why it will take us longer to reach status of stars of previous generation,” he said.
Praising the three superstars of Bollywood — Salman, Shah Rukh and Aamir Khan, Arjun said they are case studies in themselves.
“The Khans are anomalies. They are case studies. They are surviving in the industry for past 27 years. They are doing better and better.
“What Shah Rukh has achieved in ‘Happy New Year’ in terms of physique… At this age, people are reinventing their body, acting. Salman has ‘repeaked’ at his peak. Aamir does one movie in three years and people decide that they will watch it. Such things happen once in 1000 years,” the young actor said.

RSS in no mood to soften  will stick to Hindutva agendaRSS in no mood to soften stand, will stick to Hindutva agenda
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 14, 2014
First Published: 00:34 IST(14/12/2014) | Last Updated: 17:33 IST(14/12/2014)
Comments
The Narendra Modi government’s image as a development-oriented regime may have taken a hit due to controversial remarks by some RSS members-turned-parliamentarians but the BJP’s ideological parent isn’t willing to put its Hindutva agenda on the backburner.
Youth Congress activists in Noida protest against the BJP and its ideological mentor, RSS, following the alleged forced conversion of around 300 Muslims to Hinduism in Agra earlier this month. (Burhaan Kinu/HT Photo)
Senior leaders of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh told HT that while they appreciated the government’s focus on development, they saw no reason to chastise leaders like Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, infamous for an expletive-laden poll speech, or Sakshi Maharaj, who termed Mahatma Gandhi’s killer Nathuram Godse a patriot.
An RSS pracharak associated with the BJP’s organisation claimed ‘Hindutva’ was supplement to the development plank and only a mix of the two could ensure electoral victories.
Upset over disruptions in Parliament, govt sets out to pick, tame errant leaders
 “You may have a problem with the way certain MPs articulated their view but the larger sentiment was that the Hindu society should not be taken for granted.  The result of the Lok Sabha elections, particularly in UP, is a case in point,” he said, requesting anonymity.
The BJP is also not averse in using the Hindutva proponents to woo voters, deploying Niranjan Jyoti to campaign in the riot-hit Trilokpuri locality of Delhi.
Aligarh MP Satish Gautam and Gorakhpur MP Yogi Adityanath continue taking vows to carry on the controversial ‘ghar wapsi’ (homecoming) programme that has been accused of forcibly converting Muslims.
BJP president Amit Shah has defended these leaders, saying on Thursday that they couldn’t be asked to retire from politics because of a mistake.
BJP secretary Shrikant Sharma told HT that development was the government’s focus and decisions in last six months – Jan Dhan Yojna, petrol price cut, FDI in defence and others – were reflective of that. “There is no case to be apologetic about Hindutva. It is a way of life and not a religion,” Sharma said.
These comments come in the wake of a stormy month for the NDA government. Earlier this month, minister of state for food processing industries Niranjan Jyoti asked the audience at a Delhi poll rally if they wanted a government led by the children of Ram (Ramzaade) or illegitimate children (haramzaade). The comments caused prolonged disruptions in Parliament with the Opposition relenting only after an appeal by PM Modi.
This was followed by Unnao MP Sakshi Maharaj’s endorsement of Godse, which led to a retraction and apology.
The latest flashpoint is the alleged forced conversion of 300 Muslims in Agra this week and plans for more such ceremonies by Hindu groups affiliated to the RSS. Cornered by the Opposition again, the government suggested all states and the Centre have anti-conversion laws.
Senior RSS leader Manmohan Vaidya agreed with the Centre, saying there was no contradiction between development and having an anti-conversion law.
“The entire debate (on conversion) would stop if a strong anti-conversion law is put in place. Christian missionaries have been opposing it and so are many other parties. We are opposed to conversion through force and allurement,” Vaidya told HT.
A party office bearer also pointed out the BJP has to play its cards carefully with key electoral challenges lined up in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, where OBC stalwarts Mulayam Singh Yadav, Lalu Prasad and Nitish Kumar were trying to revive the old Janata Parivar. The saffron party had won 71 of UP’s 80 and 22 out of Bihar’s 40 Lok Sabha seats.
“Those most vulnerable to conversions are backward castes and Dalits, who had also spearheaded the temple movement in its heyday. When we win them over, it automatically marginalises parties like the SP, JD(U), RJD and BSP – our main rivals in Bihar and UP,” the leader said.

Jeb Bush to write e-book and release 250 000 e-mailsBy Philip Rucker December 13, 2014 Follow @PhilipRucker
Jeb Bush (Getty Images)
As he prepares for a possible 2016 presidential campaign, Jeb Bush said Saturday that he is writing an e-book and plans to release roughly 250,000 e-mails from his tenure as governor of Florida.
Bush, who has been taking steps to prepare for what some of his associates see as a likely presidential campaign, told a Florida television station that he would publish the book and release the e-mails "early next year."
"It's been kind of fun to go back and to think about this and remind myself that if you run with big ideas and then you're true to those ideas and get a chance to serve and implement them and do it with passion and conviction, you can move the needle, and that's what we need right now in America," Bush said in a Saturday interview with WPLG-TV, the ABC affiliate in Miami.
"BHAGs," Bush added (using an acronym for  "Big Hairy Audacious Goals.") "We need a few."
Bush said he was releasing the e-mails from his two terms in office, between 1999 and 2007, because he wanted to be transparent.
"Part of serving or running, both of them, is transparency, to be totally transparent," he said. "So I'll let people make up their mind. There's some funny ones, there's some sad ones, there's some serious ones."
Joking about his use of e-mail, Bush said: "I was digital before digital was cool, I guess. Now it's like, commonplace."
As governor, Bush was known to be a prolific e-mailer. In his official portrait , he posed with his Blackberry smartphone displayed prominently atop his bookshelf, next to a photo of his family.
Philip Rucker is a national political correspondent for The Washington Post, where he has reported since 2005.

Postgame: Penalty kill the biggest part of win vs. Tampa BayBy Alex Prewitt December 13, 2014 Follow @alex_prewitt
Nicklas Backstrom celebrated his hat trick with Braden Holtby, but only after the goaltender saved the Capitals on a five-on-three penalty kill (AP Photo/Alex Brandon).
Like the casino employee at a craps table, Braden Holtby flung his stick toward the puck and corralled it back, inches before the shot crossed the goal line, inches before the Tampa Bay Lightning found their breakthrough moment Saturday night. The Washington Capitals had stumbled backward, hamstrung by two minor penalties called during the same post-whistle scrum, and now, retreated into a five-on-three penalty kill for two minutes, called upon Holtby to change the game.
On the home bench at Verizon Center, as Holtby twirled around inside the crease and brought forward Ryan Callahan’s nudged shot into his body, Coach Barry Trotz said, to no one in particular, “He’s seeing everything tonight” then later clarified, “meaning those pucks are looking really big to him.” It was the single biggest moment in a 4-2 victory hogged by center Nicklas Backstrom’s first career regular season hat trick , when Holtby’s save helped Washington steal momentum back from Tampa Bay and, on the shift after the penalties were killed, begin the offensive avalanche.
“You don’t get that very often,” said defenseman Brooks Orpik, who earned the team-issued player of the game award for his blocked shot during the harrowing penalty kill. “That’s a collective effort for sure. Had some good blocks and really good saves by Holtsie, who was good all night. Really seemed to give our bench a boost.”
On a grander scale, the Capitals earned four standings points in five days against the Atlantic Division-leading Lightning and were boosted into a day off Sunday and a three-game road trip next week with two of their biggest wins this season. They sandwiched Thursday’s overtime disappointment against Columbus, sure, but even after allowing Tampa Bay to climb back with two late goals, nothing could steal the joy away from Backstrom’s three goals and the pivotal penalty kill.
“Outstanding job by all the penalty killers and Braden,” Trotz said. “They were good. To me, when you kill those off, it deflates the other bench and gives you a little momentum. That was the biggest part of the whole game.”
The sequence began when Tampa Bay forward Nikita Kucherov surged up the middle and took a slashing penalty on defenseman Mike Green, who needed to do something after getting beat. In the ensuing cluster, forward Alex Ovechkin wrapped an opponent in a headlock, so he skated off for roughing.
“Me and Greenie feel guilty about that penalty that we took,” Ovechkin said, “but again, after that we scored right away first one.”
That only happened thanks to Holtby, who made five saves over those two minutes, and the penalty killers who rotated in: Orpik, John Carlson, Jay Beagle, Brooks Laich, Karl Alzner and Matt Niskanen. The Lightning twice won offensive-zone draws but never found the net.
“That was a huge kill,” Backstrom said. “Everyone knows how skilled they are and how good they are in PP. Huge kill and goaltending there. Holtby stepped up there, and honestly everyone who was on the ice.”
The box score credited Callahan’s attempt as a wrist shot from 10 feet, but it was really a slight tap, between Orpik’s legs, that sent the puck sliding toward the crease. Holtby had charged high, trying to stop one white sweater, when he slid on both knees, propped up onto his left foot and reached his stick back to scoop the puck – and arguably the game – into his grasp. The only thing left was Backstrom’s hat trick, which began less than two minutes later.
“Tonight our penalty killers were the key guys and our goaltender and our five-on-five, our superstar was a superstar tonight,” Trotz said. “We found a way to beat a very good hockey team.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Life insurance cover under Jan Dhan comes with ridersPM Narendra Modi raises solar investment target to $100 bn by 2022
Keen to push through its financial inclusion plan, the government has finalised the life insurance cover to be provided under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. But unlike expectations, the cover has several riders, meaning that not all those who have opened an account under the scheme would be eligible for life insurance.
For starters, the Rs 30,000 life insurance cover would be limited to just one account holder per family. “The person should normally be the head of the family or an earning member of the family and should be in the age group of 18 to 59,” the guidelines state.
While the beneficiary will have to mandatorily exit the life insurance scheme at the age of 60 years, the cover is at present available only for a period of five years till 2019-20, after which it will be reviewed.
In addition, the eligibility criteria state that life insurance would be available only to those people opening a bank account for the first time between August 15, 2014 and January 26, 2015.
Further, the person must have a valid RuPay Card and biometric Card linked to the bank account or in the process of being linked to the bank account.
The Centre has also excluded various categories of people from the scheme, including Central and state government employees, people whose income is taxable under the Income Tax Act, 1961 or TDS is being deducted from the income, and their families.
“Persons who are included in the Aam Aadmi Bima Yojana covering 48 occupations defined under the Scheme, and their families” have also been excluded. Further, other eligible account holders who have life cover on account of any other scheme of the Bank against the account will have to choose between the two life covers.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had launched the scheme on August 28, this year with the intent of financially empowering the people by opening bank accounts for two persons in every household.
Additionally, they are to be given a RuPay debit card, accidental insurance cover of Rs 1 lakh and an overdraft facility.
The government has targeted 7.5 crore households under the scheme. At present, 9.04 crore accounts have been opened with total deposits of Rs 7,006 crore. However, 6.68 crore accounts continue to be dormant. Life Insurance Corporation of India is responsible for the life insurance cover through a special fund for the purpose which has an initial corpus of Rs 100 crore from the Social Security Fund.
Eligibility criteria
* Insurance would be available only to those people opening a bank account for the first time between August 15, 2014 and January 26, 2015.
* While the beneficiary will have to mandatorily exit the scheme at the age of 60 years, the cover is at present available only for five years till 2019-20 after which it will be reviewed.
Post Comments
More from economy

Passenger fares likely to go up early next yearPassenger fares likely to go up early next year
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 14, 2014 10:06 AM IST
The next Rail Budget to be presented early next year could contain a proposal for raising fares to pass on the burden of rising power cost to passengers.
The fuel adjustment component-linked tariff revision due in December will be effected in the Rail Budget in February and there is a need for upward revision as energy cost has gone up by over 4% in the recent months, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
According to Railways' announced policy, fare and freight revision linked to fuel and energy cost are being done twice a year. The last revision was done in June wherein passenger fares were revised by 4.2% and freight rates by 1.4%.
Hinting at a possible fare hike, new Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu had said at a recent event that "some burden has to be shared by people."
Asked about the possibility of raising train fares to meet the growing expenses in Railways, Prabhu, known for his pro-reform approach, did not rule out the possibility saying "passenger service should be improved before increasing the fares. Safety cannot be compromised. There is a need for big investment. Some burden has to be shared by people."
Expressing serious concern over the Railways' financial health, Prabhu had said it is "too close for comfort" and highlighted the urgent need for massive investment to meet the safety requirement and upgrading in the rail infrastructure.
"Railways requires big investment. There is no fund for investment. There is requirement of Rs 6 lakh crore to Rs 8 lakh crore for completion of announced projects," he had said.
The minister, who is also meeting MPs in batches to make himself aware of their demands and aspirations before the Rail Budget, said to meet these demands, the requirement is about Rs 20,000 crore.
Prabhu, after assuming charge, is learnt to have taken a series of steps to bring the national transporter reeling under massive fund crunch back on the track.
While the cross-subsidisation in passenger sector is hovering around Rs 26,000 crore, there is a fall in passenger bookings too. Passenger bookings have come down during April-November by 1.43% as compared to the corresponding period last year.
The total number of passenger tickets booked during this period were 5581.33 million compared to 5662.54 million in the same period last year, according to Railway Ministry data.

US Senate deal ends shutdown threatUS Senate deal ends shutdown threat
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d132c3dc-8347-11e4-9d5f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Refining margins boost Repsol profitsRepsol eyes opportunities from low oil price
Thomas Hale
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fa741752-65a4-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Repsol eyes Canada as earnings doubleRepsol looks to Canada as earnings double
By Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f8aaba2-1310-11e4-925a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ministry for adding lightning to the list of notified disastersNew Delhi, December 14, 2014
Updated: December 14, 2014 10:35 IST
Ministry for adding lightning to the list of notified disasters
PTI
India has unusually high death toll due to lightning every year, mostly during monsoon season.
TOPICS
government
People killed in lightening incidents may now be compensated by the government if a recommendation of the Union Home Ministry to this effect is accepted.
As India accounts for an average 400 deaths due to lightening every year, the Ministry has moved a proposal to the 14th Finance Commission, suggesting inclusion of lightning in the list of notified disasters eligible for assistance from national and state disaster relief funds.
At present, lightning is not among the eligible natural disasters for relief, official sources said.
The 14th Finance Commission will submit its report to the government by December 31.
The issue of inclusion of any disaster in the list of notified natural disasters has been considered by the successive Finance commissions set up from time-to-time.
The 13th Finance Commission had considered the proposal for inclusion of lightning. However, no recommendation has come from it for inclusion of lightning as one of the disasters qualifying for assistance from national and state disasters response funds.
The state governments are required to provide relief from their own resources, to the people affected due to lightning as per their relief codes and manual, the sources said.
India has unusually high death toll due to lightning every year, mostly during monsoon season. On an average, three people die in Britain each year due to strikes, while in the US, an average 30 people die following lightning strikes.
Lightning normally hit during the June-October and the weekend toll was unusually high. Bamboo-and-thatched huts are generally most at risk.
Only around ten per cent of people who are struck by lightning die because the bolt of electricity causes their heart and breathing to stop. Those who survive tend to wake up from the shock within a few seconds but have little recollection of what happened before the injury.
They could suffer minor burns and stroke-like symptoms.

http://usat.ly/1ArOiypFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Wealth gap widens between whites, minorities
The wealth of white households was 13 times greater than that of black households in 2013, a Pew study found.
Post to Facebook
Wealth gap widens between whites, minorities The wealth of white households was 13 times greater than that of black households in 2013, a Pew study found. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1ArOiyp
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
24
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Wealth gap widens between whites, minorities
AP 1:37 p.m. EST December 12, 2014
The wealth gap widened between whites and minorities in 2013.
(Photo: iStockphoto, Getty Images)
104 CONNECT 50 TWEET 21 LINKEDIN 24 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The economic recovery has not been equal among the races, according to a Pew Research Center study released Friday.
The study found that the wealth gap between white households and minorities has widened in recent years.
The wealth of white households was 13 times greater than that of black households in 2013, versus eight times the wealth in 2010. And the wealth of white households was more than 10 times that of Hispanic households, up from nine times the wealth in 2010.
Pew researchers — analyzing data from the Federal Reserve's Survey of Consumer Finances— found that the gap between whites and blacks has reached its highest point since 1989. The wealth ratio for whites-to-Hispanics is at a level not seen since 2001.
Net worth is a measure of the difference between the household's assets and their liabilities. The typical household had a net worth of $81,400 in 2013, according to the Fed's survey.
The recession was universally hard on American families as a stock market crash and plunging house prices ate into their net worth. From 2007 to 2010, the median net worth of American families fell 39 percent.
Researchers say a number of factors may be responsible for the uneven recovery: falling income, lower savings rate and different asset holdings.
The median income in minority households fell 9 percent from 2010 and 2013, versus a 1 percent drop in white households. And in turn, researchers say, minority households may have either been forced to draw down from savings to get by or were unable to replenish their savings as much as white households.
Additionally, certain financial assets, such as stocks, recovered more quickly than housing since the recession ended. And white households are more likely than minorities to own stocks, putting them in a better position for a recovery.
104 CONNECT 50 TWEET 21 LINKEDIN 24 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ArOiyp
USA NOW
More AirAsia crash victims recovered amid bad weather
Jan 02, 2015

Food Min seeks PM s help to resolve K taka maize farmers issueFood Min seeks PM's help to resolve K'taka maize farmers issue
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 14, 2014 10:40 AM IST
Amid demand from the Karnataka government to resolve the maize farmers' issue, the Food Ministry has sought the PM's intervention on the issue of whether to allow the state government to buy maize at the support price and further dispose it off in the open market if there is no demand for such coarse cereals in PDS.
As per the revised norms, the state governments are permitted to procure coarse cereals like maize at the minimum support price (MSP) only for distribution in the Public Distribution System (PDS). They are allowed to dispose off the surplus quantities only after meeting the PDS demand.
In view of sharp drop in maize prices below the MSP of Rs 1,300 per quintal in Karnataka, the state government has demanded that since there is no PDS demand for maize in the state, it should be allowed to procure the coarse cereal at the support price to protect farmers and further sell it in the open market via the tender process.
"On this issue, we have sought the intervention from the Prime Minister. The Food Department has asked the Karnataka government to procure maize only if it can be distributed through PDS," a senior government official said.
It is believed that the Finance Ministry has raised objection to the Karnataka's demand and asked the Union Food Ministry to apply financial prudence, sources said.
Last month, Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah had met Paswan urging him to take positive steps in the interest of maize farmers.
To protect farmers, the Chief Minister had sought permission to buy maize at MSP in the current season despite there being no PDS demand for it in the state due to food preferences towards rice and wheat.
Last year, Karnataka had procured 7.20 lakh tonnes of maize, of which almost entire quantity had to be disposed off in the open market in the absence of PDS demand, as per the official data.
It looks like there are few takers for maize under PDS across the country as only 92,670 tonnes of maize was supplied through ration shops out of the total procurement of over 12 lakh tonnes last year, the data showed.
Coarse cereals like maize are supplied at Rs 1/ kg under PDS under the new food law.

Indonesia: Toll rises to 24  84 still missing in Indonesia mudslideBy: Agence-France Presse | Jemblung (indonesia) |
Posted: December 13, 2014 11:37 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:16 pm
Rescuers searching for more than 80 people missing after a landslide in Indonesia deployed bulldozers and excavators today to battle their way through roads strewn with debris to the site of the disaster, officials said.
At least 26 people have been confirmed dead after torrential downpours triggered the landslide hitting Jemblung village in central Java late Friday, National Disaster Management Agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said.
“We found six more bodies today. Eighty-two people are still missing,” he told AFP.
Hundreds of rescuers were digging through the mud with shovels and their bare hands in a desperate hunt for any survivors.
“I am very worried,” a sobbing Sutinem, whose 12 family members including her children were buried in the landslide, he said.
The 45-year-old, who like many Indonesians goes by only one name, said so far only the body of her mother had been found. She was not at the village when the landslide hit as she was working in west Java.
“I was shocked to see that my village was flattened to the ground… I pray that the government will find them quickly,” she said.
“We are trying our best to look (for) those still buried.
It’s a big challenge because we are still using manual tools and the affected area is very muddy,” military official Edi Rahmatullah told reporters.
Provincial search and rescue agency chief Agus Haryono said rescue efforts have been slow because the ground was still unstable.
“The affected area is a large valley surrounded by hills.
The soil is loose and muddy so we have to be very careful when digging to prevent more landslides,” he said, adding that sniffer dogs were being deployed to detect bodies.
“The chances of finding anyone alive at this point is slim, but who knows? We just hope and pray that we can find survivors,” he said.
Authorities were using heavy equipment to clear a three-metre high pile of fallen trees and rubble on the main road leading to the site of the disaster.

Portland shooting: Man arrested in connection with shooting has ties with gangBy: Associated Press | Portland |
Posted: December 14, 2014 11:16 am
A 22-year-old man arrested in connection with a shooting outside an alternative high school in Portland had ties to a gang, as did two of the victims, police said Saturday.
Sgt. Pete Simpson said Lonzo Murphy is a “person of interest” in the Friday shooting, but officers aren’t prepared to say whether he was the gunman, Simpson said.
Authorities are trying to find two other people connected to the shooting near Rosemary Anderson High School. Three were hospitalized, including a 16-year-old girl who was critically wounded, and a fourth person was grazed by a bullet and treated at the scene.
Simpson says two male victims have ties to gangs. The victims are students or in affiliated job training programs, authorities say. “The nexus of it had to do with gang activity,” Simpson told reporters outside police headquarters. “The proximity to the school was happenstance, if you will. It doesn’t sound like it had anything to do directly with the school.”
Investigators received information that led them to look for Murphy, Simpson said. He was pulled over early Saturday and arrested on a parole violation
Officers found a handgun “consistent with what we were looking for related to this case,” Simpson but officers can’t say yet whether it was tied to the shooting.
After the arrest, investigators searched Murphy’s apartment, which is located five blocks from the shooting scene.
Police identified the hospitalized victims as Taylor Michelle Zimmers, 16, who was in critical condition on Friday; David Jackson-Liday, 20; and Labraye Franklin, 17.
Olyvia Batson, 17, was treated at the scene after a bullet grazed her foot.
Police have designated Jackson-Liday as a gang member, a formal process that requires officers to develop evidence and provide the alleged gang member an opportunity to appeal, Simpson said.
Franklin is known by officers to be affiliated with a gang but has not been designated a gang member, he said. Zimmers and Batson have no apparent gang affiliations, Simpson said.
Gang violence in Portland isn’t new. Some of the violence occurs between rival gangs, but bystanders have also been hurt.
Portland police have said they saw a spike in gang crime over the summer and have complained they don’t have adequate resources to address the problem.
A man died in a drive-by shooting in June and another man was killed in a separate shooting. A 5-year-old boy also was shot in the leg while playing at an apartment complex.

Mamata stands by Madan Mitra  says he is innocentMamata stands by Madan Mitra, says he is innocent
Our Bureau
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arriving at the CBI's Salt Lake office on the outskirts of Kolkata on Friday in connection with mult-crore Saradha chit fund scam. Mitra was later arrested. -- PTI
Kolkata, Dec 13:  
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today took to the streets and stood by her arrested Cabinet colleague, Madan Mitra.
Mitra, the State Transport and Sports Minster, was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Friday in relation to the Saradha scam.
“I will not believe that Madan is a thief and that he had to take money from Saradha Group to feed his family. These are lies and are being spread deliberately to malign him and our party,” Banerjee said while addressing a protest rally.
The Trinamool Congress had taken out a rally this afternoon to protest the Minister’s arrest and on the issue of the central agency being used for “political purposes”.
According to Banerjee, the CBI was politically motivated and was acting at the behest of “higher authorities in power”. Being one of the staunch opposition parties at the Centre, attempts were now being made to malign it, she said.
Chaos at Court
Meanwhile, there was chaos at the Alipore court premises where the arrested minister was to appear.
Angry Trinamool supporters tried to stop the minister from being presented before the court.
Although security arrangements were beefed up earlier in the day, the agitators swelled in numbers as the day progressed. They were able to break down some of the barricades.
Blockades were put up in different places in the city (southern parts) and in Mitra's constituency (Kamarhati), on the fringes of the city, yesterday evening after news of his arrest spread.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

http://usat.ly/1qEExwW5 things job seekers spend way too much time worrying about
By: The Muse December 12, 2014 9:47 am
588  shares
SEND
EMAIL
It doesn’t matter how much work experience you have, or how many interviews you’ve knocked out of the park—job hunting is bound to make even the most confident candidates feel insecure.
And since so many factors are out of your control—like whether you’ll hear back about that perfect fit opportunity—it’s no wonder many people find themselves attempting to regain a little power by obsessing over what they can control.
But the truth is, not all job-search details are make-or-break.
To help you discern what’s worth your worry—and what’s definitely not—we chatted with two career experts to identify five easy-to-obsess-over details that hiring managers really don’t care about—and what to focus on instead.
1. How fancy your resume looks
In today’s competitive job market, it’s crucial to make your CV shine brighter than the hundreds of others on a hiring manager’s desk. Often, that pressure leads people to toil over the glossiest resume template—with fancy fonts, bold pops of color, and custom sub-sections—in an effort to express their exceptional flair for style.
But unless you’re applying for a design position and need to showcase those skills, Alison Green, a former nonprofit chief of staff and author of the Ask a Manager blog , is giving you permission to quit obsessing.
“No employer is going to hire you just because you have a beautifully laid-out resume,” she says. “Plus, it makes it look like you don’t have a clear idea of what things really matter.”
What does matter
“Standing out is about the strength of your candidacy, which is something you can’t buy, fake, or promote through even the most beautiful font choice,” Green says.
If you really want to prove you’re a strong candidate, create an easily readable document that prominently highlights your professional accomplishments.
For example, maybe you exceeded your sales targets for three years in a row, successfully serviced your company’s most difficult account, or were chosen to represent your department at a major industry conference—make sure these points stand out on your CV.
One other thing to keep in mind? Stick to the facts, Green says, adding that hiring managers won’t give much weight to overly subjective descriptions and self-assessments you can’t substantiate, like “excellent management skills” or “creative communicator.”
2. If you send a handwritten thank you note
Back in the day, a thoughtfully composed, handwritten note was considered to be the best way to properly complete the interview process. But fast-forward to today’s hyper-connected world, when even hiring seems to move much faster—causing many job seekers to stress about the appropriate way to reach out post-interview.
Stacey Hawley, a career and leadership development coach and founder of The Credo Company , insists that stressing over how you follow up isn’t what hiring managers are concerned about.
“Interviewers just care that they get a note,” she says, adding that it’s best to send it—using the medium of your choice—within 48 hours of your meeting.
What does matter
Rather than simply thanking hiring managers for their time—something that doesn’t add value to the decision-making process—Hawley says to make sure your note contains meaningful information that proves you were paying attention and are still interested in the position.
“Think about the conversation, and write something both personal and business-related,” she suggests. “Tell them how much you appreciated discussing a certain business topic, then thank them for sharing their insights about something personal.”
3. Whether your resume fits on one page
You’ve probably heard traditional career advice that warns job seekers against submitting a resume that spills over to two or more pages .
After all, a 2012 study found hiring managers spend just six seconds reviewing a candidate’s materials before determining whether the person is a good fit.
So those hours you spent editing, adjusting margins, and tweaking the font size to squeeze every last bit of information on a single page seems reasonable enough.
But Green says you can throw this advice out the window—if you’ve been out of college for at least five years and have enough legitimate experience to include.
What does matter
Now that you have carte blanche to make your resume as long—or short—as you see fit, concentrate on making sure you’ve highlighted only the most pertinent facts from your job history.
“Hiring managers often skim a resume first, so jam-packing yours with every job you’ve ever had reduces the chance that their eye will land on what you truly want them to see,” Green says.
So give the majority of your resume’s real estate to the most recent and relevant information—and downplay the rest. “You could even put the internships or junior positions together without bullet points,” Green adds. “You don’t need to treat them with equal weight compared to full-time staff positions.”
Another option? Organize your resume by “Relevant Experience” and “Other Work Experience,” rather than in chronological order. “This allows you to highlight the experiences and skills that the hiring manager or recruiter is most interested in, while still addressing your overall work history,” Green says.
4. Crafting a clever cover letter
If writer’s block always seems to hit just as you sit down to write the perfect cover letter, you certainly wouldn’t be alone.
But the truth is that a cover letter doesn’t have to be that complicated. “Just imagine you’re writing an email to a friend about why you’d be perfect for this job,” Green says. “That’s the tone you want.”
What does matter
The key to a great cover letter is to emphasize the passions and personal traits that make you uniquely qualified to excel in a particular job—but don’t come across in your resume.
“Somewhere along the line, people got the idea that a cover letter should offer the same details as your resume, but it’s the opposite,” Green says. “If all you do is summarize your work history, you’re squandering an opportunity.”
She offers an example of a woman who applied for an administrative position, but didn’t have as much experience as other candidates Green was considering.
“In her cover letter, the woman explained how her friends teased her for neurotically color-coding her closet and alphabetizing her spices, and she talked about how she’s known in her peer group for her love of organization,” Green says. “You cannot put that in a resume. But it told me so much about the type of person she was, and likely the type of approach she would have to that job.”
The result? The woman scored an interview—and the job.
5. Why you haven’t heard back
Whether you’ve just submitted your resume and are wondering if you’ll be called for an interview, or you’re waiting to hear if you’ll be asked back for a second one, it’s hard to be patient or think of anything else.
Hawley sympathizes—but warns job seekers not to check in too often.
“For them, this is a major event in their lives, but for the interviewers, they’re meeting other people and, of course, working! Work gets in the way of the interview process all of the time,” she says. “I know it’s hard, but be patient. The last thing you should do is email the interviewers and ask when you’ll hear back—repeatedly.”
What does matter
If you do snag an interview, satisfy your curiosity by asking for a timeline before you leave. “If you know when the powers-that-be want to make a decision by, it’s reasonable to check in after that point for an update,” Green says.
After that, shift your focus back to what you can control: continuing your job search.
“For your mental health, the best thing you can do is pretend you didn’t get the job as soon as you walk out the door,” Green says. “Put it out of your mind. Then you won’t agonize day after day.”
Bonus: You’ll be pleasantly surprised when you do get that phone call with an offer.
Maureen Dempsey  is a writer for LearnVest.  LearnVest  empowers people to live their richest lives, with  daily newsletters  packed with tips and stories on managing your money and boosting your career, a  budgeting center  for keeping track of your expenses and income, and affordable,  personalized financial plans  from a team of certified financial planners.
The Muse is your ultimate career destination, offering exciting job opportunities, expert advice, and a peek behind the scenes into fantastic companies and career paths. We believe that you can and should love your job–and be successful at it–and we want to help make that happen. Whether you’re just starting out, changing career paths, or aiming for the C-suite, we’ve got everything you need to take charge of your career.
This article comes from The USA TODAY College Contributor network. The views expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect the views of USA TODAY. You understand that we have no obligation to monitor any discussion forums, blogs, photo- or video-sharing pages, or other areas of the Site through which users can supply information or material. However, we reserve the right at all times, in our sole discretion, to screen content submitted by users and to edit, move, delete, and/or refuse to accept any content that in our judgment violates these Terms of Service or is otherwise unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons.

Sensex  Nifty May Continue to See Correction  Say ExpertsYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty May Continue to See Correction, Say Experts
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 14, 2014 11:47 (IST)
Cyient Gains 3% on Acquisition
New Delhi: The benchmark Sensex that saw its biggest weekly loss in three years may see correction continuing even this week as investors react to tepid macroeconomic data, including factory output, say experts.
Wholesale price index inflation data for November that will come on Monday and developments in the ongoing Parliament session will also influence trading, they added.
Trend in global markets, investment cues from overseas investors, movement of rupee against the dollar, and crude oil price will dictate near-term trend on bourses.
US oil prices have fallen to a fresh 5-year low of $57.81/barrel after the International Energy Agency cut its oil-demand forecast for 2015.
"Participants will react to macro-economic data of CPI inflation and IIP, which were released post market on Friday.
On the same day, they would be keenly eyeing the release of WPI inflation. Also, markets would be keeping a note of corporate advance tax payment as that would provide clues on Q3 December 2014 corporate earnings," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
Further, market participants would be keeping a track of development taking place in the ongoing winter session of Parliament, which is set to conclude on December 23, he said.
"Considering the market situation, we expect this corrective move to extend further in the coming week. And, it is important for traders to keep extra caution as stocks are trading quite volatile these days," Mr Manglik said.
Among global cues, eyes will be on the outcome of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) monetary policy review.
"Movement of index in near-term will consistently remain on further reform initiatives to be taken in the ongoing winter session and WPI data expected to be announced later in the evening," Vivek Gupta, CMT-Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research.
Meanwhile, in its biggest weekly loss in three years, the BSE benchmark Sensex extended its falling trend for the second consecutive week by plunging 1,107.42 points due to all-round selling pressure in view of declining crude prices.
The CNX 50-share Nifty also dropped by 314.20 points or 3.68 per cent to end at 8,224.10.
Story first published on: December 14, 2014 11:46 (IST)

Presidents and VPs should be political persons: PranabPresidents and VPs should be political persons: Pranab
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 14:  
The offices of President and Vice-President should not be held by people other than politicians, feels incumbent President Pranab Mukherjee.
He also feels the role of presiding officers in legislative chambers should be similarly viewed as persons “otherwise eminent and competent” may not have the required political judgment to balance a delicate situation.
The President’s views on these Constitutional posts in the context of the running of the Houses of Parliament and the role of the presiding officers are part of his just-released book “The Dramatic Decade: The Indira Gandhi Years“.
So far S Radhakrishnan and APJ Abdul Kalam had occupied the post without a political career. Similarly, S Radhakrishnan, GS Pathak and Justice M Hidayatullah were Vice-Presidents without a political background.
He refers to a situation when the Congress party and Indira Gandhi had returned to power in 1980 but was lacking in majority in the Rajya Sabha.
It was in the context of the Government wanting to avoid a defeat on its resolution in the Upper House seeking approval of dissolution of some Assemblies in a ‘tit for tat’ action against Janata Party, whose Government had dismissed Congress governments in some states when it came to power in 1977.
“I was confident of winning in the Rajya Sabha. But while I did not like to be bullied by the opposition, I did not like the Chairman (M Hidayatullah, former Chief Justice of India).
“The Chairman had a desire to assume total power with regards to business of the House. This role of a presiding officer may have been theoretically correct but was practically not possible,” he says.
Mukherjee, a veteran politician and a parliamentarian, says that the House is a political institution not merely a debating club. It has to transact the business of the Nation initiated, and be guided by prevailing political forces.
“The Rajya Sabha was to play a balanced role in transacting business. It was not a secondary chamber but, at the same time, it could not take advantage of numerical position of a party to play an obstructionist role against the wishes of the ruling party, which had come to power with the mandate of the people,” he says.
So, Mukherjee feels, the handling of a delicate situation by maintaining a balance required political judgement not always available with persons otherwise eminent and competent.
“I am of the view that offices such as those of the President and the Vice-President should not be held by people other than politicians, and the role of presiding officers in legislative chambers has to be similarly viewed,” the President writes in the book.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

Ramesh named member of UNEP policy boardPakistani boat carrying explosives caught by Indian Coast Guard off Gujarat; 4 men refuse to surrender, 'blow themselves up'
Former Union minister Jairam Ramesh has been appointed as a member of a board which provides strategic policy advice to a key UN agency on environmentally-sound technologies for developing nations.
Ramesh said he has accepted the offer to serve as a member of the International Advisory Board (IAB) which gives strategic policy advice to the Executive Director of United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) on the programmatic direction of International Environmental Technology Centre (IETC).
The IETC, based in Osaka, Japan, was established with the mandate of providing support to developing countries in transition with environmentally-sound technologies.
In the short and medium term, IETC is focusing on support for waste management. According to the UNEP, with the current population and urbanisation growth and rapid depletion of natural resources, utilising waste as a key resource for sustainable development is imperative.
In this context, UNEP envisages a larger scope for IETC to make this contribution to the developing countries building on the existing knowledge, expertise and technology.
IAB membership will include senior policy and technical representatives from all the regions.
Ramesh was recently named to chair a global research platform panel on sustainable development instituted by an alliance of organisations such as UNEP, UNESCO and World Meteorological Organisation (WMO).
The inaugural Future Earth Engagement Committee is the flagship initiative of the Science and Technology Alliance for Global Sustainability (the Alliance).
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

ONGC to use GSPC s under-sea infrastructure for KG findONGC to use GSPC's under-sea infrastructure for KG find
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 14, 2014 11:55 AM IST
State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) plans to use Gujarat firm GSPC's undersea infrastructure to bring gas from its KG-basin fields in Bay of Bengal to land.
ONGC had last year signed an agreement to use Reliance Industries' under-utilised KG-D6 infrastructure to move gas from neighbouring KG-DWN-98/2, or KG-D5 block, to land.
The company has now submitted plans to the government to use infrastructure of Gujarat State Petroleum Corp, which has laid out under-sea pipelines and other systems to take gas from its block in the vicinity of Andhra Pradesh, sources said.
ONGC has made 11 discoveries in KG-D5 which it plans to develop in three clusters or groups. In the first cluster, it plans to club gas finds D and E in the northern part of KG-D5 with a discovery in its adjoining G-4 block.
These finds, sources said, are in close proximity to the pipeline system that are to take gas from GSPC's KG-OSN-2001/3 block to onland.
So, ONGC will pump 14.5 million standard cubic meters per day of peak output envisaged from Cluster-1 to the GSPC network for onward transmission to land.
Cluster-2, which is also in the northern part of KG-D5, will have two components - 91,000 barrels per day of oil which will be transported to a floating processing system from where it will be sent to refineries by tankers. About 12.5 mmscmd of gas will be transported to an onshore terminal at Odalarevu through a separate ONGC-laid sub-sea pipeline network.
The third Cluster is made up of UD-1 gas discovery in the Southern part, which lies in extremely challenging water depths of 2400-3200 meters.
Sources said ONGC is currently not pursuing development of this as it is yet to get a suitable technological solution. The company is targeting mid-2018 for start of natural gas production from the block and mid 2019 for oil.
The block KG-D5, which sits next to RIL's KG-D6 block, is divided into the Northern Discovery Area (NDA) and Southern Discovery Area (SDA). NDA has 121 million tons of inplace oil reserves and 78 billion cubic meters of gas while SDA has an inplace reserve of 80.9 bcm.
ONGC and RIL won KG-D5 and KG-D6 block in the first round of auction under New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) in 2000.
RIL began production from the oil discovery in KG-D6 in September 2008 and put gas find on production in April 2009. It created capacities to carry as much as 80 mmscmd of gas but current output of less than 12 mmscmd utilises only 15% of this resource.

DoD identifies SJVN  MOIL for disinvestment in 2014-15DoD identifies SJVN, MOIL for disinvestment in 2014-15
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 14, 2014 11:20 AM IST
The government has identified Satluj Jal Vidyut Nigam (SJVN) and manganese-ore miner MOIL as possible candidates for 10% disinvestment in the current fiscal which could together fetch over Rs 1,200 crore to the exchequer.
"The disinvestment department has included 10% stake sale each in SJVNL and MOIL for disinvestment in current fiscal," a government official told PTI.
A sale of 10% stake or 37.22 crore shares of SJVN could fetch over Rs 890 crore. Besides, 10% stake or 1.34 crore shares of MOIL could garner around Rs 400 crore at the current market price.
The government currently holds 89.97% in SJVN and 80% stake in MOIL.
SJVN and MOIL are among the 10 companies which have been cleared for disinvestment in the current fiscal.
Earlier this month, the government sold 5% stake in steel major SAIL, which saw huge investor response with bids soaring two times the number of shares put on block. The sale raked in Rs 1,700 crore to the exchequer.
The government is racing against time to meet its disinvestment target of Rs 43,425 crore for this fiscal. It has lined up bluechip companies like ONGC and Coal India.
Also, NHPC, Power Finance Corp, Rural Electrification Corp and Container Corp are on the block.

Abe set for easy poll victoryAbe strengthens grip in Japanese election
Ben McLannahan and Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4ba036d8-8350-11e4-9a9a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Challenge to the old guardOctober 20, 2014 4:49 pm
A healthy challenge to the old guard of global finance
Eswar Prasad
The IMF’s is able to assess countries’ financial and macroeconomic policies, writes Eswar Prasad
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/13fb738c-583f-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Star-crossed quest for the next El-Erian© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ddb9d528-553e-11e4-89e8-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bayer to use IPO funds to cut debtBayer to use IPO funds to cut debt and buy consumer drugs
Jeevan Vasagar in Leverkusen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a2d9d2c0-70e9-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New drugs drive rising sales at BayerBayer raises guidance as new drugs drive sales
Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a29ec612-6009-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Google to close engineering office in Russia: Report23
1
Google has plans to shut down its engineering office in Russia amid a crackdown on internet freedoms and a law regarding data-handling practices, the Wall Street Journal reported.
The Journal said that the internet search engine company might retain some employees to assist in sales, business partnerships, user support, marketing and communications.
In July, Russia's parliament passed a law to force Internet sites that store the personal data of Russian citizens to do so inside the country, a move the Kremlin says is for data protection but which critics see as an attack on social networks.
Google has plans to shut down its engineering office in Russia amid a crackdown on internet freedoms and a law regarding data-handling practices, says a report.
The law was passed soon after new rules were established requiring blogs attracting more than 3,000 daily visits to register with a communications watchdog and a regulation allowing websites to be shut without a court order.
Google could not be immediately reached for comment.
8

China s Baidu to invest in taxi-hailing app Uber24
0
Beijing: Search engine Baidu will invest in taxi-hailing app maker Uber Technologies, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday, becoming the latest Chinese Internet firm to take an interest in the flourishing market for transportation apps.
The size of Baidu's investment - and its valuation of Uber - are unknown, but the Chinese firm has scheduled a press conference to announce an investment into an unnamed US-based startup on December 17 in Beijing.
State media outlet China National Radio reported the deal earlier this week.
Search engine Baidu will invest in taxi-hailing app maker Uber, becoming the latest Chinese Internet firm to take an interest in the flourishing market for transportation apps.
#baidu #uber #search engines #taxi hailing apps
Uber's alliance with Baidu mirrors partnerships between dominant Chinese taxi-hailing apps Kuaidi Dache and Didi Dache, which have been backed by Baidu rivals Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Tencent Holdings Ltd respectively.
Uber said earlier this month it raised funding valuing the company at $40 billion (£25.4 billion), propelling it into the ranks of the world's most richly valued private companies.
The US startup has suffered a number of setbacks this week. Thailand and Spain are among countries to have halted its services for regulatory reasons, while in India, the arrest of an Uber driver accused of rape has led to a ban and a review of safety.
An Uber spokeswoman in Singapore did not respond to a request for comment.
1

Drug money funds terrorism  say no to drugs: PM to youthPM tells youth to have courage to say no to drugs, a ‘national pain’
Shishir Sinha
Not cool Far from being a style statement, drugs can lead to serious problems, including the funding of terror activity.
Wants families, friends and society to work together to curb the menace
New Delhi, Dec 14:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called for joint efforts by society and the government to fight the menace of drug abuse. He assured the nation of a dedicated toll-free helpline to curb drug addiction.
In an emotional appeal in his third direct radio address to the nation, the Prime Minister told young people that the money spent on drugs might be funding terrorism.
“(I) want to ask — perhaps, for a few hours you feel it is a different life, free of troubles — but where does the money you spend go... have you thought? The bullet that hits the soldier has the money of your drugs. We cannot help terrorists and drug mafia,” Modi said in his ‘Mann Ki Baat’, where spoke on drug addiction among the youth.
Ambitions, dreams
Terming drug addiction a “psycho-socio-medical problem,” Modi said drugs lead to the problem of 3Ds — Darkness, Destruction and Devastation. “When a youngster gets into this (drugs) we consider him or her bad. But the truth is that drugs are bad, not the youth,” he said in the 20-minute broadcast on All India Radio, which covers 92 per cent of the country’s geographical area and almost the entire population through 414 broadcast centres.
Asking parents to keep an eye on their children, the Prime Minister said bad habits don’t start all of a sudden, they grow over time. He told the youth that sometimes, with friends, people feel drugs are cool and a style statement, but it leads to serious problems. “Have the courage to say no (to drugs) and reject drugs. Tell your friends to do the same too,” he added.
The Prime Minister asked family, friends and the society to work together to curb the menace. Modi felt that when a person does not have any aim and ambition, drugs find him easily.
“If you want to keep your children away from drugs, help them have aims, ambition and dreams, and they will not turn to anything,” he said.
The Prime Minister said he chose the subject as it is a ‘national pain’ and he was giving his anguish an outlet in the process.
Positive goals
While exhorting youth to have positive ambitions and goals, Modi referred to the “enthusiasm” and “drive” of the Indian Blind Cricket Team, which recently met him after winning the World Cup.
He also mentioned the victory achieved by the Jammu and Kashmir cricket team against Mumbai in the Ranji Cup to highlight their extraordinary drive.
“Jammu and Kashmir was hit by floods recently. Its playgrounds were flooded. However, despite the difficulties, its team achieved the goal. I congratulate them,” he added. The Prime Minister also referred to the UN decision declaring June 21 as the ‘International Yoga Day’ and said a record 177 nations co-sponsored the resolution on an idea mooted by India.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

Merger with HDFC makes sense but no proposal on table: PuriMerger with HDFC makes sense but no proposal on table: Puri
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Dec 15, 2014 12:24 AM IST
Private sector lender HDFC Bank has said a merger with parent Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) makes sense in the long term. There is no proposal on the table and regulatory clarity is required to make such a deal “more beneficial”.
A possible merger between HDFC Bank and the housing finance giant has been talked about for a long time. Such a transaction can create the country’s second largest financial sector institution, after State Bank of India.
Currently, HDFC Bank is the second largest lender in the private sector. It ranks on top in market valuation, ahead of ICICI Bank.
“We have been saying the same thing about the merger for 20 years,” HDFC Bank chief Aditya Puri said.
While talk of a possible merger keep surfacing, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s move in July to allow banks to access long-term funding through bonds for infrastructure funding and affordable housing reignited such speculations.
Puri, who has led mergers of Times Bank and Centurion Bank of Punjab with HDFC Bank, said infrastructure bond issuance heightens the case for a merger with HDFC Ltd.
“There are some regulatory issues which need to be resolved to make the merger more beneficial. Partly, it has been resolved with the issuance of the circular on infra bonds, but there are a few more issues in which we are in discussion with the regulators,” he said.
Following a Union Budget announcement, RBI has put in place a new set of norms for infrastructure loans, to allow these to be funded through long-term bonds. Banks do not need to set aside reserve requirements on these loans. After RBI issued these norms, HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh had said the boards of HDFC Bank and HDFC have not considered a merger. They might look into it at an appropriate time “if it is necessary and beneficial to both entities”.
HDFC Vice-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Keki Mistry has also previously said a merger was possible “theoretically” and could be done at an appropriate time.
The two entities have a combined loan book size of Rs 5 trillion and assets of Rs 8 trillion. In market capitalisation, the HDFC group ranks second after the Tatas and ahead of the Reliance Industries group, at close to Rs 4 trillion.

Nitin Gadkari moots Rs 1 trillion underground ring road for MumbaiThe Centre is planning to construct a tunnel ring road in the city that can be linked to the proposed Ahmedabad-Mumbai highway.
The cost of the tunnel ring road project, as per initial estimates, is around Rs 90,000 crore.
“To improve connectivity and at the same time ensure that the scenic beauty of the city is not disturbed while creating bridges and roads, we are considering building a tunnel road that would go up to the proposed Ahmedabad-Mumbai highway,” Union Road and Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari said here over the weekend.
He said the highway project, which has been on the back burner as there is a new proposal for a Surat-Mumbai elevated road, will be revived.
“We have carried out the feasibility study and also decided the alignment of the Surat-Mumbai highway. But it is still not finalised whether we will go ahead with the project or not. In meanwhile, we are also thinking about creating a tunnel ring road that will go up to the pending proposal of Ahmedabad-Mumbai highway,” he said.
Gadkari said the idea of the tunnel road came to him when he visited Holland. “I saw the tunnel connecting Notre Dame to Belgium and this gave me the idea of constructing a tunnel road in the city,” the minister said.
One section of the proposed tunnel road would start from the Mahim Creek in the central part of the city and connect the Bandra-Worli Sealink on the western fringe and connect also connect Nariman Point in the south.
Another section will begin from Sewre on the eastern periphery of the island city and extend undersea to connect the JNPT at Nhava Seva across the bay and will also connect the Mumbai Port on the eastern cost. The road will enjoin the proposed Mumbai-Ahmedabad highway from Bhayandhar on the northwestern periphery of the city, he said.
Gadkari further said initial estimate on the cost of construction is around Rs 90,000 crore and said fund is not an issue. But he was quick to add that bringing down the cost is a priority and accordingly the government will be appointing a consultant for this.
“We are studying ways to ensure the cost comes down to at least Rs 60,000 crore,” he added.
He also assured that necessary assistance from the government side would be provided to make the project financially viable.
Post Comments
More from economy

Run Air India professionally  urges IATA chiefYou are here: Home > Collections > Iata
Run Air India professionally, urges IATA Director General Tony Tyler
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 12.34PM IST
Tags:
Air India
(Criticising political…)
GENEVA: Cash-strapped Air India should be run by professionals even if the government partially off-loads its stake to investors to keep it off-the-ground, a top global aviation professional has said.
"The Government has to recognise that if it is to privatise Air India, then it has to leave the management of Air India and not interfere with it," Tony Tyler , the Director General and CEO of International Air Transport Association (IATA), said here.
Talking to PTI at IATA headquarters here, the chief of the global airlines' body flayed political interference in the functioning of an airline, saying the government-owned airlines have generally performed well when run by professionals.
Asked about privatisation of state-owned carriers the world over, Tyler said when it is a government-owned airline it is the government's prerogative to run it and even then, "I believe it should be left to the professional managers to manage it."
"But when you sell it and a private investor is there then you must leave the management to manage it and be controlled by the individuals and not the government."
Criticising political interference in the functioning of an airline, Tyler said an airline should be run on commercial lines if it is to take on competition.
"If it is to be run, then that should done only as a commercial entity because your competitors are (functioning) on commercial lines. The government then is there as an investor and not a manager. When politicians start to take management decisions, you have problems."
The IATA chief said even if the government continues to partly own an airline and "even if you have 10 per cent of private investment, those investors have to be treated as financial investors and not mere sources of money."
Without ruling out corporatisation or professionalisation of Air India, the government has decided to set up an Expert Committee to develop a "future roadmap" for it, saying it was essential to ensure that the national carrier achieves its full potential.
This was declared in the Draft Civil Aviation Policy unveiled last month, which is now being discussed with all stakeholders.
Air India is sitting on a debt pile of Rs 40,000 crore till the last quarter and has recorded losses of about Rs 5,400 crore in 2013-14.
Government has decided to infuse a total of Rs 30,000 crore government bailout package announced by the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in 2012.
In the latest 2014-15 budget, the government has earmarked Rs 6,500 crore for equity infusion in Air India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IOC is India s biggest company: Fortune 500 ...Bank of India
(IOC tops the chart with an…)
NEW DELHI: State-run Indian Oil Corporation is the country's largest company in terms of revenue, followed by Reliance Industries and Bharat Petroleum in the second and third place respectively, according to the Fortune 500 list of Indian companies for 2014.
Indian Oil Corp (IOC) tops the chart with an annual revenue of Rs 5,00,973 crore, while Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries Ltd's (RIL) full-year revenue is Rs 4,44,021 crore.
Bharat Petroleum (BPCL) is at the third spot with a revenue of Rs 2,67,718 crore. Hindustan Petroleum's (HPCL) Rs 2,36,797 crore revenue earned the fourth place in the Fortune 500 list.
IOC , RIL , BPCL and HPCL have retained their last year's respective ranks, Fortune India said.
This year's list, compiled by global business magazine Fortune's Indian edition, said there has been a 9.5 per cent annual growth in total revenues, while in terms of profit it is 4.5 per cent.
The government-owned companies, which account for 38 per cent of the total revenue, have seen a 6.6 per cent growth, while private companies with 56.7 per cent share have seen revenue growing by 10.2 per cent.
Foreign-owned companies with 5.3 per cent share have posted a 25.5 per cent revenue growth, Fortune India said.
Others in the top 10 list include Tata Motors (5th in the ranking, with a revenue of Rs 2,36,502 crore. State Bank of India (Rs 2,26,944 crore), ONGC (Rs 1,82,084 crore), Tata Steel (Rs 1,49,663 crore), Essar Oil (Rs 99,473 crore) and Hindalco Industries (Rs 89,175 crore) figure in the list in that order.
A look at this year's Fortune India 500 through 'Make in India' lens revealed that manufacturing with 298 companies has a 67 per cent share of the total revenue, marginally lower than 68.7 per cent in 2013. The revenue share of services companies (143 firms) has increased to 27.7 per cent from 26.3 per cent in 2013.
Profits also show a similar trend, while manufacturing share has fallen to 55.1 per cent from 56.6 per cent, that of services has gone up to 44.1 per cent from 40.9 per cent.
"Manufacturing then, definitely needs a helping hand and 'Make in India' could just be the ticket," the magazine said adding that "the specific pain points that need to be addressed include the issue of retrospective taxation, labour and foreign direct investment".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Injured Misbah ruled out of last three ODIsUpdated: December 14, 2014 11:08 IST
Injured Misbah ruled out of last three ODIs
PTI
cricket
Pakistan’s test and one—day captain, Misbah-ul-Haq has been ruled out of the remaining three one-day matches against New Zealand due to a hamstring injury.
An official in the Pakistan Cricket Board said late yesterday that MRI scans reports had confirmed that Misbah required proper rest to recover from his hamstring injury.
“Shahid Afridi will now lead the side in the remaining three matches,” he said.
Misbah sustained the injury while fielding during the second one-day international against the Kiwis in Sharjah.
The official said Misbah would be returning from the UAE to rest and undergo treatment for his hamstring injury to recover in time for next year’s World Cup.

Top Seven Firms Lose Over Rs 1 Lakh Crore Market Value in a WeekYou are here: Home Market
Top Seven Companies Lose Over Rs 1 Lakh Crore Market Value in a Week
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 14, 2014 12:48 (IST)
Cyient Gains 3% on Acquisition
New Delhi: The combined market valuation of top seven Sensex companies tanked by a whopping Rs 1 lakh crore in the past week, with TCS, ONGC and RIL taking the steepest hit.
The combined wealth erosion of these top seven Sensex firms, which also include SBI, HDFC Bank, Infosys and ICICI Bank, was Rs 1,02,431.31 crore. The total market value of all these seven firms stood at Rs 20.38 lakh crore in the week before.
The Sensex concluded the week at 27,350.68, disclosing a sharp fall of 1,107.42 points of 3.89 per cent -- the worst weekly drop since December 2011.
The market capitalisation (m-cap) of ONGC plunged Rs 24,725.37 crore to Rs 2,88,277.24 crore, taking the biggest hit among top-10 firms.
TCS's valuation dropped Rs 24,043.39 crore to Rs 4,81,004.83 crore. RIL's market value plunged Rs 23,988.04 crore to Rs 2,85,834.50 crore.
The m-cap of Infosys tumbled Rs 14,993.31 crore to Rs 2,22,706.01 crore, ICICI Bank fell Rs 7,439.74 crore to Rs 2,00,670.19 crore, SBI dropped Rs 4,740.74 crore to Rs 2,32,408.20 crore and HDFC Bank dipped Rs 2,500.72 crore to Rs 2,25,270.38 crore.
On the other hand, CIL added Rs 5,621.56 crore to Rs 2,30,768.37 crore, Sun Pharma's m-cap rose by Rs 4,282.96 crore to Rs 1,74,386.96 crore and that of ITC gained Rs 3,354.44 crore to Rs 3,15,996.74 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS retained its numero-uno position, followed by ITC, ONGC, RIL, SBI, CIL, HDFC Bank, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Story first published on: December 14, 2014 12:46 (IST)

Gadkari moots Rs 90 000 cr underground ring road for MumbaiGadkari moots Rs 90 000 cr underground ring road for Mumbai
Champions Trophy: Pak s obscene gesture after victory over India draws flakChampions Trophy: Pak s obscene gesture after victory over India draws flak
Top seven cos lose over Rs 1 lakh cr in market valueTop seven cos lose over Rs 1 lakh cr in market value
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 14:  
The combined market valuation of top seven Sensex companies tanked by a whopping Rs 1 lakh crore in the past week, with TCS, ONGC and RIL taking the steepest hit.
The combined wealth erosion of these top seven Sensex firms, which also include SBI, HDFC Bank, Infosys and ICICI Bank, was Rs 1,02,431.31 crore. The total market value of all these seven firms stood at Rs 20.38 lakh crore in the week before.
The Sensex concluded the week at 27,350.68, disclosing a sharp fall of 1,107.42 points or 3.89 per cent — the worst weekly drop since December 2011.
The market capitalisation (m—cap) of ONGC plunged Rs 24,725.37 crore to Rs 2,88,277.24 crore, taking the biggest hit among top—10 firms.
TCS’s valuation dropped Rs 24,043.39 crore to Rs 4,81,004.83 crore. RIL’s market value plunged Rs 23,988.04 crore to Rs 2,85,834.50 crore.
The m—cap of Infosys tumbled Rs 14,993.31 crore to Rs 2,22,706.01 crore, ICICI Bank fell Rs 7,439.74 crore to Rs 2,00,670.19 crore, SBI dropped Rs 4,740.74 crore to Rs 2,32,408.20 crore and HDFC Bank dipped Rs 2,500.72 crore to Rs 2,25,270.38 crore.
On the other hand, CIL added Rs 5,621.56 crore to Rs 2,30,768.37 crore, Sun Pharma’s m—cap rose by Rs 4,282.96 crore to Rs 1,74,386.96 crore and that of ITC gained Rs 3,354.44 crore to Rs 3,15,996.74 crore.
In the ranking of top—10 firms, TCS retained its numero—uno position, followed by ITC, ONGC, RIL, SBI, CIL, HDFC Bank, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

Bihar laptop market rides on students  power supplyPM Narendra Modi raises solar investment target to $100 bn by 2022
The laptop market in Bihar is zooming ahead, thanks to students and erratic power supply in small towns and rural areas.
“The laptop market in Bihar is growing very fast. According to market figures, over 8,000 laptops per month or around one lakh laptops annually are being sold through shops in the state, and the numbers indicate a rising trend,” Sudhir Gupta, director of Krishna Agencies, a distributor for a major laptop brand, told PTI.
He says a majority of buyers of 90 per cent of laptops sold in the state are school and college students, who go for entry level or medium level laptops priced up to Rs 65,000.
“Students prefer laptops over desktops, more so if they are from smaller towns or rural areas because of the non-availability of electricity. The powerful batteries that come with most of the laptops help them overcome the problem as they offer a back-up of at least two-and-a-half hours, though there are ones that give six hours power backup too,” Gupta says.
He adds that the latest craze among the students in the state is for laptop-cum-tablets as they are economically priced and come in colourful models.
But this is not all. According to IT Association estimates, the sales figures could shoot up by several thousands if laptop sales by e-commerce sites to consumers in Bihar, as well as, commercial purchases or bulk purchases by government agencies and private institutions are taken into consideration.
Patna-based eastern region vice-president of Confederation of Indian IT Associations (CIITA) Naveen Gupta says, “A couple of months ago we conducted a survey and found that at least 25 to 30 laptops were arriving via courier from e-commerce sites daily in the state capital only. Some of the shops were also ordering them and then reselling to buyers here.
“Since we are unable to access figures for laptops sold via e-commerce sites, we can only hazard a guess about them when it comes to total units sold in Bihar. Similarly, government purchases are made through tenders either in the state or even outside,” he adds.
Gupta says that the IT associations are now fighting for regulating e-commerce companies in computers and related things as they are able to offer products at prices that are even lower than what normal shops in the country procure at.
Post Comments
More from economy

Top seven cos lose over Rs 1 lakh crore market value in a weekTop seven cos lose over Rs 1 lakh crore market value in a week
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 14, 2014 12:49 PM IST
The combined market valuation of top seven Sensex companies tanked by a whopping Rs 1 lakh crore in the past week, with TCS, ONGC and RIL taking the steepest hit.
The combined wealth erosion of these top seven Sensex firms, which also include SBI, HDFC Bank, Infosys and ICICI Bank, was Rs 1,02,431.31 crore. The total market value of all these seven firms stood at Rs 20.38 lakh crore in the week before.
The Sensex concluded the week at 27,350.68, disclosing a sharp fall of 1,107.42 points of 3.89% -- the worst weekly drop since December 2011.
The market capitalisation (m-cap) of ONGC plunged Rs 24,725.37 crore to Rs 2,88,277.24 crore, taking the biggest hit among top-10 firms.
TCS's valuation dropped Rs 24,043.39 crore to Rs 4,81,004.83 crore. RIL's market value plunged Rs 23,988.04 crore to Rs 2,85,834.50 crore.
The m-cap of Infosys tumbled Rs 14,993.31 crore to Rs 2,22,706.01 crore, ICICI Bank fell Rs 7,439.74 crore to Rs 2,00,670.19 crore, SBI dropped Rs 4,740.74 crore to Rs 2,32,408.20 crore and HDFC Bank dipped Rs 2,500.72 crore to Rs 2,25,270.38 crore.
On the other hand, CIL added Rs 5,621.56 crore to Rs 2,30,768.37 crore, Sun Pharma's m-cap rose by Rs 4,282.96 crore to Rs 1,74,386.96 crore and that of ITC gained Rs 3,354.44 crore to Rs 3,15,996.74 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS retained its numero-uno position, followed by ITC, ONGC, RIL, SBI, CIL, HDFC Bank, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.

Sebi asks RBI  MCA to join efforts to deepen corp bond marketSebi asks RBI, MCA to join efforts to deepen corp bond market
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 15, 2014 12:21 AM IST
As the government seeks to create a “vibrant, deep and liquid” corporate bond market, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has approached the Reserve Bank of India and ministry of corporate affairs, among others, to address impediments in this regard.
Sebi has also proposed allowing reissuance of existing debt securities by a corporate issuer within the specified time, rather than launching a new issue.
This would help create large stocks in any given issue, thereby helping to create secondary market liquidity.
In his Budget speech in July, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said the financial sector regulators need to “take early steps for a vibrant, deep and liquid corporate bond market”.
Taking forward this agenda of development of corporate bond market, Sebi has taken up several issues with various regulators and departments, a senior official said.
Among others, Sebi has taken up with the Corporate Affairs Ministry the issues faced by issuers of corporate bonds relating to the applicability of certain provisions of the new companies law.
The issues raised with RBI include revising guidelines for private placement by NBFCs with regard to the number of investors, and use of capital markets for raising funds through debt and hybrid instruments for banks to meet capital requirements under Basel III norms.
In the September quarter, the bank's net profit grew 247 per cent to Rs 163 crore from Rs 47 crore in the year-ago period. The rise in profit was on account of higher margins and improvement in recoveries and upgrades.
Sources said that RBI has responded favourably to many suggestions and necessary action has been initiated already in some cases, but the central bank is not keen on allowing PDs to act as market makers and in permitting reporting of trades in CPs and CDs on stock exchanges.
Sebi had also written to RBI to make trading in corporate bonds on stock exchange platform mandatory in a phased manner.
However, RBI is of the view that exchanges should work with market participants to make exchange platforms a preferred mode for such transactions, rather than making it mandatory.
Sebi has also requested RBI to consider enabling trading members in the debt segment of stock exchanges to borrow funds to provide market making in the corporate bond market.
The capital markets regulator also proposed a common reporting platform for all securitised debt instruments, for which RBI is the main regulator and which are mostly issued by RBI-regulated banks and NBFCs.
Sebi has also written to RBI, IRDA, PFRDA and EPFO to rationalise the investment restrictions on the entities regulated by them, while it has asked Finance Ministry to look into taxation issues for securities debt instruments.

Sebi mulls new mechanism for surveillance of debt instrumentsSebi mulls new mechanism for surveillance of debt instruments
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 14, 2014 12:05 PM IST
In the wake of growing interest in debt market, capital markets regulator Sebi is considering putting in place a new mechanism for surveillance of debt instruments traded on the stock exchanges.
Besides, the markets watchdog also plans to undertake a review of 'derivative alerts' to safeguard the marketplace and investors from any manipulative activities.
According to a senior official, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has also asked the stock exchanges to issue an advisory on their websites for investors in respect of trading in equity derivatives.
While trading volumes in derivatives market are much higher, this segment is mostly dominated by the institutional investors who typically have a greater risk appetite.
However, a growth in the market is also attracting other investors and there is also a growing risk of manipulative activities in this segment, prompting the regulator to put in place necessary checks and balances, the official said.
The Integrated Surveillance Department of Sebi is therefore considering putting in place a new mechanism for surveillance of debt instruments and conduct a review of the derivative market alerts.
Besides, this Department has already taken necessary action for ensuring an advisory on the exchange websites for investors in respect of trading in equity derivatives.
As per the latest data, the top five members, as also investors, of a stock exchange command a much higher share of overall turnover in the equity derivative market, as against the same in the cash market.
In the cash market, trading typically takes place in equity shares of a listed company, while the trades are conducted in futures and options contracts of an underlying equity or other security in the derivative market.
As per a Sebi advisory for investors, they should not trade in a derivative product without knowing the risk and rewards and they should be aware of the risk associated with the positions taken in the market and margin calls on them.
The investors should also collect or pay mark-to-market margins on futures position on a daily basis.
A derivative is an instrument whose value is derived from the value of one or more underlying, which can be commodities, precious metals, currency, bonds, stocks or stock market indices, etc. Four most common examples of derivative instruments are Forwards, Futures, Options and Swaps.
Futures are exchange-traded contracts to sell or buy financial instruments or physical commodities for a future delivery at an agreed price. There is an agreement to buy or sell a specified quantity in a designated future month at a price agreed upon by the buyer and seller.
On the other hand, a forward contract is a customised contract between two parties, where settlement takes place on a specific date in future at a price agreed today.
These are bilateral contracts, traded over the counter, and hence exposed to counter-party risk and the contract price is generally not available in public domain.

At least 24 dead in Java landslideLast updated: December 14, 2014 7:20 am
At least 24 dead in Java landslide
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b4edeb4-82af-11e4-9d5f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IEX in talks with Financial Technologies for buying out technology solutionsEarnings growth, policy, rate cut to shape market movement in 2015
Indian Energy Exchange is in talks with its erstwhile promoter Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL), which is in the process of exiting the bourse, for buying out the application software and other solutions used for its trading platform.
Since its inception, the leading power exchange has been using the technology provided by FTIL, which has been asked by the regulator CERC to complete sale of its entire stake by January 4.
Last month, FTIL entered into about Rs 576-crore deal to offload its 25.64 per cent shareholding in the bourse. The stake is to be sold to a clutch of investors, including TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1.
When asked about status of proposed deal, an FTIL spokesperson said, “All the conditions are in the process of being met, including those pertaining to buyout of application software and technology. We expect the stake sale to be completed by January 2015.”
When contacted, IEX declined to comment on the deal.
As per the share purchase agreement with the clutch of investors, the final closing is subject to fulfilment of various conditions including buyout of the application software and other technology for its own use by IEX.
The Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) has given FTIL time till January 4 to comply with its directive to complete the stake sale.
On November 5, FTIL had announced its share purchase agreement with TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1, S Gopalkrishnan, Lakshmi Narayanan, Rajeev Gupta, Dalmia Cement, Bharat Power Ventures, Kiran Vyapar, TVS Capital Funds, and Agri Power and Engineering Solutions for selling stake in IEX.
Following the NSEL (National Spot Exchange Ltd) fiasco, which came to light last year, various regulators had initiated action against FTIL.
Last December, the Forward Markets Commission had ruled that FTIL is not a ‘fit and proper person’ to hold anything more than 2 per cent shareholding in commodity exchange MCX.
In March this year, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) had said FTIL is not “fit and proper” to own stakes in any stock exchange and directed it to divest existing holdings in MCX-SX and four other entities.
As per CERC’s May order, decisions of SEBI and FMC have a direct bearing on the power market.
In that ruling, CERC had mentioned that “regulatory objectives of the power exchanges are similar to that of the commodity and stock exchanges in so far as the investor/consumer protection, market integrity, transparency, fairness and governance are concerned”.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Maharashtra: Gosikhurd project has water but no canals to reachfarmersWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Pauni (bhandara) |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:16 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 1:39 pm
At the end of 30 years with investment of Rs 7,984 crore the Gosikhurd National Irrigation Project remains non-operational in absence of canals thus affecting several lakh farmers across 2.5 lakh hectares of land in three districts of Bhandara, Nagpur and Chandrapur in Vidarbha region of Maharashtra.
As one criss-cross the sprawling river Wainganga swelling with crystal clear water that has submerged more than 35 villages, big question that remains unanswered is who has benefitted from the project?
The leafless trees, temple shikara in some patches are the tell tale sings of villages once which stood in the vicinity. The villagers have shifted but unhappy.
Almost two-third of the 85 villagers who are project affected have expressed unhappiness over the package. And, despite huge expenditure the incomplete canals to carry the water to the end users have not helped the farmers who cultivate paddy, cotton, soyabean and tur dal in the region.
The chief minister Devendra Fadnavis has directed the irrigation ministry to take up the project on priority promising to acquire additional Rs 8,000 crore budget from the centre following cost escalation over the years.
Fadnavis said, “In a time bound programme the hurdles related to rehabilitation of villages complete with basic amenities and alternate sources of employment would be worked out in coming months.”
He also assured, “There is water in the dam. But in absence of adequate channels it cannot be reached to fields thus affecting the irrigation potential in three districts of Bhandara, Chandrapur and Nagpur.”
Fadnavis said, “The government’s priority is to enhance the irrigation potential across state which is mere 18 per cent at the moment.”
Notwithstanding the cost escalation from Rs 380 crore (1984-85) to Rs 16,167 crore (2014), the irrigation potential creates at present is only 20 per cent.
The minister for irrigation Girish Mahajan admits, “Almost 50 per cent of the work including rehabilitation of villages which have been acquired for the project remains incomplete.”
The project which was given the national status in year 2009 is entirely centre sponsored. The state have to just invest ten per cent of the over all cost.
Fadnavis has urged the centre to allocate the remaining Rs 8000 crore to expedite the project work and also rehabilitation of the villages to maximize the operations that would benefit 2.5 lakh hectares of land spread across Bhandara (81,697 hectares); Nagpur (22,997 hectares); Chandrapur (1,43, 106 hectares).
The local workers in the region are fighting for the villagers cause. As Hansa Khobragade (a local worker) said, “The villagers received financial package and shifted to alternative site which are still not-developed.
“Some are also seeking alternative means of employment, to compensate them,” said a senior BJP (MLA) Ramchandra Avasare.
For the year 2014-15, government has set aside Rs 584 crore. Till, September 2014 the amount spent is Rs 191 crore.

India Tour of Australia: Despite loss  brave India make intent clearWritten by Bharat Sundaresan | Adelaide |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:29 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 11:27 am
SAHA six. Saha four. Saha bowled. It was pretty much as straightforward as that.
Mind you, this was the 80th over of the Indian run-chase. Only 65 runs separated the visitors from a historic win. Australia still had to bowl a minimum of 18 overs. At the other end, stood Virat Kohli, unbeaten, untouched, and well on his way to taking his team home. In the pavilion, sat the bowlers, twitching, anxious and with an unenviable task on their hands.
It’s in the midst of this theatre that Wriddhiman Saha had walked out. Rohit Sharma had perished to his second straight soft dismissal to Nathan Lyon. The Australian off-spinner was delivering the spell of his life, one that could well define the rest of his career. The Adelaide Oval pitch was scuffed, and it looked like it had received a serious tan-the kind most visitors have to deal with after their first week Down Under-at both ends. The ball was turning, bouncing, and jumping viciously.
It didn’t seem to bother Saha though. He first jumped out of his crease and launched Lyon over the long-off fence with a clean strike. Next, he got down on one knee and dismissed a full delivery to the backward square-leg fence with an authoritative sweep. Then a dot ball before Saha stepped out of his crease and attempted another swig only for the ball to sneak in between bat and pad.
Saha had fallen. Only the tail remained now. But Kohli’s reaction wasn’t one of distress or that of a captain who felt let down by his final recognized batsman. He simply turned around and winced, like he could feel Saha’s pain. The wicket-keeper after all was just following his captain’s diktat — be positive, be brave and don’t dare take a backward step. He only had failed in the execution. Not the approach.
The dodgy decisions-Shikhar Dhawan was given caught off the shoulder and Ajinkya Rahane caught bat-pad despite the ball having made no contact with the willow-played their part even if the Australians might have labelled them as DRS karma.
Ideally the fall of the fifth wicket on the fifth day of a Test match on Australian soil would have been the cue for India to shut shop. A well fought-out draw was a great result.
Why risk a loss in pursuit of a win? In 2011, India had backed out of chasing down 84 in 15 overs despite having Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman at the crease with Kohli and MS Dhoni still to come. It was coach Duncan Fletcher’s first series in-charge.
But in Adelaide, a draw wasn’t an outcome the new Indian Test captain was interested in.Only once in history had a target over 300 been chased down at this venue, back at the turn of the 20th century.  Kohli wanted continued…

MS Dhoni has passed his use-by-date as a Test captain: Ian ChappellBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 14, 2014 12:51 pm
Former Australia cricket captain Ian Chappell feels India Test skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni has passed his use-by-date and it’s the perfect time to make Virat Kohli a full-time leader for the longest version of the game.
India’s stand-in skipper, Kohli scored centuries in both the innings and led a bold run chase on the final day to put his team within touching distance of winning the first Test before a batting collapse led to a 48-run defeat for the visitors in Adelaide.
“Kohli’s performance over three and a half days must have tempted the selectors into thinking now is the right time to elevate him to full-time Test captaincy. There’s no doubt that MS Dhoni has passed his use-by-date as a Test captain, and this seems the perfect time to enact the changeover,” Chappell wrote in his column for ESPNcricinfo.
“Kohli, India’s stand-in captain but potential full-time leader, countered with an innings marked by plenty of physical courage, producing a glittering array of shots after receiving a fearful blow to the head.
“Kohli’s innings issued a strong challenge to his own team and sent a simple but forceful message to his opponents: we will not be brushed aside as easily as the last time we were in Australia,” he wrote.
However, the 71-year-old, who captained Australia between 1971 and 1975, said Kohli’s inability to keep his emotions in check during an altercation on the fourth day of the match hasraised some concerns.
“The one issue that has always clouded the future of Kohli as a captain raised its ugly head in Adelaide when his emotions got the better of him as a second on-field altercation erupted,” Chappell wrote.
“Whereas in the first outbreak of hostilities Kohli remained calm and acted wisely in soothing some of his agitated team-mates, this time his frustration boiled over. He inflamed a debate that started with Rohit Sharma querying Smith’s method of kicking his offspinners, and then refused to be placated by the umpires’ attempts to get the game back on to an even keel.
“This is a young Indian side, full of potential and the desire to establish its competitive credentials. As a player, Kohli has indicated he’ll be buoyed by the leadership duties, not weighed down by them. However, his petulance on day four raised doubts about his ability to provide the calm, thoughtful presence that could mould the team’s potential into a combative winner.”

India Tour of Australia: Virat Kohli s little master-classWritten by Bharat Sundaresan | Adelaide |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:17 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 11:00 am
If you had seen just Virat Kohli’s face at any point during his legend-building essay on Saturday, it’s unlikely you could have made out that he was actually in the middle of one. If anything, he looked like a kid on his first visit to an amusement park. Enthralled, excited and absolutely relishing every bit of it. There were unexpected twists at every turn, uneasy periods where he had to be on guard and plenty of bumps and tugs along the way. But he rode them all with no fuss. He kept smiling. He kept thriving. And the characteristic twinkle in his eye only kept getting starker and more striking.
Then all of a sudden it was gone. The twinkle and the joy, snatched away in a moment. All that remained was despair. This was one shock he wasn’t prepared for. And as he stood there at the centre of the Adelaide Oval, his head bowed, it looked like his world had collapsed.
That Mitchell Marsh should almost mess up the straightforward opportunity didn’t help his case either. For it gave Kohli some hope. But as he lay sprawled on the floor at the deep midwicket fence, Marsh somehow managed to get his bucket-like hands around the ball, his fingers awkwardly pointing skywards. The entire Australian contingent was around him in a jiffy.
Kohli had hardly failed to middle a ball till that point. He had done so in the most sublime fashion ever. Kohli had anchored run-chases before, plenty of them and with enormous success to boot. But here he was in a new setting.
A wearing-down fifth day wicket, a spinner at the top of his prowess and a potentially history-altering victory in sight. And he had mastered them all. He had looked in a league of his own from the time he walked out to bat. But as he left to a standing ovation from the biggest one-day crowd to have ever gathered at the Adelaide Oval, it was obvious that the end would come soon after.
It was anti-climactic in ways. For, the contest had ceased to be one as soon as Kohli exited the scene.
Till the time he became Lyon’s sixth victim of the evening, he also looked on course to guide India to their target of 364, especially when he had Murali Vijay at the other end.
The two had guided India to within 159 runs, when the teams broke for tea. With 37 overs still left, the duo simply continued…

Champions Trophy Hockey: Green revolution in BhubaneswarWritten by Mihir Vasavda | Bhubaneswar |
Posted: December 14, 2014 3:48 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 12:22 pm
On the eve of the semifinal, Pakistan coach Shahnaz Sheikh had summed up his side perfectly in a few words. “We either destroy others, or we destroy ourselves,” he had said. For a fleeting few moments, the former seemed true. Twice after going ahead, they conceded soft goals to keep India’s hopes of a comeback alive.
However, for a major part of the four quarters, the 7,000-odd inside the stadium will remember how the Green Shirts destroyed the Indian team with an impeccable counter-attacking game.
It was an epic clash, a true India-Pakistan classic that could have swung either way till the very end. However, as close encounters involving India generally go, a defensive lapse with a minute remaining helped Pakistan score the decisive goal and win 4-3 to set-up a final clash with Germany on Sunday. India will now take on world champions Australia in the bronze medal playoff tie.
India had their fate in their own hands. Their future in the tournament depended on whether they would rise to the occasion and continue performing the way they have, or implode under pressure. High performance director Roelant Oltmans, too, had asserted the importance of players keeping calm to ensure they execute their game-plan as desired. But all they could manage was an error-strewn performance, never managing to calm their nerves.
Oltmans admission
Oltmans would admit later that the first question he asked skipper Sardar Singh during the half time break was why the players were so nervous on the pitch. Sardar did not have an answer during the break, nor could he come up with a reasonable justification post match. “We just couldn’t execute our strategy during the first 30 minutes. May be the players got a little too excited,” a visibly shattered Sardar said.
After taking the lead in the 12th minute through a Gurjinder Singh drag-flick, the Indians just froze. They failed to get simple things right; the things that had unexpectedly helped them reach this far in this elite eight-nation tournament. They couldn’t trap the balls cleanly, the long passes faded and the players indulged in unnecessary runs, ditching the passing game that has reaped rich rewards for them.
Most importantly, they failed to address an area they knew would hurt them badly. Pakistan had shown how dangerous they are with their counter-attacks in their quarterfinals against Holland. It was an area that Oltmans had singled out before the match. Yet, the Indians failed to contain them. Shafqat Rasool and Shakeel Butt troubled the Indian defence with their pacey runs.
Arslan Qadir scored the equaliser via one such move five minutes after Gurjinder gave India the lead, deflecting in Butt’s low, hard cross past PR Sreejesh. The visitors took the lead minutes after the second half resumed after the defence failed to continued…

Brad Haddin will do a wonderful job as captain  says Michael ClarkeBy: Press Trust of India | Adelaide |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:02 pm
Injured skipper Michael Clarke has backed Brad Haddin as Australia cricket captain for the remainder of the Test series against India saying he is confident that the wicket-keeper batsman will get all the support from the team to do a “wonderful” job.
Clarke was effusive in his praise for Haddin, who had captained Australia to a 48-run victory after the regular skipper was forced out of the field in the 44th over yesterday owing to a right hamstring injury.
With Clarke ruled out of the remaining of the Test series due to his injury, Haddin is expected to captain the side in Brisbane for the second Test starting Wednesday.
“Hadds did a fantastic job,” Clarke said.
“He has got a lot of other senior players around him which I’m sure would have helped him, they certainly help me when I’m out there.
“And I have got all the faith in the world that things won’t change in the next three Tests matches with Brad in charge, if he is the captain.
“I’m very confident he will do a wonderful job and he has got a lot of support,” Clarke was quoted as saying by Australian media.
Australia snatched victory from the jaws of defeat in the first Test after they snapped eight Indian wickets for just 73 runs and Clarke said Haddin will continue the attacking brand of cricket.
“The one thing I’m most proud of is we didn’t shy away from trying to win the game,” he said.
“We continued to attack, to try to take wickets. And that is the brand of cricket I love seeing Australia play.”
Shaun Marsh will replace Clarke for the second Test beginning on Dec 17.

No proposal on table for merger with HFDC: PuriAditya Puri
(Top private sector lender…)
MUMBAI: Top private sector lender HDFC Bank has said a merger with parent HDFC makes sense in long-run, but there is no proposal on the table and regulatory clarity is required to make such a deal "more beneficial".
A possible merger between HDFC Bank and housing finance giant HDFC Ltd has been talked about for a long period and such a transaction can create the country's second largest financial sector institution after state-run SBI.
Currently, HDFC Bank is the second largest lender in the private sector, although it ranks on the top in terms of market valuation ahead of its competitor ICICI Bank .
"Both in the view of HDFC and HDFC Bank, the merger in the long-run makes sense... But there is no proposal on the table at the moment," HDFC Bank chief Aditya Puri told PTI in an interview here.
"We have been saying the same thing about the merger for the past 20 years," he added.
Puri, who has been Managing Director of HDFC Bank for more than 20 years, said that "there are some regulatory issues which need to be resolved to make the merger more beneficial."
While the talks of a possible merger between HDFC Bank and HDFC Ltd keep surfacing from time to time, the Reserve Bank's move in July this year to allow banks to access long-term funding through bonds for infrastructure funding and affordable housing re-ignited such speculations.
Puri, who has led mergers of Times Bank and Centurion Bank of Punjab with HDFC Bank, acknowledged that infrastructure bond issuance heightens the case for a merger with HDFC Ltd.
"There are some regulatory issues which need to be resolved to make the merger more beneficial. Partly, it has been resolved with the issuance of the circular on infra bonds, but there are a few more issues which we are in discussions with the regulators," he said.
Following a union budget announcement, RBI has put in place a new set of norms for infrastructure loans to allow these advances to be funded through long-term bonds. The banks do not need to set aside reserve requirements on these loans.
After the RBI issued these norms, HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh had said that the boards of HDFC Bank and HDFC have not considered a merger, but they may look into it at an appropriate time "if it is necessary and beneficial to both entities".
HDFC's Vice-Chairman and CEO Keki Mistry has also said previously that a merger was possible 'theoretically' and it could be done at an appropriate time.
The two entities have a combined loan book size of Rs 5 trillion and assets of Rs 8 trillion. In terms of market capitalisation, HDFC group ranks second after Tatas and ahead of Reliance Industries group at close to Rs 4 trillion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Man suspected of operating ISIS twitter account arrestedBengaluru man suspected of operating ISIS twitter account arrested
ET Bureau Dec 14, 2014, 02.43AM IST
Tags:
Arif Majid
("Our high commission in…)
BENGALURU/KOLKATA: A day after the UK media revealed that one of the Twitter handles popular among Islamic State jihadists was being operated out of Bengaluru , police arrested ITC employee Mehdi Masroor Biswas from his one-room apartment in the city in the wee hours of Saturday.
"He knows that it is he," city police commissioner MN Reddi told reporters, saying the 24-year-old was not "hiding" and that he didn't resist arrest when police zeroed in on his home in north Bengaluru's Jalahalli. "He was still working on his computer when the police went in," said Hemant Nimbalkar, joint commissioner (internal security), adding that two mobile phones and a laptop were seized from the accused.
Biswas has been charged with waging war against an Asiatic power friendly with India, conspiracy to commit, advocate, abet, incite and facilitate commission of terrorist acts and sending offensive messages. Reddi said that Biswas was living a double life and spent his nights reading up on events in West Asia.
Using his laptop and a 60 GB per month broadband connection, he translated Arabic tweets from the Eastern Mediterranean region — Turkey, Syria, Lebanon, Israel, Palestine, Egypt, Libya, among others — into English, mainly for the benefit of English-speaking terrorists (Channel 4 got interested in his tweets because of this). He operated alone and was not part of any group. Biswas was not involved in any terror activity inside India, Reddi said, pointing out "he has never travelled abroad, never recruited anybody nor did he facilitate" recruitment to ISIS. Reddi's revelations seemed like a far cry from the official release in which Mehdi is termed "ISIS Twitter Ideologue".
Mehdi, a resident of Gopalpur in West Bengal's 24 Paraganas district, was hired by ITC Foods through a campus interview in 2012 (with a salary of `5.3 lakh a year). Biswas' employer ITC, in an email statement, said it is cooperating with the security agencies. "He was selected from a campus recruitment and has worked in a junior trainee capacity for about two years. In such cases, where a candidate does not have prior work experience, the company does a reference check with the educational institution."
In Kolkata, his father Mekhail Biswas said his son was innocent and that his Twitter account had been hacked by someone else. The former employee of West Bengal State Electricity Board told ET that he doesn't subscribe to ISIS ideology and that he was leaving for Bengaluru. "My son is busy with his office duty from 8.45 in the morning till night. He is busy with his work and we are really shocked to know about his arrest," Mekhail said.
ADG (Internal Security) Pawan Kumar Garg said there was no intelligence regarding Mehdi prior to Friday's news report, acknowledging that the police would not have known of Mehdi but for the Channel 4 report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hot Money  from FIIs hits Rs 10-lakh crore markFDIs
(Putting Indian markets…)
NEW DELHI: Putting Indian markets on fire, the foreign investors have pumped in over Rs one-lakh crore of so-called 'hot money' into stocks during 2014 - taking their cumulative net investments here beyond Rs 10 lakh crore.
As an eventful year draws to a close, the Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) have made a net investment of nearly Rs 1.05 lakh crore so far in 2014 and a further Rs 1.6 lakh crore into debt markets - resulting into a total of over Rs 2.6 lakh crore ($43.4 billion).
This has taken their cumulative net investments into the Indian equity markets, since being allowed over two decades ago in November 1992, at close to Rs 8 lakh crore.
The cumulative figure for debt securities has also grown to Rs 2.6 lakh crore - taking the total for overall Indian markets to Rs 10.54 lakh crore (over $214 billion).
These investors, which also got re-christened as FPIs, or Foreign Portfolio Investors, in 2014 under a new regulatory regime that promises to make it easier for them to invest in India, have emerged as a key driver in the ongoing record rally in the markets here and are likely to remain so.
This huge investment flow, which belies its commonly used nomenclature of 'hot money' as such funds can be withdrawn anytime, has come at a time when foreign companies have been mostly reluctant on their FDIs (Foreign Direct Investments) that carry a common perception of being longer-term in nature.
The experts say that the final tally for 2014, as over two weeks of trading is still left this year, could be much better and there is also a chance of annual FII inflows hitting a new record high level.
The FIIs had made a net infusion of Rs 1.13 lakh crore into equity markets during 2013, while a record high amount of Rs 1.33 lakh crore was pumped in the year 2010.
This would be the fourth time in history that net FII inflows for a year would cross Rs 1 lakh crore mark and analysts are optimistic about the next year as well.
As per the market data, these investors have made gross purchases of close to Rs 10 lakh crore in the stock market and of about Rs 4 lakh crore in the debt market this year. On the other hand, their gross sales stood below Rs 9 lakh crore in equity and at little over Rs two lakh crore in debt market.
On a cumulative basis, these overseas investors have made gross purchases of shares worth over Rs 88 lakh crore and sales of close to Rs 78 lakh crore so far in Indian markets.
The experts believe that the inflows will remain equally strong or even better in next year, after recording their third consecutive year of net inflows during 2014. The foreign investors had pulled out a net amount of Rs 2,714 crore (USD 358 million) from the stock market in 2011.
"I am quite sure that the foreign flows would remain equally strong in the next calendar year as well. Actually, if the economic fundamentals show some strong signs of recovery, the foreign flows would only become stronger," Ladderup Wealth Management's Managing Director Raghvendra Nath said.
Echoing similar views, LIC Nomura Mutual Fund's Senior Fund Manager (Debt) Killol Pandya said: "As of now, we appear to be set for an economic revival after a prolonged period of economic woes - stemming mainly from inflation and low growth."
"... we appear to be recovering in terms of economic growth and our interest rate cycle too seems to have peaked. In this scenario, it is expected that our equity and bond markets ought to perform well in the coming few quarters. 2015 should be a better year for FPIs vis a vis the previous few years," he added.
While inflows into bonds have been significantly higher than the equities in 2014, the overseas investors had kept away from the debt market in 2013 and had pulled out a net sum of around Rs 51,000 crore ($ 8 billion) in that segment due to weakness in the Indian currency.
  Interestingly, most of the inflows this year into Indian debt market has gone into government securities.
According to market analysts, overseas investors remained bullish on the Indian equities and debt markets throughout 2014, barring a few months. The sentiments had been bullish even during the first half of the year, mainly on hopes that a strong reform-oriented government will come to power at the Centre.
These positive sentiments continued after a new government took over in May and got a further boost from the reform measures announced subsequently.
While FPIs had begun the year on a positive note too, the momentum picked up in May and pumped in over Rs 41,000 crore in just three months till July. However, the pace of investments into equities somewhat turned slower in August and September. For some time, the overseas investors also turned net sellers of equities.
FPIs, once again flocked towards Indian stocks and bought bagful of stocks in November on positive global cues coupled with hopes from the government's reforms agenda. Since then, the inflows have remained strong.
"After the change in government at the Centre in May, there has been a significant change in sentiment and outlook towards India. Most foreign investors are finding India to be a far better choice that can generate returns in both short and long term," Nath said.
Amongs various emerging market economies, India is being viewed as the strongest candidate for portfolio investments, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Acche Din  for Jobs; Companies Plan to Hire More  Pay More in 2015Oxford Overtakes Cambridge as UK's Best Research University
New Delhi: In preparation for 'achche din' promised by the new government, India Inc has big plans for 2015 when it comes to hiring people and doling out pay hikes.
On the platter for the job market, the companies are promising an estimated 3-5 lakh new jobs, an increase of 15-20 per cent in headcount and average pay hike of 10-12 per cent that can go up to 30 per cent for certain roles and sectors.
These ambitious plans, which experts mostly attribute to an upsurge in business sentiments since the new government took over around middle of the year, would make 2015 a much better year for the job market than 2014.
According to various human resource firms and job consultancy organisations, Indian companies recorded an average hiring growth of 10-12 per cent in 2014, while salary hikes stood at about 8-10 per cent.
With the economy showing signs of an upturn and the positivity continuing in the business sentiment, the experts believe that the hiring activities should get only better and the companies would dole out double-digit salary hike to attract the right talent.
The job market may get a further boost if foreign firms come to set shop here after certain sectors are opened up for further overseas investments, as promised by the government.
According to the global human resource solution provider, Aon Hewitt, the average salary increase for 2014 as projected by over 500 organisations in India stood at 10 per cent, with a range of 8.8 per cent to 12 per cent across industries.
Global major HayGroup says that the companies in India are likely to dole out an average pay hike of 10.5 per cent in 2015 -- much better than many other countries in Asia.
Another major global consultancy Mercer said that the Indian companies are likely to keep their average salary hike at 11 per cent in 2015, up from 10.6 per cent in 2014.
While hiring growth is expected to be robust across the sectors, IT, healthcare and pharma, manufacturing and engineering and retail could be the primary drivers of hiring followed by telecom, FMCG and financial services, staffing firm TeamLease Services' senior VP Kunal Sen said.
In order to attract and retain key talent, apart from the general compensation increases, organisations would invest in wellness programs, retirement models, financial wellness, cohesive workforce and partnering with colleges to create specific talent pool. Attrition and growth may remain stable.
According to the Employment Outlook Survey by workforce solutions major ManpowerGroup, Indian employers are expecting a brisk hiring pace for the January-March period and India has also emerged one of the most optimistic nations in the world in terms of hiring plans for the next three months.
Campus placements are already in full-swing and hiring plans of many companies, whose expansion plans were stuck due to policy paralysis, are now getting green signals.
Sectors like infrastructure, power, energy, manufacturing, IT, ITES, retail, e-commerce, banking and non-profit sector would also see high demand.
A stable government at the Centre is likely to be a major trigger for robust growth in the job market in 2015 as there is likely to be faster passage of policies and legislations.
In addition, the emphasis of the government on the manufacturing sector is expected to create 100 million jobs in the next ten years in the manufacturing, mining and infrastructure sector.
Moreover, initiatives like 'Make in India' would entail significant job creation in the manufacturing, automation sectors in the coming year. While, the plan to create 100 smart cities is expected to fuel job growth further.
According to Indian Staffing Federation, an apex body of staffing industry in India, the job growth is likely to touch 12 per cent fuelled by a growing market demand, while salaries can grow by 12-15 per cent in 2015.
Some sectors can see salary escalations in excess of even 30 per cent, ISF President Rituparna Chakraborty said.
The HR experts also said that the New Year is expected to be a candidate-driven job market, when companies are likely to go out of their way to lute the perfect candidate.
"Organisations that will emphasise on non-monetised employee benefit programs with a focus to increase employee value proposition will have competitive edge to get key talent. In addition, hiring and retaining critical talent remains a challenge with companies trying to enhance pay for performance programs," said Sambhav Rakyan, data services practice leader, Asia Pacific at global professional services company Towers Watson.
Going by various employment indices, the Indian job market has shown an improvement on a month-on-month basis since the start of 2014 and this momentum is expected to continue in the coming year as well.
As per leading job portal Naukri.com, there has been a significant rise in hiring activity since the beginning 2014, while the momentum picked up significantly after May.
While the full-year figures are still awaited, the Naukri Job Speak Index for the month of November 2014 showed a 13 per cent hiring growth on a year-on-year basis.
Summing up the year in terms of hiring, executive search portal Headhonchos.com Founder Shiv Agrawal said, "2014 has been a turnaround year as hiring has moved up by a sharp 10 per cent and is likely to grow meaningfully in 2015."
HR experts believe that the confidence that the current government has infused through its proactive approach to business has brought in a huge positivity.
"The job scenario in the coming year 2015 seems extremely affirmative," global executive recruitment firm Antal International India's MD Joseph Devasia said.
"The job market will witness an explosive growth with at least 15-20 per cent increase in headcount across sectors except for auto and pharma sector, which may see lesser growth," Mr Devasia added.
Executive search firm GlobalHunt's MD Sunil Goel said that the year 2014 was much better year compared to 2013 in terms of hirings.
Story first published on: December 14, 2014 13:13 (IST)

New Delhi-bound Poorva Express derails near Howrah  no injurymore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Passenger Fares Likely To Rise In Next Rail BudgetPassenger Fares Likely To Rise In Next Rail Budget
Government identifies SJVN  MOIL for disinvestment in 2014-15Pakistani boat carrying explosives caught by Indian Coast Guard off Gujarat; 4 men refuse to surrender, 'blow themselves up'
The government has identified Satluj Jal Vidyut Nigam (SJVN) and manganese-ore miner MOIL as possible candidates for 10 per cent disinvestment in the current fiscal which could together fetch over Rs 1,200 crore to the exchequer.
“The disinvestment department has included 10 per cent stake sale each in SJVNL and MOIL for disinvestment in current fiscal,” a government official told PTI.
A sale of 10 per cent stake or 37.22 crore shares of SJVN could fetch over Rs 890 crore. Besides, 10 per cent stake or 1.34 crore shares of MOIL could garner around Rs 400 crore at the current market price.
The government currently holds 89.97 per cent in SJVN and 80 per cent stake in MOIL.
SJVN and MOIL are among the 10 companies which have been cleared for disinvestment in the current fiscal.
Earlier this month, the government sold 5 per cent stake in steel major SAIL, which saw huge investor response with bids soaring two times the number of shares put on block. The sale raked in Rs 1,700 crore to the exchequer.
The government is racing against time to meet its disinvestment target of Rs 43,425 crore for this fiscal. It has lined up bluechip companies like ONGC and Coal India.
Also, NHPC, Power Finance Corp, Rural Electrification Corp and Container Corp are on the block.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

IS Twitter account handler remanded to 5 days police custodyIS Twitter account handler remanded to 5 days police custody
Press Trust of India | Bengaluru Dec 14, 2014 01:21 PM IST
The alleged handler of the most influential pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account Mehdi Masroor Biswas has been remanded to five-day police custody.
"Bengaluru CCB Police has got five days police remand of Mehdi Masroor Biswas. He was presented before the Magistrate last night," DCP Crime Abhishek Goyal said.
Police had yesterday said that 24-year-old Biswas has "confessed" that he was handling the pro-jihad tweeter "@ShamiWitness" that became a source of incitement and information for new ISIS recruits.
He has been arrested under Sec 125 of IPC (whoever wages war against the Government of any Asiatic power in alliance or at peace with the Government of India or attempts to wage such war, or abets the waging of such war), Sections 18 and 39 of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and Section 66 of the Information Technology act, they had said.
Meanwhile, Goyal has received a threat message in reply to his tweet about the arrest of Biswas.
"@goyal_abhei we will not leave our brothers in your hand Revenge is coming wait for our reaction," reads a reply from twitter handle @abouanfal6.
Responding to the threat, Goyal said he is not taking it much seriously.
"Personally I'm not taking the threat much seriously.... taking it in stride and not much alarmed," he said.
On the basis of "credible" intelligence inputs received on the presence of ISIS Twitter Ideologue @ShamiWitness in Bengaluru, the city police chief had formed a special team, which closed in on Biswas and arrested him from a rented one room apartment yesterday.
Bengaluru Police had launched a manhunt for Mehdi after Britain's Channel 4 News had aired the report regarding the country's IT capital's link with the Twitter account that is followed by foreign jihadis.

Achche Din for jobs: companies plan to hire more  pay more in 2015Achche Din for jobs: companies plan to hire more, pay more in 2015
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 15, 2014 12:43 AM IST
In preparation for achche din promised by the new government, India Inc has big plans for 2015 when it comes to hiring people and doling out pay hikes. On the platter for the job market, the companies are promising an estimated 300,000-500,000 new jobs, an increase of 15-20 per cent in headcount and average pay hike of 10-12 per cent that can go up to 30 per cent for certain roles and sectors.
These ambitious plans, which experts mostly attribute to an upsurge in business sentiments since the new government took over around middle of the year, would make 2015 a much better year for the job market than 2014.  According to various human resource firms and job consultancy organisations, Indian companies recorded an average hiring growth of 10-12 per cent in 2014, while salary hikes stood at about 8-10 per cent.
With the economy showing signs of an upturn and the positivity continuing in the business sentiment, the experts believe that the hiring activities should get only better and the companies would dole out double-digit salary hike to attract the right talent.
The job market may get a further boost if foreign firms come to set shop here after certain sectors are opened up for further overseas investments, as promised by the government.
According to the global human resource solution provider, Aon Hewitt, the average salary increase for 2014 as projected by over 500 organisations in India stood at 10%, with a range of 8.8% to 12% across industries.
Global major HayGroup says that the companies in India are likely to dole out an average pay hike of 10.5% in 2015 -- much better than many other countries in Asia.
Another major global consultancy Mercer said that the Indian companies are likely to keep their average salary hike at 11% in 2015, up from 10.6% in 2014.
While hiring growth is expected to be robust across the sectors, IT, healthcare and pharma, manufacturing and engineering and retail could be the primary drivers of hiring followed by telecom, FMCG and financial services, staffing firm TeamLease Services' Senior VP Kunal Sen said.
In order to attract and retain key talent, apart from the general compensation increases, organisations would invest in wellness programs, retirement models, financial wellness, cohesive workforce and partnering with colleges to create specific talent pool. Attrition and growth may remain stable.
According to the Employment Outlook Survey by workforce solutions major ManpowerGroup, Indian employers are expecting a brisk hiring pace for the January-March period and India has also emerged one of the most optimistic nations in the world in terms of hiring plans for the next three months.
Campus placements are already in full-swing and hiring plans of many companies, whose expansion plans were stuck due to policy paralysis, are now getting green signals.
Sectors like infrastructure, power, energy, manufacturing, IT, ITES, retail, e-commerce, banking and non-profit sector would also see high demand.

I think Michael Clarke will be back  says DarrenLehmannBy: Press Trust of India | Adelaide |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:45 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:01 pm
An injury-ravaged Michael Clarke may have raised doubts about his future by stating that he may never play again, but Australian cricket coach Darren Lehmann is confident that the inspirational skipper will be back sooner or later.
“I think he will be back. You have your fingers crossed, we will wait and see,” Lehmann told reporters before heading for Brisbane for the second Test against India starting December 17.
Clarke had created quite a flutter on Saturday by saying that his cricketing future has been thrown into jeopardy due to nagging back and hamstring injuries because of which he had limp off the field on the final day of the opening Test against India.
The hosts won the match by 48 runs but were left to stress over their influential skipper’s fitness.
The 33-year-old is already out of the ongoing Test series against the Indians and Lehmann refused to discuss on the possibility of his return for the Cricket World Cup scheduled in February-March here and in New Zealand.
“He (Clarke) knows he needs to be fully fit for one-day cricket. He was magnificent in this (first) Test and he’s been magnificent the last few weeks. But he needs to get it (his fitness) right. We know that, he knows that. One-day cricket is an explosive game and we need guys fully fit all the time,” Lehmann said.
Shaun Marsh has been added to the team as Clarke’s replacement along with pacer Mitchell Starc. Asked if the bowling line-up could be tinkered with to rest the attack which played in Adelaide, Lehmann was non-committal.
“We’ll have to see how they all pull up. If they are 100 per cent (fit) they play. A couple of them are a little bit sore but in the next day or two we’ll know. It’s a quick turnaround,” Lehmann said.
“(Peter Siddle was) a little bit unwell in the first innings, (and did not bowl a lot in India’s) second innings, but that’s the nature of the game sometimes,” Lehmann said.
Vice-captain Brad Haddin is the favourite to take over captaincy in place of Clarke in the remaining matches of the series.

First look of Jon Favreaus The Jungle BookrevealedBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:39 pm
The logo and first piece of concept art from Jon Favreau’s upcoming Jungle Book adaptation have been released online.
The live action Disney movie, scripted by Justin Marks, is currently in production and scheduled for an October 9, 2015 release, reported E! online.
Ben Kingsley is to provide the voice of panther Bagheera, Lupita Nyongo will play Raksha the wolf and Christopher Walken will voice orangutang King Louie.
Idris Elba has signed up to play tiger Shere Khan, Scarlett Johansson is confirmed to star as Kaa the python and Bill Murray will play the bear Baloo.
Newcomer Neel Sethi will star as Mowgli and animal roles will be created using a combination of live footage and computer effects.
A second retelling of the Rudyard Kipling story is also being produced by Warner Bros.
The studio recently decided to push back the release of ‘Jungle Book: Origins’ – starring Christian Bale, Cate Blanchett, Naomie Harris and Benedict Cumberbatch – by a year.
The project, directed by Andy Serkis, will now hit screens on October 6, 2017.

Islamic State Twitter account handler remanded to 5 days policecustodyBy: Press Trust of India | Bengaluru |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:31 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 1:43 pm
The alleged handler of the most influential pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account Mehdi Masroor Biswas has been remanded to five-day police custody.
“Bengaluru CCB Police has got five days police remand of Mehdi Masroor Biswas. He was presented before the Magistrate last night,” DCP Crime Abhishek Goyal said.
Police had on Saturday said that 24-year-old Biswas has “confessed” that he was handling the pro-jihad tweeter “@ShamiWitness” that became a source of incitement and information for new ISIS recruits.
He has been arrested under Sec 125 of IPC (whoever wages war against the Government of any Asiatic power in alliance or at peace with the Government of India or attempts to wage such war, or abets the waging of such war), Sections 18 and 39 of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and Section 66 of the Information Technology act, they had said.
Meanwhile, Goyal has received a threat message in reply to his tweet about the arrest of Biswas. “@goyal_abhei we will not leave our brothers in your hand Revenge is coming wait for our reaction,” reads a reply from twitter handle @abouanfal6.
Responding to the threat, Goyal said he is not taking it much seriously. “Personally I’m not taking the threat much seriously….taking it in stride and not much alarmed,” he said.
On the basis of “credible” intelligence inputs received on the presence of ISIS Twitter Ideologue @ShamiWitness in Bengaluru, the city police chief had formed a special team, which closed in on Biswas and arrested him from a rented one room apartment on Saturday.
Bengaluru Police had launched a manhunt for Mehdi after Britain’s Channel 4 News had aired the report regarding the country’s IT capital’s link with the Twitter account that is followed by foreign jihadis.

Delhi Police asks FM radio stations to stop playing Aam Aadmi PartyjingleBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:18 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 1:33 pm
Delhi Police have asked FM radio channels in the national capital to stop playing an Aam Aadmi Party jingle which according to them is defaming the force.
In the advertisement, a girl is heard saying that some men passed lewd comments at her while she was on her way back home.
She further claims that policemen were reluctant to file her complaint when she went to the police station and rather asked her to provide evidence of the incident.
Frustrated with the volley of questions, the girl leaves the police station without registering a complaint and is then heard asking people to vote for AAP to ensure women security in Delhi.
“We have asked the radio stations to stop this jingle and will ask AAP to provide us details of the girl whether she is a real victim or an imaginary character.
“If it is a true incident, we would probe it and take strict action against the guilty policemen but if it’s imaginary, it is defaming the police,” said a senior police official.
Police has also directed the radio stations to take clearance before playing any such jingles in future.

HSBC sees rupee to be best Asian unit next yearYou are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
HSBC sees rupee to be best Asian unit next year
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 09.32PM IST
Tags:
Asia
(Pegging the rupee at 62.5…)
MUMBAI: Currency volatility will continue to plague Asian units as both global and local factors will exert pressure in 2015, but the rupee will be comparatively better off in the region, says HSBC .
Pegging the rupee at 62.5 to 63 to the US dollar next year, the leading brokerage said the domestic unit should only drift higher on the back of the fast weakening current account strains.
"Lower oil prices should mean a persistent improvement in the current account and inflation. The RBI is committed to lowering inflation expectations and now has the ability to curb excessive rupee weakness," HSBC's head of Asian forex research Paul Mackel said in the report.
"These factors could mean the rupee will be one of the more resilient currencies in Asia , although the RBI is wary of spot appreciation, given that its own REER measurement is showing signs of over-valuation and we see the rupee at 62.5 to 63 to the dollar in 2015," he said.
It has picked the rupee as the safest bet in the new year amid soft growth and rising disinflationary pressures. It expects the rupee to be more resilient, as better terms of trade help bolster external balances via soft export volumes and commodity prices; and domestic growth can be supported by structural reforms and the ability to add leverage.
"This combination of global and local factors favours the rupee the most followed by the Indonesian rupiah and the Philippines peso...," the report said.
"In our view, the RBI's forex policy is still tilted towards exchange rate stability, particularly since it wants to move onto an inflation-targeting regime," Mackel said.
The rupee had fallen to the lowest level of Rs 68.80 against the USD last year, but has recovered since then and among the more stable currencies.
He sees 2015 to be a tough year for most Asian currencies as a number of global and domestic factors will likely lead to meagre returns. He also sees every Asian currency weakening against the dollar as the US Fed's expected tightening cycle and further easing by the Bank of Japan and the ECB should create greater regional forex volatility.
"As fears of a currency war are likely to intensify we expect a number of Asian currencies to suffer due to their tight relationships with the yen and/or the euro," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top seven companies lost over Rs 1 lakh crore in a weekTop seven companies lost over Rs 1 lakh crore market value in a week
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 09.31PM IST
Tags:
ONGC
(The combined wealth erosion…)
NEW DELHI: The combined market valuation of top seven Sensex companies tanked by a whopping Rs 1 lakh crore in the past week, with TCS, ONGC and RIL taking the steepest hit.
The combined wealth erosion of these top seven Sensex firms, which also include SBI, HDFC Bank, Infosys and ICICI Bank, was Rs 1,02,431.31 crore. The total market value of all these seven firms stood at Rs 20.38 lakh crore in the week before.
The Sensex concluded the week at 27,350.68, disclosing a sharp fall of 1,107.42 points of 3.89 per cent -- the worst weekly drop since December 2011.
The market capitalisation (m-cap) of ONGC plunged Rs 24,725.37 crore to Rs 2,88,277.24 crore, taking the biggest hit among top-10 firms.
TCS's valuation dropped Rs 24,043.39 crore to Rs 4,81,004.83 crore. RIL's market value plunged Rs 23,988.04 crore to Rs 2,85,834.50 crore.
The m-cap of Infosys tumbled Rs 14,993.31 crore to Rs 2,22,706.01 crore, ICICI Bank fell Rs 7,439.74 crore to Rs 2,00,670.19 crore, SBI dropped Rs 4,740.74 crore to Rs 2,32,408.20 crore and HDFC Bank dipped Rs 2,500.72 crore to Rs 2,25,270.38 crore.
On the other hand, CIL added Rs 5,621.56 crore to Rs 2,30,768.37 crore, Sun Pharma's m-cap rose by Rs 4,282.96 crore to Rs 1,74,386.96 crore and that of ITC gained Rs 3,354.44 crore to Rs 3,15,996.74 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS retained its numero-uno position, followed by ITC, ONGC, RIL, SBI, CIL, HDFC Bank, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fourth phase: Voting picks up in J-K; brisk polling in JharkhandComments
Braving the cold, Kashmiris came out to vote in large numbers in the fourth phase of assembly elections on Sunday even as the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) was embarrassed by its candidate Hina Bhat, who allegedly slapped a poll official.
Turnout in the 18 constituencies spread over three districts in the state stood at 49%, lower than the first three phases, but marginally higher than the last polls in 2008.
Chief minister Omar Abdullah’s Sonawar constituency with 44% turnout led among the eight Srinagar seats, where 28% polling was recorded, up seven percentage points from 2008. Poll boycotts announced by separatists generally hold sway in these seats.
While some areas such as Gojwara and Rajouri Kadal saw a poll boycott – Rajouri booths didn’t see a single vote cast – Amira Kadal, Batamaloo and Habba Kadal saw big jumps in turnout.
Amira Kadal also saw BJP’s Hina Bhat – fighting Abdullah’s aide Nasir Aslam Wani — slapping a polling official following a heated argument, said eyewitnesses. The action was condemned both by National Conference workers and Abdullah, who tweeted,
“The BJP candidate in Srinagar who earlier threatened to pick up a gun over Art 370 now slaps a polling officer. Well done.”
Outside Srinagar, many areas in south Kashmir clocked close to 60% turnout with the twin constituencies of Vijaypur and Samba in Jammu region leading with 81% and 77% votes cast.
Terror-hit Shopian recorded 52% turnout while Anantnag, where People’s Democratic Party chief Mufti Mohammad Sayeed is fighting, saw 38% votes polled. Shopian BJP candidate Javed Ahmad Qadri was also accused of beating up a voter inside a booth.
Brisk polling in Jharkhand
Notwithstanding inclement weather, fourth phase of polls in Jharkhand was peaceful and registered 61.08% turnout on Sunday.
Voters of 15 constituencies in four districts made a beeline for polling stations since morning to elect their representatives. In Giridih’s Pirtand people defied Maoists’ poll boycott call and came out in large numbers. However, no untoward incident was reported from any constituency. 
After this phase, elections are now over in 65 of the 81 assembly seats in Jharkhand.
Some of the constituencies witnessed drizzle that brought down the maximum temperature by five degrees Celsius below the normal.
The cold claimed one victim. A police constable (Chowkidar) of Bagodar police station Bhakur Kohl reportedly died on the premises of Dumri police station due to cold.
Overall voters’ turnout was about 7% higher than the last 2009 assembly polls in the 15 constituencies that went to polls in this phase, said officials.
“In 2009, the overall turnout was merely 54.64% in these 15 constituencies. Overall poll percentage may increase by one or 2% when final figure will arrive,” chief electoral officer (CEO) Jharkhand PK Jajoria said.
Voter turnouts in the first, second and third phase of the assembly election were 63.35%, 68.01% and 63.96%, respectively.
Both Jharkhand and J-K will hold the fifth and last stage of polling on December 20.

Sony Pictures not shutting down films productionSony Pictures not shutting down films production
PTI
Tweet
Los Angeles, Dec 14:  
Sony Pictures will continue the production of all its films, despite the reports of a shutdown following the major hack that has shaken the studio.
The James Bond film ‘Spectre’ is being shot in the UK, while the untitled Peter Landesman—directed film about football concussions that stars Will Smith is shooting in Pittsburgh, reported Deadline.
YA novel adaptation ‘The Fifth Wave’, about an alien invasion, is being filmed in Atlanta.
Protecting these productions was made top priority the moment hackers breached the studio on November 24, insiders said.
Computer hacking of Sony Pictures Entertainment saw several unreleased films of the studio leaking online and forced it to shut down its email service.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

HSBC: Rupee to be best Asian currency next yearHSBC: Rupee to be best Asian currency next year
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 14:  
Currency volatility will continue to plague Asian units as both global and local factors will exert pressure in 2015, but the rupee will be comparatively better off in the region, says HSBC.
Pegging the rupee at 62.5 to 63 to the US dollar next year, the leading brokerage said the domestic unit should only drift higher on the back of the fast weakening current account strains.
“Lower oil prices should mean a persistent improvement in the current account and inflation. The RBI is committed to lowering inflation expectations and now has the ability to curb excessive rupee weakness,” HSBC’s head of Asian forex research Paul Mackel said in the report.
“These factors could mean the rupee will be one of the more resilient currencies in Asia, although the RBI is wary of spot appreciation, given that its own REER measurement is showing signs of over—valuation and we see the rupee at 62.5 to 63 to the dollar in 2015,” he said.
It has picked the rupee as the safest bet in the new year amid soft growth and rising disinflationary pressures. It expects the rupee to be more resilient, as better terms of trade help bolster external balances via soft export volumes and commodity prices; and domestic growth can be supported by structural reforms and the ability to add leverage.
“This combination of global and local factors favours the rupee the most followed by the Indonesian rupiah and the Philippines peso...,” the report said.
“In our view, the RBI’s forex policy is still tilted towards exchange rate stability, particularly since it wants to move onto an inflation—targeting regime,” Mackel said.
The rupee had fallen to the lowest level of Rs 68.80 against the USD last year, but has recovered since then and among the more stable currencies.
He sees 2015 to be a tough year for most Asian currencies as a number of global and domestic factors will likely lead to meagre returns. He also sees every Asian currency weakening against the dollar as the US Fed’s expected tightening cycle and further easing by the Bank of Japan and the ECB should create greater regional forex volatility.
“As fears of a currency war are likely to intensify we expect a number of Asian currencies to suffer due to their tight relationships with the yen and/or the euro,” the report said.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

Gadkari moots Rs 1 lakh cr underground ring road for MumbaiGadkari moots Rs 1 lakh cr underground ring road for Mumbai
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 14:  
The Centre is planning to construct a tunnel ring road in the city that can be linked to the proposed Ahmedabad-Mumbai highway.
The cost of the tunnel ring road project, as per initial estimates, is around Rs 90,000 crore.
“To improve connectivity and at the same time ensure that the scenic beauty of the city is not disturbed while creating bridges and roads, we are considering building a tunnel road that would go up to the proposed Ahmedabad—Mumbai highway,” Union Road and Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari said here over the weekend.
He said the highway project, which has been on the back burner as there is a new proposal for a Surat-Mumbai elevated road, will be revived.
“We have carried out the feasibility study and also decided the alignment of the Surat-Mumbai highway. But it is still not finalised whether we will go ahead with the project or not. In meanwhile, we are also thinking about creating a tunnel ring road that will go up to the pending proposal of Ahmedabad—Mumbai highway,” he said.
Gadkari said the idea of the tunnel road came to him when he visited Holland. “I saw the tunnel connecting Notre Dame to Belgium and this gave me the idea of constructing a tunnel road in the city,” the minister said.
One section of the proposed tunnel road would start from the Mahim Creek in the central part of the city and connect the Bandra—Worli Sealink on the western fringe and connect also connect Nariman Point in the south.
Another section will begin from Sewre on the eastern periphery of the island city and extend undersea to connect the JNPT at Nhava Seva across the bay and will also connect the Mumbai Port on the eastern cost. The road will enjoin the proposed Mumbai—Ahmedabad highway from Bhayandhar on the northwestern periphery of the city, he said.
Gadkari further said initial estimate on the cost of construction is around Rs 90,000 crore and said fund is not an issue. But he was quick to add that bringing down the cost is a priority and accordingly the government will be appointing a consultant for this.
“We are studying ways to ensure the cost comes down to at least Rs 60,000 crore,” he added.
He also assured that necessary assistance from the government side would be provided to make the project financially viable.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

Scouting for acquisitions in India: LupinHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Scouting for acquisitions in India: Lupin
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 14:  
Homegrown drug major Lupin is looking to acquire companies and launch new products in the domestic market as it aims to scale up its Indian operations.
The Mumbai-based firm, which is the fifth largest generic player in the US market, has so far stayed away from inorganic growth in India where it clocked revenues of Rs 2,479 crore in the previous fiscal.
The company is looking at ramping up its India business, with new product launches aided by strategic in-licensing alliances, Lupin Group President Shakti Chakraborty told PTI.
He added: “The company is also looking at acquisitions within the market which Lupin hasn’t done so far in India.”
Growth in various therapeutic segments including dermatology and oncology could be fuelled in the domestic market by acquisitions and alliances, he said.
“While Lupin is strengthening its leadership credentials in cardiovascular, diabetes, respiratory segments the growth in niche segments like dermatology, ophthalmology and oncology could be fuelled by such arrangements be it in—licensing, alliances or outright acquisitions,” Chakraborty said.
He, however, did not share further details.
Commenting on the revenue growth of Indian business, he said the company is eyeing over 20 per cent growth in the current fiscal.
“Lupin’s India business has already clocked in revenues of over Rs 1,550 crore for the first 6 months H1, FY 2015 which is a growth of close to over 24—25 per cent as compared to last fiscal,” Chakraborty said.
At this rate domestic formulations revenues should cross 3,000 crore in sales this fiscal as compared to Rs 2,479 crore for FY 2013—14, he added.
Lupin’s Indian business sales accounted for 25 per cent of the company’s global revenues during second quarter of the current fiscal.
Net sales of Lupin in second quarter of the current fiscal rose to Rs 2,631.5 crore, up 17.51 per cent, from Rs 2,239.3 crore in the year— ago period.
Besides, the US and India, Lupin has strong presence in various global markets including Japan and South Africa.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

It is time Kohli handed full-time Test captaincyStunned Chelsea FC hands co-leaders spot to Manchester City
Former Australia cricket captain Ian Chappell feels India Test skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni has passed his use-by-date and it’s the perfect time to make Virat Kohli a full-time leader for the longest version of the game.
India’s stand-in skipper, Kohli scored centuries in both the innings and led a bold run chase on the final day to put his team within touching distance of winning the first Test before a batting collapse led to a 48-run defeat for the visitors in Adelaide.
“Kohli’s performance over three and a half days must have tempted the selectors into thinking now is the right time to elevate him to full-time Test captaincy. There’s no doubt that MS Dhoni has passed his use-by-date as a Test captain, and this seems the perfect time to enact the changeover,” Chappell wrote in his column for ESPNcricinfo.
“Kohli, India’s stand-in captain but potential full-time leader, countered with an innings marked by plenty of physical courage, producing a glittering array of shots after receiving a fearful blow to the head.
“Kohli’s innings issued a strong challenge to his own team and sent a simple but forceful message to his opponents: we will not be brushed aside as easily as the last time we were in Australia,” he wrote.
However, the 71-year-old, who captained Australia between 1971 and 1975, said Kohli’s inability to keep his emotions in check during an altercation on the fourth day of the match has raised some concerns.
“The one issue that has always clouded the future of Kohli as a captain raised its ugly head in Adelaide when his emotions got the better of him as a second on-field altercation erupted,” Chappell wrote.
“Whereas in the first outbreak of hostilities Kohli remained calm and acted wisely in soothing some of his agitated team-mates, this time his frustration boiled over. He inflamed a debate that started with Rohit Sharma querying Smith’s method of kicking his offspinners, and then refused to be placated by the umpires’ attempts to get the game back on to an even keel.
“This is a young Indian side, full of potential and the desire to establish its competitive credentials. As a player, Kohli has indicated he’ll be buoyed by the leadership duties, not weighed down by them. However, his petulance on day four raised doubts about his ability to provide the calm, thoughtful presence that could mould the team’s potential into a combative winner.”
Post Comments
More from sports

Google doodle pays tribute to Raj Kapoor on 90th anniversaryGoogle doodle pays tribute to Raj Kapoor on 90th anniversary
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 14, 2014 01:31 PM IST
Google today paid homage to legendary Bollywood actor-filmmaker Raj Kapoor on his 90th birth anniversary by dedicating a special doodle to him.
The doodle shows Bollywood's 'Show Man' in his avatar from 1951 classic 'Awara', carrying a Google placard on his shoulder.
The backdrop of the doodle is a pictorial representation of the film's most-remembered romantic rain scene featuring the actor and Nargis Dutt, in the song 'Pyar Hua Ikrar Hua'. where both are sharing an umbrella.
The two-time National Award winner was a noted actor, director and producer. He did some of the most memorable Hindi films of all times like 'Sangam', ' Mera Naam Joker', 'Chori Chori', 'Shree 420' and 'Anari', among others.
Kapoor suffered from asthma in his later years and died of complications related to the disease in 1988 at the age of 63.

Sony Pictures not shutting down films  productionSony Pictures not shutting down films' production
Press Trust of India | Los Angeles Dec 14, 2014 12:55 PM IST
Sony Pictures will continue the production of all its films, despite the reports of a shutdown following the major hack that has shaken the studio.
The James Bond film 'Spectre' is being shot in the UK, while the untitled Peter Landesman-directed film about football concussions that stars Will Smith is shooting in Pittsburgh, reported Deadline.
YA novel adaptation 'The Fifth Wave', about an alien invasion, is being filmed in Atlanta.
Protecting these productions was made top priority the moment hackers breached the studio on November 24, insiders said.
Computer hacking of Sony Pictures Entertainment saw several unreleased films of the studio leaking online and forced it to shut down its email service.

UN climate deal reached in marathon sessionUN climate agreement reached in marathon session
Pilita Clark in Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b940c696-8362-11e4-8a84-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian Oil Corporation tops Fortune 500 list  Reliance IndustriesfollowsNew Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 2:16 pm
State-run Indian Oil Corporation is the country’s largest company in terms of revenue, followed by Reliance Industries and Bharat Petroleum in the second and third place respectively, according to the Fortune 500 list of Indian companies for 2014.
Indian Oil Corp (IOC) tops the chart with an annual revenue of Rs 5,00,973 crore, while Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries Ltd’s (RIL) full-year revenue is Rs 4,44,021 crore.
Bharat Petroleum (BPCL) is at the third spot with a revenue of Rs 2,67,718 crore. Hindustan Petroleum’s (HPCL) Rs 2,36,797 crore revenue earned the fourth place in the Fortune 500 list.
IOC, RIL, BPCL and HPCL have retained their last year’s respective ranks, Fortune India said.
This year’s list, compiled by global business magazine Fortune’s Indian edition, said there has been a 9.5 per cent annual growth in total revenues, while in terms of profit it is 4.5 per cent.
The government-owned companies, which account for 38 per cent of the total revenue, have seen a 6.6 per cent growth, while private companies with 56.7 per cent share have seen revenue growing by 10.2 per cent.
Foreign-owned companies with 5.3 per cent share have posted a 25.5 per cent revenue growth, Fortune India said.
Others in the top 10 list include Tata Motors (5th in the ranking, with a revenue of Rs 2,36,502 crore. State Bank of India (Rs 2,26,944 crore), ONGC (Rs 1,82,084 crore), Tata Steel (Rs 1,49,663 crore), Essar Oil (Rs 99,473 crore) and Hindalco Industries (Rs 89,175 crore) figure in the list in that order.
A look at this year’s Fortune India 500 through ‘Make in India’ lens revealed that manufacturing with 298 companies has a 67 per cent share of the total revenue, marginally lower than 68.7 per cent in 2013. The revenue share of services companies (143 firms) has increased to 27.7 per cent from 26.3 per cent in 2013.
Profits also show a similar trend, while manufacturing share has fallen to 55.1 per cent from 56.6 per cent, that of services has gone up to 44.1 per cent from 40.9 per cent.
“Manufacturing then, definitely needs a helping hand and ‘Make in India’ could just be the ticket,” the magazine said adding that “the specific pain points that need to be addressed include the issue of retrospective taxation, labour and foreign direct investment”.

Globes snubs: Angelina Jolie  Christopher Nolan get no love thisyearBy: AP |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:56 pm
The Golden Globe nominations always have their quirks, and sometimes it seems they exist in their own private galaxy. This year’s movie nominations, though, stuck close to expectations, and close to Earth: ‘Interstellar’, Christopher Nolan’s high-pedigree, extragalactic space epic, was shut out save a nod for its score. Yet more surprisingly, one of the stars in our own galaxy, Angelina Jolie, missed out on a director nod for the high-profile ‘Unbroken’, which was totally shut out — as was Clint Eastwood’s upcoming Christmas release ‘American Sniper’ and its leading man, Bradley Cooper.
A closer look at this year’s snubs and surprises at the Globe nominations:
‘PRIDE’ CAN BE PROUD:
This story about an unlikely alliance — British gay activists working to help miners during their long strike in the 1980s — had garnered much admiration but little awards buzz. In a welcome surprise, the Hollywood Foreign Press Association gave the heartwarming film an unlikely nod for best picture, musical or comedy.
‘UNBROKEN’ AND UN-NOMINATED:
Jolie has always gotten a lot of love from the HFPA — she’s been nominated seven times, even for the 2010 dud ‘The Tourist’. This year, many expected she’d be nominated for directing the well-received World War II drama ‘Unbroken’. The film’s shutout was especially surprising since Jolie had scored a Globe nod for best foreign language film for her previous directing effort, “In the Land of Blood and Honey.”
TIMOTHY SPALL’S CANVAS IS EMPTY:
This British veteran was named best actor at Cannes — and then by the New York Film critics — for his memorably gruff performance as the brilliant painter J.M.W. Turner in Mike Leigh’s admired biopic ‘Mr. Turner’. But his terrific work was ignored by the HFPA, in an admittedly packed best-actor field. Spall may have been edged out by the recently surging Jake Gyllenhaal, who gave a superbly creepy performance in ‘Nightcrawler’.
MARION COTILLARD, DOUBLY IGNORED:
One of the most admired actresses working today, the French Oscar winner had been a potential contender for two performances: ‘Two Days, One Night’, by the Dardenne brothers, and the Ellis Island period tale ‘The Immigrant’, directed by James Gray. Neither snagged a nod.
‘INTERSTELLAR’, STUCK ON EARTH:
One of the bigger movies of the year, Christopher Nolan’s ‘Interstellar’, remained tethered to the launch pad after garnering only one Globe nod — for Hans Zimmer’s score. Though it hadn’t figured heavily in the awards buzz — unlike last year’s space epic ‘Gravity’ — the film could have conceivably been nominated for best picture, best director, or for actor Matthew McConaughey, who had that wrenching scene watching video messages from his kids in space.
‘AMERICAN SNIPER’, MISSING ITS AIM:
There sure are some big names associated with the Christmas release ‘American Sniper': Bradley Cooper stars as Navy SEAL Chris Kyle, and it’s directed by none other than Clint Eastwood. But the continued…

Passion for acting helped me rise from bankruptcy  says AmitabhBachchanBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:49 pm
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan has seen highs and lows in his journey from being Bollywood’s “angry young man” to its “Shahenshah”. The actor says his determination and focus helped him emerge from the brink of bankruptcy.
For the actor, things didn’t turn out as expected with his Amitabh Bachchan Corporation Ltd. (ABCL) landing him into financial mess.
“It was a difficult time. ABCL went into debt. I was bankrupt. The people who expressed desire to work with me at the peak of my career came and hurled abuses at me,” Amitabh said at a session of Agenda Aaj Tak here Saturday.
The 72-year-old, who has consistently proved his mettle with films like “Agneepath”, “Don”, “Black”, “Paa” and “Cheeni Kum”, says his focus and passion for acting helped him overcome that phase.
“When you are in such a problem, you don’t sleep at night. On one such night, I asked myself ‘Who I am’ and realised that I came here to act and should stick to it,” he said.
“Next morning, I went to (late filmmaker) Yash Chopra and explained my problem and told him that I neither have money nor work. It was then he gave me a role in ‘Mohabbatein’ and then I started again from that point,” he added.
Amitabh played the role of a strict father and professor, who doesn’t believe in love, in the musical romantic drama, which released in 2000.
At the session, he also recited his late father Harivanshrai Bachchan’s poem “Madhushala” and reminisced about his father. The actor says his lessons are his driving force.
“My father was in a government job and he went for another job at night due to which he came home late. When I opened the door for him, I often asked him ‘Why is he so late?’ and to which he replied ‘Paisa badi mushkil se milta hai’ (You don’t get money easily).”
“So, when I entered show business, I used to do two to three shifts and reached home late. Then my father asked me the same question and complained about my late arrival. My answer was the same: ‘Paisa badi mushkil se milta hai, babuji’. This is one of the many teachings that helps me in my life,” he said.
Meanwhile, the actor has wrapped up shooting for “Piku” and is currently busy with “Wazir”.

Hot Money  from FIIs hits Rs 10-lakh cr mark | Top seven cos lost over Rs 1 lakh crFDIs
(Putting Indian markets…)
NEW DELHI: Putting Indian markets on fire, the foreign investors have pumped in over Rs one-lakh crore of so-called 'hot money' into stocks during 2014 - taking their cumulative net investments here beyond Rs 10 lakh crore.
As an eventful year draws to a close, the Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) have made a net investment of nearly Rs 1.05 lakh crore so far in 2014 and a further Rs 1.6 lakh crore into debt markets - resulting into a total of over Rs 2.6 lakh crore ($43.4 billion).
This has taken their cumulative net investments into the Indian equity markets, since being allowed over two decades ago in November 1992, at close to Rs 8 lakh crore.
The cumulative figure for debt securities has also grown to Rs 2.6 lakh crore - taking the total for overall Indian markets to Rs 10.54 lakh crore (over $214 billion).
These investors, which also got re-christened as FPIs, or Foreign Portfolio Investors, in 2014 under a new regulatory regime that promises to make it easier for them to invest in India, have emerged as a key driver in the ongoing record rally in the markets here and are likely to remain so.
This huge investment flow, which belies its commonly used nomenclature of 'hot money' as such funds can be withdrawn anytime, has come at a time when foreign companies have been mostly reluctant on their FDIs (Foreign Direct Investments) that carry a common perception of being longer-term in nature.
The experts say that the final tally for 2014, as over two weeks of trading is still left this year, could be much better and there is also a chance of annual FII inflows hitting a new record high level.
The FIIs had made a net infusion of Rs 1.13 lakh crore into equity markets during 2013, while a record high amount of Rs 1.33 lakh crore was pumped in the year 2010.
This would be the fourth time in history that net FII inflows for a year would cross Rs 1 lakh crore mark and analysts are optimistic about the next year as well.
As per the market data, these investors have made gross purchases of close to Rs 10 lakh crore in the stock market and of about Rs 4 lakh crore in the debt market this year. On the other hand, their gross sales stood below Rs 9 lakh crore in equity and at little over Rs two lakh crore in debt market.
On a cumulative basis, these overseas investors have made gross purchases of shares worth over Rs 88 lakh crore and sales of close to Rs 78 lakh crore so far in Indian markets.
The experts believe that the inflows will remain equally strong or even better in next year, after recording their third consecutive year of net inflows during 2014. The foreign investors had pulled out a net amount of Rs 2,714 crore (USD 358 million) from the stock market in 2011.
"I am quite sure that the foreign flows would remain equally strong in the next calendar year as well. Actually, if the economic fundamentals show some strong signs of recovery, the foreign flows would only become stronger," Ladderup Wealth Management's Managing Director Raghvendra Nath said.
Echoing similar views, LIC Nomura Mutual Fund's Senior Fund Manager (Debt) Killol Pandya said: "As of now, we appear to be set for an economic revival after a prolonged period of economic woes - stemming mainly from inflation and low growth."
"... we appear to be recovering in terms of economic growth and our interest rate cycle too seems to have peaked. In this scenario, it is expected that our equity and bond markets ought to perform well in the coming few quarters. 2015 should be a better year for FPIs vis a vis the previous few years," he added.
While inflows into bonds have been significantly higher than the equities in 2014, the overseas investors had kept away from the debt market in 2013 and had pulled out a net sum of around Rs 51,000 crore ($ 8 billion) in that segment due to weakness in the Indian currency.
  Interestingly, most of the inflows this year into Indian debt market has gone into government securities.
According to market analysts, overseas investors remained bullish on the Indian equities and debt markets throughout 2014, barring a few months. The sentiments had been bullish even during the first half of the year, mainly on hopes that a strong reform-oriented government will come to power at the Centre.
These positive sentiments continued after a new government took over in May and got a further boost from the reform measures announced subsequently.
While FPIs had begun the year on a positive note too, the momentum picked up in May and pumped in over Rs 41,000 crore in just three months till July. However, the pace of investments into equities somewhat turned slower in August and September. For some time, the overseas investors also turned net sellers of equities.
FPIs, once again flocked towards Indian stocks and bought bagful of stocks in November on positive global cues coupled with hopes from the government's reforms agenda. Since then, the inflows have remained strong.
"After the change in government at the Centre in May, there has been a significant change in sentiment and outlook towards India. Most foreign investors are finding India to be a far better choice that can generate returns in both short and long term," Nath said.
Amongs various emerging market economies, India is being viewed as the strongest candidate for portfolio investments, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi s uphill task to transform Varanasi s landscape(If a Smart Varanasi encompasses…)
By Prerna Katiyar
VARANASI: It is 5:30 in the morning and, even as most of India has still to wake up, one part of an ancient city is bustling. People are offering prayers on the ghats of the river, a few are chanting Har Har Mahadev, others are bathing either themselves or their buffaloes, and still others are loudly discussing the inevitable — politics and the actions of their first-time MP, who is also the country's prime minister.
There's chaos of the controlled kind on the ghats of Varanasi as the early morning light skims across the surface of the Ganga. Two hundred days after Narendra Modi was sworn in as prime minister and 210 days after he was declared winner from Varanasi by a handsome margin of 3.37 lakh votes, the city's MP and the country's PM is still the tittle-tattle of the temple town. "The city, languishing in its past glory, has seen an awakening of sorts in the last six months. Work looks to be in progress in our city," says Narendra Singh, a small-time businessman, after offering prayers at the colourful Dashashwamedh Ghat.
If you're looking for a counter view, there are plenty lurking in the 80-odd ghats that lead up to the river. "Chavanni ka kaam nahi hua hai [not an iota of work has been done]," rues Yashpal Yadav, a resident of Ardali Bazar, pointing to a gali with a mound of garbage "The good areas are getting better and the bad are turning worse."
"Real Varanasi lives in the galis and bylanes while work initiated by the Modi government is happening in the VIP areas to make them now VVIP localities — we don't know if Modi is aware of the ground realities," adds a resident of Sanjay Gandhi colony, wishing to remain unnamed.
Mega Plans
In end-August, Modi, within hours of landing in Osaka in Japan, was witness to the signing of an agreement with his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe to transform Varanasi into a Kyoto-style smart city. Like Varanasi, Kyoto, which is called the city of 10,000 shrines, is a place of pilgrimage — and also has a river flowing through.
The promise of wide and clean roads and modern infrastructure — think high-speed rail networks and navigable waterways — on the lines of Kyoto contrasts sharply with Varanasi's filthy galis, polluted river and rickety ghats. Add to that overflowing sewage drains, power cuts, traffic jams and water shortage, and you wonder: do the people of Varanasi see hope for an ugly-duckling-toswan-queen like metamorphosis?
The answer from Ajay Rai of the Congress, who contested unsuccessfully from the constituency, is predictable. "People of Varanasi had a lot of expectations from Modi but unfortunately it is all talk and no action. There isn't much ground work happening in the city," he declares. "Kashi and Kashi vasi (citizens) will never like the idea of transforming the city into some other world city like Kyoto."
So, along with difficulty in grasping the sheer scale and ambition of the smart city initiative, there's also a fear among the local community of the makeover erasing Varanasi's timeworn character. As Gopal Seth, a shopkeeper in Chetganj, wonders: "What will we do with a new Varanasi if we lose our own identity?" "Our needs are pretty basic," adds Saroj Singh, a resident of Chowka Ghat. "Give us power, good roads and our basic necessities, and we don't care for any talk of a smart city or the Kyoto model."
Even for good electricity connection and roads, Varanasi needs a makeover, and mayor Ram Gopal Mohale points to projects like a solid waste treatment plant, multi-level parkings at Beniya Bagh, Bisheshwarganj and Lahurabir that if completed will make life easier for citizens. The operative word here of course is 'if'. The mayor sees the Samajwadi Partyruled state government as an impediment. "A lot of projects are in the pipeline to improve the basic amenities of the city but we aren't getting enough support from the state government," says Mohale.
The good news, though, is that Modi's initiatives — some nationwide and others aimed squarely at Varanasi — are breeding a sense of hope amongst the people. Says a local photojournalist who this writer bumped into on Lahurabir Square: "People now have a sense of ownership. They are not ashamed to step out in the open with brooms in their hand and become part of the Swachh Bharat mission to do something that till yesterday they were doing only in their respective houses."
Of course, not all journos in Varanasi speak in the same voice. "All this talk of Swachh Bharat and working with the brooms is an eye wash," says another. "The other day, when the Prime Minister had launched the mission, a bunch of advocates almost snatched the brooms from the safai karamcharis for a 'photo-op' after which they literally threw the brooms back to the workers."

US Fed considers time to end free money pledgeAntonis Samaras
(The US Federal Reserve would…)
BRUSSELS: The US Federal Reserve would give the clearest signal next week that its easy money stance is ending if, as some expect, it drops its two-year long pledge to keep interest rates close to zero for a "considerable time".
The Fed, which meets on Tuesday and Wednesday, first inserted that wording in its post-meeting statements in December 2012, promising then to maintain its highly accommodative monetary stance for a considerable time after its asset purchase program ends and the economic recovery strengthens.
Both have occurred.
The U.S. unemployment rate slipped below 6.5 percent, a Fed mark of healthier recovery, in April and is now at a six-year low of 5.8 percent even as more people enter the labour force. Its asset buying ended in October, when all but one of its voting members opted to keep the "considerable time" language.
The market has understood the term to mean at least six months, with current expectations for a first rate hike in mid-2015.
Since October, the more hawkish Dallas Fed chief Richard Fisher has said the Fed should drop the pledge, while more moderate Cleveland counterpart Loretta Mester told Reuters the reference was "really stale"
Some economists believe markets will take a change of wording in their stride, but others hark back to "taper tantrums" after the Fed first mentioned the idea of gradually reducing monetary expansion in May 2013.
"It has to be done at some point, but it's like taking off a sticking plaster. It's going to hurt," said Rob Carnell, chief international economist at ING, who questions central banks' propensity to use set terms rather than just rely on data.
Carnell believes U.S. headline inflation may well fall below 1 percent in the March-May period, when seasonal adjustments would give a greater weighting for a weak oil price than at present.
"It's then a hard sales act to start hiking in May or June," he said.
EU GROWTH SUMMIT
The week, for many the final working days before Christmas and New Year holidays, will conclude with a European Union Summit focused firmly on the faltering economy.
In an ideal world for some economists, France and Italy, the number two and three euro zone economies, would pledge more growth-driving reforms and budget restraint, providing cover for the European Central Bank to unleash new weapons to fight deflation.
Pressure on the ECB to start printing money and buying sovereign bonds rose further last week as its offering of low- cost loans to banks drew only tepid interest.
Banks have taken barely half the 400 billion euros ($497.4 billion) of loans on offer this year, implying they have little confidence in lending to the euro zone's backbone of small companies.
ECB policymakers have dropped hints that it could move in the direction of money printing as soon as January, but a small group of countries led by Germany are opposed, fearing it would lead to reckless borrowing by debt-laden states.
"(ECB President Mario) Draghi has seven weeks to get everyone in line. I don't think he'll pull it off before Christmas," said BNP Paribas Fortis Chief Strategy Officer Philippe Gijsels. "We're very much driven by central banks into next year."
As a reminder that the euro zone debt crisis is not fully extinguished, Greece's parliament holds the first round of its presidential vote on Wednesday. A likely third and final round is expected on Dec. 29.
If Prime Minister Antonis Samaras's candidate does not secure the required three-fifths of votes, more than the government majority, it would trigger parliamentary elections, which polls show anti-bailout party Syriza would probably win.
Samaras warned on Thursday Greece risked a "catastrophic" return to the depths of its debt crisis if his government fell, his comments driving Greek stock and bond losses.
However, while Greek 10-year bond yields have passed 9 percent, with shorter-dated paper even higher, the yield on 10-year Italian bonds was around 2 percent on Friday and for Spanish bonds just below.
The prospect of quantitative easing from the ECB, whose president promised in 2012 to "do whatever it takes" to save the euro, means this is not a repeat of 2010-2012, when fears of contagion to other EU members raged.
Those hoping for respite from concern over a China slowdown will have an eye on a private survey due on Tuesday . It is expected to creep back into growth territory in December after stalling in November.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Work on blueprint of International Basava Study Centre project to commenceUpdated: December 14, 2014 14:15 IST
Work on blueprint of ‘International Basava Study Centre’ project to commence
Firoz Rozindar
The Hindu
District In­charge Minister, M. B. Patil addressing presspersons in Vijayapura on Sunday.
District In-charge Minister, M.B. Patil has said that in order to give a concrete shape to the long pending ‘International Basava Study Centre’ project, he would speak to Chief Minister Siddaramaiah for getting a blueprint prepared for its implementation.
Addressing presspersons on the sidelines of the valedictory of 12 Sammelan here on Sunday, he said that he would propose for formation of the expert committee to prepare the blueprint.
It may be noted that it was during the BJP Government in the State when the Former Chief Minister, B. S. Yeddyurappa granted Rs. 25 crore for the setting up of International Basava Study Centre. However, the project did not take significant shape.
“I would urge the government to release the funds. However, merely seeking funds carries no worth unless we have a comprehensive plan on how to implement the project”, he said.
He said that he wishes to see Basavanabagewadi town, the birth place of 12 reformer, Basaveshwara converted into an activity hub for preaching and propagating the Basava philosophy.
On the occasion, as the president of the BLD Education society, he announced a grant of Rs. 2 crore from the society for preparing a book in English language about Basaveshwara vachanas in order to spread the message to international readers, scholars, renowned thinkers and influential international political leaders.
“To meet this ambitious desire, we are proposing to constitute a committee of about 12­15 experts who can prepare a broad­plan and implement it on a larger scale”, the Minister said.
He however regretted that despite Basava’s philosophy having a message of universal brotherhood and equality, the messages did not global-levels because of language constraints as the Vachanas of Basaveshwara were in Kannada.
“I hope that if his philosophy is translated into various international languages, it would help spreading the message at global level”, the Minister said.
Vice Chancellor of BLDE University, B. G. Mulimani was present.

Helpline to check  devastating  drug menace soon: PM ModiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke about the link between terror and drug-money while asking youth to shun narcotics in his latest episode of radio programme ‘Mann ki Baat’ on Sunday. Signalling the danger of drugs and suggesting several measures of remedy, the PM also announced a toll-free 24 hours counselling help-line for affected families.
“I wish to ask the addicted youth that have they ever thought where the money, they spend on buying drugs, ultimately go? Think, if this money is going to terrorists to buy arms to kill our soldiers. Think, the bullet may have been bought with the money of your habit of intoxication,” Modi said, as he warned of “darkness, destruction and devastation” of drugs.
“You too, love your country and respect the soldiers of this country. Then how can you help a trade which supports drug-mafias and terrorists?” the PM questioned.
In his third radio-programme, the Prime Minister shared his own experiences with parents of addicts saying that he had seen even strong officers breaking down over their son’s habits. While he suggested that parents should spend more time with their children and help them set a positive ambition in life, he also said, “drug addiction is bad, not the child.”
Modi attributed drug addiction as a “psycho-socio-medical” problem.
Encouraging youth to say “no” to drugs and emphasizing that use of drugs is “no style statements”, the Prime Minister invoked Swami Vivekananda’s teaching and asked sports icons and film and other celebrities to spread awareness against the “national pain”.

UN climate deal reached in Peru  all set for 2015 global pactprint
Negotiators from over 190 countries, including India, on Sunday adopted a format for national pledges to cut global carbon emissions, ending a deadlock between rich and poor countries to agree on a new ambitious and binding deal to be signed in Paris next year to combat climate change.
After a marathon UN climate summit in the Peruvian capital of Lima, President of the meeting Manuel Pulgar-Vidal said delegates had approved a broad blueprint for negotiations leading up to a deal in 2015, to take effect in 2020.
"The document is approved," announced Pulgar-Vidal, who is also the environment minister of Peru.
The deal - dubbed the Lima Call for Climate Action - paves the way for what is envisioned as a historic agreement in environmental history.
Commenting on the draft, environment minister Prakash Javadekar said, "all of India's concerns have been addressed."
The draft mentioned only that all pledges would be reviewed a month ahead of the December 2015 Paris summit to assess their combined effect on climate change.
The main plenary was reconvened at 1:30 am local time and Pulgar-Vidal announced that the draft text has been approved.
Pulgar-Vidal, who had spent the entire day meeting separately with delegations, presented the new draft just before midnight, saying "as a text it's not perfect, but it includes the positions of the parties."
The negotiators were given an hour to review the revised draft text. The revised draft has added a line in the preamble regarding "loss and damages" provisions which many small island developing states had requested.
Consistent with India and other developing countries push, a separate paragraph was added regarding differentiation - the principle of categorising countries based on their ability to pay for climate action measures.
It reads that any Paris 2015 agreement should reflect "the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities, in light of different national circumstances."
The last portion was lifted directly from the US-China climate agreement announced in November of this year.
The revised draft does not contain any information about an ex-ante review process of Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDCs), instead, leaving it up to individual countries.
It does outline that all INDCs should contain all of the following elements: "mitigation, adaptation, finance, technology transfer and development... capacity-building, and transparency."
The new date for submission of these INDCs has been moved from June 2015 to October 2015 as many countries had asked for more time.
"Here we have achieved targets and we got what we wanted," Javadekar said.
Noting that "differentiation was key", he said India was satisfied that a paragraph containing that information was included in the approved text.
He acknowledged that the text "does not satisfy everyone" but said it was a good building block for a comprehensive Paris 2015 agreement.
The ADP session will continue from February 8, 2015 in Geneva to continue the negotiating process in a series of meetings throughout the year leading up to Paris.

@ShamiWitness Mehdi s arrest raises questions on online lawsprint
Anyone who's been to Twitter or Facebook knows that you can find any type of people there: political activists, entrepreneurs, social workers, feminists, education evangelists and religious fanatics. The notable thing: some of them are anonymous and merrily flout some laws - including some they may not even know exists or others that are controversial.
related stories
IS Twitter account handler in 5-day police custody
The arrest of 24-year-old Mehdi Masroor Biswas in Bangalore, an alleged online activist of the Islamic State who anonymously used the handle @shamiwitness, throws up new questions: Can Indian laws be convincingly invoked in a grey area where an Indian citizen cheers a form of extremism without actually being a physical participant in it?
Biswas was an ITC group employee by day and an IS activist by night - a Digital Age case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, if you will.  Was his support for IS just a hobby of sorts for Biswas? How does it affect Indian interests and security? These issues will be debated in the coming days, but two points are relevant.
One, legal provisions under which Biswas is being charged (as per media reports) look controversial: One involves waging a war against an Asiatic "ally" and the other under Section 66F of the Information Technology Act that governs cyber terrorism, mainly through hacking or similar acts.
From current indications, Biswas did not hack into any computer or network.
It is not clear if authorities are invoking Section 66A of the same Act - opposed by free speech activists - which targets those who use information that is "grossly offensive or has a menacing character" or causing hatred. From early reports, this provision is not being invoked for Biswas.
The more forceful provision being invoked is of Section 39 of The Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967 which cracks down on support given to a terrorist organisation.
Twitter has dozens of Indian handles spew venom and hate. They make allegations and use abusive language on well-known Indian figures and also India's Constitution. Can they be tracked down the way Biswas was tracked? What will be the consequences? How does that tally with even elected lawmakers in India who question aspects of the republic or advocate violence or India having diplomatic relations with governments that it says harbours terrorists?
Amid such a maze of questions, it is clear that India needs to be proactive about a new online global culture and evolve a new legal framework that guards free speech while ensuring security and responsibility.

Assembly elections live: J&K records over 24 per cent polling till noonAssembly elections live: J&K records 49 per cent polling overall, says Election Commission
IBNLive.com | Dec 14, 2014 at  06:21pm IST
Voting to begin in the fourth phase of Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Living It Up: Depression in childrenFour Pakistan Rangers killed in retaliatory fire by BSF along International Border in Jammu
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

10 charred to death  12 suffer injuries as gas tanker explodes on Delhi-Jaipur highway46
0
Jaipur: In a tragic incident, 10 people were burnt alive and 12 others injured when a gas tanker caught fire and exploded on the Delhi-Jaipur highway near Beelpur village, 35 kms from Jaipur, late on Saturday night.
Jaipur Collector and District Magistrate Krishna Kunal, who was supervising the rescue operation, said that a tanker carrying inflammable gas (Butadiene) was hit by another truck loaded with bikes from the rear end and caught fire
after the gas leak.
#jaipur #gas tanker #explosion #highway
The gas tanker exploded instantly with splinters hitting seven other vehicles passing through the spot, the Collector said.
The bikes loaded in the truck were also gutted in the devastating fire, he said, adding the gas tanker's driver probably managed to flee from the spot.
Splinters from the exploded gas tanker also hit a temple and a shop, he said, adding, the cracks were observed in the temple and shop but no one was affected. The accident caused a huge traffic jam on the national highway which was cleared in the morning.
Out of the ten killed, three have been identified as Dakshul (6), Radhamohan (40) and Vinod (37), SP, Jaipur (Rural) Nitin Deep said.
The cause of the fire is still not clear, he said. An FIR has been filed in the case.
(With inputs from PTI)

Assembly Elections Live: 49% Turnout in Jharkhand  30% in Jammu & KashmirAssembly Elections Live: 49% Turnout in Jharkhand  30% in Jammu & Kashmir
Oil Slump Triggers Selloff in Global EquitiesOil Slump Triggers Selloff in Global Equities
Key points in the Lima climate agreementKey points in the Lima climate agreement
Indian Oil Corporation is country s biggest company: Fortune 500 listIndian Oil Corporation is country s biggest company: Fortune 500 list
Great if you cab accumulate below 3.....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

When i said crude is my turn around decision...all laughed...now each ...Silver Member
106 Followers
When I said Crude is my turn around decision...All laughed...Now each and every boarder in this forum and mainly the guy who questioned me is talking only about Crude...Love to "Be the change"
2.27 PM Dec 14th 2014   |     |   Rated by

My personal believe is this that stk will not break previous life time...79 Followers
Reposted about 9 days 23 hrs 59 min 33 sec ago by kranti_21century
my personal believe is this that stk will not break previous life time low level, lets see.
2.26 PM Dec 14th 2014   |        |   Rated by

Below 45 is definitely possible ..... this is my firm view ...... low...Platinum Member
386 Followers
below 45 is definitely possible ..... this is my firm view ......  lower levels are also possible ..... reason is debt and eps not being from business but sale of scrap ships by sci and also the PSU pedigree and associated costs of a govt company
In reply to : Pendyala message
2.26 PM Dec 14th 2014

Hot Money from FIIs hits Rs 10-lakh cr markHot Money from FIIs hits Rs 10-lakh cr mark
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 14:  
Putting Indian markets on fire, the foreign investors have pumped in over Rs one-lakh crore of so-called ‘hot money’ into stocks during 2014 — taking their cumulative net investments here beyond Rs 10 lakh crore.
As an eventful year draws to a close, the foreign institutional investors have made a net investment of nearly Rs 1.05 lakh crore so far in 2014 and a further Rs 1.6 lakh crore into debt markets —— resulting into a total of over Rs 2.6 lakh crore (USD 43.4 billion).
This has taken their cumulative net investments into the Indian equity markets, since being allowed over two decades ago in November 1992, at close to Rs 8 lakh crore.
The cumulative figure for debt securities has also grown to Rs 2.6 lakh crore — taking the total for overall Indian markets to Rs 10.54 lakh crore (over USD 214 billion).
These investors, which also got re-christened as FPIs, or Foreign Portfolio Investors, in 2014 under a new regulatory regime that promises to make it easier for them to invest in India, have emerged as a key driver in the ongoing record rally in the markets here and are likely to remain so.
This huge investment flow, which belies its commonly used nomenclature of ‘hot money’ as such funds can be withdrawn anytime, has come at a time when foreign companies have been mostly reluctant on their FDIs that carry a common perception of being longer—term in nature.
The experts say that the final tally for 2014, as over two weeks of trading is still left this year, could be much better and there is also a chance of annual FII inflows hitting a new record high level.
The FIIs had made a net infusion of Rs 1.13 lakh crore into equity markets during 2013, while a record high amount of Rs 1.33 lakh crore was pumped in the year 2010.
This would be the fourth time in history that net FII inflows for a year would cross Rs 1 lakh crore mark and analysts are optimistic about the next year as well.
As per the market data, these investors have made gross purchases of close to Rs 10 lakh crore in the stock market and of about Rs 4 lakh crore in the debt market this year. On the other hand, their gross sales stood below Rs 9 lakh crore in equity and at little over Rs two lakh crore in debt market.
On a cumulative basis, these overseas investors have made gross purchases of shares worth over Rs 88 lakh crore and sales of close to Rs 78 lakh crore so far in Indian markets.
Inflows to remain strong in 2015
The experts believe that the inflows will remain equally strong or even better in next year, after recording their third consecutive year of net inflows during 2014. The foreign investors had pulled out a net amount of Rs 2,714 crore (USD 358 million) from the stock market in 2011.
“I am quite sure that the foreign flows would remain equally strong in the next calendar year as well. Actually, if the economic fundamentals show some strong signs of recovery, the foreign flows would only become stronger,” Ladderup Wealth Management’s Managing Director Raghvendra Nath said.
Echoing similar views, LIC Nomura Mutual Fund’s Senior Fund Manager (Debt) Killol Pandya said: “As of now, we appear to be set for an economic revival after a prolonged period of economic woes — stemming mainly from inflation and low growth.”
”... we appear to be recovering in terms of economic growth and our interest rate cycle too seems to have peaked.
In this scenario, it is expected that our equity and bond markets ought to perform well in the coming few quarters. 2015 should be a better year for FPIs vis a vis the previous few years,” he added.
While inflows into bonds have been significantly higher than the equities in 2014, the overseas investors had kept away from the debt market in 2013 and had pulled out a net sum of around Rs 51,000 crore (USD 8 billion) in that segment due to weakness in the Indian currency.
G-Secs in limelight
Interestingly, most of the inflows this year into Indian debt market have gone into government securities.
According to market analysts, overseas investors remained bullish on the Indian equities and debt markets throughout 2014, barring a few months. The sentiments had been bullish even during the first half of the year, mainly on hopes that a strong reform—oriented government will come to power at the Centre.
These positive sentiments continued after a new government took over in May and got a further boost from the reform measures announced subsequently.
While FPIs had begun the year on a positive note too, the momentum picked up in May and pumped in over Rs 41,000 crore in just three months till July. However, the pace of investments into equities somewhat turned slower in August and September. For some time, the overseas investors also turned net sellers of equities.
FPIs, once again flocked towards Indian stocks and bought bagful of stocks in November on positive global cues coupled with hopes from the government’s reforms agenda. Since then, the inflows have remained strong.
“After the change in government at the Centre in May, there has been a significant change in sentiment and outlook towards India. Most foreign investors are finding India to be a far better choice that can generate returns in both short and long term,” Nath said.
Among various emerging market economies, India is being viewed as the strongest candidate for portfolio investments, he added.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

CIC recommends postal stamps for RTI feeCIC recommends postal stamps for RTI fee
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 14:  
People seeking information under RTI Act may now be able to use postal stamps as application fee if a recommendation of the Central Information Commission is accepted by the Centre.
Two Information Commissioners in two separate cases— RK Jain and Raghubir Singh—have made a common recommendation to the Department of Personnel and Training for implementing postal stamps as a mode of payment of RTI fee thus reducing hassles of applicants.
RTI users now have to pay a fee of Rs 10 either in cash, bank demand draft or Indian Postal Order to get information.
Some authorities like Army and Indian air force refuse to accept applications drawn in favour of Accounts Officer despite clear directives of the Department of Personnel and Training causing hassles to applicants.
“The appellant has submitted that the postal department’s recommendation for use of ordinary postal stamps for payment of RTI fee is both practical and user friendly. The Commission finds merit in the appellant’s submissions and would urge the DoPT to consider this at the earliest.
“In this connection it is noted that the government of Tamil Nadu has already allowed payment of RTI fee by affixing court fee stamps, Information Commissioner Basant Seth said in the matter of activist R K Jain.
Agreeing with Seth, Information Commissioner Sridhar Acharyulu also issued an exhaustive order on the issue recommending to DoPT to avail the opportunity of giving New Year Gift to the citizens by permitting and publicising the use of ordinary postal stamps for the payment of RTI fee.
“Accepting postal stamps for RTI fee would resolve many difficulties in payment, besides preventing wastage of public money in returning or rejecting the IPOs or spending much larger amounts than Rs 10, for realising Rs 10, and avoidable litigation,” he said.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

Drug menace a national pain  says PM Narendra ModiPakistani boat carrying explosives caught by Indian Coast Guard off Gujarat; 4 men refuse to surrender, 'blow themselves up'
Calling the “devastating” drug addiction menace as a “national pain”, a concerned Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said the money spent by youth on drugs could be funding terrorism.
In an emotional appeal to youths to say “no” to drugs, asserting that its consumption is neither a ‘style statement’ nor ‘cool’, Modi said a toll-free helpline would be set up soon to assist those seeking solutions. He said the society as well as the government will have to work together to combat the problem.
In his third ‘Mann Ki Baat’ programme on radio, he said the menace is a “national pain” but instead of the youth being mired in the problem, drugs should be shunned.
He said drug addiction is “a malaise filled 3D — darkness, destruction and devastation — as it leads to the dark alleys of destruction and devastation”.
Modi also asked the youth taking drugs whether they know that the money they spend on drugs might be going to fund terrorism.
“Have you thought that the money you spend on drugs might be going to terrorists who buy bullets to kill our soldiers? You also love mother India. How can you help terrorists?,” he told the youth in his broadcast to the nation.
The Prime Minister said a thinking process should begin to ensure that the country is rid of this problem and added that he will try to involve celebrities from the cine world, sports and other fields to campaign for a “drug-free India”.
“For long, I have been having concern about the young generation…That some son has got caught in such a quagmire where everything is devastated. Drugs are such a devastation.”
At the same time, he said, “drug addiction is bad, not the child.”
Describing it as a psycho-socio-medical problem, he said the family, friends, society, government and the law will have to work together to fight it as working in pieces will not help.
He said he had asked his officials to set up a toll free helpline soon to assist those seeking answers to the problem.
The Prime Minister also suggested launching a special drive on social media against the menace.
Recalling that he had promised to talk about drug menace in this ‘Mann Ki Baat’ programme, Modi said he had received thousands of letters and mails from people, reflecting that an atmosphere of consultation has already started.
The government also has been sensitised, he said.
The Prime Minister also counselled the youth to have the courage to say ‘no’ to drugs.
“You may be thinking that taking drugs is a ‘style statement’ or ‘cool’. It is neither. It is just leads you to devastation.”
He suggested that youth could be falling into the drug problem because they have no goals or good thinking about life. In this context, he said parents should take time out from their busy schedules and help children to fix goals and work to achieve those.
“Let your children open their hearts to you. You should observe their behaviour to see that they do not go on the wrong path. Nobody else can do what parents can do,” Modi said.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Punjab  Haryana get widespread rain  farmers happyPunjab, Haryana get widespread rain, farmers happy
IANS | Chandigarh Dec 14, 2014 02:04 PM IST
Most parts of Punjab and Haryana have experience intermittent rainfall over the past over 24 hours but the minimum temperature showing a rise, Met officials said Sunday.
Farmers in both states were happy with the first rainfall of this winter season. The rainfall is considered good for the wheat crop and other vegetables and fruits.
Chandigarh has been experiencing moderate to heavy rain in the past 36 hours.
Met officials here said that despite the rain, the minimum temperatures in Haryana, Punjab and Chandigarh had shown a rise.
Chandigarh recorded a minimum temperature of 10.4 degrees, four degrees above normal, Sunday morning.
In Haryana, Ambala (11.7), Hisar (13.7) and Karnal (13) were warmer by five to six degrees.
In Punjab, Amritsar recorded a low of 8.6 degrees, still five degrees above normal. Ludhiana (10.4) and Patiala (11.9) were warmer by five degrees over normal.
Met officials said the rainfall could continue in some areas.
Doctors and health experts said the rain will help lower the incidence of seasonal health problems like viral fever and sore throat.
"We had been waiting for the rainfall for two months. This winter has been completely dry, except for the past 24 hours. Thefarming, our community is happy. This will be benefit the standing wheat and other crops," farmer Jarnail Singh said in Hoshiarpur district.
Punjab and Haryana contribute over 60 percent food grains (wheat and rice) to the national kitty.

