Goldman overweight on India  pegs Nifty at 9 500 by2015-endDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
While there may not be much room for the already elevated valuations across Asia-Pacific markets (ex-Japan) to expand further, returns in 2015 will be driven by earnings growth improvement, says Goldman Sachs.
In its portfolio strategy for the coming year, the foreign brokerage lists India as one of the overweight markets as it expects it to deliver the highest EPS growth (18% for FY16) among its Asia-Pacific (ex-Japan) counterparts.
Correspondingly, it pins a year-end target of 9,500 for the 50-share Nifty, depicting 11% gains from the current levels.
Adjusting for exchange rate moves and dividend yield, India is seen delivering 13% of the total returns in US dollar terms in 2015, lower than Taiwan (20%) and China (17%), which are also assigned overweight allocations. Indonesia, the recently upgraded market by Goldman, is seen delivering returns similar to India.
While India’s market valuations, at one-year forward earnings multiple of 17.1, look expensive compared to history as well as peers, the brokerage expects global fund flow and interest of domestic investors to support the market momentum.
“With emerging market and Asia ex-Japan mutual fund maintaining overweight of 435 bps and 665 bps on India, investors question us whether India is a crowded trade,” said Timothy Moe, chief Asia-Pacific regional equity strategist.
However, global funds and ex-US funds that collectively account for more than 60% of the $967 billion equity mutual fund pie maintain relative underweight of 40 bps on India compared to benchmark MSCI index and may drive the next round of inflow, added Moe.
Goldman has assigned an overweight allocation to banks, technology and industrial sectors even as it noted that the first two traded at elevated valuations compared to last five years. Collectively, these two sectors are seen accounting for nearly 40% of Goldman’s FY16 EPS growth estimates for the MSCI India universe.
Besides a turnaround in the interest rate trajectory and a reversion in GDP growth to 6.5%, increasing clearances and tapering doing-business blockages are also seen helping a recovery of the banking space as corporate cash flows improve.
Interestingly, even after terming PSU reforms, fuel reforms and coal-auctioning among the preferred themes or areas of opportunity in 2015, the foreign brokerage has assigned a market-weight allocation to the energy sector where it expects FY16 EPS to grow 14%.
While autos, materials and utilities have also been assigned market-weight, consumer staples, healthcare and telecom space have been allocated underweight compared to the benchmark MSCI index.
TAGS: Goldman Sachs US Dollar
More from indianmarkets

Pvt bankers offload personalpositionsDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
At a time when the Bank Nifty is hovering near record highs, top executives of private lenders have decided to profit from this rally and trim their personal holding in their respective banks, according to  corporate filings with the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
As BSE Bankex emerged as the second best performing sectoral index, having rallied as much as  65% compared to 35% gains clocked by the benchmark Sensex, an increasing number of top executives have encashed some of their equity holdings. Collectively, twelve executives of four private lenders together have sold shares worth over R100 crore in the last one month.
ICICI Bank witnessed the highest sale by executives with over 4 lakh shares sold since the beginning of November. Even IndusInd Bank witnessed sale of 3.5 lakh shares in the period. Largest private lender by market value HDFC Bank, housing loan major HDFC and third largest private lender Axis banks each saw sale of over 2 lakh shares during the same period. All of these private sector lenders have rallied anywhere between 60% to 85% this year.
Besides a general shift towards the banking space on hopes of an economic revival, the latest RBI monetary policy in which the central bank indicated a turnaround in the interest rate early 2015 have also added to the momentum in the banking stocks.
While shares of ICICI Bank, Axis Bank and IndusInd bank all touched their life-time highs on Thursday, HDFC Bank, and HDFC had already touched that milestone on November 28,2014.
KV Kamath, the non- executive chairman of ICICI Bank sold shares worth R32.75 crore in two tranches of  1 lakh shares each in the first week of November.
Shikha Sharma, MD & CEO of India’s third largest private lender Axis Bank sold shares on November 10 and 14 worth R3.26 crore.
Between November 12 and December 1, Romesh Sobti, the managing director of IndusInd Bank along with other two colleagues Ramesh Ganesan and Sanjeev Anand together sold shares valued about R10 crore.
Filings with the bourses, part of the disclosures under Sebi (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations show that selling of shares accelerated in the last 30 to 45 days.
TAGS: BSE Sensex HDFC NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Acadia buys large stake in Mag Mile buildingAcadia buys large stake in Mag Mile building
840 N. Michigan Ave.
Real Estate Buyers
With Mag Mile building, New York real estate firm adds to Chicago portfolio.
New York-based Acadia Realty Trust has paid $144 million to buy an 88.4 percent stake in 840 N. Michigan Ave., adding the high-profile location to its growing collection of Chicago retail properties, the company said Friday.
Acadia is partnering in the 87,000-square-foot building, which houses the recently expanded H&M and the new Verizon store, with a group of real estate executives from CBRE/U.S. Equities Realty, who owned and developed the property and maintain a minority stake.
0
"Following the successful completion of this most recent re-tenanting, we felt that the time was right to recapitalize," Camille Julmy, vice chairman of CBRE, said in a statement.
The acquisition adds to an expanding Chicago portfolio for the White Plains, N.Y.-based real estate investment trust, which this year bought $450 million worth of properties nationwide, according to the announcement. It lists 14 Chicago properties on its website, including the retail space at 664 N. Michigan Ave., at the base of the Ritz Carlton residences building, and a collection of Gold Coast buildings that house Saint Laurent, Marc Jacobs, Brioni, BHLDN, Barbour, Lululemon and Sprinkles Cupcakes.

Just how big is ChinaSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Karnataka cane farmers to file contempt case against millsKarnataka cane farmers to file contempt case against mills
Mahesh Kulkarni | Bengaluru Dec 08, 2014 08:44 PM IST
Annoyed with the delay in payment of cane arrears by sugar mills in the state, despite Karnataka High Court directing them, the sugarcane farmers’ body is contemplating to file a ‘contempt of court’ case in the high court. Sugar mills have kept pending payment of cane arrears amounting to Rs 1,803 crore for 2013-14.
On November 6, the high court had ordered sugar mills to pay Rs 2,500 per tonne cane price for 2013-14 as fixed by the state government. However, even after a month, sugar mills have not paid arrears. Instead, sugar mills have approached the state government to give them a financial package.
The state government, which intervened in the matter, has told mills to pay arrears in two instalments of Rs 200 each (most of the mills had paid Rs 2,100 per tonne last year and kept arrears of Rs 400 per tonne). It had asked them to pay Rs 200 per tonne immediately and gave them a moratorium of two years for the balance Rs 200 per tonne. However, mills claimed that their financial position was not sound and asked the government to give them a financial package for the first instalment as well.
“Mills have started crushing after the government assured to waive purchase tax and value added tax for three years without even consulting sugarcane farmers. We are totally against the government’s direction to mills for payment of arrears in two instalments. It is a clear case of contempt of court because the high court had told mills to pay at once,” said Kurubur Shanthkumar, president, Karnataka Sugarcane Growers’ Association.
He said the farmers’ body would file a contempt of court case in the high court if mills fail to make the payment immediately. “The government and mills talked to each other and arrived at a solution convenient to mills. If the government had announced Rs 2,500 per tonne cane price during the Assembly session in Belagavi one year ago. Now, the government is holding session again in Belagavi next week. Farmers will lay siege to the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha (state secretariat) at Belagavi and protest,” Shanthkumar said.
He said the government also allowed mills to pay cane price for the current season on ex-mill basis, which is against the state advisory price (SAP) Act. Last year, out of 60 mills, 46 had paid ex-field price and had agreed to pay this year as well. “Farmers will not accept change in this formula and fight for payment of ex-field cane price,” he said.
It is expected that thousands of farmers will gather in front of the Vidhana Soudha in Belagavi and protest against the government’s changed policy stance, which is against the interests of farmers, Shanthkumar added.
Meanwhile, all 60 sugar mills have started crushing cane for the year 2014-15.

Oilmeal exports down 45% on poor overseas demandOilmeal exports down 45% on poor overseas demand
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 06, 2014 08:49 PM IST
India’s oilmeal exports fell 45 per cent between April and November this year. Data compiled by the apex trade body,  Solvent Extractors’ Association (SEA), showed India’s oilmeal exports at 1.42 million tonnes (mt) during the period, as compared to 2.6 mt in the corresponding period last year. Shipment of soybean meal fell sharply to 0.25 mt in the first eight months of the current financial year compared with 1.60 mt in the corresponding period last year.
Bumper oilseed crop in South American countries has given them an edge over India. Besides, countries such as China and Vietnam have developed their own crushing after importing seeds from Argentina and Brazil. Over and above, India’s traditional market,  Iran, has also witnessed a sharp increase in production from local sources.
“Oilseed prices are currently ruling high in India due to escalation in minimum support price (MSP). Farmers are not willing to sell seeds at a lower price. Therefore, cost of oilmeal production works out to between $50 and 70 a tonne higher than the realisation from exports markets. Therefore, Indian oilmeal exporters lost competitiveness in the international market completely,” said B V Mehta, executive director, SEA.
Oilmeal prices have declined steadily since May this year. Soybean meal average price fell to $557 a tonne in November from $710 a tonne in May. Similarly, rapeseed meal average price also fell to $242 a tonne in November from the peak of $274 a tonne in May.
“The only way forward is to raise differential import duty between crude palm oil (CPO) and refined edible oil (refined, bleached and diodized) at 15 per cent from the existing 5 per cent,” said Pravin S Lunkad, chairman of Pranav Bitek, a Pune-based feed science company.
With import duty of 2.5 per cent on CPO and 7.5 per cent on RBD, the differential duty works out to five per cent currently.

Photos: A look at the production of Ebola drugA unique variety of tobacco seedlings emerge in the greenhouse at Medicago USA, Inc. in Research Triangle Park, N.C. Through its plant-based technology, the facility is capable of producing millions ... more 
A unique variety of tobacco seedlings emerge in the greenhouse at Medicago USA, Inc. in Research Triangle Park, N.C. Through its plant-based technology, the facility is capable of producing millions of doses of vaccines. While most of the work in this area uses a tobacco plant, it's just a relative of the plant used to make cigarettes. less 
1 / 13
Yahoo Finance | Photo by Gerry Broome / AP Photo
Fri 15 Aug, 2014 11:30 PM IST

Slain US photojournalist remembered as passionate free-thinkerprint
In this February 11, 2013 file photo, Luke Somers, 33, an American photojournalist who was kidnapped and killed by al Qaeda, poses for a picture during a parade marking the second anniversary of the revolution in Sanaa, Yemen. (AP Photo/Hani Mohammed, File)
An American photojournalist who US officials say was executed by al Qaeda militants in Yemen was a passionate free-thinker known for his rich portrayals of pro-Democracy protests and life, friends said on Saturday.
Luke Somers, 33, was shot along with a South African teacher by their captors shortly after a failed American-led rescue attempt overnight in a remote desert village in Yemen, US officials said.
"He had an intense curiosity. He was a young man grappling with big ideas," said Beloit College professor Shawn Gillen, who taught Somers creative writing and literature in 2007.
 
Somers was born in England, lived in the Seattle area in Washington state, where some of his family members still live, and graduated in 2008 from Beloit, in Wisconsin. He also lived in Egypt and Morocco.
His brother, Jordan, said in a YouTube video posted days ago seeking his release that Somers spent the last two years making Yemen his home.
"He goes out of his way to care for and respect the common person and has made many lasting friends in Yemen," Jordan said in the video.
His mother, Paula, added: "He is all that we have."
Neither immediately responded to interview requests on Saturday after his death was announced.
A Facebook page devoted to his release said his scholarly and personal interests led him to the Middle East. He was described as an English teacher and dedicated friend.
President Barack Obama said Somers was "a photojournalist who sought through his images to convey the lives of Yemenis to the outside world."
Somers chronicaled many aspects of Yemeni life, from the pro-Democracy protests in Sanaa, to Yemen's former president, to child malnutrition.
Fuad Shaif Al Kadas, who lunched with Somers the day before he was kidnapped, in September 2013, described him as quiet and private but funny.
"Luke truly cared about Yemenis and their voice ... spending all his time among the working-class Yemenis, those of us who really needed a voice (and) revolution," he said.
Tamarack Song, who hired Somers as an editor for a book of nature stories in 2007, said he was a "very complex" and "terribly intelligent" researcher driven to understand why some people hate others.
"His motivating force was trying to understand the human psyche, why people are driven to be conflicted about religion, politics, boundaries," Song said. "He was dragged right in there."

Delhi shamed: Outrage on Twitter over Uber cab rape— Karan Johar (@karanjohar) December 7, 2014
The Uber incident should be a good reminder that we can't outsource public safety to private companies. Make public transport safe.
— Rohan Venkat (@RohanV) December 7, 2014
"Today it's Uber, tomorrow it'll be some other service or place. We plug gaps while rapists just move on to their next violation of trust," AIB member Rohan (@mojorojo) tweeted.
Today it's Uber, tomorrow it'll be some other service or place. We plug gaps while rapists just move on to their next violation of trust
— Rohan (@mojorojo) December 7, 2014
The reports and tweets coming out of India found resonance among cab users in other countries, especially since Uber has been involved in a few controversies in the US recently.
But some of those who responded on Twitter focussed on how Delhi and other cities in the country are still unsafe for working women.
"Crime of Rape committed by driver of Uber Cab may not b his first.Due diligence could have prevented it! Appears to be a repeat offender (sic)," tweeted Kiran Bedi.
Crime of Rape committed by driver of Uber Cab may not b his first.Due diligence could have prevented it! Appears to be a repeat offender..
— Kiran Bedi (@thekiranbedi) December 7, 2014
It is not about uber it is about the mindset of the people of our society who still believe that woman is not more than an object... #Uber
— Sera Banerjee (@sera_banerjee) December 7, 2014
Fixating on Uber distracts from the point that women are unsafe on their way to and from school, work, home, in buses, in cabs, on foot.
— Nishita Jha (@NishSwish) December 7, 2014
Recalling the December 16 Delhi gangrape, people pointed out on how Delhi has been shamed again and no lessons have been learnt.
"All of Delhi came out on streets to demand security for women 2 years back. Why haven't we made any fwd movt in two years?", Aam Aadmi Party leader Atishi Marlena tweeted.
All of Delhi came out on streets to demand security for women 2 years back. Why haven't we made any fwd movt in two years? #DelhiShamedAgain
— Atishi Marlena (@AtishiMarlena) December 7, 2014
With all security measures; Gprs monitoring; nirbhaya safeguards; awareness etc how can such dastardly rapes in cabs occur
— Abhishek Singhvi (@DrAMSinghvi) December 7, 2014
Friday's incident has put the high profile cab service provider Uber, which claims to offer the "safest rides in the world", in a spot.
In a statement to HT, Uber said that it works with "licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform."
While some pointed out lapses in policing, others said the laws are still not strict enough to deter crimes against women.
Overall, the concern most of them expressed was: How safe are our cities for women?

Roger Federer marks his IPTL debut with a bang in Delhiprint
The banners were out, the RF shirts and caps could be found in plenty, screaming fans all shouting in unison - Roger, Roger, Roger. There could be no doubt about it. Everyone was at the Indira Gandhi Stadium in New Delhi on Sunday for one man and one man only.
As the 17-time Grand Slam champion was introduced to the crowd at the beginning of the tie, screams drowned even the loud music. Many found it hard to believe but, yes, it was indeed Roger Federer who walked out.
A young fan could barely contain her excitement as she whipped out her phone. “I have to take a Federer-selfie,” she shouts. Her friends follow suit.
Sania Mirza and Roger Federer share a light moment while playing for Indian Aces in their International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) mixed doubles match in Delhi. (Mohd Zakir/HT Photo)
In September, when the organisers announced that the Swiss master had agreed to replace Rafael Nadal in the league, fans could hardly believe it. Social media was abuzz as to how one could get his hands on tickets. How often do you get a chance to see the world No 2 at home? But there had been a lot of ambiguity about his participation. When he didn’t turn up for the Indian Aces matches in Manila and Singapore, the first two legs of the IPTL, many wondered if Federer would show up in India.
“I agreed to play here (IPTL) quite recently but I was clear about how many days I would be able to give to it. Training is important, as is vacation and spending time with my family… After talking with Mahesh (Bhupathi)… these few days (the December 6-8 India leg) fit perfectly,” clarified Federer, after winning all his three matches against the Singapore Slammers.
He first paired up with Sania Mirza in probably his fourth mixed doubles match ever. “I’ve earlier played with Martina Navratilova, Martina Hingis and my wife (Mirka),” claimed the 33-year-old. He then teamed up with Rohan Bopanna for the doubles before downing old foe Tomas Berdych in the singles. “I’m tired now,” he joked drawing laughter all around.
The Swiss great termed the newly created IPTL an "exhibition", stating that he preferred the game was played on the professional tour.
While all players have been happy to call the IPTL a fun but very tough competition, the recent Davis Cup champion was clear to dismiss the notion. “The format is interesting. It’s fun and somewhat competitive... it definitely has a place on the tour but it will not replace the tour,” Federer said.
Does the league help in off-season preparations as many of the participating stars have claimed it does? “It helps in overall match play in the off season. One can try new things, it gives ideas. But when you actually try the ideas in practice, that is motivational inspiration from the exhibition tour,” he explained.
Video: Playing in India is a cool moment in my career, says Federer
Federer lukewarm on IPTL rules
Federer, however, gave a lukewarm response to the IPTL rules after making his debut.
"My mind was definitely scrambling trying to remember all the rules," a smiling Federer told reporters.
With its emphasis on speed, fun and noise, an IPTL tie comprises five one-set shootouts in men's and women's singles, men's and mixed doubles and a past champions match with the team that wins the most games, not sets, declared the winner.
Additional features include a 20-second serve clock, a 'Happiness Power Point' in which a point is worth double once per set, no advantages, no lets, coaching timeouts and a five-minute shootout if a match is tied at 5-5.
In fun mode
A laughing and joking Federer downed Czech world number seven Tomas Berdych in the new team competition's third leg.
The normally composed and focused Federer was clearly enjoying himself during his three matches in front of Indian fans including Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan and cricketing great Sunil Gavaskar.
After winning his doubles and mixed doubles matches with Indian teammates Sania Mirza and Rohan Bopanna, Federer celebrated with a courtside dance, before teammate France's Gael Monfils joined in.
(With Agency inputs)

Welspun India unveils largest spinning facility under one roof at AnjarWelspun India unveils largest spinning facility under one roof at Anjar
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Dec 07, 2014 08:58 PM IST
Home textiles major Welspun India Limited (WIL), part of the Welspun Group has unveiled its new spinning facility of 170,000 spindles at Anjar, Gujarat - the largest under one roof in India.
The new facility at Welspun City, a 2,500 acre township in Anjar was inaugurated by Gujarat chief minister Anandiben Patel on Saturday, along with Santosh Kumar Gangwar, minister of state for textiles (independent charge), Government of India, and Saurabh Patel, minister of finance, Government of Gujarat.
The expansion is part of a Rs 2500 crore investment aimed at growing textiles business.
"This expansion of our Anjar Plant is a major milestone that represents our long-term commitment to the Indian economy and the government's 'Make In India' vision. Our core competencies of quality and innovation will get further strengthened through increased self-sufficiency, better quality control and an efficient supply chain that will enable us to take the next leap forward. We are very grateful to the state government of Gujarat for extending their proactive support as we expand our operations," said Balkrishna Goenka, Chairman, Welspun Group.
The new facility will double spinning capacity to over 300,000 spindles, thereby fulfilling nearly 70 per cent of the internal yarn requirements of Welspun. Further, it will pave way for improvements in the company's supply chain with lesser dependency on external sourcing, the company stated in an official communique. Post the new facility, Welspun India envisages more emphasis on better quality and increased profitability which in turn will help consolidate its leadership position in the global home textiles industry.
Speaking at the inauguration, Gujarat chief minister Anandiben Patel said, "Congratulations to Welspun Group for this major achievement which clearly reflects the strong co-operation and support between the State Government and the company. This expansion comes as a major vote of confidence to Gujarat as it will generate employment opportunities and further propel the state government's vision of generating robust economic growth in years to come."
According to Welspun India, the expansion project reflects the ethos of the Government of Gujarat's recent 'Farm-Factory-Fabric-Fashion-Foreign' Textile Policy, which is aimed at strengthening the entire textile value-chain.

United Group signs MoU with US state PennsylvaniaUnited Group signs MoU with US state Pennsylvania
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Dec 07, 2014 08:57 PM IST
Ahmedabad-based United Group, one of the leading educational establishments in the country, has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to launch various learning initiatives for the mutual benefits. The MoU was signed under Pennsylvania's 'India Hub for Higher Education & Global Partnership'.
Apart from launching of student exchange programs, the MoU will entail seamless entry into various academic programs run by certain US varsities for the Indian students and training programs for students of the state of Pennsylvania.
The MoU was signed by Ritesh Hada, Managing Director, United Group, and Kanika Choudhary, Pennsylvania's Special Envoy & Honorary Ambassador to India at the Karnavati Knowledge Village, Uvarsad, Gandhinagar. The MoU will lead to better academic and clinical exposure for the students and faculties of the group's educational institutes and also for their counterparts in the US state.

Sobha Limited plans significant market expansion in IndiaSobha Limited plans significant market expansion in India
Hrishikesh Joshi | Pune Dec 07, 2014 08:55 PM IST
Bangalore based real estate player Sobha Limited is eying to double its size by adding new sales of 7 million sq feet. Also, with its unique backward integration model, Sobha is strengthening its position material suppliers market.
J C Sharma, vice chairman and managing director, Sobha said, "We have seen an improvement in the market sentiments post the formation of the new government. Despite this, the real estate sector is yet to be benefited by the positive change in the economic conditions. Given the current scenario, we are of the opinion that recovery is not far away for the real estate sector."
The company is currently developing 50 projects covering 24 million sq ft of saleable area. It has presence in 24 cities across 13 states.
He added, "We have a healthy pipeline of about 15 million square feet of new project launches planned in the next few quarters in our existing geographies. In addition to this, we have about 50 ongoing residential projects aggregating to 31.14 million square feet of developing area and 23.96 million square feet of sales area. On the contractual front, we have 31 ongoing projects covering 9.35 million square feet under various stages of construction. This is a mere indication of our delivery capabilities and we are hopeful that we will continue to cater to the emerging needs of the realty industry."
In Pune Sobha is expanding its footprints in Pune by developing new projects and tie ups with smaller developers here. The company has targeted to develop over one million square feet of area primarily in residential space.
Recently, it has announced a Rs 250 crore project in the city which will consist of three and four BHK apartments, duplex and a commercial lifestyle club.
Sobha Developers claims to be India's largest and the only real estate company to have a backward integration model which enables the company to manufacture all the key components used in construction in house; from concrete blocks to aluminum windows.
It includes an interiors division, a metal works and glazing factory, and a concrete products factory.
The companies include in backward integration processes are Sobha Glazing and Metal Works, Sobha Interiors, Sobha Restoplus (Spring Mattress) and Sobha Concrete Products.
It supplies the material to other real estate players as well.
The factories provide materials not just to meet the organisation's internal demands, but also to some of the real estate players, making them self-sufficient revenue generating entities for the company.
The company earns revenue of Rs 400 crore with these units.
Sobha Group has a presence in the UAE, Saudi Arabia and Oman.
Sobha Limited is Rs 2400 crore company with primary focus on residential and contractual projects.
Sobha is expected to grow to $1bn by 2020. Outside India, it is in excess of $1.5 of revenues.

Argentina cruise past India 4-2 in the Champions TrophyArgentina cruise past India 4-2 in the Champions Trophy
Modi has agreed to visit Sabarimala soon: Ayyappa Samajam secyModi has agreed to visit Sabarimala soon: Ayyappa Samajam secy
Including real estate in GST will be retrogradeIncluding real estate in GST will be retrograde
Sukumar Mukhopadhyay |  Dec 07, 2014 10:34 PM IST
The love of theory can sometimes lead to a retrograde situation. While the goods and services tax (GST) is closer to finalisation, there is a fresh proposal from some theoreticians to include immovable property in the tax base. It has been argued that if GST includes real estate, then it will be a more comprehensive tax structure and will bring about greater transparency and less evasion. I am writing to say that it is neither economically rational nor practically desirable from several points of view. I shall discuss each ground separately below.
a) Immovable property is neither goods nor services. Immovable property has been separately defined in the General Clauses Act, 1897 at section 3 (27) as the following: "(26) immovable property shall include land, benefits to arise out of land, and things attached to the earth, or permanently fastened to anything attached to the earth". That is not the same as goods in excise and sales tax where it is moveable goods. In common parlance, the idea of goods is that it is movable goods and not immovable property. Finally, the expression "goods" in the Entry 84 of List I and Entry 54 of List II of the Constitution also refers to moveable goods. Therefore, the present structure of GST does not allow immoveable property to be included according to the Constitution. There is no rational justification to squeeze in a definition which is not only against the definition of goods in excise and sales tax, but also against the definition in common parlance and the Constitution.
b) It is said that inclusion of real estate will bring a better audit trail and enable government to check black money since the buyers and builders will insist on invoice for the respective purchases. Invoice will be necessary for taking input credit. This argument is not correct. Those who have idea about transactions in real estate know very well that invoices will still continue at a lower rate and cash payment be side-by-side with invoice. If evasion can continue with present GST, it will also continue after real estate is included.
c) It is already a value-added tax. Stamp duty, registration fee and capital gains tax are calculated on value of land and property which are sold with a higher value, anyway. Those who do not agree with this argument say that even if these taxes are charged, GST can be charged on the same analogy that while all transactions (goods, services and sales) are subject to income tax, they are also charged to GST. This is a complete misunderstanding of the nature of tax. Income tax is not charged on the goods, services or sales for which the taxable events are act of manufacture, act of providing service and act of sale. So excise duty, service tax and sales tax are charged on them and not income tax. For income tax, the taxable event is the generation of income, which is completely different from the taxable events for goods, services and sales. It is not a fact that all transactions are charged to income tax as well as GST.
d) It is said that Australia, Canada, Singapore and New Zealand have introduced this. But the fact is that the majority of countries have not.
e) The proposition that incremental revenue from taxation of land will help in keeping the GST revenue-neutral rate low, is wrong. Since the revenue from real estate has to be generated, the final rate might even be higher.
f) Constitutional amendments will be a big hurdle. (a) Entries 63, 18 and 49 of the State List would have to be amended and brought to the Concurrent List. (b) Entry 84 of List I and 54 of List II also have to be amended.
So many amendments will create tremendous strife between the Centre and the states since it will upset the balance of federalism and cause injury to the fundamental structure of the Constitution. It will be impracticable to introduce such a sweeping change in the Constitution.
Therefore, any proposal to include immovable property in the design of GST should be rejected in limine.

Bush calls Garner protests sad statement on race relationsBy Todd C. Frankel December 7 Follow @tcfrankel
Former president George W. Bush said that the death of Eric Garner during an arrest in New York and the ensuing grand-jury decision were "sad" and that his former secretary of state Condoleezza Rice helped him understand the issue.
Bush said he had not delved into why a grand jury declined Wednesday to indict a police officer for Garner’s death in July, which touched off last week's widespread protests, “but it’s sad that race continues to play such a, you know, a kind of emotional, divisive part of life.”
Bush made his comments during an interview with CNN’s Candy Crowley that aired Sunday on “State of the Union.”
The former president also said that the protests came up during a recent dinner with Rice, who is black.
“And she said, 'You’ve just got to understand, there’s just a lot of black folks around who are incredibly — more and more — distrusting of law enforcement,'” Bush said. “Which is a shame because law enforcement’s job is to protect everybody.”
He also talked about Hillary Clinton, saying she would be a formidable 2016 presidential candidate, and noted that his brother Jeb Bush is formidable, too. He said he didn’t know whether his brother would run for president.
“I have no clue where his head is now,” the former president said.
Todd C. Frankel is a reporter covering people and policy. You can follow him on Twitter: @tcfrankel .

Next door Nepal: The price ofinstabilityWritten by Yubaraj Ghimire |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:04 am
Anand Swaroop Varma, the editor of Teesri Duniya, with open sympathy for the radical Left, including the Maoists, sent out a clear message through his column that the support that Narendra Modi has been able to draw in Nepal is the latest version of what used to be called “Sikkimisation” in the years following Sikkim’s merger with India in 1975.
Varma’s influence on Indian policy in Nepal, especially after 2005, ultimately led to the Maoists being brought to the centrestage of Nepali politics and the monarchy’s overthrow.
Independent observers of the peace and the failed constitution-making process over the last eight years have often said Nepalese actors post-2006 were frequently taking dictates from the Indian bureaucracy. But there were no critical voices from the Indian side about how far it ought to get into Nepal’s internal politics. It is, however, true that Modi has been criticised by many in Nepal this time round, unlike in August when he addressed the Constituent Assembly and indicated that his government would be more involved in Nepal’s industrial and economic growth.
The dynamic of the bilateral relationship had evidently changed in the days following, as major hydro projects were signed and politics seemed to take a backseat. But Modi revived it on his last visit, when he said that the constitution, even if incomplete, should come about by consensus and by the January 22 deadline.
But Nepal’s politics, fast heading towards instability, and the likely failure to write the constitution within that deadline, will definitely be an issue for not only the Nepalese people but also India, which believed its new post-2005 Nepal policy would keep its northern neighbour permanently in its sphere of influence and China out.
Just the opposite has happened. China is more popular today and has as much influence and presence in Nepal as India does. None of the actors the Indian establishment had actively supported, including the Maoists, are popular among the people any more. For the BJP, which has come to power eight years after India’s policy shift, it is an opportunity to blame the UPA for the mess. But clearly, India cannot escape the price of instability in Nepal and the consequent geostrategic fallout.
Those close to the previous regime and those opposed to the BJP seem to have embarked on a policy of offence towards Modi, as evident in Varma’s criticism. The criticism of Modi in the Nepali media and some political circles has multiple reasons. He gave the impression in August, that he and top officials would be monitoring Nepalese affairs, instead of leaving it to intelligence agencies and junior diplomats as under the UPA. Also, his emphasis on the constitution at any cost erases the difference ordinary Nepalese saw between him and the UPA continued…

Rear view: The era of the politics ofappeasementWritten by Inder Malhotra |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:00 am
Ironically, the problems that were to be Rajiv Gandhi’s eventual undoing began when he was still a novitiate prime minister with high personal popularity. The first crisis over which he floundered is known as the Shah Bano case. As early as in 1981, an elderly man named Mohammed Ahmed Khan had filed in the Supreme Court an appeal against a lower court’s judgment requiring him to pay his divorced and indigent wife, Shah Bano, a pittance — Rs 179.20 per month, to be precise — as maintenance. Khan’s submission was that he had fulfilled his duty under Islamic law by paying her an allowance for three months. As usual, it took four years for the case to reach the judgment stage. On April 23, 1985, the apex court rejected Khan’s appeal. To do so, the Supreme Court bench invoked Section 125 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), whereby a divorced woman was entitled to claim an allowance from her ex-husband if he had remarried (as Khan had) and she hadn’t, and was unable to maintain herself (as, indeed, was the case with Shah Bano).
Had the court left the matter at that, there might not have been any repercussions. But in the post-Emergency era of judicial activism on one hand and growing religious orthodoxy and intolerance on the other, the situation became both controversial and tense. In the unnecessarily long verdict, the judges had chosen to make ex cathedra observations to which many in the Muslim community took strong objection. One of these was that since the Quran did not disallow reform of Muslim personal law, the time had come to have a unified civil code, which Article 44 of the Constitution had recommended but had “remained a dead letter so far”. A common civil code, the judgment added, “will help the cause of national integration by removing disparate loyalties to laws which have conflicting ideologies”. To make matters worse, the judges also gave expression to the widespread feeling that the “fatal point in Islam was degradation of women”. At the same time, the judges had also stated that Hindu law-giver Manu too had prescribed that “women did not deserve independence”. This balancing act made no difference to most Muslims, who felt highly aggrieved and denounced the judgment as an “attack on Islam”. Mosques across the country resounded with the voices of clerics denouncing both the Supreme Court and Shah Bano. So much so that the poor woman, now aged 75, was coerced into disavowing the Supreme Court’s judgment and declaring that she opposed any judicial interference with Muslim personal law!
That is where Rajiv Gandhi’s dangerous flip-flop on this highly emotive issue came in. Initially, his instinct was to stand by the Supreme Court’s judgment. Indeed, he asked one of his junior ministers, a Muslim and a fluent speaker, Arif Mohammad Khan, to welcome it, which he duly did. Later, the Congress, with its overwhelming majority, defeated a private member’s bill aimed at excluding Muslims from the operation of Section 125 of the CrPC. Soon after, Arif had to rue the day when he had spoken at Rajiv’s behest. For, almost immediately, the prime minister, shaken by the steadily increasing fury of the Muslim community, especially its clerics, reversed his position. This time round, an older and conservative minister, Z.A. Ansari, delivered a three-hour speech attacking the Supreme Court verdict as “prejudiced, discriminatory and full of contradictions”. The judges, he said, were “small men who were incompetent to interpret Islamic law”.
As soon as Rajiv Gandhi reversed his position and announced that he would pass a law to undo the Supreme Court’s judgment — which was done some weeks later — there was the inevitable Hindu backlash amidst shouts of “Muslim appeasement” and “vote-bank politics”. For quite some time, Hindu extremists, represented by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad and other affiliates of the RSS, had been demanding the construction of a Ram mandir at Ayodhya in Uttar Pradesh, which many Indians believe to be the Ram janmabhoomi (Lord Rama’s birthplace). The problem was that they wanted the temple to be constructed at the precise spot where  a mosque, reportedly built by the founder of the Mughal dynasty and therefore named Babri Masjid, stood. This potentially explosive issue had been the subject of litigation since the 19th century. In 1949, when some primitive images of Hindu gods and goddesses mysteriously appeared in one section of the unused mosque, a local court had locked its gates and prohibited prayers there by either Hindus or Muslims. Limited prayers by exactly three Hindu priests in the area where Hindu deities had appeared was, however, permitted. For this purpose only a small side gate could be used. Both communities had accepted this “compromise court order”, and it was being obeyed even after the eruption of Muslim anger over the Shah Bano case.
And then, on February 1, 1986, the district judge of Ayodhya ordered that the gates that had remained locked for 37 years should be opened to permit worship by all at the small Hindu shrine. It is inconceivable that the district judge could have acted swiftly on a petition by a local lawyer on his own. It is generally believed that the judge’s order really came from New Delhi, from the prime minister’s office, no less. The local administration also seemed aware of Delhi’s directive. For the locks were opened within an hour of the court’s verdict, and state-owned TV was in attendance to cover the rush of huge crowds in that little space, demanding that their god be freed from a “Muslim jail”. Rajiv Gandhi, it seems, had acted on the advice of his cohort and cousin, Arun Nehru, who believed that, with the Muslim extremists having been conciliated by the revocation of the Shah Bano judgment, the opening of the Ayodhya gates would satisfy chauvinists on the other side. What really happened was that the government had the worst of both worlds, thus infuriating both Hindus and Muslims.
The writer is a Delhi-based political commentator

Most states back PM Narendra Modis plan to replaceCommissionPrime Minister Narendra Modi gives his speech during an election rally in Hazaribagh on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 1:00 pm
A majority of chief ministers on Sunday favoured Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s proposal to  replace the existing Planning Commission with another institution that would reflect a truly federal polity and a changed economic scenario, and which recognises states’ need for flexibility in spending.
Congress-ruled states, however, did not favour dismantling the 64-year old Commission, and instead suggested a revamp of the existing structure.
The issue was discussed during a four-hour meeting moderated by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, where the PM “invoked the spirit of cooperate federalism cooperative federalism” and stressed on the need for a suitable body to replace the Planning Commission.
“The process of policy planning also has to change from ‘top to bottom’ to ‘bottom to top’,” Modi is learnt to have told the chief ministers.
The PM also referred to remarks that his predecessor Manmohan Singh had made on April 30, to the effect that the Plan panel lacked a futuristic vision in the post-reform era. Singh had noted that the panel would have to reinvent itself in order to stay effective and relevant, according to an official release.
Government sources said an alternative to the Plan panel was likely to be announced within a month. It would be chaired by the Prime Minister and include some Cabinet ministers, chief ministers, as well as private sector experts. Chief ministers may be inducted by rotation, and have greater say in the allocation and use of central funds.
The new institution will, as recommended by the Planning Commission, also serve as a hub for innovation and research. In accordance with the recommendation of most state governments, it is likely to do away with the concept of planning and annual plans. An option on the table is to subsume the functions of the Planning Commission in the Inter-State Council, provided for by the Constitution.
Jaitley, who briefed the media after the meeting, said no timeline had been fixed for setting up the new body. “The central government will take a considered view after the consultation is over,” he said, and indicated that the Budget would be prepared as in the past.
“There is no disagreement on the need for change. But the transition should be managed well,” said a Congress chief minister.
In his Independence Day speech, Modi had proposed restructuring the Planning Commission to suit the current needs of the economy, and to empower the states which, at the moment, have little say in decisions on state plans.
BJP-ruled states including Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Gujarat were in favour of the move, as were Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Punjab and most Northeastern states. Bihar, Assam, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand, however, questioned the need to replace the Planning Commission.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee did not attend the meeting, but has supported an alternative to the Plan panel in a letter to the Prime Minister. The chief ministers of Jharkhand and Jammu & Kashmir, which are in the midst of assembly elections, did not attend.
Sources said chief ministers were given five to seven minutes to present their views, with Jaitley in charge of managing the time. Prime Minister Modi interjected only once during the meeting (apart from the introductory and concluding remarks) to clarify his position on the Plan panel. He said he appreciated the work of the Planning Commission, and emphasised that he had never called for its abolition. He pointed out to states opposing the move that former PM Manmohan Singh too had called for restructuring the Soviet-era agency.
Some states are understood to have questioned the need for dismantling the Commission in the middle of a Plan period; those in favour of the proposal, however, asked for it to be disbanded immediately.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis suggested that the Planning Commission be replaced by a National Development and Reforms Commission, as well as a grouping of similar states. Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal is understood to have pointed out that states must have more say in the new body on decisions affecting them such as minimum support price for grains. CMs of Northeastern states said they often got a raw deal because of their small populations and the inability to raise resources.
Planning Commission secretary Sindhushree Khullar made a presentation on the need and role of the proposed agency — and sought comments from states on whether the five-year Plan should be continued, the scope and method of interaction in the new forum, restructuring of fund flows for the central Plan to states, and the role of the knowledge and innovation hub for states.
Lieutenant Governors of Delhi, Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Puducherry were also present at the meeting. West Bengal and Mizoram were represented by their finance ministers.

Payment of wage arrears linked to HSL performanceUpdated: December 8, 2014 00:12 IST
Payment of wage arrears linked to HSL performance
Santosh Patnaik
company information
Order book position weak, Defence Minister tells MP Tapan Sen. At present, the Minister said, 22 vessels of Indian Navy, Coast Guard, NTRO, and Kandla Port Trust formed part of HSL’s order book.
Admitting poor financial position, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar has said that payment of wage arrears on account of wage revision is linked to performance of the Hindustan Shipyard Limited (HSLL).
In response to a letter by MP and CITU general secretary Tapan Sen, the Minister said that the company, a unit under the Ministry of Defence, was not in a position to pay arrears due to its present financial position.
“As per the memorandum of settlement entered into with the recognised union effective from January 1, 2009, for workmen and staff, the payment of arrears on account of wage revision is linked to improvement in financial position of the company,” he stated in the reply dated November 28.
At present, the Minister said, 22 vessels of Indian Navy, Coast Guard, NTRO, and Kandla Port Trust formed part of HSL’s order book.
The officers have been paid wage revision arrears through special funding inducted in the financial restructuring implemented in 2011.
HSL was brought under MoD from Shipping in February 2010.
The MoD had sanctioned Rs.824.9 crore to the HSL in March 2011 to clear the legacy liabilities and also to convert government loan and interest and government guarantee fee as loan in perpetuity at zero interest. A sum of Rs.457.36 crore was released to the HSL towards refurbishing and replacement of machinery and infrastructure in December 2011.
Regularisation of workmen
On regularisation of L/M series workmen, he said all vacancies were being filled through recruitment only. Age relaxation and preferences were also given to L/M service workmen, he stated.
On regularisation of contract employees on roll, Mr. Parrikar stated that due to weak order book position they had been no induction of permanent workmen and supervisory staff for over two decades.
HSL had recently inducted 105 semi-skilled workmen in core trades within available/approved vacancies through recruitment. The employees engaged on contract basis were also considered along with outsiders.

Ashmaxim sir   do u expect kiltich drugs to crash   can u sugest me ...Gold Member
24 Followers
ashmaxim sir also provide us downside lvls of kilich, wil it fall to 40/35/30/25 or even lower, pls guide us can we add it near 25 lvls or wait for even lower lvls than 25 or 15, u seems to me a great expert in stock mkts, pls sir donot ignore my querry, u r our last hope.
In reply to : ashmaxim message
12.38 AM Dec 8th

Hi immi  you raised a very valid point. i had the exact same tho...165 Followers
Hi Immi,
You raised a very valid point. I had the exact same thought process a few years ago and raised the same questions. Let me share my previous experience.
Probably sometime in 2007/2008 I discovered a company which was very similar in a lot of ways to where DGML is now. They had a wonderful business plan in a very unique (and hard to enter) market. The company revenues were flat for many years, but I could see that it would grow substantially once they executed their plan. I invested in the company knowing very well that I would need a wait for perhaps 2 years or so for the plan to execute, and then the bottomline should do the trick. A few months later, at the AGM the shareholders passed what was a substantial raise to the CMD and CFO to the company and very generous ESOPs to the top management. I didn’t make much of it since I didn’t read the details, but once I did I was livid. Though the ESOPs/salary was already passed, I decided to write to management telling them that they are rewarding themselves way too early and the project execution should finish first before they start rewarding themselves. The CMD and CFO were not promoters of the company, but they were there from the very beginning and they had grown the company from the very beginning – an eerily similar situation to what we have here today with DGML and Sandeep Lakhwara. Anyway, I never received any response to my letter so I didn’t make much of it. A few months later, at the next company IR call, to my surprise investors were told that the CMD and CFO had voluntarily given up their ESOPs. All the other directors/managers/employees still continued with it, but these two guys had voluntarily given it up. It was a shock because the ESOPs were very favorable and worth tens of crores. At that time I was happy thinking that my letter had made some difference. Well, today I can tell one thing – I am not sure whether my letter made that difference or not, but if it did, it was the single biggest financial mistake I’ve made in my life. Having no skin in the game, I could see that they rapidly lost interest in the company and lost in touch with shareholders plight. What should’ve been 2 year project, turned out to be 4-5 years. The decision to give up ESOPs must’ve saved a tens of crores in expense, but cost the shareholders few hundred crores in shareholder value. I’m not saying that by granting ESOPs everything would’ve been done on time, but I’m sure that if the top management had more skin in the game, they would’ve worked hard and thought like shareholders.
We are in a similar situation now. We have a 2 year project in front of us. After a slow decade, we’re finally close to a stage where things should rapidly move. At this juncture, we need every single employee to feel as if the next two years will be the best two years of their careers. Everyone should be pumped up and raring to go. All directors should be making the best decisions. If the project gets executed on time and within budget, we would be saving hundreds of crores.  There’s no better way to get everyone focused and dedicated than offering them financial incentives – its time tested.
I welcome this decision by management and I think it’s a fantastic idea. The only thing I would’ve slightly changed is perhaps how the ESOPs are granted. I think a non-promoter MD should have anywhere between 2-5% stake – which is what is proposed. That’s enough skin in the game for him to make sure that he would think as a shareholder. However, the only thing I would’ve done slightly different is that I would’ve offered everybody from the teabody to the MD shares. Employees who have been around the longest and stuck with the company through thick and thin should be rewarded. The drivers who drove the engineers from Bangalore to Ganajur countless times should be rewarded. This should be a gamechanger for everybody. That’s perhaps the only change I would make. I have learned my lesson in the past and I not going to pinch pennies again. I’m happy to vote for this and I encourage shareholders  to think from a longer term perspective as well.
RM

Its clear nifty target is near 8900  but it may take time  if nifty ti...Platinum Member
290 Followers
Reposted about 5 days 8 hrs 26 min 2 sec ago by New Boarder and 1 others
vishal pitty son, 1 more call for u free of cost, not 35000 rs per month.
buy cairn india at 250-253 sl 248 on 30 minute candle, target 270 . if 248 breaks than short immediaely with sl 255 target 225. all spot number.
u will earn 18000 rs per lot.
what more u want from ur uncle.
if anything needed more tell me,  i will help u.  ur father was my best friend on mmb.

Chal koi baat nahi  nahi batana to mat bata  kumse kum itna bata de   ...Gold Member
24 Followers
boarders see this guy bb master he says ha has some stocks which will never corect, not even 1%  his stocks keeps on rising every single day, so let us give him a big round of applause before he shares his ever rising stock with, come forward mr bb master :))
In reply to : bbmaster message
1.05 PM Dec 6th

DGCA acts tough against SpiceJetNEW DELHI, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 23:20 IST
DGCA acts tough against SpiceJet
PTI
As many as 93 arrival and 93 departure slots were withdrawn by the DGCA as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September, the sources said
TOPICS
air transport
The DGCA directed the airline not to take bookings of flights over one month and refund the booking amount to the customers of cancelled flights in 30 days
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA (Directorate General of Civil Aviation), on Friday, withdrew 186 of its slots, and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees in the next ten days.
‘Convincing schedule’
After reviewing the situation facing the no-frill carrier, DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a ‘convincing schedule’ by December 15 to clear its over Rs.1,500 crore dues to various vendors, including airports and oil companies, official sources said.
The DGCA also directed the airline not to take bookings of flights over one month and refund the booking amount to the customers of cancelled flights in 30 days, they said.
As many as 93 arrival and 93 departure slots were withdrawn by the DGCA as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September, the sources said. The regulator would now on also carry out ‘heightened’ surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety was not compromised due to its financial troubles, they said.
The measures came a day after Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said troubled SpiceJet was seeming to ‘give us heart attacks’.
“We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned,” Mr. Raju had said.
Asking the airline to clear salary dues of all its staffers by December 15, the regulator directed it to disburse the salaries now on by the 7th of every month.
With over 125 pilots quitting the airline in the recent past, the aviation regulator asked SpiceJet to ensure that the Flight Duty Time Limitation (FDTL), a rule which governs maximum duty time for the cockpit crew, was not violated even if the airline was facing a pilots’ crunch. The DGCA has asked the airline to report compliance of its first steps by Monday, the sources said. Asked what the next steps could be, they said this would depend on the levels of compliance to the directives issued by the DGCA.
With reports of slashing of its Boeing fleet by about a third and operate 24 out of its current strength of 35 planes by the middle of next year, its officials said the decision to shrink was part of the airline’s restructuring process and cutting costs.
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs.310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs.559 crore.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over the ability of media baron Kalanithi Maran’s budget carrier to run as a ‘going concern’.
Earlier in the day, airline Chief Operating Officer Sanjiv Kapoor denied reports that the Airports Authority of India had put the SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode.
“Clarifying once more, as news media continue to report wrongly: SpiceJet is categorically NOT on cash and carry with the AAI. @flyspicejet,” Mr. Kapoor tweeted on the micro-blogging site.
We will present our views: COO
SpiceJet’s Chief Operating Officer, Sanjiv Kapoor, on Friday, told The Hindu that the move by the Director-General of Civil Aviation was expected. “This was natural outcome of our communication to them. This was no surprise to us,” he said.
“We will talk to the DGCA on Monday on this issue, and will present our views to them,” he added.
Asked on the salary issue, he said, “In our entire history we have paid salaries on time. This is the first time we haven’t been able to pay out salary on time.
"But let me tell you as of today, we have paid salaries to 85% employees. The remaining 15% are the higher bracket people like me, and it will be sorted out in a day or two,” he said.

Joshua Wong  teen in fight with Beijing© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3dc4df2c-7bb3-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The best way to respect sexual assault survivors is to get their stories rightBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 5 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Protestors carry signs and chant slogans in front of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house at the University of Virginia late Saturday night, Nov. 22, 2014, in Charlottesville, Va. The protest, the most well-attended of several throughout the day, was in response to the university’s reaction to an alleged sexual assault of a student revealed in a recent Rolling Stone article. (AP Photo/The Daily Progress, Ryan M. Kelly)
The disintegration of the central anecdote in Rolling Stone’s recent expose of the University of Virginia’s treatment of sexual assault, “ A Rape on Campus ,” began with two questions about one facet of Sabrina Rubin Erdely’s reporting: Had she talked to the men who Jackie, a student who told a harrowing story about being gang-raped at a UVA fraternity, accused of assaulting her? And if she had not interviewed them, was it because they were unavailable, or because Erdely had promised Jackie that she would not contact the men to protect her from retaliation?
From that initial question have grown other conversations about the challenges of covering sexual assault cases. Do inconsistencies mean that a source is lying, or are they proof of trauma? What standards of verification should reporters use when dealing with victims of sexual assault? And what are the risks of using point-of-view stories like Jackie’s to draw reader attention to systemic issues like campus procedures for handling rape allegations, which affect many students, rather than just one?
“A Rape on Campus” is not only Jackie’s story. But her account of being assaulted, one after another, by seven men, while two others looked on, is the lede, and it is the part of the piece that has provoked the strongest response. The Washington Post reported multiple discrepencies in Jackie’s story  today, and Rolling Stone acknowledged in a note to readers from editor Will Dana that “[i]n the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie’s account, and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced.”
Rolling Stone has published a note to readers apologizing for an article about an alleged U-Va. sexual assault, saying new information shows discrepancies in the victim's story. (Reuters)
Rolling Stone may not have done the work necessary to verify Jackie’s story. But while the journalistic choices Erdely and her editors made are serious, they should not be mistaken for definitive proof that Jackie — or any trauma survivor whose story evolves or has gaps — is making up their entire account.
As the Dart Center on Trauma and Journalism , which works to establish best practices for reporters who are working with survivors of violence,  cautions reporters :
Don’t be surprised if accounts only make partial sense. Frequently survivors of sexual violence ‘shut down’ emotionally: their recall may become fragmentary, and in some cases they may even block out an event entirely. Incomplete and contradictory accounts are not prima facie evidence of deception, but rather of the struggle interviewees may experience in making sense of what happened to them.
The existence of those inconsistencies doesn’t mean reporters shouldn’t work to sift through those contradictory or incomplete accounts to verify survivors’ testimony. The Center for Public Integrity’s Kristen Lombardi, who five years ago published a a major story on how campuses — including the University of Virginia — handle sexual assault cases , says she felt the best way to protect her sources was to vigorously report out their accounts of their assaults.
That meant obtaining their help in getting records of campus disciplinary proceedings, having them sign waivers that gave administrators permission to discuss their cases, and speaking to their alleged assailants. First, though, she did background interviews with survivors, and explained what her reporting process would look like in detail. And she only continued to report out the stories of victims who were comfortable with what that process would involve.
Lombardi says she told sources that doing that level of verification “is what I have to do. ‘It doesn’t necessarily mean that I don’t believe you…Just because I have to ask questions and figure out to the best of my ability exactly what happened and talk to everyone who’s involved including the alleged perpetrator doesn’t mean I don’t believe you. It just means, it’s only going to make this story stronger.’ And once I did that, most students overwhelmingly were comfortable with that.”
If her sources did not feel comfortable participating in the verification process, Lombardi decided not to pursue their stories, because it was not worth it to put unwilling people through a difficult process. Sadly, that was an option “because there’s no shortage of campus rape stories out there. You will be able to find students who have gone through the process and are willing to help you verify [their accounts].”
Bruce Shapiro, the executive director of the Dart Center, emphasized that vigorous reporting does not have to trade off with sensitivity to victims of sexual assault.
“I do think that reporters can be vulnerable, empathetic reporters can be vulnerable to thinking that asking tough questions automatically re-traumatizes sources,” he told me. “There’s a difference between distress and actual trauma. Distress is short-term. Trauma is really damaging to someone in the long run. There’s not a lot of evidence that verifying a story is going to re-traumatize someone.”
Lombardi said that being overly deferential to victims’ accounts, and making agreements like the one Erdely did with Jackie, might avoid discomfort up front, but that the negative long-term risks were obvious.
“I see it as ultimately that’s who you’re protecting. I feel [Jackie],” Lombardi said. “Her story is being doubted at the highest levels…I think as a reporter, you have a duty to protect your sources and to speak to as many sides as possible. That’s your duty. One of the ways you do that is to make sure you cross every t and dot every i, and make sure you do it with as much care and consideration as you can.”
Shapiro also argued that trauma reporting frequently presents reporters with a “narrative challenge” of how to dramatize systematic problems, especially ones about which the public already has strong preconceived ideas.
“How do you get people engaged in an ongoing way in a national scandal involving the victimization of women? How do you get people engaged when people think they know the story already?” Shapiro asked. “This is not only true of rape. It’s true of stories about torture, about what veterans go through, crime victims. Sometimes focusing on that the details of what happened on the one hand are deeply engaging and are a source of empathy by readers, and on the other hand, you don’t want those details to take over your story when your story’s really about an issue.”
“We’ve all ended up focusing on Jackie, is Jackie telling the truth or not, what really happened, who are the perps, instead of on the core issue of how a university responds when a woman walks into a dean’s office with a serious allegation of sexual assault and when there’s a systematic problem on campus,” Shapiro continued. “The details do matter, of course they matter. But spectacular gotcha details can also distract.”
In the end, he suggested, “I think it would be a mistake to distract from the core issue, which is why this story’s so emotional and so powerful, which is the enormous problem of sexual assault on college campuses and the documented inadequacy of response by university administrations. The journalistic tragedy would be if we stopped looking at these stories, or stopped looking at the University of Virginia.”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

I disapprove of Sadhvi Jyoti s remark  Modi to Lok SabhaI disapprove minister's remark, Modi to Lok Sabha
IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Fri 5 Dec, 2014
Print
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday told the Lok Sabha Friday that Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti had apologised for her abusive remark and the business of the house should be carried forward.
"The minister has apologised, she is new and we are also aware of her social background. She comes from a village," he said.
The prime minister addressed the Lok Sabha a day after he made a statement in the upper house.
He said that when a "friend" apologises in front of such a big house "we should also generously accept the apology".
"I am grateful to all the members of the Lok Sabha that they allowed the house to function," Modi said.
However the opposition members, not satisfied with the remark, staged a walkout.
Recommend

For the real green shoots look at whos getting hiredprint
A Kashmiri farmer cuts weeds in a paddy field in Srinagar. (AFP photo)
Last week there was mild excitement and some hope-filled buzz about whether there was an emergence of the elusive ‘green shoots’, the botanical metaphor that depicts the first signs of a revival of the economy. The hope could be traced to a confluence of positive news — not all of which were related.
International oil prices were at their lowest in five years; the government had cut prices of LPG cylinders for Indians who didn’t benefit from subsidies; and also that of aviation fuel, a move that could eventually help boost air travel. Meanwhile, although GDP growth was sluggish for the second quarter, there was some bright news: eight core sectors of the economy, notably including manufacturing, grew at 6.8% (last October, they’d actually shrunk by 0.1%); and a few demand-based indices pointed to good economic growth.
This was borne out by increased car sales and a sharp rise in demand for office space — both healthy indications that the wheels of the economy were probably gathering speed. But are these the real ‘green shoots’ that precede a full-blown economic revival? Or should we look elsewhere?
I’d say we should look closer to the ground to check whether some other things are beginning to change.  Such as jobs. One prominent reason why the BJP-led NDA got a huge mandate in the last Lok Sabha elections was because of the support it got from younger voters, a support that reflected faith and expectations about growth, development and aspirations of young Indians, who also happen to make up the largest proportion of India’s population.
For young Indians those three factors, especially the third, aspirations, have much to do with finding good jobs. Around 15 million young Indians join the workforce every year but not all of them end up with actual jobs. Of the 472 million employed Indians, nearly half work on farms — often that is a euphemism for underemployment or simply lack of other employment opportunities. Clearly so, because although farm ‘jobs’ account for half of India’s total employment, farm output makes up only 14% of the GDP.
In recent years, India has not had a stellar record in generating jobs. Although 60 million jobs were created in 1999-2004 (the NDA was in government then), only 15 million got added in 2005-09 and barely 12 million in 2009-11 (both periods were during the UPA’s regime).
Ironically, 2005-09 was one of the best growth periods for India’s GDP, which grew at an average of nearly 8.5% but, as it happened, it was a period of growth without jobs. In India’s demographic context, the real ‘green shoots’ will appear only when jobs are generated in big numbers.
Has it begun yet? Surprisingly, the answer could be yes. The official labour bureau data since June 2014 are yet to be released but other estimates are available: jobs portal Monster’s India employment index shows a nearly 21% increase in hiring in manufacturing and services in June-October this year compared to the same period last year; and, according to the India Skills Report 2015 prepared by the industry lobby CII and a couple of global  employment specialists, India Inc. expects a 23% increase in hiring next year.
Further, a government study has found that between April and June, employment generation in eight key sectors — most of them manufacturing — grew at their fastest pace in more than two years.
Yet there is an oddity about hiring. Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening — a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening in the near future or what the people on Dalal Street like to call ‘sentiment’.
So if employers have begun hiring in the expectation of better times (read: more investment and expansion), the real challenge will be to ensure that those expectations turn into reality. Only then will we know whether these were real ‘green shoots’ or just a red herring.

Disclose asset  income details of chairman  CIC tells SebiDisclose asset, income details of chairman, CIC tells Sebi
N Sundaresha Subramanian | New Delhi Dec 06, 2014 11:28 PM IST
The Central Information Commission (CIC) has directed the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to reveal the details of assets and liabilities of its chairman, UK Sinha, within four weeks. It has also sought the regulator declare Sinha’s total emoluments.
A Sebi spokesperson said the regulator would appeal against the order.
Overturning its 2012 decision, the commission found an appeal in this regard to be a “fit case, where the requested information should be disclosed in larger public interest”. In an order dated November 28, a CIC Bench said, “We are inclined to allow the disclosure of the requested information. The respondent is directed to provide the information sought in para 2 (a) and (b) above to the appellant within four weeks from the date of receipt of this order. The appeal is allowed.”
The appeal, by Bengaluru-based advocate Arun Agrawal, challenged the Sebi central public information officer (CPIO)’s decision to reject an RTI application seeking details of “the assets and liabilities statement of UK Sinha, chairman of Sebi, for the last three years or for the period declared by him; and (b) the total present emoluments of UK Sinha, along with perquisites on which he has been employed with Sebi”.
In response to an email seeking comment, a Sebi spokesperson said, “It may be noted out of four different cases of appeals filed by Arun Kumar Agrawal, CIC, in its earlier common order dated November 6, 2012, inter alia, held ‘the information regarding the assets and liabilities of the Sebi chairman is clearly in the nature of personal information, exempt under subsection 1 (j) of section 8 of the RTI Act’. We do not agree with the submissions of the appellant that greater public interest will warrant the disclosure of such information and would, therefore, not like to direct the CPIO to disclose any such information”.
The statement added, “On an appeal, the honourable Delhi High Court, vide an order dated January 30, 2013, remanded the order to the CIC, on the grounds that no notice was issued by the CIC to the parties that had approached the high court, without expressing any views on the merits of the matter. However, the CIC, vide four separate orders dated November 29, 2014, reversed its earlier order in three cases and upheld the orders of the CPIO. With regard to the order relating to disclosure of information pertaining to the Sebi chairman, the CIC has reversed its decision dated November 6, 2012, which is beyond its jurisdiction. Sebi will prefer an appeal against the
Sebi also said the points before the CIC pertaining to compensation and salary and its disclosure were earlier raised by Agrawal before the Supreme Court. The apex court had studied these issues in detail and vide an order November 1, 2013, dismissed the writ petition. "It is also informed the Sebi chairman has been regularly filing his property returns, according to extant guidelines."
Though the issues raised by Agrawal had been dealt with and his writ petition was dismissed by the Supreme Court, he had been raising the same issues on various fora time and again, the Sebi spokesperson said.
In a separate order, the CIC has also directed Sebi to provide copies of all documents, along with file notes from the time of conception and preparation of the note for the approval and notification of the circular that brought into effect the consent order mechanism and compounding of offences. However, it allowed the markets regulator to excise the names and designations of the officers making the file notes.
On Saturday, Business Standard had reported two other appeals of Agrawal, also part of CIC's 2012 order, to which Reliance Industries had raised objections, were dismissed by the commission.

Genelia and Riteish spotted with their baby boyCelebrity
It's a baby boy for Riteish and Genelia
Bollywood's beloved on-screen and off-screen couple Genelia D'Souza and Riteish Deshmukh were blessed with a son, their first child.
You might also like:

China plans to put rover on Mars by 2020: Sc...China
(A leading Chinese space…)
BEIJING: A leading Chinese space scientist said today that the country could land a rover on Mars by 2020, build a manned space station by 2022 and test a heavy carrier rocket by 2030, as Beijing expands its space programme in a race with India to explore the red planet.
A feasibility study on China's first Mars mission is completed and the goal is now to send an orbiter and rover to Mars, Lei Fanpei , chairman of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, told state-run Xinhua news agency.
There has been no official announcement about a Mars probe yet, but Lei expects a Long March-5 carrier, still at the development stage, to take the orbiter into a Martian orbit by 2020 from a new launch site on south China's Hainan province.
The communist giant made an unsuccessful attempt to reach Mars in 2011 aboard a Russian rocket, but failed to complete the mission because of an accident during orbital transfer, Xinhua report said.
China unveiled its Mars rover, being developed to scurry the floor of the red planet for signs of water and life, at an air show last month.
It plans to test the new machine in the rugged terrain of Tibet as India's Mars Orbiter Mission Mangalyaan is orbiting Mars since 24 September after being launched on 5 November last year by the Indian Space Research Organisation . New US spacecraft Orion, which tested successfully, plans to carry astronauts beyond earth's orbit perhaps to Mars and return.
China plans to deploy a robot similar to the one it sent to Moon and reportedly plans to test in Tibet.
Lei said China's manned space station program is progressing steadily. Various modules, vehicles and ground facilities are nearing readiness.
The lab hopes to replace Mir, the Russian space station which was expected to retire by that time.
Development and manufacture of major space products are at key stages, including the second space lab Tiangong-2, the Tianzhou-1 cargo ship, Long March-7 rockets and Shenzhou-11 spacecraft.
The core module and two space labs will be tested soon, Lei said. A new launch centre in Hainan, the fourth after Taiyuan, Jiuquan and Xichang, is almost complete and can already launch some spacecrafts.
By around 2022, China's first orbiting space station could be completed. It will consist of three parts - a core module attached to two labs, each weighing about 20 tonnes, Xinhua report said.
China is also developing a powerful rocket to back up its future space missions.
"We hope to make breakthroughs within four or five years on design and key technology for the heavy carrier, a solid foundation for developing such a rocket. We hope to finish all these within the next 15 years, so the heavy rocket will make its first maiden flight sometime around 2030," Lei said.
The rocket is envisaged as having a payload capacity of 130 tonnes to low Earth orbit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BP to wield jobs axe as oil price slump take...BP
(Gilvary told the newspaper…)
LONDON: BP is to axe middle managers and could freeze projects as it grapples with the plummeting oil price, The Sunday Times reported, citing finance director Brian Gilvary .
"What you'll see with this simplification plan is that headcounts are starting to come down across all of our activities in upstream, downstream and in the corporate centres -- essentially the layers above operations," the newspaper quotes Gilvary as saying.
On Wednesday, BP will update on its exploration and production plans until 2010.
Gilvary told the newspaper the oil price drop was not likely to affect its long-term plans but some projects could be delayed or scrapped. "We have got flexibility to trim into next year if that's what we need in a new world of oil at $70 or $60 (a barrel)," he said.
BP was not immediately available for comment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian  Chinese army meet for peace along LACIndian, Chinese army meet for peace along LAC
Press Trust of India | Jammu Dec 07, 2014 08:08 PM IST
Amidst reports of Chinese incursions, the PLA and the Indian Army today decided to uphold treaties and agreements signed between the governments of the two sides to maintain peace and tranquility along the Line of Actual Control.
This was agreed upon at a Border Personnel Meeting of China's Peoples Liberation Army (PLA) and Indian Army in Jammu and Kashmir's Ladakh sector, PRO, Northern Command Headquarters, Col S D Goswami said.
"A ceremonial Border Personnel Meeting was held today between Indian Army and Chinese's PLA personnel on the occasion of Indian Army's Flag Day," he said.
"The two delegations met on the Indian side of the Line of Actual Control in Chushul sector of Ladakh," he said.
The meeting marked an improvement in relations between border troops of India and China and will enhance the bonhomie between border troops along the LAC, he said.
"Both the delegations interacted in a free, congenial and cordial environment. The delegations parted amidst a feeling of friendship and commitment towards enhancing the existing cordial relations and maintaining peace along the LAC," he said.
In September, the two armies were locked in a faceoff in Ladakh's Chumar sector just as Chinese President Xi Jinping was visiting India for the first summit talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Chinese border patrols have been intruding deeper into India's side of the border, in a sign of assertiveness that has fuelled concern in the region.
The two armies were also locked in a three-week standoff in May 2013 after Chinese troops set up a camp 20 km inside the Indian territory in Depsang valley in Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) sector in Ladakh.
The new Indian government has begun an ambitious project to improve the infrastructure in India's border areas with China after over 300 instances of incursions by People's Liberation Army troops in the last two years.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh recently accused China of occupying Aksai Chin illegally and said that incursions by Chinese troops do not help improve ties between the two countries.

North Korea denies involvement in Sony Pictures cyber attackNorth Korea denies involvement in Sony Pictures cyber attack
Britains champions need to up their gameLast updated: December 7, 2014 5:37 pm
Britain’s champions need to up their game
Jonathan Guthrie
It’s high time for GlaxoSmithKline and Rolls-Royce to start earning their national status
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/366edd86-7c8a-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reform of business-rate tax is far away© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51bbe246-7dfc-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

On the loose: MainStreamWritten by Leher Kala | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:15 am
The music video of Gangnam Style surpassed two billion hits on YouTube this week. To put that in perspective, that’s more than one-fourth of the world’s population and time-wise collectively, more than 16,000 hours of time spent by mankind watching this. This video positively flies in the face of conventional wisdom followed by record companies, of investing in hot-bodied, seductive young female singers to grab eyeballs. Psy (short for Psycho) is rotund, wearing mismatched clothes doing a buffoonish dance around horse stables
to a catchy but ordinary tune. And he’s beaten Beyonce hands down.
In the arts, music especially, it’s one of the world’s enduring mysteries why some tracks (mostly average ones) make people go crazy, while better ones fade into obscurity. You would have to be an exceptionally dour human being not to smile at Psy’s infectious lack of inhibition and his enthusiastic moves. But who could have imagined Gangnam Style would become a global sensation, mocked, parodied and endlessly imitated, making the singer the most recognised South Korean in the world? It’s not so exceptional. It’s just that all the other music videos these days follow a tired, mind-numbing sameness of gyrating divas and neon lights, and in keeping with the age of distraction, visual changes every split second. You can’t tell them apart. Gangnam Style is a scream in comparison, reveling in its bumbling and old-fashioned imperfections.
We, the generation who grew up in the ’80s and ’90s were really defined by newly acquired cable TV, and music videos. I can’t help but feel a little nostalgic (if a little quaint and uncool) when I think about how Wham! and Madonna video hits ruled my life. Those days music videos weren’t about scantily clad dancers, they had a real story. They were often disjointed and bizarre, the visuals didn’t match the beats, but in just three or four minutes they created a lasting impression. Take Madonna’s Material Girl. The lyrics went — They can beg and they can plead but they can’t see the light (that’s right). ‘Coz the boy with the cold hard cash is always Mister Right. The video was similarly provocative with Madonna dressed like Marilyn Monroe from Diamonds are a Girl’s Best Friend. In between, the parallel story of a young actor being wooed by a Hollywood director falls in place beautifully. Contrary to the lyrics, she goes on a date with him thinking he’s penniless. A most satisfying conclusion.
I don’t know when the angst ridden romantic music story changed to hardcore sweaty thumping and all music video content started blurring. Our lot grew up watching Tom Petty’s Into the Great Wide Open, the video a dazzling and cautionary fable on the perils of stardom. The sweeping and unforgettable power ballad November Rain is based on a short story Without You about a rock star grieving over the death of a girlfriend. The video packs in drug abuse, suicide and countless metaphors for tragedy, befitting the epic nature of the track. Gangnam Style with its comic continued…

Political divide on scrapping Planning CommissionPolitical divide on scrapping Planning Commission
Non-BJP chief ministers have varied views on dismantling plan panelNon-BJP chief ministers have varied views on dismantling plan panel
For BJP  working to show where RSS meetsIslamWritten by Muzamil Jaleel | Srinagar |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:43 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 9:36 am
Unlike in Jammu where it is running an exclusively Hindutva campaign, the BJP has set about tapping the Muslim vote-bank in Kashmir. The RSS’s Muslim Rashtriya Manch and the Islamic organisation Jamaat Ulema-e-Hind have been silently working with the local clergy and among people to spread the message that “Narendra Modi is the only saviour of the interests of Kashmiri Muslims and he will ensure they have the same rights as citizens in Delhi and Mumbai do.”
A group of around 150 clerics of the Daryaganj-based Jamaat, which is close to the RSS and the BJP, has been working for two months to “build bridges with the local clergy” and market Modi’s development plan for Kashmir.
“There is a lot of fear here,” said Maulana Suhuib Qasmi, Jamaat national president. “We are talking to madrasa boards and mosque associations, and plan to talk even to Jamaat-e-Islami people, to remove the fear of the BJP and the RSS. The RSS is not anti-Muslim.”
Qasmi is a product of Darul Uloom, Deoband. He said it is “just a coincidence” that his organisation has a name similar to that of one of the country’s biggest Islamic organisations, Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind (which itself has two factions).
THE CLERICS
The visiting clerics have faced problems already. At an event held by the Muslim Rashtriya Manch and the Jamaat at a hotel, local clerics stormed out and started a protest, shouting slogans. Syed Waris Shah, president, Rabita Aima Masjid (coordination of imams of mosques), told The Indian Express they were deceived by Qasmi, who made them listen to lectures on Islam by the visiting clerics rather than the BJP’s political campaign. Qasmi said it was a misunderstanding: a few local clerics were offended by an intervention by the RSS’s Indresh Kumar, and his interpretation of Islam.
Qasmi says the mission is to bridge the gap between the Centre and Kashmir. “The Congress is against the RSS for they want Muslims to stay away from the Hindu majority so that it wins elections. What does the RSS say? One creator and his creation,” he said, seeking to draw a parallel with Islam.
He said Muslims need to forget the Gujarat riots and note there were no riots after 2002. “There is still some distance and that is why you hear these communal outbursts by a few BJP leaders here and there. When Giriraj Kishore made that statement, Modiji said that he should not have said so. He made Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti apologise for her remarks,’’ he said.
With his organisation having got close to the RSS and the BJP, he said, “you can now see madrasa students singing patriotic songs, Muslim neighbourhoods hosting the Tricolour… It is because of our presence in the BJP that the government gave a clean chit to madrasas in Bengal and Bihar, saying they are nationalist madrasas.”
Qasmi, involved in export of Kashmiri shawls and carpets, has worked with artisans here for a long time. Now, “we are talking with associations of transporters, houseboat owners and artisans apart from the local clergy. I think many people are ready to support the BJP. They are not openly doing so because of fear, and that fear is fast going away.”
It was once unthinkable, he said, that a bearded and skullcap-wearing maulana would enter the BJP office. “Now we get a lot of respect. We even offer namaz inside the BJP office,’’ he said. “We have come to terms with being a minority in India. Our Prophet has taught us how to live as both victors and vanquished.”
THE SANGHS
The Muslim Rashtriya Manch has more than 4,500 workers in Kashmir valley, said MRM national coordinator Girish Juyal, an RSS veteran of 37 years. “I was in Kashmir in 1989, and returned in 2002. Around 800 NGOs are working with us,’’ he said.
Juyal was a pracharak from 1990 to 1999, then karai pramukh for J&K for two years. He then became general secretary of J&K Peace Foundation currently led by Fayaz Bhat, a BJP candidate. Although Juyal talks of similarities between Islam and RSS ideology, he also emphasises Kashmir’s Hindu past. “That land is in a crisis today where you were born – Fulfil that promise today that you made in Geeta,’’ says a blurb in his emails sent out to the media in Srinagar almost every day.
Juyal said their strategy was to provide succour to people here so that they are receptive to the group’s politics. “We initiated major relief and rehab work during the floods. We didn’t talk politics then. For years, we have been focusing on social issues,” he said. He runs an Urdu newspaper, Paigam Madre Watan (message of the motherland), which focuses on Indian Muslims. He tells people that “our job is to take people away from self-centredness. This is what Islam says. This is what the RSS says.”
The MRM-Jamaat’s main cleric in Kashmir is Maulana Abdul Latief Qasmi, a classmate of Suhuib Qasmi at Deoband. “Many other maulanas in the valley support us. There are people who belong to Barelvi and Sufism schools of thought too,’’ he said.

The Many Shades ofViolenceWritten by Garima Rakesh Mishra | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:35 am
Picture this. Five struggling filmmakers working on a film that deals with the victimisation of a Mumbai-based taxi driver. While they are dealing with the reel life violence of their protagonist, the real life picture of these five individuals also portrays different faces of violence. That’s the plot behind Yeti, a film by Abhijit Mazumdar. It was the only Indian film to be screened in the non-competitive section “Waves” of the recent 32nd Torino Film Festival, Italy.
Yeti, says Mazumdar, is a diploma project of five acting batch students of the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) — Manoj Sharma, Prateek Rathore, Atmaja Pandey, Yashashwi Mishra and Anurag Mishra — who also form the cast of the film. “Every year, FTII invites directors from outside, mostly alumni, to work with the graduating batch of acting students for their diploma projects. When I was approached, I was more than happy to take up the project,” he says, adding that long interactive workshops and sessions with the students translated into a film. The 62-minute film was shot in Pune in November 2013 over 10 days.
Born and brought up in Kolkata, Mazumdar graduated in film direction from the FTII in 2005. Sharing his journey from Kolkata to Pune, he reveals that his father was a movie buff who loved Hindi films and every weekend the family would watch a film. “Later, as I grew up, I started watching more of Hollywood films. I also had a group of friends; we would watch films together and have elaborate discussions on the films. I started attending film festivals and even assisted people who were making films. But then it struck me that I needed to learn more deeply and hence applied at FTII,” he says.
“The campus has cinema running through every little part of the institute. One meets different people who come with their own understanding of cinema,” he adds.
After the course, Mazumdar, who teaches at the Whistling Woods Academy in Mumbai, shifted to the city and went on to direct a few short films, documentaries and commercials. His feature script titled Delirium was selected for Mumbai Mantra Sundance Screenwriting Lab, 2013.
In 2012, his short film Vanishing Point was screened at festivals such as Glasgow Short Film Festival, Jameson Dublin International Film Festival, Durban International Film Festival and International Film Festival of India (IFFI). Chlorophyll, his 2005 short film, was a part of the competition section of The Way We Live Film Festival, Karlovy Vary Fresh Film Fest and official selection of Probelauf XI.

Quite few months or daysPlatinum Member
151 Followers
it has been in this 50-58 range for quite few months....breakout above 60 with good volume would be a positive trigger...else have to wait till next results as stock has alreay been 5 bagger over 1 year
7.18 PM Dec 7th

Baba bhai  loss nai....profit dene ke liye aya hu. kamao. aur li...Reposted about 9 days 6 hrs 44 min 39 sec ago by McxLooto
Kyiki aaj se ham ne aap birders k tips pe kaam karna shuru kiya hay
I m very happy aap sab borders ne sath diya to i m realy gain
In reply to : spsourav message
8.42 PM Nov 28th

Hello mmb. be ready to earn money to earn ! jisko jitna paisa chahiye....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sir this means u r in intraday trading ..... hope i got it rightPlatinum Member
639 Followers
Kindly start giving and we all shall follow you/Regarding your negative vibrations theory,I can say 1 st the cause was there then vibration will also go...I m trading in this share from last 32 years...today also I buy 50 shares for trading and rest in other scripts/gaining or loosing is immaterial for me rs.500 plus minus...I never keep my money in the market...avin 57

PSU divestment sets sailPSU divestment sets sail
Business Standard Editorial Comment | New Delhi Dec 07, 2014 10:40 PM IST
A year and a half ago, in March, 2013, the government had to work hard to sell a five per cent stake in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL). Minutes before the issue was scheduled to close, it had to be bailed out by Life Insurance Corporation (LIC). This time around, the market is bullish, and retail investors last Friday bid for more than twice the number of shares on offer; but, in spite of strong demand, LIC was the biggest participant once again, mopping up nearly 40 per cent of the shares on offer. Arguably, however, the issue's success itself reveals the level of optimism out there. The stock was picked up in spite of being valued at what some would say a hefty premium and a subdued outlook for the steel sector. At its current share price, SAIL is one of the most expensive steel stocks, trading at nearly twice the price-earnings multiple of its peers, such as Tata Steel and JSW; and metal producers face a demand slowdown in China and a global slump in prices.
Nevertheless, the SAIL share offer success will encourage the government to go ahead with its planned divestment in other such companies in the commodity sector, such as Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Ltd (ONGC), GAIL and Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd. The separate retail quota in the SAIL issue worked well; it tapped the rising retail interest as suggested by net positive inflows in equity mutual funds and quarterly changes in the shareholding pattern of companies. In fact, the quota should be expanded - most retail investors will be interested in widely held public sector companies. Disinvestment will not provide any real benefits except to government finances unless the shares being sold are picked up by private-sector entities or retail investors. In the just-concluded SAIL issue, 55 per cent of the shares sold went to state-controlled entities.
However, from the limited point of view of government finances, this issue is good news: it seems there is now a real possibility of the government meeting its ambitious disinvestment target for 2014-15, given the continued bullish sentiment. In general, demand for PSU papers is likely to outstrip supply given the portfolio requirement of institutional investors. Large long-only investors, such as insurance companies, pension funds and sovereign wealth funds, find it tough to get hold of large blocks of shares in top companies at reasonable valuations in a bull market. That's because their orders in the shallow secondary market lead to a sudden spike in share prices, raising their acquisition cost and reducing their long-term returns. So if the pricing is right, large institutional investors will be more than happy to buy PSU shares.
The government, however, will have to do some more work if it is to ensure that the right buyers - global funds, for example, or long-term private finance entities in India - do the buying. In particular, divestment targets in companies, such as ONGC and GAIL, may require more homework and greater participation by domestic retail, as well as foreign institutional investors given the more than adequate free-float in these counters. At the end of September 2014, the government owned 69 per cent and 56 per cent of ONGC and GAIL respectively. The biggest challenge for the government will be to convince foreign investors to increase their exposure to these stocks in view of a bearish outlook on energy and commodity stocks globally. This will require a strong commitment to reforms in the energy and minerals sectors, and a willingness to give the top management of PSUs enough operational headroom. The next phase of growth cannot happen without these deep-pocketed PSUs leading the capital-expenditure charge. Large global investors will only be willing to participate in this growth story if the government plays its cards well.

Undisclosed income of Rs 7k cr detectedBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The government has detected undisclosed income of Rs 7,685 crore in the first eight months of the fiscal in searches and surveys, more than half of which has been admitted by the assessees, Union finance minister Arun Jaitley  told the Parliament on Friday.
With this, the amount of undisclosed income thus found in the last four years has touched Rs 40,500 crore. In the the April-November period of this fiscal, assessees have admitted to income suppression of Rs 4,304 crore, Jaitly told the Lok Sabha. About a third of the undisclosed income would be the principal tax amount payable by the assessees excluding interest and penalty.
On the indirect tax side, tax evasion detected is much more. The alleged service tax, excise and customs duty evasion during the April-November period of this fiscal has touched Rs 9,220 crore.
Tax authorities have demanded Rs 5,097 crore of service tax, Rs 1,995 crore of excise duty and Rs 2,128 crore of customs duty from various companies, the minister replied.In the last four years, the amount of service tax evasion has touched Rs 59,315 crore, while excise evasion has crossed Rs 18,016 crore. Customs duty evasion in the same period has touched Rs 14,412 crore.
Customs officials detected cross-border tax evasion of Rs 1,380 crore so far this fiscal. Tax evasions in export and import have touched Rs 11,330 crore since 2011-12.
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

The Renaissance man of the BenchUpdated: December 6, 2014 15:20 IST
The Renaissance man of the Bench
Anand Parthasarathy
celebrity
For over two decades, V. R. Krishna Iyer's contributions to The Hindu illuminated and signposted public policy debate in India
Justly renowned for his many landmark judgments as a judge of the Supreme Court, Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer, contributed significantly to national debates on public policy, during the after he demitted office. To reach an audience of concerned citizens, Justice Iyer turned to The Hindu, to air his views on a broad spectrum of issues from the Mullaperiyar dam to the mosquito menace; from prohibition to privacy concerns.
Articles on non legal issues
From 1988 when Justice Krishna Iyer's first article appeared on the opinion page, till mid 2013, the paper carried over 60 of his signed pieces, on non legal matters. A reading of Justice Iyer's contributions to The Hindu over 25 years mirrors a liberal, humane response to the issues of the time. What astonishes a reader today is his prescience and grasp of issues like privacy, long before ubiquitous communication media like the Internet, were born.
“Is it not atrocious that Rs.20,000 is charged for admission to even lower kindergarten (LKG) by private managements, with lawless licence?”
In the first of a two-part article in 1990 titled “Privacy of Communication,” he writes: “Information without communication is social suffocation and when the State itself practices interception or detention of thought or truth in transit and legitimizes the violation of postal privacy by law, a free society ceases to exist. We must resist to the last, such a sinister prospect.”
Justice Iyer in this article is writing about the interception by the state of postal articles, but everything he says could have well been written a response to some of the overreaching provisions of the Information Technology Act of 2000 and its amendments, which caused concern in sections of Indian civil society.
“I declined to have police jeeps accompanying me or guntoting uniformed men frighteningly announcing my presence… Not that I was brave but that I know it was regal rubbish.”
Later in 1990, in a piece titled “Uncensored media - basic human right,” his target is Doordarshan: “A Government where flattery, subservience and claques have better chance than free criticism and independent proposals, such a system which seeks to manufacture minds by manipulating views and news has in its genetic code, a fascist seed.... Even today it is common for the viewers of Doordarshan to observe on the screen, the camera focused on Ministers... as if the Doordarshan cosmos exists only when enlivened by ministerial presence,” he wrote.
The question “Who is a Hindu” troubled administrators as well as lay citizens in Kerala in mid 1990, when the High Court pronounced on the qualifications required to run the Devaswom Board. Justice Krishna Iyer reacted wryly: “This judicial rescue of the Hindu gods housed in shaking shrines from menacing infidels may give psychic solace to the souls of those whose consternation about imminent disaster to Hindu gods through a government of crimson guardians may be gravely real... But to elevate external worship as the unavoidable essence of 'High Court Hinduism' is mayhem on the soul of our culture.”
Justice Iyer dealt with the media in a 1995 piece which once more, displayed a grasp over issues that continue to provoke debate. He said: “If the basics of a just world economic order are absent, a just world communication order is an illusion... That is why the non-aligned countries...have treated it as an imperative of the world communication order that there should be an independent communication network for the Third World without being crushed by informational domination of the materially advanced countries.”
As a lifelong resident of Kochi, Kerala, Justice Iyer often used local problems to make a larger point. The mosquito menace in the coastal city saw him in full literary flow against the winged threat: “Who then, are the enemies of people's sound sleep and freedom from insectile forays? Among them, the most terrorist and treacherous, singing and stinging ...are the hawkish mosquitoes, those two-winged flies which, with their proboscises, puncture the skin with insatiable frequency and inject or transmit, and otherwise act as malignant intermediate purveyors of malaria., filaria. dengue, and other deadly fevers.”
“Kerala is perhaps the 'most drunken State' in India, with its per capita consumption of liquor rising by the year...Terrible crimes are committed by drunkards.”
Another hassle of urban life that Justice Iyer addressed, was what he called the “VIP Security Syndrome” in two articles in 1998: “Indeed, the very concept of a Very Important Person is anathema to a socialist democracy since the invidious, colonial protocol, which sanctioned higher classes and condemned the masses, lost its rationale the day the tryst with destiny was made....To regard the Maharajas and mini-Maharajas, party leaders and political midgets as well as officers 'drest in a little brief authority' pro tem as particularly entitled to peculiar treatment runs counter to the non-negotiable value of equality before the law.”
Justice Iyer practised what he preached. He said: “Way back in 1957, when I was Home Minister in Kerala. I declined to have police jeeps accompanying me or guntoting uniformed men frighteningly announcing my presence.. Even during the quasi-violent Operation Overthrow organised with all its fury in Kerala (1959) did not force me to be ringed by the men in khaki. Not that I was brave but that I know it was regal rubbish.”
“Indeed, the very concept of a Very Important Person is anathema to a socialist democracy”
The commercialisation of education was a theme to which Justice Iyer returns at regular intervals. In 2006 he wrote: “Illiteracy is our nation’s bete noire. Not a single soul should exist sans primary education.. Is it not atrocious that Rs.20,000 is charged for admission to even lower kindergarten (LKG) by private managements, with lawless licence? To call this self-financing is monstrous inexactitude perversely dignified.”
Justice Krishna Iyer seemed at times to be tilting quixotically at windmills, but later events have proved that his instinct was right. In 2010 he wrote on the evils of drinking: “Kerala is perhaps the 'most drunken State' in India, with its per capita consumption of liquor rising by the year...Terrible crimes are committed by drunkards. The jocose first sip, the bellicose second sip, the lachrymose third sip… And with the final gulp you become comatose and lie down somewhere, often not knowing where...”
Prolific writer
Was no subject beyond the grasp of this Renaissance Man of the Bench? As he slid smoothly into his mid 90s, it seemed not. Who but Krishna Iyer could pen a piece on Christmas Eve saluting Jesus as a glorious pro-poor rebel? He asks: “Was not the kingdom of God that Jesus held up, but the forerunner to socialism, social justice, secularism and democracy? He was a raging egalitarian, an invisible socialist, and an economic democrat.”
Justice Krishna Iyer's writings appeared occasionally in other print media. But The Hindu was the platform of choice for him. Many readers hugely enjoyed his “words of learned length and thundering sound,” even if they needed to regularly dive for a dictionary. The Hindu left Krishna Iyer's strong, sincerely felt views, largely untouched. For this, we, the readers, can only be grateful, for they touched us, moved us and made us think.
(Anand Parthasarathy is a former IT Consulting Editor of The Hindu. The article is updated and extracted from a chapter in A surfeit of tributes to India's greatest living judge, Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer: A Festschrift, 2014).

Ask Matt: When do I get dividend boostsUSA TODAY
Q: When do I get a company’s higher dividend?
A: Investors love raises. And this year, there’s been no shortage of companies bumping their dividends higher.
Just this week, Disney was the latest example of a company boosting its dividend. The entertainment company, coming off another banner year of profit, said it’s increasing its annual dividend by 34%. The company will now pay $1.15 a share, up from 86 a share.
When companies announce these dividend increases, they’re typically paid the next time the company hands out its dividend. Most companies pay dividends quarterly, so the increased rate is paid with the next quarterly payment to investors who held the shares by the ex-dividend date. Disney pays yearly. The new-and-improved dividend will be paid on January 8 to investors who owned the stock on Dec. 15.
Investors are paying attention to dividends since they’re rising at a rapid clip. Companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 are expected to boost dividends by a double-digit pace this year, says Howard Silverblatt of S&P Dow Jones Indices. That makes 2014 the third year in a row S&P 500 companies have boosted dividends by a double-digit percentage. Companies can afford to aggressively boost their dividends as profit and cash surges.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Yadav Singh to be also probed for money laundering: Finance MinistryNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Yadav Singh, the former chief engineer of Noida Authority who is under probe for alleged corrupt practices and recently faced an income tax raid, will also be investigated for possible instances of money laundering, the finance ministry said in a statement in New Delhi on Saturday.
The chairman of the Special Investigating Team (SIT) probing cases of black money, Justice MB Shah, and its vice-chairman, Justice Arijit Pasayat, on Saturday reviewed the progress of the income tax department’s investigations into Singh’s assets.
A senior income tax official from Lucknow, who is conducting a search operation, will share the details with the enforcement directorate “to take appropriate action and to investigate the matter further from the angle of money laundering.” said the ministry statement.
The SIT also directed the Central Board of Direct Taxes chairperson Anita Kapur to monitor the search, seizure and other proceedings against Yadav Singh and associates.
The Noida Authority has in the meantime announced that e-tendering would take place for all projects exceeding R10 lakh awarded during the tenure of Singh as chief engineer, who has now been shifted from that post to the personnel department. During the recent raids, the tax department reportedly found cash and jewellery.
TAGS: Black Money
More from miscellaneous

http://usat.ly/1FVRm7MPersonal Finance: Money for grandchild's college fund
Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND.
Post to Facebook
Personal Finance: Money for grandchild's college fund Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zVW833
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Personal Finance: Money for grandchild's college fund
Robert Powell, USA WEEKEND 1:43 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND.
USA WEEKEND personal finance advice columnist, Robert Powell
(Photo: Josh T. Reynolds for USA WEEKEND)
12 CONNECT 49 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND.
I have a 529 account for my granddaughter. Will the money I have invested for her education be counted on her FAFSA form for financial aid?
– David Rohrshack, Farmington, Conn.
First the good news: Only the assets of the student and parent are reported; grandparent-owned accounts will not be included on the FAFSA, says Joe Hurley, founder of Savingforcollege.com.
The bad news: "Any financial support actually provided to the student by someone other than the parent, including withdrawals from a grandparent 529, must be added to the student's base-year income on the following year's FAFSA," he says. "Since student income is heavily weighted in determining eligibility, it may behoove the grandparent to wait until senior year of college before making withdrawals; or possibly transferring ownership of the account to the parent before withdrawing."
A good resource is the Federal Student Aid Handbook from the U.S. Department of Education.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zVW833
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Govt lines up heavy legislative agenda in ParliamentBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Unfazed by the stalemate over the Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti issue, government has lined up a heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week including a bill seeking to replace coal blocks allocation ordinance.
The ordinance was brought in the wake of the Supreme Court decision cancelling 214 coal blocks in September which had unveiled the NDA government’s ambitious coal sector reforms.
Government had promulgated Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014 in October to facilitate auctioning of the cancelled coal blocks.
Incidentally, the coal ordinance has been opposed by the central trade unions, including RSS-affiliated trade union Bhartiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS).
BMS as also AITUC, CITU, HMS and INTUC have jointly opposed the government’s proposal to allow private players to mine coal and sell it in the open market, a right till now reserved with the state-owned Coal India Limited (CIL).
The ordinance has also come under attack from the Left parties.
The bill seeking to replace Textile Undertakings (Nationalisation) Laws (Amendment and Validation) Ordinance, 2014 is also on the agenda.
The ordinance was brought to shield the National Textile Corporation from rent control laws that have been used to evict its sick textile units from prime land in several cities.
Anti-hijacking Bill and Supplementary Demands for Grants and related appropriation bills are also on priority agenda so also Payments and Settlements Systems (Amendment) Bill, 2014 and Appropriation Acts (Repeal) Bill, 2014.
In the Rajya Sabha, several bills were scheduled to be taken up during the second week but could not be done so due to disruptions.
They include: The Textiles Undertakings (Nationalisation) Laws (Amendment and Validation) Bill, 2014 to replace an Ordinance, The Constitution Scheduled Castes Orders (Amendment) Bill, 2014, The Central Universities Bill, 2014 and The School of Planning and Architecture Bill, 2014 that have already been passed by the Lok Sabha this session.
During the second week of winter session last week, Lok Sabha passed four bills besides taking up another which remained inconclusive. In all, Lok Sabha passed nine bills during the first two weeks while Rajya Sabha could clear six.
The Upper House could not take up for discussion issues like prevailing agrarian crisis and the statement of the government on WTO talks besides calling attention motion on the naming of Shamshabad Airport due to disruptions.
TAGS: Coal Block Allocation Parliament Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

China uses water power to deepen Sri Lanka tiesUpdated: December 7, 2014 22:34 IST
China uses water power to deepen Sri Lanka ties
Atul Aneja
Tweet
AP
In this May 20, 2014 photo, Chinese President Xi Jinping greets his Sri Lankan counterpart Mahinda Rajapaksa at a meeting in Shanghai.
TOPICS
international relations
China has started a major water supply project in Sri Lanka, using its “soft power” to deepen its relationship with Colombo.
The China Machinery Engineering Corporation (CMEC) has launched the $230-million enterprise — the largest ever undertaken by the Sri Lankan government, Xinhua quoted an official as saying.
The Chinese company had been earlier involved in the construction of the $ 1.2 billion Lakvijaya coal fired power plant in Sri Lanka. Once completed, the new project will yield clean drinking water that would benefit 600,000 people, spread in 42 villages, in an area not far from Colombo.
The CMEC will build a water treatment plant with a supply capacity of 54,000 cubic metres a day, and other infrastructure, within a three year time frame. That would include laying over 1,000 km of pipes to carry the water.
Analysts say that the new venture is only one of several steps that Beijing and Colombo have taken to consolidate their relationship.
China sees Sri Lanka as one of the important elements of the 21 century Maritime Silk Road (MSR), which will connect its Fujian Province with Europe. The MSR would transit through the Indian Ocean via India, Sri Lanka, Maldives, and Nairobi in Kenya. It would finally terminate in Venice after crossing into the Mediterranean via the Suez Canal.
Analysts say that New Delhi is carefully observing China’s growing relationship with Sri Lanka and Maldives — two countries with which India has had a special relationship. The Hindu had reported that on Thursday, the Indian Air Force dispatched five transport aircraft , including three C-17 Globemasters and two IL-76s, carrying a large consignment of potable water, after a major fire destroyed the generator of the Male Water and Sewerage Company, the biggest water treatment plant in the Maldives.
One naval warship, INS Sukanya, capable of producing 20 tonnes of fresh water a day, which was pressed into service, will remain berthed off Male harbour until the desalination treatment plant has been repaired.
China is also engaged in the expansion of Hambantota Port in southern Sri Lanka, with two loans of $600 million and one billion Yuan, the website of the Sri Lanka Ports authority said. The dollar loan will come from the Exim Bank of China and the government of China would provide the Yuan loan.
The first phase of the Hambantota port was also financed by China.

Narendra Modi seeks to replace central planning with  Team IndiaBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Prime Minister Narendra Modi held a brainstorming session on Sunday on replacing Soviet-style central planning with a ‘Team India’ concept that would give federal states a greater role in developing Asia’s third-largest economy.
Although he won a huge election mandate in May, the writ of Modi’s government is weak as the majority of India’s 29 states are controlled by his opponents. That has led him to seek their help in implementing his growth and jobs agenda.
“It is impossible for the nation to develop unless states develop,” Modi told a meeting with chief ministers in New Delhi. “The process of policy planning also has to change from ‘top to bottom’ to ‘bottom to top’.”
As chief minister of Gujarat, Modi objected to meddling by the Planning Commission in his state’s affairs. One ally has described the body as a “parking lot” for political cronies and unwanted bureaucrats.
Yet, three months after Modi vowed to replace the Planning Commission “in a short span of time”, deliberations on its successor are still in their early stages and there is little sign of a consensus.
The opposition Congress party, whose patriarch Jawaharlal Nehru set up the Planning Commission in 1950, said that while the body needed reorientation, its dismantling was unwarranted.
Speaking after the meeting, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the mandate of the body still had to be determined, adding that there was majority support for a structure in which both the centre and states are represented.
It was also unclear, Jaitley added, whether India would scrap the five-year plans introduced by Nehru. The current, 12th  five-year plan, runs to 2017.
TAGS: Indian Economy Narendra Modi Planning Commission
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Old laptop batteries could power slums in India: StudyMany of the estimated 50 million lithium-ion laptop batteries discarded every year could provide electricity storage sufficient to light homes in developing countries.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Discarded laptop batteries still have enough life in them to power slums in India and other developing countries, a new study by IBM India has found.
The research presented at a conference in San Jose, US, analysed a sample of discarded batteries and found 70 per cent had enough power to keep an LED light on for more than four hours a day for a year.
According to researchers at IBM India, many of the estimated 50 million lithium-ion laptop batteries discarded every year could provide electricity storage sufficient to light homes in developing countries.
It is possible to combine LED lights with solar panels and rechargeable batteries, however, using discarded batteries could make the approach far cheaper, according to MIT Technology Review .
"The most costly component in these systems is often the battery," said Vikas Chandan, a research scientist at the lab's Smarter Energy Group , who led the project.
"In this case, the most expensive part of your storage solution is coming from trash," said Chandan.
The IBM group, working with a hardware R&D firm called RadioStudio, opened the discarded laptop battery packaging and extracted individual storage units called cells.
They then tested those individually to pick out the good ones, and recombined them to form refurbished battery packs.
After adding charging dongles as well as circuitry to prevent overheating, they gave them to five users in Bangalore who lived in slums or operated sidewalk carts.
Three months later, the users said the battery packs had worked well.

Merger of  Janata Parivar  a permanent alliance: Lalu Prasad YadavIndian National Lok Dal
(Yadav was here for a pre-engagement…)
LUCKNOW: The coming together of erstwhile 'Janata Parivar' is a "permanent alliance", RJD chief Lalu Prasad said today, noting that such a united front to fight BJP was being missed for long.
"It is a permanent alliance. We have been missing it for long. Now its has been cemented," Lalu told reporter here.
The Rashtriya Janata Dal President was here for a pre-engagement ceremony of his daughter Raj Lakshmi with SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav's grandson and Lok Sabha member Tej Pratap Yadav.
Bihar and Uttar Pradesh are neighbouring states and it is a relationship of hearts, Lalu said on forging political unity as well as establishing family ties with Mulayam.
Asked about the new political formation, the RJD chief said 'Netaji' (Mulayam) has been authorised to take further decision.
"Netaji has been authorised to take further decision. There is no ego problem now," he said.
The two Yadavs are in the forefront of consolidation of opposition forces, bringing six constituents of the erstwhile 'Janata Parivar' under the banner of one party.
These parties include SP, Janata Dal (Secular) , RJD, Janata Dal (United) , Indian National Lok Dal and Samajwadi Janata Party .
On being asked about the date of marriage he said it would be fixed by the pundits.
"It (the marriage) is fixed. Now pundits will tell the date, but it will be soon," he said.
Lalu was received by senior cabinet minister and Mulayam's brother Shivpal Singh Yadav at the airport.
Shivpal said BJP, which rode to power by misleading the people, would be exposed by the new front.
Lalu was accompanied by son Tejaswi Yadav and some close relatives among others.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi rape: Accused cab driver arrested in MathuraComments
The Uber cab driver accused of raping a 25-year-old financial analyst in Delhi was arrested from his home town Mathura on Sunday, as the US online taxi-booking service faced several questions over lack of security checks.
Activists from All India Students Association (AISA) shout slogans against Delhi Police, protesting the rape of a woman by a cab driver, in New Delhi on Sunday. (Sonu Mehta/ HT photo)
Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, was nabbed by a joint team of the Delhi and Mathura police from the temple town in Uttar Pradesh where his car was found abandoned a day earlier.
He would be produced before a court in the Capital on Monday, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (north), said.
Yadav allegedly assaulted a 25-year-old woman MNC employee in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla late Friday night. The woman hailed a ride with him via Uber, which has launched an aggressive international expansion.
The alleged rape, reported days before the second anniversary of the brutal gangrape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in a moving bus in the Capital in December 2012, could have Uber facing legal action.
The San Francisco-based firm failed to run a background check on Yadav, also the car owner, and the vehicle was without a satellite tracking device, the police said. The address he gave to Uber was fake.
Police served a notice on the firm, asking it to join the investigation. “Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we’ll go for legal recourse,” Verma said. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case, he added.
The cab service initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
This made it difficult for the police initially. The breakthrough came after around 12 police teams carried out raids in different parts of UP, especially around Mathura, 160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi where the crime took place.
Laxmi Singh, deputy inspector general for Agra Range, said, "Police in Mathura, in coordination with the Delhi Police, were looking for the accused, who was finally arrested on Sunday evening from Meera Mohan Colony under Highway police station."
The driver had locked himself in a house to dodge the police teams chasing him, Deepak Mishra, special commissioner of Delhi Police (law and order), said.
The arrest came barely 30 minutes after the Delhi Police announced a reward of Rs. 1 lakh for information leading to Yadav.
Uber faces the heat
Uber has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the US.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokesperson.
But, it took the Delhi Police almost eight hours to trace Uber’s office in Gurgaon though the victim had provided them a picture of the car’s number plate she clicked on her phone.
Investigators found the Uber office locked, police said. The supervisor, they said, had little information about Yadav.
“The iPhone that was provided to him by Uber to track his location was switched off,” a senior investigating officer said. The SIM card of the phone was registered in the name of another driver, Gaurav, who told them that Yadav was a native of Mathura, the officer said.
Crime capital
The rape victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, told police she boarded the Uber cab at 9.30pm from south Delhi's Vasant Vihar, where she had gone for a party with friends.
She was raped at an isolated place between Sarai Rohilla and Inderlok, police said, adding the cabbie threatened to kill and sexually assault her with a rod if she resisted him. He dropped her home after the attack.
The cabbie even gave her a missed call from his mobile phone, police added.
According to her complaint, the woman had gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7pm. One of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat only to wake up and find that the car had stopped at a secluded spot.
The car doors were locked. When she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed and sexually assaulted her, police said.
"The woman clicked a photograph of the car's number plate and then made a PCR call to report the incident," police added.
The incident comes at a time when the Capital is under a high-security alert following threats of a sensational terror attack by Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Vehicle checks have been stepped up across the city and anti-sabotage barricades put in place ahead of US President Barack Obama's Republic Day visit to India.
Protests erupt
Dozens of students scuffled with officers on Sunday as they tried to enter police headquarters in New Delhi to protest the rising incidents of rape in the Capital.
"I am here to protest the irregularities and failure of the state machinery, which refuses to acknowledge that rapes happen due to their failure," said Urvashi Joshi, one of the demonstrators.
The protesters, from the All India Students Association, dispersed after an hour-long demonstration.
Commenting on the issue, Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis in India, condemned the incident and said the guilty should be booked immediately.
 
"The cab company concerned must come forward and extend whole-hearted cooperation to the authorities probing the incident. This one-off incident has prompted all the taxi/cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its own employees/drivers prior to employing them to ensure that such heinous activity does not occur in future.
 
"This incident also calls for a stronger government regulation of taxi players which do not essentially operate under the licenced format of taxis and merely function as aggregators. We will take this up with the government," Lalani said.
(With agency inputs)

Kozhikode  Kiss of Love  protest marred by violenceKozhikode 'Kiss of Love' protest marred by violence
PTI  Kozhikode, December 07, 2014
First Published: 22:12 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 02:23 IST(8/12/2014)
The 'Kiss of Love' protest against moral policing was marred Sunday by sporadic violence in parts of Kozhikode. Those for and against it exchanged blows, triggering tension, and the police took a few of them into custody.
Police arrest people protesting against moral policing in Kozhikode on Sunday. PTI Photo
About 20-odd 'Kiss of Love' activists, first converged at the mofussil bus-stand in the Kerala town by about 3pm where about 100 spectators and workers of 'Hanuman sena', had gathered.
When the activists started kissing, the spectators rushed towards them. Police tried to chase them away and took into custody the protesters and workers of the 'Hanuman Sena'.
   
Television footage showed protesters being dragged by police.
   
Kozhikode city police commissioner AV George confirmed that some activists of the 'Kiss of Love' and 'Hanuman Sena' have been taken into custody.
  
"They were taken into custody as a precautionary measure and will be let off without registering any case,", he later told reporters.
   
Unlike in Kochi, the organisers of the 'Kiss of Love' protest had decided to hold the agitation in different streets in Kozhikode, naming the protest as 'Kiss in the Street'.
   
At the famed Sweat Meat street called 'Mithai Theruva', famous for 'Kozhikode Halwas', activists allegedly belonging to Shiv Sena, attacked documentary film maker Didi Damodaran and her husband after they kissed each other, expressing solidarity with the 'Kiss of Love' protest.
   
Poet and filmmaker Jayan K Cherian, who was also taken into custody by police, said he had not come to participate in the protest.
  
"A middle-aged couple were standing there holding hands and were taken into custody. I was explaining this to a TV channel when I was also taken into custody," Cherian said.
   
Describing the police action as 'shameful', he said the 'Kiss of Love' activists should have been given space to protest. They were arrested immediately after they reached the bus-stand and this was against democratic procedures, he said.
  
"These people were only exercising their right and they were forcibly taken into custody by police," he told a television channel. 

PM stresses bigger role for states in new plan panelModi invokes Manmohan to break Cong resistance
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 07, 2014
First Published: 17:42 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 08:36 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi invoked former PM Manmohan Singh on Sunday in the face of opposition from Congress-ruled states over his decision to scrap the Planning Commission, saying a new body was needed to “strengthen” the federal structure and empower states.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Uttarakhand chief minister Harish Rawat during a consultation meeting for Planning Commission revamp in New Delhi on Sunday. PTI Photo
Speaking at his first meeting with chief ministers to seek suggestions on the new body to replace the plan panel, Modi stressed it was impossible for the nation to develop without its states.
“Can we develop a new mechanism that plans according to India’s strengths, empowers states, and brings on board all economic activity, including what happens outside the government,” the PM asked. Modi also recalled feeling the need for a better platform to articulate the views of states when he used to attend the plan panel’s meetings as Gujarat CM.
Stressing "cooperative federalism", Modi said the process of policy planning has to change from "top to bottom" and "bottom to top". It was impossible for the nation to develop unless states develop, he added.
The government dismantled the Planning Commission through a Cabinet decision on August 13, two days before the PM announced it during his Independence Day speech.
Chief ministers of Congress-ruled states, however, appeared unimpressed and praised the plan panel’s work in reducing regional and income disparities.
“The Planning Commission is a time-tested institution and the government should strengthen it instead of scrapping it. We need it to protect the interest of the deprived sections,” said Uttarakhand chief minister Harish Rawat after the day-long meeting at the PM’s Race Course Road residence.
To counter the Congress charge, Modi recalled remarks made by Manmohan Singh on April 30 this year, when the former PM had raised four questions about the future of the Planning Commission and the need for the institution to reinvent itself to remain relevant.
“Manmohan Singh, who was associated with the Planning Commission for a long time, had noted the body has no futuristic vision in the post-reform period,” Modi said in his concluding remarks.
Rawat, however, dismissed Modi’s contention, saying Singh never advocated the scrapping of the institution. “He (Singh) only said the panel needs to re-invent and change."
Congress CMs also expressed dismay at not been consulted before the decision to scrap the planning body. They said the issue should have been discussed in the National Development Council --- a body of all chief ministers headed by the PM.
“It came as a bolt out of the blue,” said a chief minister of a Congress-ruled state, referring to the PM announcement of disbanding the Planning Commission. 
Many Congress CMs, however, praised Modi for organising a retreat with chief ministers with no central minister or official present.
“We chatted with each other and the PM. Modi listened to our suggestions and appeared positive,” said a CM of a Congress-ruled state.
Summarising the discussions, finance minister Arun Jaitley said there was a “large” consensus on the need to scrap the Planning Commission since the present context had changed with a need to “decentralise” decision making.
 
All CMs agreed that states have to play a bigger role in nation building, Jaitley said, adding that the “one-size fits all” concept of Central schemes have to be changed.
“Most states favoured an alternate body where both the Centre and the state participate and a bottom-up approach to policy making is adopted instead of a top-down approach,” the minister said.
Jaitley also said Modi had stressed on Team India comprising the PM and the chief ministers, the council of ministers and the bureaucracy at the Centre and the states.
The Team India concept, according to Modi, was a combination of three teams – the Prime Minister and chief ministers; the Union council of ministers; and the bureaucracy at the Centre and in states, PTI reported.
(with agency inputs)

Putins passage to IndiaAbout Nick
Blog guide
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
This blog looks at the relationship between energy and power, plus the global trends and influences on the industry. Nick aims to blog twice a week
Nick Butler is Visiting Professor and Chair of the Kings Policy Institute at Kings College London.
He spent 29 years with BP, including five years as Group Vice President for Policy and Strategy Development at BP from 2002 to 2006.   He has also served as Senior Policy Adviser at No 10, Chairman of the Centre for European Reform and Treasurer of the Fabian Society.
Nick Butler is an investor in, and an adviser to a number of companies and institutions in the energy business.  The views expressed are solely those of Mr Butler.  This material is not intended to provide and should not be relied upon for investment advice or recommendations.   Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investment.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

How wearable tech will revolutionize healthcareTyler Wells Lynch
December 04, 2014
At the Consumer Electronics Show in January, many analysts and news outlets (included us) predicted that 2014 would be a breakout year for wearable tech.
In some ways, that prediction has come to pass. According to research firm Canalys, wearable band shipments (including smartwatches) soared by 684 percent in the first half of this year, compared to the same period in 2013. That growth is only expected to continue. IDC has predicted that global sales will reach 19 million units by the end of 2014, tripling last year’s figures.
This year we've also seen the unveiling of the Apple Watch , the announcement of Android Wear and its first six devices, the public release of Google Glass , and Facebook’s acquisition of Oculus VR . Wearables are now a rapidly diversifying market, with everyone from Casio to Samsung to Will.i.am jumping in feet first.
But despite runaway growth, there's an argument to be made that the wearables industry is treading water, lacking in innovation and almost exclusively devoted to a single, narrow-minded design paradigm. While wearable shipments have been skyrocketing, most of the volume is attributable to simple fitness bands like the Fitbit and Jawbone Up. And even then, figures pale in comparison to other tech categories.
Global wearable shipments are expected to reach 112 million units by 2018, but that's a drop in the bucket compared to the billion or so smartphones sold last year, or the nearly 2 billion expected to ship in 2018. Even tablets enjoy far higher sales figures. According to Gartner, they are already more than double (229 million) what IDC predicts wearables will be at in four years.
But hidden beneath the underwhelming sales figures and uninspiring gizmos is a sleeping giant. Wearable technology isn't a transient fitness fad for quinoa-eating yuppies, and it's not just a market for step-counters, pulse monitors, or a more convenient way to get smartphone notifications. It’s a stepping stone toward an explicitly utopian (and potentially Orwellian) ideal: the quantified self .
Behind the scenes, in labs and research facilities around the world, our brightest minds are building wearable devices that could revolutionize the way we approach our health and wellbeing.
The question is: How do we get there from here? How do we transition from the clunky, marginally useful smartwatches and fitness bands of today to the invisible yet omnipresent sensory network of tomorrow?
The Curse of Fashion
For many potential buyers, the look of today's wearables makes them a non-starter. The usual tech-obsessed early adopters may be gobbling them up, but regular folks just aren’t sure they want to be seen wearing a smartwatch or AR glasses.
Need an example? Just look at highly visible devices like Google Glass and Bluetooth headsets. Wearers of the former have already earned the unfortunate nickname “ glassholes ," and Bluetooth headsets, which have been around for nearly 15 years, still evoke a certain " douchiness ."
Samsung has dressed up its Galaxy Gear watches with Swarovski crystals, but they can't hide the underwhelming design. [Credit: Samsung via Flickr]
"The wearables market is in its Stone Age right now,” said CCS director of forecasting Marina Koytcheva, in a statement last summer. “There need to be huge improvements to broaden their appeal. Wearables need to quickly move on from black, clunky devices.”
It's easy to see why inconspicuous activity trackers comprise the bulk of the wearables market. Customers and reviewers alike have dismissed today's smartwatches as "horribly ugly, boxy contraptions with boring, rubbery straps," with the possible exception of the Motorola Moto 360 and LG G Watch R . Then there's Google Glass. Though clearly ripe with potential, its aesthetics are questionable at best. And its chances at market success? Well, I’ll let Google fill in the blanks:
HP seems to have gotten the hint: It has teamed up with fashion designer Michael Bastian to create a watch humans would actually want to be seen wearing. But the company doesn’t have a great track record on this front, and poor distribution and high pricing mean few will wear it.
Then there’s the Apple Watch —a highly anticipated release that failed to generate any appreciable excitement when its awkward design was finally unveiled.
You may disagree with the particulars of these opinions, but the fact remains that poor design is a huge obstacle to mass adoption. A survey conducted last year by Modis found that only 34 percent of Americans who make more than $100,000 a year would consider buying or wearing a smartwatch or smart glasses. The figure rose to 47% when including consumers with an income of $35,000 or more, suggesting that price is far less of a factor than aesthetics.
Consumer Interest in Wearable Tech View Larger
According to a separate study recently conducted by PwC, only 42 percent of U.S. consumers say they would actually pay for a smartwatch, and that figure drops to 38 percent for fitness bands.
But these numbers reflect the wearables market as it currently stands—a market filled with oversized watches, plasticky bands, and clumsy glasses. The real promise—the utility that will make wearables commonplace—is in what you can do with the data these devices provide.
The same PwC survey that found most Americans have little interest in wearables also found that all the information consumers most desperately want from wearables is health-related. Roughly three-quarters of respondents concurrently stated they want wearables to help them exercise, collect and track medical data, and help them eat better.
In other words, consumers are saying, "Forget syncing with my phone—I want something that will make me healthier."
Many experts believe the design flaws endemic to wearables today will get smoothed out over time. “Wearables are sort of a novelty right now,” says Rohan Puri, a biomedical engineer and researcher at MIT’s Media Lab. “It’s a big buzzword, up there with Big Data and the Cloud. But I think we’re going to find interesting ways to use these devices, and we’re going to become more and more okay with having devices strapped to us all the time.”
LG's G Watch R is a refreshing standout in a market of hideous smartwatches.
The Promise of Big Data
You've probably heard of "Big Data," but what exactly does it mean? It's a buzzword, and like so many Silicon Valley buzzwords it refers to a nebulous concept that can be confusing to outsiders. But at its core, Big Data simply refers to a vast, cloud-based repository of data on everything that happens in our lives—from location tracking information, to financial transactions, to biometrics and more.
If that sounds pretty creepy, well... it is. But it's also the fuel driving the Internet of Things —the growing web of machine-to-machine communication that will one day lead to mass automation. It's the foundation of information required to build an autonomous, "smart" system—be it a smart home or a smart energy grid.
Today's wearable tech has only a surface-level relationship with Big Data, but that may soon change. Within a few years, wearables could transition from novelty gadgets into essential medical commodities, eventually becoming the brain of the connected, quantified self.
The Scout allows you to "check your health as easily as your email."
One of the earliest entrants in this field is the Scanadu Scout —a portable health monitor and diagnostic tool that's set to launch sometime in 2015.
On its website , Scanadu boasts that the Scout allows you to “check your health as easily as your email." The wallet-sized gizmo can monitor your temperature, blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation, ECG (electrocardiography), heart rate variability, and even stress. The company is currently working on a similar device that will provide comprehensive urine analysis.
The implications are profound. As a standalone consumer gadget, the Scout and products like it offer limited functionality—essentially, they provide more personalized information for late-night WebMD sessions. But over time, these devices will compile data from a huge number of users and devices and upload it to the cloud. Like a Wikipedia for medicine, that information could eventually become the largest, most comprehensive sample set of medical data that’s ever been produced.
“We are going to amass a wealth of data on ourselves, on our family, on the weather, on everything around us,” says Walter De Brouwer, co-founder and CEO of Scanadu. He believes this data will help us move from what he calls "outcomes"—conclusions like "I am sick"—to complete diagnoses that actually explain what's making us sick, and what we can do to prevent such infections in the future.
"Perhaps our diabetes is in correlation with our biking speed," he suggests. "Perhaps our stress factor goes together with our credit score.”
"We are going to amass a wealth of data on ourselves, on our family, on the weather, on everything around us."
In some ways, today's diagnostic methods are hardly more advanced than they were 100 years ago . As MIT’s Puri points out, doctors often rely on extremely limited data to make important diagnoses. For example, they might conduct a single study for a suspected case of sleep apnea—a cumbersome process that  requires dozens of sensors and on-location sleep examinations—and then make assessments based on the information produced by just a couple dozen individuals.
“And then they’ll say, okay here’s your diagnosis,” Puri says. His team is trying to create a wearable that can diagnose sleep apnea faster and more accurately than existing methods, but getting such a device approved can be difficult. “If you want to create a device that will be cleared by the FDA, you’ll need to go through hundreds of clinical trials, and you’ll want each one of those patients to give you a few samples.”
Rohan Puri, a biomedical researcher at MIT, has also worked with a health tech workshop called ReDx to design the mECG—a wearable heart monitoring system with companion mobile app.
He envisions a future where patients will wear these devices on their own time, passively accumulating a treasure trove of data that doctors can use to not only create individual diagnoses for each wearer, but also to compare each individual's case against the greater pool of sleep apnea cases. “It will give us something much more statistically relevant,” he explains—something superior to a diagnosis based solely on qualitative observations or a doctor's personal experience.
In some ways, today's diagnostic methods are hardly more advanced than they were 100 years ago.
But it's not just fringe startups and MIT researchers who are innovating in wearable tech. Philips, perhaps best known in the U.S. for its light bulbs, is another early entrant in the field.
The Dutch multinational recently restructured, splitting off its lighting business and merging its healthcare and electronics divisions—a revealing move that signals the growing importance of healthcare in consumer tech. In October, it followed that up by unveiling a wearable digital biosensor designed to record the biometric data of patients suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), the third-leading cause of death in the U.S. The device is part of a larger family of biosensors designed for remote patient monitoring.
A still from a demo video indicating what the Philips COPD monitor app may look like.
According to Philips’ head of marketing Manu Varma, these types of devices allow patients to transition from a highly monitored, high-care hospital environment to the more comfortable environs of their own homes. As sensors and wearable devices become cheaper and more diverse, the wealth of data that hospitals are already accruing will be contextualized by more casual, consumer-derived health information.
“Depending on the population you’re looking at, all types of devices have a role in the future,” he says. “With wearable technologies we don’t see Big Data there yet. But I think it’s absolutely going to be a component in the future, because it’s rising exponentially.”
"By coordinating care through technology, you can reduce waste and cut healthcare costs."
Perhaps most importantly, this automation of medical diagnostics lessens the strain on both physicians and budgets. “By coordinating care through technology, you can reduce waste and cut healthcare costs," Varma said.
Still there's the problem of compatibility. Most of the data produced by these devices—including more well-known ventures like Apple Health and the recently announced Google Fit—are siloed in proprietary apps and programming interfaces. Some data makes its way to the cloud, but a lot is kept behind.
Microsoft wants to change all that. In October, the company launched its own heath service , simply called "Health." Unlike most other fitness platforms, Health—and its accompanying Band wearable—is entirely cloud-based and available on Android, Windows Phone, and iOS devices. It's designed to collect data from watches, fitness bands, phones, and any other motion sensor or accelerometer your device may employ.
By uniting this data, Microsoft believes it can become the primary repository for the world's health data, and in the process merge the disparate worlds of medical and consumer wearables.
Microsoft's Health Band works with iPhone, Android, and Windows Phone.
Wearables and the Home of the Future
On top of compatibility issues, fitness bands and activity trackers have another annoying issue: inconsistency.
There have been several different studies that have measured the uniformity of data across a variety of activity trackers, and each has revealed glaring inconsistencies. A question emerges: What’s the point of a fitness band if the information it records can’t be trusted?
What’s the point of a fitness band if the information it records can’t be trusted?
Jonathan Collins, a principal analyst at ABI Research, points out that, unlike medical-grade devices like the Scanadu Scout, fitness bands have virtually no technical guidelines or regulatory oversight to help ensure you'll get accurate results.
But Collins also argues that, at least in some cases, bad data can be better than no data at all. In short, he suggests that there's information now where there previously wasn't, and “the more people understand or care about that information, the more it can be used.” Over time, the metrics will improve and the data will begin to align from device to device.
While personal health is a major driver of wearable tech, it's not the only avenue for innovation. Much of the same data collected for medical purposes can be repurposed to make domestic or even municipal systems more efficient. Eventually, experts say, we'll see fitness bands, smart watches, and even AR glasses that sync with smart home systems, traffic grids, and other aspects of our urban infrastructure.
Activity trackers like the Jawbone UP saturate the market, but they're only the beginning.
“The thing that’s exciting is the interaction between these devices and other systems,” Collins says. “You’ll have the ability to connect popular wearables and activity devices to your home automation system.”
For instance, your wearable could detect when you roll out of bed in the middle of the night and automatically turn on the lights in the bathroom. It could monitor your alarm clock and, over time, learn when to signal your coffee-maker to begin brewing. Or it could notice you're falling asleep in front of the TV, bookmark the point in the program when you dozed off, and then turn the screen off to save power.
Puri notes that some of these capabilities are already emerging. He points to algorithmic personal assistants like Google Now, which is able to parse through all of your online data—including Gmail messages, Google search history, and Google Drive documents—to intelligently provide you with relevant contextual information on the fly.
Many expect the early adopters of medical-grade wearables won't be tech-savvy millennials or even Gen Xers, but rather aging Baby Boomers.
Future versions of this virtual personal assistant tech could, for example, note that you’re running and that that you have a meeting in five minutes. It could then autonomously text your colleagues to let them know you’ll be late. If, on the other hand, it notices you've been sitting around an awful lot, it could nag you to stand up and get some exercise.
“If you have a device which is on you 12, 15 hours a day, and the information it’s giving you includes everything from oxygen saturation to blood pressure, then you’ll have a lot more contextual information,” Puri says. “I think contextual awareness is the future of wearables on the consumer side.”
The Heart and Soul
What Puri describes is the premise of the Internet of Things writ large, but it’s made all the more personal and interactive by wearables. In the future, your wearable device may become the brain that informs your automated environment.
In the long run, the internet may be a mere footnote in the larger story of Big Data and the quantified self.
It’s a nifty concept, but the heart and soul of the technology still lies in healthcare and personal wellness. For that reason, many expect that the early adopters of medical-grade wearables won't be tech-savvy millennials or even Gen Xers, but rather aging Baby Boomers.
“For that population, being able to quantify how they’re doing could make a big difference in figuring out how much care they need, and enabling the right care at the right time,” says Philips' Varma.
Scanadu’s De Brouwer agrees, even going so far as to suggest that the internet may end up as a mere footnote in the larger story of Big Data, the quantified self, and the healthcare revolution these systems could foster.
“This will be [the Boomers’] last and biggest mission,” De Brouwer says. “Because everyone wants to talk about healthcare, and everyone wants to talk about their health. It’s a very passionate and romantic moment in the 21st century.”

Maharashtra government to cut non-plan expenditure by 40 pct  says Eknath KhadseBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
As part of its austerity measure aimed at reducing fiscal deficit, Maharashtra government today announced to slash the non-plan expenditure by 40 per cent.
“There is a fiscal deficit of Rs 26,000 crore, hence the government has decided to effect a 40 percent cut in non-plan expenditure till the State Budget Session in March next year,” Revenue Minister Eknath Khadse told reporters here on the eve of the Winter Session of Maharashtra Legislature.
The erstwhile Congress-NCP government had adopted a similar practice with 20 per cent cut in non-plan expenses, although they had never made an announcement to that effect, he said.
On drought and farmers’ suicide, the minister said, “The government was concerned over farmers’ suicides and drought- like situation looming large over 19,024 villages in parts of state. The crop of cotton, soya in Vidarbha region suffered due to paucity of rains. We have taken decision to provide relief to farmers.”
Farmers will be given a 33.5 per cent waiver in electricity bills and their crop loan will be restructured. The farm labourers will be absorbed in the EGS work.
“Similarly those children of farmers, who are appearing for SSC and HSC exams, will not have to pay the examination fees for the same,” he said.
The BJP-Sena government is for ‘minimum government and maximum governance’ and will introduce one window-system for industries, where investment is less than Rs 100 crore and will be cleared within three days, he said.
“Development of Vidarbha will be a major issue for the government and implementation of Kelkar Committee on regional imbalances will be discussed in the House,” he said.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister Girish Bapat, Transport Minister Diwakar Raote, Industries Minister Subhash Desai, PWD Minister Eknath Shinde and Energy Minister Chandrashekhar Bawankule were also present.
TAGS: Maharashtra
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

SBI to take final call on $1b loan to Adani in 3 mthsSBI to take final call on $1b loan to Adani in 3 mths
US hands over top Taliban leader to PakistanUS hands over top Taliban leader to Pakistan
Sebi joins with RBI to check shady NBFCs stock dealsSebi joins with RBI to check shady NBFCs stock deals
Didi outshines others in foul language useComments
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language use.
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee addresses a TMC party meeting at Kalyani in Nadia district of West Bengal. (PTI Photo)
The latest episode happened a day after the CBI arrested Srinjoy Bose, Trinamool Congress MP.
While speaking to party workers on November 22, the CM said, “Ke tumi salla? Naam jane na keu. (Who are you bugger? No one knows your name),” while targeting a BJP leader.
On December 3, Banerjee once again crossed limits of decency in speech: “Nijeyra kortey pareyni, jara korchhey sharakkhon tadeyr pechhoney ki korey bamboo dewa jay tar chinta korey jachhey. (They couldn’t themselves work for the people, they are always trying to figure out how to shove bamboos up the... of those who are doing it).”
“Mamata is feeling threatened, and therefore, resorting to such language and behaviour,” BJP national secretary Siddharth Nath Singh claimed.
In June, TMC MP Tapas Paul had threatened to unleash his boys and rape women supporters of CPI(M). Food minister Jyotipriyo Mullick also asked his supporters to socially boycott CPI(M) workers, and even treat them as one treats venomous snakes.

Cab driver suspected of raping woman in Delhi arrested in MathuraCab driver suspected of raping woman in Delhi arrested in Mathura
Indian entrepreneurs need to be bolder  less shy: Zack WeisfeldIndian entrepreneurs need to be bolder, less shy: Zack Weisfeld
Itika Sharma Punit & Anita Babu |  Dec 08, 2014 12:30 AM IST
Zack Weisfeld, head, Microsoft Ventures Europe and Global Accelerator Programme, has been called one of the 10 most influential Israelis in the world of technology by Business Insider this year. An apt assessment of the 42-year-old, who has been a serial entrepreneur and an investor in the course of his exciting corporate career, and is now mentoring entrepreneurs and start-up teams in Bengaluru, Beijing, Tel-Aviv, Berlin, London and Paris. On the sidelines of an event to announce the graduation of the fifth batch of Microsoft's accelerator programme in India, Weisfeld spoke to Itika Sharma Punit and Anita Babu about how the Indian start-up ecosystem fairs against other countries.
How do you think India's start-up ecosystem fairs vis-a-vis countries like the US and Israel?
I think India has great technologists and many of those I have met here are world class. They compare with many great entrepreneurs that I have seen around the world. But there are a few areas that they could do better in. From my experience, they need to be bolder about what they do. I think it is something about the culture that stops them from being more forthright, which can be good and bad in different ways.
Could you elaborate on this?
At very early stage of our accelerator programme, we do this process called "customer development". We call the start-ups and tell them that no one in the world wants to use what they are building. It is tough to hear that because you have just been accepted for the programme. But the fact with start-ups is that it takes you a couple of years to build a product which customers are willing to pay for. So we try to put a mirror to them, and ask them to go out, talk to people and learn before getting back and strengthening their products.
In the US, the feedback we get from entrepreneurs is, "Thank you very much, we have learnt a lot". In Tel-Aviv, usually we hear things like "You have no idea what you are talking about and we know much better". But when we do this process here in India, we have had cases where entrepreneurs start getting offended and they start crying. It's like you just told them that their baby is ugly. So we are adapting this process culturally now for India. But entrepreneurs need to understand that it's a tough world out there and so they need to be prepared.
Based on interactions with other ecosystems, what do you think is the world's view on Indian start-ups?
In many circles, India is still perceived strong only in the information technology services space. But now it's taking the next global step with start-ups. If we compare it to that from a couple of years ago, India was far ahead of China. But now China has been growing very fast, especially when it comes to funding. India is perceived as an early stage ecosystem. I usually don't get a question on why India. Certainly it makes a lot more sense because of some great Indian entrepreneurs in the US and other places. There's a long runway here, there's room to grow here.
What are your observations about the investment environment for start-ups in India?
There are certain ecosystem pieces in India that need to see some evolution. I think there are ways to go with the investors. I am still learning why is that the cycles of investment take longer here in India than some other countries. Also, there is a lot of money but it does not come from the good investors, which means several investors here are too predatory and ask for constant reporting. Entrepreneurs need free space to do things on their pace. There is also impatience about breaking-even, which is more like an e-commerce start-up and less for breakthrough technologies. But I think these cycles will shorten much faster because the world is changing fast.
Some people ask if there is a bubble in the start-up ecosystem in India. What do you think?
When I look at other ecosystems and then I look at India, I don't think there is any bubble. While I am trying to learn why investments are slower here, the feedback I get is that although there is a big information technology (IT) sector here, companies here are not usually early adopters of new technologies. That is a shame because it then takes longer to get your first customer and to get your first test stories. I hope that the ecosystem will evolve and change gears.
M&A is a big focus for start-ups in India. Do you think that is a parameter to gauge the health of the ecosystem?
Mergers and acquisitions is probably one of the parameters that can be used. A good parameter could be traction and long-term success, clients, etc. However, we are in a competitive world and accelerators across the world measure themselves on amount of funding raised by their graduates. It's not bad because if you are doing something people would want to invest money.
Is Microsoft Ventures localising for India in any way?
We act locally according to what is relevant for the local ecosystem. The India team has been experimenting a lot of things outside of the blueprint. For example, the Accelerator Plus programme. Our programme in India is one of the successful ones and we are very happy from the results.

Maruti Gypsy gets repeat order from Army  4 100 thistimeWritten by Sandeep Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:15 am
The Indian Army has placed an order for over 4,100 units of the Maruti Gypsy, the biggest order for the car till date, giving a new lease of life to one of the earliest sports utility vehicles (SUV) that has evolved little since its launch in 1985.
The previous order from the Army was for around 1,000 vehicles in 2012. The current order was placed three months ago, and Maruti has already delivered half the number to the Army, while the remaining would be delivered in around four months.
The Army’s first order for the Gypsy was in 1991, and since then, Maruti Suzuki India has sold 31,000 of the vehicles to the force.
“Army has some specific requirements and they need additional accessories. We tweak those specifications even though it involves a lot of effort on our part in terms of engineering and production. We are glad they have shown trust in us with repeat orders,” said RS Kalsi, executive director and head of domestic sales and marketing at Maruti Suzuki India.
The Gypsy is customised for the Army with special accessories. A source said that the cars have convoy lights, which emits a green ray that the soldiers follow at the time of black-out in a war situation. Among other things, the cars are also provided with hooks in the rear for towing military equipment such as large guns and inside for mounting weapons.
There has also been demand from the Air Force, Navy, paramilitary forces and BSF but the numbers from them have been significantly lower as compared to that from the Army. “They order 50-100 vehicles in batches,” said Kalsi.
The 4-wheel drive, petrol Gypsy has been left out by the competition in the SUV market. Several factors have been responsible — such as the lack of a diesel variant.
Sales of the model over the last few years have been insignificant, but company officials say that the Gypsy is still popular with sports enthusiasts and rally drivers.
Having seen little change in terms of appearance, the Gypsy has lost out among current SUV buyers who are torn between compact stylish vehicles and big and powerful models with specs to match.
The car, however, seems to hold some appeal in the Bollywood. A company source said that actor Sohail Khan recently bought a Gypsy that was fully customised for him and drove it in the Himalayan Rally. Another Bollywood customer was John Abraham who also got his fully customised.

Stalled infrastructure projects set for a bigpushWritten by Shaji Vikraman , George Mathew | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:14 am
The Securities and Exchange Board of India is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than the six-month average price of the stock in listed companies whose projects especially in the infrastructure sector are being restructured.
This is part of a wider effort by policy makers led by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to get these projects back on track.
Following talks between Sebi and RBI, a proposal is underway seeking to provide a special dispensation only for banks to convert part of their loan exposure to troubled or stalled infrastructure projects at a price lower than the market.
This may be allowed only if the restructuring has the explicit or implicit approval of the central bank, senior officials said. The RBI had approached the capital market regulator to seek a new pricing formula as it reckons that some of the projects are valuable resources.
As current rules allow conversion of loans into equity only at a price higher than the prevailing market price given the Sebi norm of  a six-month average, banks have lost money in a few cases, notably Kingfisher Airlines. This has prompted a review of rules now.
Banks can now own only upto 10 per cent of the equity in a restructured project.
The capital market regulator is broadly in agreement with this provided the projects are those which form part of a scheme for stalled infrastructure projects or is vetted by the central bank, senior officials said. The difference between the lower price for such conversion and the market price will provide some flexibility to banks which have been hit by rising bad loans.
“We don’t want the price to be too low… then the value gets transferred from minority shareholders. We don’t want the value to be too high, then the value gets transferred from the banks, “RBI Governor, Raghuram Rajan had said last week after the monetary policy review. Bankers have been complaining that the six-month average price was a major road-block in the restructuring process.
Figures compiled by the finance ministry show that 371 projects with a investment Rs 18,47,266 crore are pending for resolution with the Project Monitoring Group (PMG) of the government.
This has also led to a fall in new project investments in the country. State-owned banks which funded these projects predominantly are already saddled with Rs 2,43,043 crore of bad loans — which is 5.32 per cent of their advances.
In an inter-action with a select group of print media journalists last week, Rajan said that many of these projects are in deep trouble and will need new infusion of funds. “ Unless the capital structure is continued…

In warmup for 2015  Bihar BJP camps inJharkhandWritten by Santosh Singh | Patna |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:08 am
Over 100 BJP leaders from Bihar, all the top ones included, have been camping in Jharkhand since the first phase of the elections there to “prepare the ground for victory” in the 2015 polls in their own state.
They include Sushil Kumar Modi, Ravi Shankar Prasad, C P Thakur, Syed Shahnawaz Hussain, Ram Kripal Yadav, Giriraj Singh and Radha Mohan Singh, besides scores of second-rung leaders who have been assisting their Jharkhand couterparts in their campaign against the Hemant Soren government and also against the Congress-RJD alliance.
“Jharkhand, being our neighbouring state, will surely have a bearing on the Bihar polls. A victory in Jharkhand will give us a psychological boost and put the opposition on the backfoot,” Bihar BJP vice president and spokesperson Sanjay Mayukh told The Indian Express.
Asked if sending over 100 Bihar leaders was an acknowledgment of a weak cadre in Jharkhand, Mayukh said Bihar’s team had only added to the strength of Jharkhand’s workforce. Sushil Modi and Shahnawaz, incidentally, have mocked former Bihar CM Nitish Kumar for “not daring to campaign in Jharkhand for fear of losing”.

Two Hindu-majority villages not interested inBJPWritten by Mir Ehsan | Agama (uri) |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:03 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 1:04 am
Lagama and Bandi, close to the Line of Control in Uri, are Hindu-majority villages but neither seem swayed by the BJP’s efforts to score its best electoral performance ever in Kashmir.
Red, green and white banners and billboards of the NC, the Congress and the PDP have set up an election atmosphere in the twin villages, situated on the national highway 5 km from Uri. Leaders of these parties are campaigning from door to door to meet the 4,000-odd voters here, of whom an estimated 80 per cent are Hindus.
Unlike in other places of the Valley, from where Hindus migrated soon after the start of militancy, people here insisted on staying on even when shells fired from across the LoC landed in these villages and damaged dozens of houses.
Uri has being represented by a Congress MLA for the last two terms. The BJP has fielded a Muslim candidate, former Congressman Mushtaq Ahmad. Not that fielding a Hindu would have made a difference, if one takes at face value the secular credentials some of the villagers flaunt.
“We don’t believe in divisive politics and you won’t find mass support for the BJP here,’’ says Devender Kumar, who sells tea at a small kiosk on the national highway at Lagama. “People from our community have been voting either for the Congress or for the National Conference. This time the PDP too is an option,” he says. He notes, though, that people who have migrated from Uri to Jammu might prefer the BJP.
His wife, Manisha, says BJP leaders from Jammu and other parts of the country have been camping in the valley but haven’t visited these two villages. “They (BJP leaders) know that Hindus living here will never vote for them,” she says.
Angat Kumar Raina, a retired revenue officer, says the BJP won only 40 votes from the two villages last time. “I am sure they will not increase their count,’’ he says.
Two prominent members of the villages’ Hindu community, Bharat Kumar and Master Ashok, are campaigning for the NC and the Congress in other parts of Uri. “We have been getting calls from our relatives in Jammu and elsewhere that we should vote for the BJP. But we will not.”
Locals say that even during the recent parliamentary elections, they preferred the PDP and the NC. “For decades, we have been living here in peace; nobody talks about communal politics. Recently some local BJP leaders asked us to vote for the party as it belongs to Hindus, but nobody took them seriously,’’ says Naresh Sharma, a contractor in Bandi village. “We will only vote for the BJP once our Muslim neighbours start voting for them.”
There is, however, a sense of anti-incumbency. “Our Congress legislator has failed to redress our grievances. Other than the BJP, we can vote continued…

New plan body: PM Modi invokes Manmohan to break Cong resistanceNew plan body: PM Modi invokes Manmohan to break Cong resistance
Top six cos lose Rs 54 053 crore in market valuationTop six cos lose Rs 54 053 crore in market valuation
Have a good week end boss..684 Followers
aindia...is known China is suffering from huge over capacity
& bad loans ...is due to the centralized model of planning mis-allocating resources in a big way ..we too need to be careful ...some of the plans we have bullet trains , big statues , smart cities too are over the top , will give negative or zero returns ....we can do well just by adding more capacity ,  relieving congestion & releasing bottle necks & making things simpler for business ...people still  have to travel in train toilets here on booked tickets , half the city lives in slums with no services at all , should be the priority for now  ...rgds

Sustaining below 8530 will confirm downside target of 8460/8370 in fur...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Decreaseing open interst 6.6% on friday long unwinding buy sslt fut if...Silver Member
5 Followers
Decreaseing open interst 6. 6% on friday long unwinding buy sslt fut if go fridays hi 246 short covering happen for target 248,251,258 other wise buy near support 236,232 stoploss 230
1.24 AM Dec 8th

Guys..i am not an technical analyst or chart reader...a pure sentiment...97 Followers
Reposted about 4 days 17 hrs 37 min 54 sec ago by Still The Best
avnishid...Good sarcasm, but you should realise that I said 12 when SJ at 21, watch tommorow and day after...!
I said 17 it fell in just 2 days.
I am saying 8 is the safest bet for SJ, and I am sure no one disagrees...!
In reply to : avnishid message
1.16 AM Dec 8th

India-Russia to discuss delayed advanced fighter jet project on the eve of Putin s visitIndia-Russia to discuss delayed advanced fighter jet project on the eve of Putin's visit
Press Trust Of India | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 12:22 AM IST
Ahead of Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit to India this week, the two countries will hold talks on Tuesday to iron out differences on the much delayed joint multi-billion dollar Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft (FGFA) project.
Defence sources said the talks between Indian and Russian officials are being held as both the countries are keen to go ahead with the FGFA. Putin is scheduled to arrive in New Delhi the on Wednesday.
However, there are issues on which both sides have not arrived at a consensus. The sources said that it is "unlikely" that the contract would be signed during Putin's visit.
"There are issues that exist. Talks were held earlier too but nothing concrete has emerged so far," the source said. Currently, the final design and research and development contracts are under negotiations between the two countries.
The preliminary design agreement on FGFA had been signed in 2010 to build the jet for use by both countries. But the final R&D contract, which was to be signed by 2012, is still to be finalised.
Though India is investing 50 per cent of the cost of the multi-billion dollar programme, its work share in the R&D and other aspects has come down to near 13 per cent,
Sources said this will impact India's indigenous capabilities to develop advanced fighter aircraft.They also said that there are issues related to other aspects of the plane too.
The FGFA project is based on the Russian Air Force's Sukhoi T-50 PAK-FA platform. The Indian version will be tweaked to add some more advanced features. The total programme is expected to cost India about $25-30 billion.
IAF Chief, Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha recently acknowledged that some issues regarding Indian work-share in the programme need to be resolved.
The FGFA is a long-term acquisition that would take at least eight years from the signing of the contract

15 Awkward Sports Moments That ll Make You Glad You re Not A Pro Athletereddit
Admit it: At one point or another, you probably dreamed of being a professional athlete.
In studies , kids have ranked pro sports players as the most important people in their lives other than their parents, so it makes sense. Plus, athletes have fame, glory, they drive Ferraris and they even win ESPY awards. Yep, being a pro sounded pretty great.
Then the real world hit ...
Don't feel too badly. Becoming an elite athlete is tough. Besides, it's not all touchdown dances and victory parades. Sports pros are always getting bugged by the media and fans. Every misstep on and off the field is dissected and remembered. The worst thing about being an athlete might just be the fact that their most awkward moments happen in front of everyone.
Yeah, it would be awesome to be a pro athlete, but here are 15 moments that'll make you glad you're not one:
When you're the only one who wants to high five
Giphy
Tom Brady gets no love during a Saints game.
And you still don't get the whole fist bump thing
Giphy
Hopefully, Jeremy Lin and Kobe Bryant have worked on their handshakes.
Then things get really awkward
YouTube
Kacey Musgraves left Tim Tebow hanging at the CMAs.
When you forget how to do your sport
YouTube
Mike Machuga gets his fingers stuck in his ball at the Greater Omaha Classic.
Or you just can't even
Giphy
Toney Douglas had a rough day at work.
When you suddenly lose all athletic ability
Cheezburger/Giphy
Packers' John Kuhn fails at the Lambeau Leap.
Or just your pants
Andreas Harto dropped trou for a shot on the edge of a water hazard.
When bubble gum becomes the most frustrating thing ever
Cheezburger/Giphy
Gum can sometimes get the best of you.
But not as frustrating as putting on a hat
Giphy/BickGifs
Matt Cassel trying to look smooth after forgetting how to put on a hat.
When someone touches you and the world ends
Cheezburger/Giphy
Bo Nielsen trying to win an Academy Award.
Or your life flashes before your eyes
Photobucket
Here's Jay Cutler realizing he's at a football game.
And, of course, butts are a problem
Giphy
Jonathan Villar getting tagged out in the worst way.
Yep. A real big problem
Giphy
Butt fumble . That is all.
A really, really big problem
TotalProSports
C.C. Sabathia helps Spider-Man swing into theaters.
Seriously though, doesn't anyone high five anymore?
Cheezburger/Giphy
Tom Brady knows the struggle is real.
Related on HuffPost:

Profit-taking halts 6-week party on Dalal StreetDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The benchmark indices ended marginally in the red on Friday ahead of the US jobs data. The markets ended their 6-week winning streak with the 50-unit S&P CNX Nifty ending 0.3% lower to 8,538.3 points and the BSE Sensex ending below the 28,500-mark.
On Friday, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold shares worth $17 million, while the domestic institutional investors bought $26.78 million, according to provisional data on the exchanges. In YTD, FIIs have bought more than $16 billion worth of shares.
On Friday, the 30-share BSE Sensex ended lower by 104.72 points or 0.4% to 28,458.1 points.  The market fall was led by declines in Dr Reddy’s Laboratories, which fell over 2.2%. Export-oriented stocks were under pressure as the rupee showed some recovery. TCS (-2.2%), Sun Pharma (-2.2%), Wipro (-2.19%), Cipla (-1.7%) and Infosys (-1.5%) were among the major Sensex losers. The rupee rebounded 0.24% to end at 61.78 against the dollar.
It was a dismal week, with the benchmark indices retreating for 4 out of 5 sessions and the BSE Sensex ending lower by 0.8% or 235.89 points. On Monday, the markets ended 0.5% lower as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left the key rates unchanged.
Among its peers, most of the Asian markets edged higher on Friday. The Shanghai Composite rose the most with 1.4% gains. The Nikkei (0.2%), Straits Times (0.6%), Jakarta Composite (0.2%) and Hang Seng (0.7%) all ended in the green. Key European indices were trading in the green at 7.35 pm IST.
Back home, 22 of the 30 Sensex stocks ended in the red on Friday. In the broader market, breadth was weak with 1,603 stocks traded on the BSE ending lower compared with 1,358 advances. Most of the 12 BSE sectoral indices ended in the red. The BSE IT (1.8%), BSE Healthcare (-1.4%), BSE Oil & Gas (-0.6%) and BSE Capital Goods (-0.4%) were among the major losers.
The NSE cash turnover on Friday stood at R17,152.4 crore, while the turnover in the F&O segment stood at R1.28 lakh crore.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

No incremental change in Infys strategy: Ambit Capital'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
Infosys’ management reiterated its medium-to-long-term target of achieving industry-leading revenue growth (15-18%) and margins (25-28%).
It also retained its near-term margin guidance of 24-26%. The company plans to achieve this through the “renew-new-education” approach, i.e. renew existing capabilities, build new ones and educate employees on new methodologies.
There was no incremental change in the strategy highlighted in the post-results conference call and hence we remain sellers. We argue that whilst the turnaround appears to be priced in (just 18% valuation discount to TCS despite lower revenue growth), the odds are significantly against this (low exposure to fast growing segments, weakened market positioning in key segments, same strategy as Infosys 3.0 which failed in the past).
Sikka reiterated that Infosys aims to achieve industry-leading growth and margins by FY17. Although the company said that it would enumerate the outlays required for its new initiatives during April 2015, it retained margin guidance of 24-26%.
Amongst the verticals, continued weakness was seen in the retail, telecom and life sciences during the quarter. Further, due to decline in global commodity prices, energy and utilities and mining have been soft.
The company said that early indications suggest that client budgets for 2015 will be the same or marginally lower as the current year.
By Ambit Capital
TAGS: Infosys
More from markets
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

Pidilite to gain from pick-up in demand: CitiDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
We initiate ‘buy’ on Pidilite Industries, a pioneer in consumer and specialty chemicals used in home construction and maintenance in India.
Although the stock is up 60% YTD, we expect a further re-rating as earnings ramp up to 25% CAGR on rising demand from India’s growing middle-class and as margins widen on falling input costs.
Pidilite enjoys strong pricing power due to its product portfolio, well-established brands and distribution reach, being the only pan-India player in a highly fragmented national market. Relatively heavy spending on R&D and marketing have created a competitive moat for the company that is unlikely to be breached.
Falling raw material prices are a near-term catalyst. Cost of goods (CoGS), which is 50% of Pidilite’s revenue, is almost entirely from different derivatives of crude oil. Recent sharp fall in crude prices, together with operating leverage and an improved overseas performance, will boost the EBITDA margin by an expected 325 bps over FY14-17e. Further declines in crude prices offer margin upside risk.
Rising growth in the consumer segment (80% of revenue), along with a continuing recovery in the industrial segment (20% of revenue), should deliver FY14-17e CAGRs of 17% for consolidated revenue, 25% for EBITDA and 25% for PAT, with RoCE/RoE averaging 25%/ 27% over FY15-17e. Our target price of R610 is set at 35x March 17e EPS.
More from indianmarkets

Editorial: Cultivating deficitsBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
When the government said it would sell 10 million tonnes of wheat through open market sales—and 5 million tonnes of rice through the ration shops—it wasn’t just an inflation-control measure, though the impact on prices would have been significant. For one, it would help free up storage space that FCI so desperately needs before the next lot of stocks start coming in April—at peak stock levels, FCI has just around 55-60% of the storage it needs; open storage means there is a lot of rotting as well as theft. More important, it would free up valuable funds for the budget. As compared to the 15 million tonnes the government was supposed to liquidate by April, only around 2.5 million has been offloaded so far. The extra stocks are worth R22,000-23,000 crore, a tidy sum especially at a time when the budget is in serious deficit. When you do the same exercise for the 30 million tonnes of extra stock FCI has as compared to what it needs for the buffer, the costs get truly huge.
More important, the government needs to fix accountability. If a target of selling 10 million tonnes of wheat and 5 million tonnes for rice was set, there has to be a plan for achieving it. Right now, the terms set for open market sales of wheat do not include transport costs from Punjab. So, if a buyer wants the stock in Cochin, say, it is cheaper to procure the grain from the open market in Madhya Pradesh. Any policy of disposing grain has to look at the costs of holding on to it, and then pencil in appropriate discounts to make the deal attractive. It was the same lethargic bureaucratic functioning that ensured India lost an opportunity to export wheat. Till a few months ago, global wheat prices were still ruling at $320-330 per tonne as compared to $225 per tonne today. Given India’s current wheat prices are around $267 a tonne, a golden chance to export 15-20 million tonnes has been lost. Not only is that good money that India has lost, the grain will now have to be carried for another few years, adding to costs, especially when the storage losses are taken into account—the average tenure of wheat held by FCI in Punjab is two years.
The government would also do well to look at the results of an ICRIER working paper by Shweta Saini and Marta Kozicka on the distortions created by FCI’s inefficiency—in the case of paddy, for instance, while the MSP is R1,310 per quintal, FCI’s rice costs end up at somewhere between R2,210 and R2,396 per quintal. Based on the National Sample Survey results, the authors point out that, of the states with a poverty ratio of more than 30%, less than 20% of the total consumption is met through the PDS. In other words, while the population of these states benefits from the lower PDS offtake price, it pays a higher price for the remaining 80% of its consumption due to the distortions caused by FCI’s operations. Someone needs to be looking at the larger picture while taking responsibility for it as well.
TAGS: FCI
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Columns: The end of the oil ageMake in India needs a tax boost
The 40% plunge in oil prices since July, when Brent crude peaked at $115 a barrel, is almost certainly good news for the world economy; but it is surely a crippling blow for oil producers. Oil prices below $70 certainly spell trouble for US and Canadian shale and tar-sand producers and also for oil-exporting countries such as Venezuela, Nigeria, Mexico and Russia that depend on inflated oil revenues to finance government spending or pay foreign debts. On the other hand, the implications of lower oil prices for the biggest US and European oil companies are more ambiguous and could even be positive.
In fact, the shareholders of oil majors such as Exxon, Chevron, Shell, BP and Total could be among the biggest beneficiaries of the price slump, if it forces their corporate managements to abandon some of the bad habits they acquired in the 40-year oil boom when OPEC first established itself as an effective cartel in January 1974. If this period of cartelised monopoly pricing is now ending, as Saudi Arabia has strongly hinted in the past few weeks, then it is time to refocus on some basic principles of resource economics that Big Oil managements have ignored for decades, to their shareholders’ enormous cost.
The most important of these principles is “diminishing returns”: The more oil that corporate geologists discover, the lower the returns their shareholders can hope to achieve, because new reserves will almost invariably be more expensive to develop than the ones discovered earlier that were, almost by definition, more accessible. This inherent flaw in the oil companies’ business model was disguised for the past 40 years by the fact that oil prices rose even faster than the costs of exploration and production. But this is where a second economic principle now starts to bite.
Unless a market is totally dominated by monopoly power, prices will be set by the most efficient supplier’s marginal costs of production—in layman’s terms, by the cost of producing an extra barrel from oil reserves that have already been discovered and developed. In a fully competitive market, the enormous sums of money invested in exploring for new oil fields could not be recovered until all lower-cost reserves ran dry and there would be no point in exploring for anywhere outside the Middle Eastern and central Asian oilfields where the oil is easiest to pump.
That is, of course, an over-simplification. In the real world of geopolitical conflicts and transport and infrastructure bottlenecks, consumers want energy security and will pay premium prices for supplies from their own oil-fields or from those that belong to trusted allies. Nevertheless, the broad principle applies: The vast sums spent on exploring and developing new reserves with production costs much higher than in Middle East oilfields will never be recovered if the oil market becomes even vaguely competitive.
Considering that Western companies spend about $450 billion annually on exploration and development according to the Ernst & Young oil reserves study, this could be one of the worst capital misallocations in history. The fact is that Western producers can never match the costs of oil pumped by Saudi Aramco, or even Rosneft or other state-owned companies with exclusive access to the world’s most accessible reserves. While Exxon or BP must spend billions drilling through Arctic ice-caps or exploring 5 miles under the Gulf of Mexico, the Saudis can pump oil from their deserts with machines not much more expensive than old-fashioned “nodding donkeys.”
In a competitive market, the rational strategy for Western oil companies would be stop all exploration, while continuing to provide technology, geology and other profitable oilfield services to the nationalised owners of readily-accessible reserves. The vast amounts of cash generated by selling oil from existing low-cost reserves already developed could then be distributed to shareholders until these low-cost oilfields ran dry. This strategy of self-liquidation could be described euphemistically as “running the business for cash” in the same way as tobacco companies or closed insurance funds.
There are two reasons why this hasn’t happened thus far. First, OPEC has sheltered Western oil companies from diminishing returns and marginal-cost pricing by keeping prices artificially high through output restraint and limited expansion of cheap Middle Eastern oilfields (strictures reinforced by wars and sanctions in Iraq and Iran). Second, oil company managements have believed with quasi-religious fervour in perpetually rising oil demand. Therefore finding new reserves seemed more important than maximising cash distributions to shareholders.
The second assumption could soon be overturned, as suggested by rumours of a takeover bid for BP. If private equity investors could raise the $160 billion needed to buy BP, they could liquidate for cash a company whose proven reserves of 10.05 billion barrels would be worth $350 billion even after another 50% price decline.
But what of the first condition? The Saudis would surely want to stabilise prices at some point by limiting production, but the target prices may now be considerably lower than previously assumed. The Saudis seem to have realised that by ceding market share to other producers they risk allowing much of their oil to become a worthless “stranded asset” that can never be sold or burnt. With the global atmosphere approaching its carbon limits and technological progress gradually reducing the price of non-fossil fuels, the Bank of England warned this week that some of the world’s oil reserves could become “stranded assets,” with no market value despite the huge sums sunk into the ground by oil companies, their shareholders and banks.
The Saudis are well aware of this risk. Back in the 1970s, Sheikh Zaki Yamani, the wily Saudi oil minister used to warn his compatriots not to rely forever on selling oil: “The stone age didn’t end because the cave-men ran out of stones.” Maybe the end of the “oil age” is now approaching, and the Saudis have understood this better than Western oil-men.
TAGS: OPEC
More from fecolumnist
Column: Look beyond inflation-targeting By not reducing policy rates, RBI is, in effect, dampening investment and, consequently, employment generation...

Jewell profoundly disappointed by Defense bill land swapLAS VEGAS — Interior Secretary Sally Jewell on Saturday criticized a last-minute addition to a major defense policy bill that would hand 2,400 acres of land in Arizona to an Australian mining corporation.
Interior Secretary Sally Jewell speaking at the Colorado Capitol in Denver on Nov. 21. (David Zalubowski/AP)
The land, part of the Tonto National Forest in Arizona, sits atop one of the nation’s largest copper deposits. It would be given to Resolution Copper, a subsidiary of Rio Tinto, the London- and Melbourne-based mining behemoth that produces aluminum, iron, copper, uranium, coal and other commodities across the globe.
But the land also includes sites sacred to the San Carlos Apache tribe, including Apache Leap, where warriors once leapt to their deaths rather than being killed or captured by U.S. troops moving west through the frontier.
The proposed land exchange had failed several times before, including once in 2013 when House Republicans scheduled a vote while Native American leaders were meeting with White House officials in Washington. Tribal activists pressured lawmakers into spiking the vote.
But it returned again this week, in the final version of the National Defense Authorization Act, a must-pass bill that sets the nation’s defense policy. The exchange was among a handful of non-defense-related provisions in the bill, which would also create six new National Parks in states from Washington to Rhode Island to New Mexico, and 14 National Heritage Areas.
Jewell on Saturday called the land elements of the NDAA, many of which had been stalled in Congress for years, “a mixed bag.”
“I’m happy to see public lands bills make progress,” Jewell said. “The preference on public lands bills is that they go through a typical process of public lands bills and they get debate and discussion.”
But, she said of the Tonto National Forest land swap: “I think that is profoundly disappointing.”
Rio Tinto has been pushing for the land swap for years. The company says opening the area to copper mining will generate $61 billion in economic activity and 3,700 jobs over the next four decades, although environmentalists and those who oppose the deal dispute those numbers.
Reps. Paul Gosar (R-Ariz.) and Ann Kirkpatrick (D-Ariz.) backed a House version in 2013, and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said he would introduce companion legislation if it passed the House. The House passed the NDAA last week, and the Senate is expected to give final approval on Monday.
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

The Fast Lane: Thinner  lighter  but betterMake in India needs a tax boost
There’s a perfectly understandable human obsession to be thin, or thinner, which is way sexier than being fat or pudgy. It works better for women than men but thin is in, and has been for a while, regardless of the downside, which is to do with weight-loss programmes, from eating disorders to immunity protection. Turns out the weight loss issue is more to do with the gadgets that control our lives. The question is whether that comes with downsides as well? Look around you: your TV has shrunk, so it’s now a speck on the wall. Your PC is now a super-slim monitor that is difficult to see if viewed sideways. Printers took up an entire desk before, now we have portable Wi-Fi-enabled models that fit into a corner of your suitcase. There are digital projectors you could slip into your pocket. Speakers these days are the size of a golf ball. We can buy keyboards that fold up into something that looks like a handkerchief. The bottomline? The saving in terms of space has been a huge boon. Technology just gets better and better, making everything we own smaller and slimmer. The only consumer product that’s grown in size has been our cars, which is, again, just so they can accommodate all that technology.
Nothing illustrates the downsizing more than the gadgets that we carry around with us and use the most: our cellphones, tablets, e-readers and laptops. Apple has just launched its iPad Air 2 in India, and just the branding ‘Air’ suggests weightlessness. The full-page advertisement for the product emphasises the “thinner, lighter” theme. In terms of specifications, the iPad Air 2 is an astonishing 18% thinner than its predecessor and measures just 6.1 mm, a little more than Gionee’s ultra-thin Elife S 5.5, the thinnest phone in the world. It weighs 15 ounces. Apple launched its iPhone 6 in much the same way, marketing it as being lighter and thinner than the earlier model. In a piece in The Daily Dot, Mark Singleton wrote: “It’s possible Apple won’t be satisfied until their devices are purely two dimensional and blow away in a light breeze. Making products thinner and lighter can only take you so far.” Laptops have given way to ultrabooks, super-slim, ultra-light laptops. E-readers are now so slim and sleek, you only need one hand to read a book. Here’s my grouse: I love my gadgets as much as the next nerd, and if thin is in, so be it, but in the rush to make everything leaner and meaner, they all forget the one thing that keeps it all going—the battery. Lack of battery life impacts all the gadgets we use, and despite all the marketing hype, none of the hottest gadgets on the market has shown a marked improvement in battery life. There’s another problem. The latest iPhone 6 may be technologically a super-gadget, but Apple made it so slim that they were faced with ‘bendgate’, an issue that made headlines. When the gadget was first released, many customers complained that their phone was bending after being in someone’s backpocket—social media was abuzz with photos of bent phones and Apple took a PR hit before things quietened down.
Yet, it does strike at the heart of the problem. Technology is allowing producers to make gadgets smaller and smaller, but so slim that they are frighteningly fragile. Carrying around a gadget that weighs next to nothing means it is so much more likely to slip from your hand and cause an expensive accident, considering the price of premium phones and tablets these days. Sure, it works for business travellers. Executives may want the biggest seat on the plane, but the smaller the gadget, the better for obvious reasons. Here’s the thing. As our gadgets get slimmer, we need more of them. Most people these days carry around external battery packs to charge their phones, tablets and notebooks. The ones that charge three gadgets at a time can be bulky. There are phone cases that provide additional media storage for those who have a feature-rich boardroom presentation to make, with photos, videos, charts and files. There are laptop bags that use solar power to charge your device while on the move. Some executives will add external camera lenses for their smartphones, or the extendable rod for selfies. Basically, the slimmer our devices, the greater the need for accessories and wireless devices, including portable Bluetooth speakers or headphones to listen to our music. It’s not just the accouterments of business travel, but the ones we use in our daily lives that are an issue with some of us. Carrying around a gadget that weighs nothing and feels unsubstantial may look cool, but it doesn’t sit well with what they cost and the constant fear that they could slip and crash on the floor. Sleek gadgets are fine, but at least they should feel solid and safe rather than airy and weightless. I am certainly not comfortable with the idea of sitting in a public space reading War and Peace using just one hand. I predict a tipping point, quite literally, when gadgets get so slim that customers actually start to vanish, pun intended.
The writer is Group Editor, Special Projects & Features, The Indian Express
TAGS: Mobiles
More from fecolumnist
Column: Look beyond inflation-targeting By not reducing policy rates, RBI is, in effect, dampening investment and, consequently, employment generation...

From the discomfort zone: Socially disgracing womenMake in India needs a tax boost
When I was working with a European company that made different types of home cleaning products like sponge, cleaning duster, mop with stick and the like, I remember an accusation the brand got of being disrespectful to women. With the client we had devised a special mopping innovation where the handle’s manoeuvrability enabled easy cleaning and washing of the mop to reduce effort while increasing the comfort of home cleaning. It provided great consumer advantage. The advertising storyline used the tango dance. The stick represented the man, the mop the woman. The product achieved huge sales success within six months. Then one day, the client got a notice from the court that women were being abused as servants thereby degrading them. The ad had to be stopped within 48 hours. Even the product concept was questioned because in the tango dance, the woman, the mop here, does all the dirty work as a slave through complex dance steps, while the man, the stick, largely only provides the balance. However, the client could save the concept and the product while kicking out the advertisement. The big lesson we learnt was to be super-sensitive to not tamper on people’s sentiments and women’s dignity. The attack of women being insulted was not from activists, but the consumer forum. Just imagine the superior power consumers have in developed countries that the industry cannot do things any way they want.
Zapping the TV remote yesterday, I stumbled upon an edible oil advertisement on a regional Indian channel. The prospective bridegroom’s family was choosing the bride based on her cooking ability. Doubtful, scrutinising faces were shown to light up brightly when one by one they tasted her cooking. Great cooking quality was only happening due to the oil brand. The prospective bride’s family was shown surreptitiously paying thankful reverence to the oil brand for achieving this success. Isn’t it shocking how we socially ill treat our women to sell branded products? That the girl’s performance is judged as though a cook is being hired is bad enough. Add to this our unjust social system that debases the honour of women by accepting such a bride selection-elimination process. To top it all, here was this TV commercial blatantly demeaning the woman’s cooking competence while showing a heroic brand overcoming her shortcoming to make her a winner. The ad’s tone and manner may purport to be fun, but isn’t it a below-the-belt punch on women’s dignity? How can arranged marriages use women as merchandise to be selected on abilities that will provide comfort to the family choosing her?
I remember when I was about 10 years old, I was among my maternal uncle’s family who had gone to select a bride for him. The girl was very beautiful. I was the only child there, she was very attentive to me in another room. I quickly became fond of her and felt happy she would be my aunt. She was called to walk around and serve us all delicious food and sweets. I was looking forward to the marriage date, but after sometime I heard the marriage was not to be. I was very disappointed, but could not understand why. Much later, after I’d gone to France and was on a holiday trip home, while having some nostalgic conversation, I was shocked to discover the reason why she was rejected. When they had asked her to walk, it seems she took big bold steps which displayed her character to be very independent-minded. So it was assumed that she would not be a subservient daughter-in-law. You can’t imagine how ashamed I felt that my family could inflict such insult on women.
People in our country lack the courage to challenge scientific logic. They either fight, not debate or keep quiet. I squirm to see fairness cream advertising in India that disgracefully slurs women’s honour. Being the world’s most heterogeneous society with strong geographical change across the south, east, north and west, every Indian’s morphology and pigmentation obviously cannot be the same. Yet culturally, in every region, fairness is coveted. The ads emphasise how fair skin increases a girl’s confidence, lands her plum jobs and raises her marital fortunes. Skin lightening cosmetics have, year after year, played on the insecurities of people about their skin colour and created a R3,000-crore industry by 2014. As film stars are used to advertise these products, the film industry is largely responsible for propagating such social non-acceptance fears because of dark skin. How many heroines have you seen who are dark? Does it mean the role model for women in our country is fair heroines?
The earliest commercial fairness cream in India was made in 1919. In 1975, came an MNC whitening product that’s ruled monopolistically for several years to become a R1,000-crore brand. It seems 30% of fairness creams are secretly used by men, so from 2005, a special whitening product for self-doubting men promising them better prospects with lighter skin was successfully launched. Today many international cosmetics companies have joined the fray to entice women to become white. Millions of our people are below the poverty line or don’t have the money to take care of their skin through nutrition. Instead, they fall victim to such products for their skin troubles. Don’t whiteness promising companies realise how insulting their proposition is to women’s natural beauty? The Centre for Science and Environment says health is at stake, too, because about 44% of fairness creams marketed in India contain high toxic mercury levels that can eventually affect the nervous, digestive and immune systems, lungs, kidneys, skin and eyes. By quoting this NGO, I am, of course, not raising any issue of creams protecting skin from the sun’s ultra-violet rays.
Frankly, we don’t require activists to rebel against such disgraceful money-making activities. The consumer forum can stop such products that feed on people’s unsure sense of worth and horribly humiliate women. There are so many different angles that women in our country have to face disgraceful insults from. It’s a shame.
Shombit Sengupta is a global consultant on unique customer centricity strategy to execution excellence for top management. Reach him at www.shiningconsulting.com
More from fecolumnist
Column: Look beyond inflation-targeting By not reducing policy rates, RBI is, in effect, dampening investment and, consequently, employment generation...

Old laptop batteries could power slums in IndiaMany of the estimated 50 million lithium-ion laptop batteries discarded every year could provide electricity storage sufficient to light homes in developing countries.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Discarded laptop batteries still have enough life in them to power slums in India and other developing countries, a new study by IBM India has found.
The research presented at a conference in San Jose, US, analysed a sample of discarded batteries and found 70 per cent had enough power to keep an LED light on for more than four hours a day for a year.
According to researchers at IBM India, many of the estimated 50 million lithium-ion laptop batteries discarded every year could provide electricity storage sufficient to light homes in developing countries.
It is possible to combine LED lights with solar panels and rechargeable batteries, however, using discarded batteries could make the approach far cheaper, according to MIT Technology Review .
"The most costly component in these systems is often the battery," said Vikas Chandan, a research scientist at the lab's Smarter Energy Group , who led the project.
"In this case, the most expensive part of your storage solution is coming from trash," said Chandan.
The IBM group, working with a hardware R&D firm called RadioStudio, opened the discarded laptop battery packaging and extracted individual storage units called cells.
They then tested those individually to pick out the good ones, and recombined them to form refurbished battery packs.
After adding charging dongles as well as circuitry to prevent overheating, they gave them to five users in Bangalore who lived in slums or operated sidewalk carts.
Three months later, the users said the battery packs had worked well.

Philippines very vulnerable to climate change: GreenpeacePhilippines very vulnerable to climate change: Greenpeace
Inflows into equity MFs top Rs 43k cr in FY15Inflows into equity MFs top Rs 43k cr in FY15
Firstcry.com: Interactive kiosks at stores to boost salesFirstcry.com: Interactive kiosks at stores to boost sales
Sudipto Dey |  Dec 08, 2014 12:31 AM IST
Visitors to any of the 100 stores of Firstcry across cities would soon be able to order online from the 70,000 stock- keeping units of the company with the help of store managers, armed with touch-screen terminals.
The baby and child care products company, with its headquarters in Pune, touched the 100-store landmark this month. Every store has around 1,500 stock-keeping units. But customers can request the store managers to order from the full online inventory - comprising products from 600-odd Indian and international brands - of Firstcry.com with the help of the touch screen terminals.
The products are delivered within 24 to 48 hours.
"This has helped improve footfall in our stores," said Supam Maheshwari, co-founder, Firstcry.com, adding that some of its store have reported a 20 per cent jump in footfall after the seamless integration of online and offline channels.
At present, 25 Firstcry.com stores have touch-screen kiosks. The company management plans to open such kiosks in all the 100 stores over the next four to five months.
On the technical front, the interactive kiosk is being positioned as a business-to-business online platform for its franchisee store owners. The four-year-old start-up follows a purely franchisee-owned offline model. In some cities, the stores also act as delivery centres for those ordering online.
As Firstcry.com pushes its offline presence with plans to put in place 400 stores by 2017, Maheshwari says they have had to put in place five regional teams across the country to improve liaisoning with franchisees and customers. Its tech team has doubled to 70-odd over the past year, even as company's overall headcount has jumped from around 250 to 400 in the same period. As part of efforts to improve customer connect, Firstcry.com has launched a customer loyalty and a subscription programme for parents to save money. It has also tied up with hospitals for a gifting programme for new parents.
Maheshwari says these efforts have helped the company's topline to jump by 100 per cent from the November last year, though he is unwilling to share absolute numbers citing competition as his reason. In an interaction last year, the company had indicated that it was expected to register gross merchandise sales of around Rs 250 crore in FY 14.
At 27 million, India has the largest number of child births per year in the world. The market size for baby, children and maternity products is pegged at around Rs 40,000 crore annually, growing anywhere between 15 per cent and 20 per cent. Industry experts say only around Rs 400-odd crore is currently being serviced by half a dozen-odd online players.

Wife  children abandon Mathura home  cabbie caught hiding in weddingcrowdWritten by Kaunain Sherrif | Mathura |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:42 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 9:13 am
There are carnival-like celebrations on the main road leading to Sri Krishna Janmashtaan. It’s marriage season and dance and music welcome you on blocked roads.
But just half-a-kilometre away, there is silence. No lights to guide you, shops shut down and no one to talk to. This is Chanderpur colony — home to Delhi’s latest “rapist”, Shiv Kumar Yadav.
Yadav’s family — his wife and two children — have been living here for two years. However, the family has been absconding since Sunday morning.
“The family fled, maybe early morning today. We don’t have the details. However, they may have fled to their native district,” Mathura’s assistant superintendent of police, Ajay Pal Sharma, said.
There is hostility from the neighbours when they are asked for details about the accused and his whereabouts. The owner of the house, a former army official, refused to speak to Newsline. But resident in the opposite lane said that the accused was often seen here. “He used to come during weekends. His sister-in-law also stays in the same area. But we had little interaction,” neighbour Lalit Kumar said.
Yadav belongs to Mainpuri district, some 100 kilometres from Mathura. According to an eyewitness, the accused parked his car near his house here and then absconded. Sources told Newsline that it was an informer from the same area who “tracked” him down after he went missing.
The accused was then found hiding near a crowded place at a marriage hall. “We got information through an informer that he was hiding just a kilometre away from Meera Madan Paradise,” the police officer said.
He added that the accused or his family were not involved in any other criminal activities.

Lanka overcome Cook-lessEngBy: Associated Press | Colombo |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:38 am
Sri Lankan spinners combined for nine wickets before Kumar Sangakkara hit 86 runs to help the hosts to a tense six-wicket win over England in the fourth one-day international on Sunday.
Electing to bat first, England were 265 all out in 50 overs and Sri Lanka chased down the runs with only two balls to spare, finishing on 267-4 at R. Premadasa Stadium. Spinners Rangana Herath, Ajantha Mendis and Tillakaratne Dilshan took three wickets each for Sri Lanka with Herath returning best bowling figures 3-36 in 10 overs.
Sangakkara’s innings came off 105 deliveries and included seven boundaries. He shared 96 runs in 103 deliveries with Mahela Jayawardene (44) for the third wicket. Needing three runs to win in three deliveries, captain Angelo Mathews (51 not out) hit a boundary to complete the win as well as his 25th one-day half-century.
“I was a bit nervous at the end, but I knew we had wickets in hand,” Mathews said after the match. England’s stand-in captain Eoin Morgan said his team lacked consistency.
Chris Woakes dismissed opener Tillakaratne Dilshan (16) early in Sri Lanka’s chase, caught by Morgan. Off spinner Moeen Ali induced an edge off Kusal Perera (31) for a catch to Chris Jordan at slip to leave the hosts at 69-2. But Sangakkara and Jayawardene then combined to lay a solid foundation.
England took the match until the final over and it required an unbroken 53-run partnership between Mathews and Lahiru Thirimanne (19 not out) for Sri Lanka to clinch victory. But Alex Hales dropping Mathews at 33, when Sri Lanka needed a run-a-ball 24 to win, and some wayward bowling resulting in 12 wide balls did not help England’s cause.
Earlier, James Taylor made his maiden international fifty — but missed out on a century — to give England a strong platform. Playing his third match, Taylor scored 90 runs off 109 balls and was involved in an important 93-run partnership for the third wicket with Joe Root (36) after the tourists lost two wickets for 29 runs.
Morgan hit four boundaries and three sixes for a 47-ball 62 before England’s captain was out to the last delivery of the innings. Regular captain Alastair Cook served a one-match suspension for a slow over rate in the third game that England won in Hambantota.
Hales was out for a first-ball duck Sunday in the second over of the match bowled by seamer Dhammika Prasad, caught by Jayawardene. Ali was caught behind for 19 in 20 deliveries. Taylor and Root then rebuilt the innings over 18 overs before left-arm spinner Herath bowled Root. Sri Lank leads the seven-match series 3-1 and the fifth match will be played in Pallekele on Wednesday.
Brief scores: England 265 all out in 50 overs (James Taylor 90, E Morgan 62; R Herath 3/36, A Mendis 3/56) lost to Sri Lanka 267/4 in 49.4 overs (K Sangakkara 86, A Mathews 51*; C Jordan 2/35) by six wickets.

Bhuvi set to miss first twoTestsWritten by Bharat Sundaresan | Adelaide |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:36 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 11:04 am
While India’s fortunes fluctuated like an unscrewed pendulum before plummeting into complete disarray in England, the one grapnel that remained secure and steadfast was the bowling of Bhuvneshwar Kumar. The wiry swing bowler not only delivered almost every time his captain tossed the ball to him, he also inked himself in as the mainstay of India’s fast-bowling arsenal. Kumar will, however, have to cheer his team on from the bench, at least at the start of the Test series Down Under, after he was ruled out for the first two matches owing to an injured left ankle.
Although the official release from the team management said that the 24-year-old could be available for selection even for the series opener in Adelaide, The Indian Express has learnt that he will not be fit for action before the Boxing Day Test in Melbourne.
Kumar didn’t bowl or field during the second practice game played at the Glenelg Oval earlier this week. He did have a light session near the nets as the first day wore down, but he was accompanied by the physiotherapist and an ice-pack. And he was completely absent during India’s training session at the Adelaide Oval on Sunday, neither appearing near the nets nor at the main ground, where the team did their fielding drills.
Kumar had never played a Test overseas when he snared five wickets at Trent Bridge in July. He followed that up with a six-wicket haul at Lord’s to set up a historic win.
Shami or Yadav?
With Kumar now ruled out, the visitors will now have to choose between Mohammad Shami and Umesh Yadav for the third fast bowler’s slot. Shami and Yadav bowled in tandem incidentally on Sunday, and both had their moments. Shami with a full delivery that swung past the bat of Ajinkya Rahane and Yadav with a sharp in-swinger that would have trapped Naman Ojha right in front. Shami’s returns from England were poor and his five wickets came at 73.20 apiece. His failure had prompted a number of calls for the recall of the pacy Yadav.
In many ways, he was the pick of India’s previous tour to Australia, where he not only took wickets but also troubled the likes of Ricky Ponting and Shaun Marsh. And following an impressive outing in the ODIs against Sri Lanka back home, Yadav has looked to have regained the kind of rhythm that helped him taste success on these pitches.
If Yadav does play, India will finally go into a Test match on foreign soil with an attack which is genuinely a pacy one. For, like they showed at practice, Varun Aaron and Ishant Sharma will form an exciting combination with the new ball. The duo was quick and incisive in their bursts on Sunday.
But having said that, Kumar’s breakdown means that India continued…

I am Ola  I am Meru  I am Uber tooWritten by Shalini Narayan | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:35 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 7:43 pm
Play Store, the Android app market, shows five million downloads; the rating, 4.1 stars. All it takes is a minute for the app to register and, with an ETA of approximately 10 minutes, Ramesh Chaurasia (name changed) is at your doorstep. “Good afternoon,” he says, as he greets you, clad in a crisp white uniform.
READ: After victim went to police, DCP had to download App and book a cab to find office 
The profile on the app matches and you board the white Swift Dzire. He tries to be subtle, but the act doesn’t go unnoticed. Two phones on the dashboard are turned off except the iPhone 4s, which remains on. A beep and Uber Technologies is at your service.
At 3 pm on a Sunday, the roads in Delhi seem barely inhabited. GPS shows traffic at Karol Bagh and the estimated time of reaching the Inderlok Metro station from Savitri as 40 minutes. Only seconds into the drive, Chaurasia’s Nokia phone buzzes. “Haan. Inderlok jaa raha hoon. Sushant Lok pick up hai 8 baje ka. Pitampura Ola se kar loonga 6 pm ko,” he says.
For Chaurasia, who hails from Chapra in Bihar, this is his daily routine. He has been working for Uber for the past three months and with Ola for the last six months. He moonlights for Ola, Meru and Uber.
At 12 pm, he sets out, as ‘Ola’, making his way first to the areas where people prefer to make cash payment. “Sangam Vihar, Okhla, Old Delhi or even Pitampura. Yahan sab cash payment hota hai service ke liye. Jor Bagh, Gurgaon, Sushant Lok aur hotels mein Uber chalta hai,” he says. “Mein Ola bhi hoon, Meru bhi hoon aur Uber bhi hoon. Jis service ka istemal karna hai, bas uss app ko on karo. Baaki off rakho,” he says.
Chaurasia says it doesn’t matter for the companies who he works for. For them reportedly, it’s all about the commission. “Uber retains 20 per cent of the earnings while Ola keeps 15 per cent. Meru retains more,” he says.
But then why does he prefer Uber? Chaurasia blames it on the 3G network in India. “The network doesn’t work everywhere. Most often than not, if due to network problems, the app doesn’t generate the receipt of payment, the customer begins an argument over payment and at 1 am at night, one would rather not mess with them. When we ask our companies to reimburse us, the process is long-drawn.
Sometimes, they don’t even pay us back. Why would I work for them? I have a family of five to support. I would rather choose to work for Uber where the payments are made online,” he says.
He is interrupted by a phone call yet again on his Nokia phone. The voice at the other end says, “He has been arrested”. “Really? Was it a DL registration? He must have been a driver and not the owner. This continued…

Right to be heard: Opp parties to meet SpeakertodayBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:32 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 10:37 am
Amid the standoff with the government in Parliament, opposition parties led by the Congress will Monday meet Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan to protest alleged attempts to drown out the voice of the Opposition in the Lower House.
The Congress alleges microphones of Opposition members had been switched off last week to censor their comments against the government. Sources said leaders of Congress, Trinamool Congress, SP, JD(U), NCP and RJD would jointly meet the Speaker to register the protest.
It is not clear whether the Left would join the delegation.
Congress, Trinamool and the Left have been boycotting Lok Sabha over the controversial remarks made by Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti. The sources said the parties could end their boycott and resume attending the House if the Speaker gives an assurance that their “right to be heard” would be protected. In a way, this could be a face saver for the Opposition given the fact that the government has outrightly rejected its demand for Jyoti’s ouster.
Mallikarjun Kharge, the leader of Congress in Lok Sabha, had on Thursday led a walkout from the House alleging that the microphones of Opposition members had been switched off. Congress MPs claimed the cameras of the Lok Sabha television too shifted focus from them simultaneously.

Swaraj wants Gita made nationalscriptureWritten by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:30 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 4:30 pm
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Sunday urged that the Bhagwad Gita be declared a ‘Rashtriya Granth’, adding that only a formal announcement to this effect was pending. “The Prime Minister has already given it the stature of national granth by gifting it to US President Barack Obama,” she said.
Speaking at an event on Red Front grounds to mark the “5,151st anniversary” of the Gita, organised by RSS-affiliate Global Inspiration and Enlightenment Organization of Gita (GIEOGITA), Swaraj also advised psychiatrists to read and prescribe the Gita to patients suffering from depression.
Soon after her statement, VHP president Ashok Singhal demanded that PM Narendra Modi declare the Gita a national scripture.
At the same event, Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar said the religious book has been considered above the Constitution.
Representatives of embassies of 20 countries were present at the event.
Criticising Swaraj’s remarks, the Trinamool Congress (TMC) said the Constitution was the “holy book” in a democracy. The Congress called her statement “frivolous”.
“All holy books are our pride,” Mamata Banerjee said. “The Quran, Puranas, Vedas, Vedanta, Bible, Tripitak, Zend-Avesta, Guru Granth Sahib, Gita — we respect all.”
The essence of the Gita lies in its substance and not in its symbolism, said the Congress’s Manish Tewari.
Khattar, who had to rush for a meeting of chief ministers called by the PM, was the first to speak among the leaders. “Gita ke sandesh ko jab hum dhyan se padhte hain to… to jaisa kaha hai hamare desh ka samvidhan hi Gita hai. Gita ko samvidhaan se upar maan liya gaya hai. Kisi bhi desh ka samvidhan kaal aur paristhithi ke hisab se badalta rehta hai, lekin Gita aisa saar hai jo sahasvat hai (When we read the Gita carefully… as has been said, our Constitution is the Gita itself. In fact, the Gita is considered above the Constitution. Any country’s constitution changes with time and circumstances, but the Gita is eternal),” said Khattar.
He added that Haryana had doubled the budget for ‘Gita Jayanti’, and requested the PM to issue a postal stamp on Gita Jayanti celebrations.
Urging that the Gita be prescribed to those suffering from depression, Swaraj said, “Depression is a rising problem. People believe eating chocolates and medicines will cure depression. My remedy is that if we read the Gita and live life as per it, we won’t be depressed. Our psychiatrists and counsellors should read the Gita and advise patients according to it. Every argument will end, every doubt will be removed.”
The Union minister credited the Gita with giving her strength during a particularly bad time in her life, and said she attributed her achievements to “Krishna kripa”. Swaraj also said that on December 11, the UN would declare June 21 as ‘Yoga Diwas’.
 

Communication satellite launchsuccessfulBy: Express News Service | Bangalore |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:29 am
After weather conditions delayed its launch from Kourou in French Guiana for two days, India’s communication satellite, GSAT-16, was finally launched successfully at 0210 hrs IST on Sunday by the Ariane-5 launch vehicle VA221 of the European Arianespace.
“Ariane-5 precisely placed GSAT-16 into the intended Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO) after a flight of 32 minutes and 20.4 seconds. ISRO’s Master Control Facility (MCF) at Hassan in Karnataka started acquiring the signal from the satellite at 0241 hrs IST and the commanding of the satellite was initiated. Initial checks have indicated normal health of the satellite,’’ ISRO said in a statement.
GSAT 16 when initiated into its final orbit over the next few days will join 10 other Indian communication satellites in the INSAT programme which currently provides connectivity in Asia-Pacific region.

Despite sluggish economy  Pakistan aiming for jet boost to defence exportsYou are here: Home > Collections > China
Pakistan aiming for jet boost to defence exports
AFP Dec 8, 2014, 01.18AM IST
Tags:
afghanistan
(Pakistan's large, well-funded…)
KARACHI: A revamped version of Pakistan's JF-17 jet fighter took centre stage at a defence exhibition in Karachi this week as the restive nuclear-armed state looks to boost its role as a military exporter on the world stage.
Pakistan's large, well-funded military has long been a major importer of defence equipment, particularly from key ally China.
But Pakistan is hoping the updated JF-17, conceived and initially developed with the help of China, along with Pakistani-made tanks and surveillance drones, will help grow military exports and bring in much-needed foreign exchange revenue.
Pakistan's forex reserves are slowly recovering after falling to just $3 billion in November 2013, from nearly USD 15 billion in 2011.
But the economy is still shackled by a long-running energy crisis and growth remains sluggish, predicted at 4.3 percent this financial year.
The new JF-17, which is manufactured at the Pakistan Aeronautical Complex (PAC) just west of Islamabad, was among the key exhibits at the four-day International Defence Exhibition and Seminar (IDEAS) event.
The plane will initially be handed over to the Pakistan Air Force (PAF), which is currently carrying out air strikes against Taliban militants in the northwest.
"We will hand over 16 Block-II JF-17s to the PAF every year," said Air Marshal Javaid Ahmad.
He said the first five would be delivered this month and the plant has the capacity to produce 25 aircraft per year.
The air force started using the first edition of the JF-17 in 2010, having historically relied on US imports during its wars with India.
It has deployed F-16s in recent attacks on insurgents in the tribal regions that border Afghanistan , but not its own home-made fighters.
After the Cold War ended Pakistan began to deepen defence and economic ties with ally China, culminating in the test flight of the jet's prototype in Chengdu in 2003.
China earlier this month promised investment worth $42 billion in Pakistan mainly centred on the energy sector.
FEATURED ARTICLES

StatsGuru: Taking stock of Indian debt markets and what lies aheadStatsGuru: Taking stock of Indian debt markets and what lies ahead
This is what written in the link provided by me.valuepick blog <...Platinum Member
214 Followers
Actually Wockhardt  is not a small company based on many parameters. It is one of the largest Indian pharma company and a pioneer in Indian Bio-pharma space with a turnover of more than Rs.5000 Cr and a net profit of over Rs.1500 Cr.Company having more than 200 patents  globally  and selling more than 500 products in US market.It is the company won the maximum number of patents awarded by India Government in pharma space for 4 years in a row. Company is the largest Indian and third largest generic pharma company in the UK market.Wockhardt is also the largest branded generic pharma company in Ireland.Company operating 12 manufacturing facilities across the globe  ( 9 in India,1 in USA,1 in UK and 1 in Ireland) .Many of you may surprise why the stock price of such a company with good credentials showing sharp swings in short span of time especially from pharma sector which is generally known as a safe sector for steady gain.
Now let us look into the reasons and current situation.In 2010, even its existence  was a  big question mark  when the Mumbai high court admitted a winding-up petition filed by the company’s foreign currency convertible bond holders.Actually sharp appreciation of Indian Rupee created headaches for Wockhard from both sides and negatively affected its business (Unlike many Indian pharma companies ,contribution of overseas earnings is very high in case of Wockhardt.It is as high as 80% of its total turnover) and ability to payback FCCB amount .To escape from this do or die situation ,company forced to sacrifice a part of its hospital business , the entire nutrition business and animal health business ..etc.In 2009-10 Wockhardt’s debt equity ratio was at an alarming level of 5.5 which now reduced to just 0.4 . In 2012 FCCB holders withdraw the winding up petition .This default and repayment created big fluctuations in its share price during 2010-1012 period.2012-13 was a fantastic year in the history of Wockhardt .Company reported a consolidated sales of Rs.5610 cr ( Rs.4351 Cr in previous year) , net profit of Rs.1594 Cr ( Rs.343 Cr)  and an EPS of Rs.146.00. Then the next blow came in 2013 in the form of USFDA inspection.Wockhard received a warning letter from US FDA due to violation of CGMP and data integrity issues .This prevents company from exporting products from Waluj facility and on this news ,share price started to crash from a level of Rs.2100 level.Again it received a Form 483 on its Chikalthana unit .. 483 is a form used by the US FDA to document and communicate concerns discovered during their inspections. After issuing 483 ,company will get certain time to correct the mistakes and comply with the standards of USFDA .If USFDA satisfied with the corrective steps they will withdraw 483 and if not , ban export from the facility .Wockhardt now claiming that they have taken every steps to avoid a ban and appointed US based third party consultants to advice the company in  ensuring CGMC standards,as requested by USFDA itself .It is reported that M/s. Lachman GMP Consultant INC USA has appointed for this purpose.Company also changed the head of its quality control department and requested to report the new QC head directly to MD in order to avoid delay in taking and implementing decisions.
Whether the company will survive the storm or not is the question now. It is expected to receive a final verdict on this subject within two months.Either the stock will go back to Rs.250 level or come back to Rs.1500 level based on the final decision of USFDA in this matter.If we check the history of the company ,promoters never repeated one mistake more than once.( This is the first USFDA related issues with Wockhardt in its history and inspections of both plants happened almost simultaneously) .If they are fortunate to escape this time ,I hope company will never look back on USFDA related issues anytime in the future . Till June quarter almost 100% of promoter holding were pledged ,but in last month they released entire pledge and recently even hiked their stake through open market purchases.Now promoter stake is almost near to the maximum permissible limit ie,75% .If we exclude the USFDA related issues ,Wockhardt is the cheapest  pharma stock which is trading with a P/E multiple of just 4 .At CMP of Rs.590 ,this stock is suitable only for investors who are willing to play with fire.Either your investment will multiple or it will become half or below in another 6 month or one year.

Just check the business verticals fromCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Alok tu jis school ka student hain me udhar ka pricipal hoo samja .......Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Again i was right alok....dil pe mat le yaar ;) !!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Binny to enter realty business with 75-acre land bankBinny to enter realty business with 75-acre land bank
Gireesh Babu | Chennai Dec 08, 2014 12:42 AM IST
Binny Limited, merging into itself Mohan Breweries and Distilleries, has set its focus on the real estate and liquor markets, with 75 acres available for the latter.
The company recently signed an agreement with real estate firm SPR Group to develop an integrated township on a 63-acre parcel where the Binny Mills complex is situated in Perambur.
Binny, which had stopped its operations in textiles and other business earlier, has been an asset holding company. It has now decided to merge its alcoholic beverages business, Mohan Breweries and Distilleries, with itself.  It is planning to set up a facility in Kancheepuram with an investment of Rs 300 crore, to shift its existing operations within Chennai.
“Our focus will be on the real estate and liquor business. We have entered into a tie-up with SPR Group to develop a 63-acre land parcel out of 85 acres we have in Binny into a township. The rest of the land is in three parcels near to it which is still with us. Besides, we have a land bank of 55 acres under Mohan Breweries and Distilleries,” said M Nandagopal, executive chairman, Binny Ltd.
He said the company will decide on the development of these land parcels at a later stage. Mohan Breweries has also sold 12 acres it owned to SPR Group, for around Rs 244 crore. “We are also shifting the liquor manufacturing facility from inside the city to Kancheepuram. The existing facility is within the city, and there is no space for anything. The labourers also have to travel long hours to come to the factory and back to their home,” said Nandagopal.
He said that the process of setting up the facility would start soon and it would take 18-24 months to complete the project. The capacity of the plant will remain the same. At present, the company has the capacity to manufacture 10 million cases of beer and 7.5 million cases of IMFL. It currently holds around 12-15% of the IMFL market and around 20% of the beer market in Tamil Nadu.
When asked whether the company would look at development of real estate projects on its own in the land bank, he said the company will take a call depending on the situation.
The company informed the exchanges on Monday that its Board of Directors were apprised of its deal with SPR Group. 
The Board has also accorded in-principal approval for the merger of Mohan Breweries and Distilleries along with its subsidiary Arthos Breweries with Binny and directed the company to submit the scheme of merger for final approval.

8 Facts To Show Your Boss Next Time You Want To Take A Sick DayThere are a lot of reasons why the majority of American workers end up going to work sick. This flu season, make sure pressure from your boss isn’t one of them.
Bringing a cold or flu to work can wreak havoc on your office. But for a variety of reasons, up to 90 percent of workers don’t stay home when they come down with a bug. A 2014 survey found that some say their jobs are too important. Others simply don't get paid sick time and can't afford to miss a paycheck, while still others say staying home would look bad to their boss .
In reality, there are numerous reasons why going to work while you're sick doesn’t do any good for you or the company you work for. Your boss should know this by now, but if he or she doesn’t, here are eight reasons why you should just stay home sick. Feel free to borrow them the next time you're under the weather.
Sickness in the office spreads fast. Really fast.
Just by contaminating one door, a virus can spread to around half the surfaces in a medium-sized office within four hours , a recent study by the University of Arizona found. That same virus was also found on the hands of around half of the company's 80 employees in the same timeframe.
The study also found that a virus can spread like this when just one person who is infected comes to the office. That means that you could potentially infect half your colleagues by lunchtime just by showing up to work.
Just imagine what happens if more than one door gets contaminated.
And germs stick around, too.
Flu viruses can linger on hard surfaces like desks, conference tables and keyboards for up to 48 hours . That means that even if that sick co-worker was sent home after lunch, you have the potential to get infected for a full two days afterward.
But the most likely way to get sick is through direct contact with an employee, which is pretty disconcerting when you realize that…
Your co-workers probably aren’t doing much to prevent the spread of illness.
Half of employees don’t wash their hands once they get to the office , a recent study found. Co-workers could also do better to slow the spread of disease by sneezing into their arm instead of their hands and by touching fists rather than shaking hands. Your boss should have noticed by now that neither behavior is exactly commonplace.
Better hope your co-workers are as clean as these guys, because they probably aren't.
Your desk only exposes you to more germs, and that could get you even more sick.
A 2002 study found that the common workplace desk has hundreds of times more germs than an office toilet seat. Kind of changes your whole perspective on eating at your desk , doesn't it?
Sick people are less productive at work anyway.
Several studies have shown sick people perform worse at work. A 2012 study by Staples found workers were 60 percent less productive when working from the office while sick . A follow up of the same study last year found a third of those who admitted to going to work while sick said they were about half as productive when they did.
You're not fooling anyone with that giant cup of coffee.
Sick people coming to work just makes more people sick.
In short, when sick people come to the office, other people get sick. People with the flu who don’t stay home cause their co-workers to take 20 to 30 percent more sick days , according to California-based Disability Management Employer Coalition.
Working while sick extends the time it takes to get better.
You probably don’t need a doctor to tell you that pushing it when you’re sick only makes you sicker and extends the amount of time you need to recover. Ask your doctor if you're not sure, or read this article written by one . That means that the only thing you really stand to gain by coming to work sick is the increased risk of having to miss more work later.
And that all ends up being really expensive for the company.
Sixty percent of corporate health costs are caused by sick people coming to work , according to one study by Cornell University. To put that in real terms, research by the Integrated Benefits Institute found that sickness cost U.S. businesses about $227 billion from “lost productivity” each year, much of that due to employees coming to work sick.
If nothing else, that should get your boss listening.
More:

Hockey Player Manages To Say  Meow  7 Times In InterviewHow many times can you sneak "meow" into an otherwise normal conversation? Hockey player Ray Kaunisto of the Kalamazoo Wings managed to pull it off seven times in just under 40 seconds during a recent on-ice interview.
That's one meow every 5.7 seconds, for those keeping score.
The "meow game" comes from the 2001 comedy " Super Troopers ," in which a cop tries to use the word 10 times during a traffic stop.
You can see that clip below. (And yes, that's Jim Gaffigan as the driver assaulted by all the meows.)
The game also made sports news back in 2012, when Thomas DeCoud, then of the Atlanta Falcons, said meow 14 times in an interview with ESPN .
But Kaunisto's meow moment almost didn't happen.
" I thought about doing it a little bit before and then I just figured just let it rip and see what happens ," Kaunisto told MLive.com. "I almost chickened out. I almost didn't do it, but I kind of just went with it."
Kaunisto's clearly a guy who likes to have a little fun. Last year, he took part in a lip-synch duel, miming "Runnin' Outta Moonlight" by Randy Hauser. ( You can check out that clip on YouTube right meow .)
"I'm always one of the guys that tries to keep things light in the locker room and in a lot of interviews with hockey players they pretty much say the same exact things over and over," Kaunisto told MLive.com. "I kind of wanted to mix it up a little bit."
(h/t Dallas Morning News )
More:

WILLY WONKA S COFFEE FACTORYreddit
Starbucks opened its first upscale café and roastery on Friday in hopes of tapping into the small but growing market of coffee connoisseurs.
Over the next year, the company has plans to open at least 100 stores roasting and serving rare, small-batch coffee beans in major U.S. cities. Starbucks established its inaugural Reserve Roastery and Tasting Room in Seattle, just nine blocks from its original café.
“We’ve dreamed about this moment when we can open up such an immersive experience, where we can demonstrate all the aspects of drama, romance, theater of roasting coffee,” Starbucks Chairman and CEO Howard Schultz said during an appearance on CNBC , as the new store's baristas bustled behind him. “It’s the Willy Wonka of coffee.”
But don’t expect any Charlie Bucket types to shop there. The beans at Starbucks Reserve -- branded with a star and a capital R -- sell for as much as $45 per pound .
The new, 15,000-square-foot facility has large copper coffee dispensers and candy store-like displays of “micro-batch” beans, described on tablet-sized chalkboards. Quotes such as “unreasonable passion has led us here” are carved into the wooden bars at which customers can order a pour-over -- that is, coffee made by straining hot water from a kettle through a cone-shaped filter placed above the individual mug.
Starbucks has faced increased competition in recent years as its main rival, Dunkin’ Donuts, has expanded to the West Coast and small coffeehouses proliferate around the country. Now the java giant wants to take on trendy newcomers such as Blue Bottle Coffee and Stumptown Coffee Roasters.
The U.S. coffee market, worth $27.9 billion last year, is expected to grow to $33.7 billion by 2018, according to data from research firm IBISWorld cited by Reuters . The data do not separate revenues for high-end coffee sellers.
More:

Ex-lovers Sushmita and Akram on the rampCelebrity
Celebrity spotting: On the ramp and off it
Blenders Pride Fashion Tour maintains a tagline “Taste Life In Style”. While Day 1 saw Aditi Rao Hydari as the showstopper, Sushmita Sen stole the Day 2 of the fashion tour
Sushmita Sen walked the ramp for fashion designers Shivan and Narresh on the 2nd day of Blenders’ Pride Fashion Tour.

Babri a secularism-communalism confrontationNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Eminent historian Irfan Habib today called upon “all secular forces irrespective of political affiliations” to join hands and unitedly face the onslaught of the “communal forces”.
“The events of the past few months and the growing threat to the very concept of India has prompted me to issue this appeal to all secular parties.
“Certain policies of the present government, especially saffronisation of education and history, have convinced me that there is an urgent need now to speak out,” he said, while delivering a lecture at Aligarh Muslim University.
Habib said there were already ominous signs that BJP is planning to rake up contentious issues including the Ayodhya dispute. “Fears on such matters are not without justification because once this government is unable to fulfil its promise of ‘achche din’ for the common man, they will be prompted to take resort to such divisive and polarising issues.”
Referring to the Babri Masjid-Ram Mandir issue, the noted historian said, “This should never have been viewed as an issue between Hindus and Muslims. It was in fact a confrontation between the forces of secularism and humanism on one side and the forces of communalism on the other.”
“The legal battle for defending the Babri Mosque was fought almost entirely by those historians who were Hindu by faith. They defended the Babri Mosque because they were convinced by the historical evidence which they had unearthed,” he said.
TAGS: Ayodhya Babri Masjid Ram Temple
More from miscellaneous

Did Black Friday Boycotts Have An Impact On Storesdid black friday boycotts have an impact on stores
London Fletcher slams Jim HaslettBy Dan Steinberg December 7 Follow @dcsportsbog
(File photo by Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post)
Longtime Redskins defensive stalwart and team captain London Fletcher unloaded on defensive coordinator Jim Haslett Sunday morning, calling him a clueless, back-stabbing coach who does not know what he’s doing.
“Why does Jim Haslett still have his job as a defensive coordinator after five years now of just ineptitude at the defensive coordinator position?” Fletcher asked on CBS Sports Network’s That Other Pregame Show. “He’s clueless as a defensive coordinator. He lacks attention to detail. He lacks feel on how to call a game. Some of the calls he used to call when I was playing were head-scratching. They were so bad, I used to change them, like, ‘We’re not running that.’ And we’d get off the field and he would ask, ‘Why did you change the call.’ (I would say), ‘Because that’s just a dumb call. That’s why I changed it.’
“For years he has always made excuses. One minute it was ‘We’re changing from the 3-4 and we don’t have the right personnel.’ Next minute it is salary cap. Next minute it is Mike Shanahan. Next minute it is injuries. Mike Shanahan recognized early that this guy does not know what he is doing. And he tried to help him out….And what does Jim Haslett do? He threw [Shanahan] under the bus just like he throws everybody under the bus, players and coaches included.
Fletcher on Haslett: "he would take the 85 Bears and turn them into a mediocre Defense" https://t.co/kJXmxl0G0X
— Danny (@recordsANDradio) December 7, 2014
“He is a guy that does not know what he is doing,” Fletcher went on. “And the Washington Redskins — and Jay Gruden in particular — better watch his back and get Jim Haslett out of the door….Jay Gruden better get him out the door because he’s probably back stabbing Jay Gruden like he did everybody else –- like he did to Scott Linehan in St. Louis and like he did to Mike Shanahan in Washington….
“This is a guy that would take the ’85 Bears and turn them into a mediocre defense,” Fletcher said. “He is clueless. He has no idea what he is doing. Believe me, I had a front row seat for four years.”
(Transcript via CBS Sports)

Chinas former security czar Zhou could be given a death sentenceprint
Zhou Yongkang reacts as he attends the Hebei delegation discussion sessions at the 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China at the Great Hall of the People, in Beijing in this October 16, 2007 file photo. (Reuters)
China’s former security chief, Zhou Yongkang, arrested on charges of corruption and leaking state secrets could be handed a suspended death sentence, reports said Sunday.
Zhou was arrested and expelled from the Communist Party of China (CPC) over the weekend and charged with adultery, taking huge bribes and misusing his position.
Zhou is the senior most official to have been arrested since President Xi Jinping launched his high-profile anti-corruption campaign.
The allegation of leaking state secrets could result in Zhou getting a suspended death sentence, the South China Morning Post (SCMP) reported.
It is this particular allegation that also sets him apart of his protégé Bo Xilai, who is serving a life sentence for abuse of power and corruption.
Zhou, 72, a former internal security chief, retired as the member of the powerful nine-member Standing Committee of the CPC, headed by previous President Hu Jintao in 2012.
“In China, it’s very difficult to define what’s a state secret. As a former member of the party’s Politburo Standing Committee, anything Zhou unwittingly told anyone around him could be a ‘state secret’,” Zhang Lifan, a Beijing-based political commentator told SCMP.
It could also mean sharing internal CPC information.
“Zhou leaked the Party’s and country’s secrets. He seriously violated self-disciplinary regulations and accepted a large amount of money and properties personally and through his family,” state media reported, quoting an official statement.

IPTL off to flying start as India falls for Federer showprint
The banners were out, the RF shirts and caps could be found in plenty, screaming fans all shouting in unison - Roger, Roger, Roger. There could be no doubt about it. Everyone was at the Indira Gandhi Stadium in New Delhi on Sunday for one man and one man only.
As the 17-time Grand Slam champion was introduced to the crowd at the beginning of the tie, screams drowned even the loud music. Many found it hard to believe but, yes, it was indeed Roger Federer who walked out.
A young fan could barely contain her excitement as she whipped out her phone. “I have to take a Federer-selfie,” she shouts. Her friends follow suit.
Sania Mirza and Roger Federer share a light moment while playing for Indian Aces in their International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) mixed doubles match in Delhi. (Mohd Zakir/HT Photo)
In September, when the organisers announced that the Swiss master had agreed to replace Rafael Nadal in the league, fans could hardly believe it. Social media was abuzz as to how one could get his hands on tickets. How often do you get a chance to see the world No 2 at home? But there had been a lot of ambiguity about his participation. When he didn’t turn up for the Indian Aces matches in Manila and Singapore, the first two legs of the IPTL, many wondered if Federer would show up in India.
“I agreed to play here (IPTL) quite recently but I was clear about how many days I would be able to give to it. Training is important, as is vacation and spending time with my family… After talking with Mahesh (Bhupathi)… these few days (the December 6-8 India leg) fit perfectly,” clarified Federer, after winning all his three matches against the Singapore Slammers.
He first paired up with Sania Mirza in probably his fourth mixed doubles match ever. “I’ve earlier played with Martina Navratilova, Martina Hingis and my wife (Mirka),” claimed the 33-year-old. He then teamed up with Rohan Bopanna for the doubles before downing old foe Tomas Berdych in the singles. “I’m tired now,” he joked drawing laughter all around.
The Swiss great termed the newly created IPTL an "exhibition", stating that he preferred the game was played on the professional tour.
While all players have been happy to call the IPTL a fun but very tough competition, the recent Davis Cup champion was clear to dismiss the notion. “The format is interesting. It’s fun and somewhat competitive... it definitely has a place on the tour but it will not replace the tour,” Federer said.
Does the league help in off-season preparations as many of the participating stars have claimed it does? “It helps in overall match play in the off season. One can try new things, it gives ideas. But when you actually try the ideas in practice, that is motivational inspiration from the exhibition tour,” he explained.
Video: Playing in India is a cool moment in my career, says Federer
Federer lukewarm on IPTL rules
Federer, however, gave a lukewarm response to the IPTL rules after making his debut.
"My mind was definitely scrambling trying to remember all the rules," a smiling Federer told reporters.
With its emphasis on speed, fun and noise, an IPTL tie comprises five one-set shootouts in men's and women's singles, men's and mixed doubles and a past champions match with the team that wins the most games, not sets, declared the winner.
Additional features include a 20-second serve clock, a 'Happiness Power Point' in which a point is worth double once per set, no advantages, no lets, coaching timeouts and a five-minute shootout if a match is tied at 5-5.
In fun mode
A laughing and joking Federer downed Czech world number seven Tomas Berdych in the new team competition's third leg.
The normally composed and focused Federer was clearly enjoying himself during his three matches in front of Indian fans including Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan and cricketing great Sunil Gavaskar.
After winning his doubles and mixed doubles matches with Indian teammates Sania Mirza and Rohan Bopanna, Federer celebrated with a courtside dance, before teammate France's Gael Monfils joined in.
(With Agency inputs)

Gen. Hayden says CIA never lied about tortureBy Josh Hicks December 7 Follow @reporter_hicks
Former Central Intelligence Agency director Michael Hayden on Sunday rejected suggestions that the CIA lied about its use of enhanced interrogation techniques, as Senate Democrats are said to allege in a report expected for release this week.
“To say that we relentlessly, over an expanded period of time, lied to everyone about a program that wasn’t doing any good, that beggars the imagination,” Hayden said on CBS's "Face the Nation."
Gen. Michael Hayden, who led the CIA during the last years of the George W. Bush administration, said Senate Democrats should not release a scathing report on the CIA's interrogation program. (Jeffrey MacMillan for The Washington Post)
The former CIA chief and retired Air Force general, who headed the CIA during the final years of the George W. Bush administration, said that waterboarding was no longer in practice once his tenure began and that he recommended scaling back the enhanced-interrogation program in the summer of 2006.
"The program had been so valuable that we couldn’t stop it altogether," he said. "In conscience, I couldn’t take it off the table."
The Senate Intelligence Committee review reportedly concludes that the CIA routinely went beyond legal techniques and systematically lied to itself, the White House, Congress and the Justice Department about the effectiveness of the enhanced-interrogation program.
The CIA and Republicans on the committee have disputed the Democrats’ findings. Then-Sen. Olympia Snowe (Maine) was the only Republican who approved the report, which was completed during the 112th Congress.
Secretary of State John Kerry last week urged the Senate panel to hold off on releasing the review, which is expected to be unveiled by Tuesday. Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) told the Los Angeles Times that "we have to get this report out."
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers (R-Mich.) said he opposes releasing the Democratic analysis.
"Our foreign partners are telling us this will cause violence and deaths," the lawmaker said. "Our own intelligence community has assessed that this will cause violence and deaths. ... We have seen what happens when other incidents are used in the propaganda terrorist machine to incite violence."
Hayden said releasing the report would make the CIA workforce "feel as if it has been tried and convicted in absentia, since the Senate Democrats and their staff didn’t talk to anyone actively involved in the program."
He also said the conclusions could "be used by our enemies to motivate people to attack Americans and American facilities overseas," in addition to causing political damage for governments that cooperated with the United States in the war on terror.
“I can’t imagine anyone out there going forward in the future who would be willing to do anything with us that even smacks of political danger," Hayden said.
Hayden also credited President Bush for ending the practice of waterboarding.
“A popular story is that President Obama had done that," he said. "Actually, it was long gone before he became president. And the last person waterboarded, of a total of three, was in March of 2003.”
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that no Republicans approved the intelligence committee's report. It has been updated to show that one Republican approved it.  
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

SpiceJet s cancelled slots to go to rivalsSpiceJet s cancelled slots to go to rivals
Uri attack writing on the wall for India: SalahuddinPakistan-occupied Kashmir-based chief of the United Jehad Council (UJC) Syed Salahuddin described the deadly Uri attack as ‘writing on the wall that military power cannot suppress our resolve’.
Indian soldiers take positions in order to hold off militant attack in Uri.
Paying tributes to six militants killed in the Uri attack on Friday, Salahuddin, who heads a conglomerate of 13 militant groups operating inside Jammu and Kashmir, said in an e-mailed statement, “The recent attacks on forces have proved that militants love their mission more than their lives.”
The deadliest assault by the militants was on the army’s artillery base in Uri that lasted for more than six hours.
Salahuddin has also backed the separatists’ call to observe a shutdown on Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Kashmir poll rally on Monday.
“This will give the message to the world that people are striving for their birthright and will continue to tread the resistance path,” he said.
Meanwhile, Lt Gen Subrata Saha, general officer commanding of the Srinagar-based 15 Corps, on Sunday said that the militants who attacked the Uri were highly trained.
“These terrorists were highly trained like Special Forces to carry out the attacks. The kind of ammunition they were carrying shows they were in for a big haul,” Saha said.
Trooper injured in Kashmir blast
Srinagar: A paramilitary trooper was injured in a grenade blast while the house of a National Conference leader was attacked with a petrol bomb in Jammu and Kashmir on Sunday, police said.
Guerrillas hurled a grenade at a higher secondary school, injuring constable RK Rajak of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), a police official said.

RBI to cut rates in Feb  50 bps total in 2015: MSRBI to cut rates in Feb  50 bps total in 2015: MS
Eight Valley students hurt in Haryana collegebrawlWritten by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:14 am
In yet another attack on the Kashmiri students outside the valley, at least eight students from Kashmir Valley were injured when a scuffle broke out between two groups of students of Global Research Institute for Management and Technology in Haryana. Authorities have closed the college for a week and have asked the students to report back on December 16.
Around 200 J&K students are currently enrolled in the college. The students, who belong to different districts of the valley, are pursuing engineering courses under the Prime Minister Scholarship scheme for J-K students. After the attack students are now planning to move back to Kashmir.
Ishfaq Ahmad, a student in the college told The Indian Express that the scuffle broke out after a student from Jammu slapped a Kashmiri student during lunch break on Saturday afternoon. “Initially the matter was resolved on the intervention of seniors, but the student from Jammu called up goons from a local village and they thrashed every Kashmir student who opposed them,” he said.
Amir Ahmad, a second year student, also alleged that the local goons attacked the Kashmiri students. “Around 50-60 goons entered into the mess and started beating the Kashmiri students with iron rods and other weapons,” he said.
Students in the college said that around thirty students are injured in the attack, and out of them eight are admitted in the hospital.
Another student blamed the college and police for not helping the Kashmiri students. “We have told the police and the authorities that we will go back home but action should be taken against the people who attacked the Kashmiri students,” a student said, who wished not to be named. “Neither the college administration nor the police helped us.”
Superintendent of Police Ved Prakash Godra said that there was a scuffle between two groups of students and police is monitoring the situation. “There was a minor scuffle in the mess, between at least two groups of students who belonged to J&K. Four injured students have been admitted to the hospital,” he said.
He however, denied the reports that local goons entered into the college mess and attacked the Kashmiri students. “No sharp weapons were used by any student in the incident,” he said adding that the college authorities have declared one week “preparatory off” for the students in the college.
In August this year dozens of students enrolled at Swami Parmanand College of Engineering and Technology at Lalru Mohali returned to the Valley after the students were allegedly beaten by local Bharatiya Janta Party workers.
Also, In March, 67 Kashmiri students were expelled from Swami Vivekananda Subharti University (SVSU) for allegedly cheering Pakistan during the India-Pakistan match at the Asia Cup.

40 yrs on  SC nudges Centre out of BikanerhouseWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:13 am
More than four decades since the Rajasthan government’s endeavour, the Bikaner House, a sprawling complex within walking distance of India Gate, is free of the Central government’s control.
It took a nudge from the Supreme Court and a passionate appeal from the Vasundhra Raje-led Rajasthan government to the BJP-led NDA government at the Centre to end the occupancy row.
On December 1, the Centre conceded to a bench of Justices Anil R Dave and Kurian Joseph that they would pack their bags and leave by the end of the day.
The Centre’s counsel read the writing on the wall as the judges recalled that the Centre had sought time till August to vacate the space it occupied in Bikaner House.
The law officer was told by the bench that the Centre was already three months late in honouring its assurance doled out in July.
The counsel for the Rajasthan government said no further time should be granted since the Centre had already got a three-month extension after the court agreed to adjourn the case twice since August.
The bench agreed with the Rajasthan government, compelling the Centre’s counsel to give an undertaking that all Central government offices would shift out of Bikaner House on the same day.
“It has been submitted by the counsel appearing for the defendant — Union of India — that the portion occupied by the officers in Bikaner House, New Delhi, shall be vacated today itself i.e. on 01.12.2014. They are permitted to do so,” the bench said. On Monday, the court will examine the compliance of its order.
The Rajasthan government had laid its claim to the building last year by filing a petition in the court. The previous government had assured the court that the governments would amicably resolve the dispute but no conclusive arrangement was reached. In July, the NDA government, had however, agreed on an August deadline to vacate it.
The Rajasthan government’s counsel had earlier contended that the Centre had occupying 1.20 lakh square feet of the  bungalow in Lutyens’ Delhi despite repeated promises to vacate it.
The correspondence between the Centre and state government dates back to 1979 when the Rajasthan government sought occupation of the entire building so that it could open its guest house there.
The Central government, however, had requested all the successive chief ministers — Bhairon Singh Shekhawat, Jagannath Pahadia and Shiv Charan Mathur — to allow its offices to continue to operate on the premises.
While it later vacated some parts of the building, the Centre still occupied a major portion, prompting the Rajasthan government to knock on the court’s door. The Centre has been running around 10 offices, including offices of the Wildlife Crime Control Bureau, Central
Government Health Scheme, National Tiger Conservation Authority, from the premises.

In sight of maiden ton  Sudip stuck overnight in nervous90sWritten by Devendra Pandey | Baroda |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:09 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 2:01 pm
Ask any batsmen in the world what it takes to cross those nervous 90s to reach the 100 run mark. And having failed to log a ton twice in the past year, Sunday will certainly be a sleepless night for the Bengal one-drop batsman Sudip Chatterjee. “Monday will be big day for me. I hope to get my first hundred, I have been waiting long for this now,” he points out.
Just a few months ago he was out on 99 in a Duleep Trophy game against West Zone in Rohtak whereas last season he was out on 96 in the quarter-finals against Railways. The 23-year-old left-handed batsman’s unbeaten 91 made sure Bengal ended Day One on 255 for 3 at stumps. Sudip along with wicket-keeper batsman Shreevats Goswami (61*) added 111 runs partnership for fourth wicket and Bengal will hope their young brigade carry on for big score from here.
Hailing from middle-class family at the outskirt of Kolkata, Sudip’s choice of sport wasn’t always an easy one. His father Dipen had a small garment business but it was never enough to sustain Sudip’s cricketing expenses. There were days he had to stay with friend in Kolkata because he couldn’t pay for a bus ticket home. There were also times when he played with borrowed bats.
And while it still is early days in his career, Sudeep has shown hunger of staying at the crease. Earlier, Bengal openers Arindam Ganguly and Rohan Banerjee showed no real purpose as they put together 54 runs in 20 overs. Before the Sudip-Shreevats partnership steadied the innings Bengal were reduced to 144 for 3.
Brief Scores: Bengal 255/3 (S Chatterjee 91*, S Goswami 61*, M Patel 1/32, Gagandeep Singh 1/44) vs Baroda.

Quest: Monuments teach as much of history asbooksBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:08 am
I personally feel that the best way to establish interest and a connect of the students with a subject like history is to tell them the fascinating stories of  these divas of the Mughal period and visit places built by them.
No textbook can explain the facts which are automatically understood by just stepping inside these tombs and forts, which are a gateway to the rich cultural heritage of our country.
But it is sad to see that these priceless gems are not being given the due importance that they should be given.
People engrave their names or other words on their outside and inside walls. Nobody stops them. In most monuments, stones or bricks have come out. They have either not been repaired at all or if they have been repaired, the difference of material and design is clearly visible. It becomes obvious that they have been repaired by ordinary masons, not by experts and designers. Beggars at the gates of monuments annoy visitors. The food available at shops around these sites is dirty and contaminated.
The arrangement of drinking water is absent while sanitation facilities are not available at all. If this is the state of affairs, who will come to visit them? The monuments represent our tradition, history, art and design. They are related to historical events. They are also the symbols of our architectural skills. The authorities should pay proper attention and save them from ruining away. We need to sensitise our youth about the fact that India has a rich heritage, which includes a repository of archaeological treasures and incredible monuments and this cultural history epitomised in heritage monuments needs to be properly preserved for posterity.
Pooja Datta, HoD, English (Primary)
I feel history is best researched and learned through experience. History is not a list of facts. By visiting historical places, you get a real feel of what life would have been like for inhabitants then, how they would have done things, etc. You can learn a great deal about how people lived by visiting a site, rather than just reading about it.
We visited the Roshanara’s Tomb and baradari and learnt about the famous Roshanara Begum. After Aurangzeb established his rule, Roshanara, still afraid of the implications of her actions, asked Aurangzeb to build a palace for her away from the Walled City. She decided to stay away from politics, which was getting dangerous and uncertain. Roshanara chose to spend an esoteric life in her palace in Delhi, surrounded by thick forests. She never married and lived in her palace till the end. Her palace in the middle of Roshanara Garden is a reminder of the crucial role she played in the history of India.
The area is littered with ruins. Both the students and the continued…

Clear Pak link to Uri attack  militants highly trained:ArmyWritten by Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:08 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 8:49 am
The Army Sunday said there was an “unambiguous and clear” Pakistan link to the militant attack in Uri in which 11 security personnel, including eight soldiers, were killed, and that those who carried it out were trained like “Special Forces”.
“The Pakistan link to the Uri terror attack was unambiguous and clear,” said GoC 15 Corps Lt Gen Subrata Saha.
“The pictures of food, weapons, even antiseptic creams found on the slain terrorists were enough evidence to see the involvement of Pakistan in these attacks.”
The Army officer also said the militants involved in the Friday attack were looking for “civilian targets”.
“These terrorists were highly-trained like Special Forces. The kind of ammunition they were carrying shows they were in for a big haul,” he said. “The aim of militants must have been to come and strike at civilian targets to cause fear and disrupt the peaceful conditions during ongoing Assembly polls.”
He also rejected the charge that the militant attack was possible because of the failure of counter-infiltration grid along the Line of Control, saying the fact that all the six assailants have “been eliminated” shows success of the security grid.
“Had that been the case, they (militants) could have attacked the civilian targets that they were looking for,” he said.
“They (militants) came and banged against this position of ours and in a span of barely 60 odd meters, all of them were neutralised”.
On PM Narendra Modi’s scheduled visit to Srinagar on Monday for addressing a poll rally, GoC Saha said the security grid is in place and the forces are “alert to counter any insurgency”.
“You are probably listening to some surveillance operation which is going on at top (helicopters). The grid is very much in place and it is highly effective,” he said.

Gambhir battles his way to 38thcenturyWritten by Siddhartha Sharma | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:07 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 11:10 am
Being that it is serves as a rather active social club in addition to its temporarily requisitioned role as a Ranji venue,there is always plenty of hustle-bustle around the Roshanara ground unlike many other first class venues.
Sunday drew a large number of club members to the ground and they were vocal throughout the day. That cheering may have seen a little out of place at lunch. Delhi were 74/2 and captain Gautam Gambhir, who only a couple of days back was cut from the 30-man squad for the World Cup, was trying his best to battle the demons. Post the break,the cheering got even louder and steadily more justified. Gambhir got past his initially diffidence, showed his mean side and reached to his 16th Ranji and 38th first class century against Saurashtra.
Gambhir led from the front and remained unbeaten on 123 (14×4, 2×6) to lift Delhi to 260/6 on Day One. Saurashtra looked a happier side after they got a chance to bowl first. While their tendency to spray their deliveries meant they failed to make the most of the new ball, Gambhir was repeatedly troubled. Even as fellow opener Unmukt Chand looked compact, the left hander was beaten a few times as he poked at deliveries out side his off-stump. But it was Gambhir who managed to reach the drinks break even as Chand fell for 28. Even new man Varun Sood appeared the more composed player at first as Gambhir battled for survival.
It was only in the 31st over, bowled by off-spinner Kamlesh Makwana, that Gambhir displayed positive intent. On the third ball, he slog swept Makwana for a boundary. But the aggression nearly proved to be his downfall. On the sixth ball, Gambhir jumped out to the spinner but missed the ball. He would have been out for 27 had Amit Jogiyani completed the stumping chance.
That chance would be the moment Gambhir seemed to switch on.While he steadily got more fluent,Delhi kept losing wickets cheaply. Sood fell for 14 and Virender Sehwag and Vaibhav Rawal for 9 and 11 soon after. It took Rajat Bhatia, who made 47 off 84 balls while batting at six, to show the spine Delhi needed. The two put together 88 runs before Bhatia fell with the score on 233.
At the other end Gambhir grew more aggressive as he neared the three figure mark. He took ten runs from an over from left arm spinner Dharmendra Jadeja to move into the nineties. A four took him to 86 and a six that cleared the long on boundary and hit the bonnet of a parked vehicle took him to 92.
Gambhir looked to clear the fence again to get to his century in style. However the resultant swipe only found an inside edge for a single to continued…

Explained: Squeezed inDDWritten by Archna Shukla |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:04 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 11:56 am
A reporter’s recent gaffes at the Goa film festival was the second severe embarrassment on air for Doordarshan after an anchor referred to China’s President Xi Jinping as ‘Eleven Jinping’.
Were the two journalists just having a terrible day?
The real problem seems to be the acute shortage of trained personnel. Doordarshan officials say that most recent blunders, including calling Xi “Eleven”, were made by casual reporters and anchors hired on a temporary basis. The many zones and departments in DD hire anchors as and when they have a vacancy, without any central guidelines to follow. These temporary hires often lack journalistic competence or even a general awareness. They are also frequently poorly trained, because there aren’t enough senior personnel around to train them. “The anchor who hosted IFFI, for instance, went on air after all of two hours’ training, which focused mainly on technical issues and not on the content of her report. She was given no detailed brief on how to conduct herself on air,” a DD official said.
How severe is the staff crunch?
Extremely severe. According to CEO Jawhar Sircar, close to 20,000 posts are currently vacant in Prasar Bharati. “More than 8,000 of these vacancies are in Doordarshan,” he said, adding that the bulk of DD’s staff currently are engineers and technicians, not journalists. “The main crunch is in the programming and content departments,” Sircar said. There are only 10 station directors in DD at the moment, when there should be 191. Even of those 10, two will retire in the next few months. Station directors are key to good content — they are the people who ensure that anchors and other programming executives are trained before they go on air, and who regularly monitor content across channels. DD, Sircar said, is therefore, squeezed at both ends: it doesn’t have enough junior staff and is forced to hire casual reporters, and it also doesn’t have the senior staff to train these casual employees.
So why isn’t Doordarshan hiring?
Promotions and hirings have been stuck for the past 20 years because of a stand-off between the government and the UPSC. Prasar Bharati was set up as a corporation which, according to UPSC, makes it a public sector undertaking. UPSC’s argument has been that it doesn’t have the mandate to hire for or promote people in a PSU. But the government insists that Prasar employees should be treated on a par with government employees until a formal solution to the problem is found. To resolve the immediate crisis, the government recently mandated the Staff Selection Commission to hire 3,000 junior employees for Prasar.
But if Prasar Bharati is autonomous, why is the government hiring for it?
The Prasar Bharati Act, 1990, provided for a Prasar Bharati Recruitment Board that would independently hire personnel for the public broadcaster. Twenty four years later, the board is yet to be set up. Insiders allege that successive governments have refused to set up the board as that would mean losing control over hiring and firing, besides granting complete autonomy to the public broadcaster in effect. Besides, Prasar Bharati has not been able to generate enough revenue, and the government continues to foot the bill, a situation the latter uses to justify its interference in the functioning of the public broadcaster. “Prasar Bharati is anything but autonomous. Not only salaries, promotions and appraisals too are at the mercy of the government,” said a senior DD official.

Losses to oil companies when  never! that is the propag-anda our govt...Platinum Member
35 Followers
Govt has already used the current opportunity to increase taxes, further oil companies has not yet reduced their prices proportionately to match with the huge savings they had because of the crude oil price reduction which is almost 50 % less than 6 months before and 80% less than one year back.
Nothing mare can be expected , every price rise will be used to hike the price, Govt is not going to reduce the taxes,they never tell about the huge increase in their income when ever there is a price increase in crude price as taxes r levied on the price of the crude. The problem is that the politicians and the higher ups know very well that the illiterate masses can be fooled easily and they always wanted the majority to be so.
India remains to be one of the costliest fuel place although quality of petrol supplied is of inferior quality (lower octane no)For the time being I am trying to be happy with the share market!.
In reply to : dipu_1990 message
2.00 AM Dec 8th

Good morning principle sir .... ha ha .. you are doing...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The promoter increasing the stake continuously in the stock is one of ...Platinum Member
77 Followers
The promoter increasing the stake continuously in the stock is one of the reason which makes it a good buy for long term....Happy Investing :)
In reply to : nirav0459 message
2.18 AM Dec 8th

Govt has already used the current opportunity to increase taxes  furth...Platinum Member
35 Followers
Govt has already used the current opportunity to increase taxes, further oil companies has not yet reduced their prices proportionately to match with the huge savings they had because of the crude oil price reduction which is almost 50 % less than 6 months before and 80% less than one year back.
Nothing mare can be expected , every price rise will be used to hike the price, Govt is not going to reduce the taxes,they never tell about the huge increase in their income when ever there is a price increase in crude price as taxes r levied on the price of the crude. The problem is that the politicians and the higher ups know very well that the illiterate masses can be fooled easily and they always wanted the majority to be so.
India remains to be one of the costliest fuel place although quality of petrol supplied is of inferior quality (lower octane no)For the time being I am trying to be happy with the share market!.
In reply to : dipu_1990 message
2.00 AM Dec 8th

Protesters march in D.C.s Chinatown near Verizon Center  police say rolling road closures in effectProtesters hit the streets again Friday night to demonstrate against police violence in the wake of the deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown. (Reuters)
Updated 12:13 a.m.
A pedestrian was reported struck by a vehicle near the Verizon Center on Friday night at the time of a protest there against grand jury actions in New York and Missouri.
There was no immediate indication whether the pedestrian was linked to the protest, and the extent of any injury was also unclear.
However, the 11 p.m. incident added to commotion connected to the demonstrations, in which protesters have marched through downtown, shutting down several intersections temporarily as they went. In another matter that appeared to contribute to tumult in the area, an arrest was made by Metro Transit officers.
A spokesman for Metro said the officers took someone into custody in an incident that was not linked to either the protest or to the nearby Gallery Place Metro station.
Updated at 8:46 p.m.
D.C. police said demonstrators continue their march throughout the District. They’re now in Adams Morgan, currently blocking the intersection at 18th & Columbia Road NW.
Updated at 8:21 p.m.
D.C. Police said demonstrators have moved to 14th and U streets Northwest, where they are currently blocking the intersection.
Updated at 7:41 p.m.
D.C. Police said demonstrators were moving through Northwest D.C. near the Verizon Center after blocking roads in that area earlier.
Authorities said 7th and H streets NW is “open to traffic” in a message on Twitter. Police said just before 8 p.m. that the protesters were moving westbound in the 900 block of H Street NW and that a group of protesters were headed northbound at 14th and K streets NW.
They also reminded drivers that rolling street closures were in effect.
About 50 protesters lay silently in the street in symbolic remembrance of #EricGarner #Ferguson pic.twitter.com/Dx3YGGmP3M
— Clarence Williams (@nu1wcf) December 6, 2014
Updated at 7:20 p.m.
Protesters are no longer blocking an intersection near the Verizon Center and are moving east on F Street NW, according to D.C. Police.
Authorities said in a tweet that the demonstrators were headed east in the 700 block of F Street NW and that there would be “rolling road closures in effect.” Traffic around the Verizon Center remained congested as demonstrators walked the streets. The demonstrators have done several moments of silence and “die-ins” for around four hours to recognize the four hours that Michael Brown’s body was left in a street in Ferguson.
At one point, about 50 protesters lay silently in the street in a symbolic remembrance of Eric Garner , who was killed in a chokehold position after a confrontation with New York Police Department officers. Demonstrators shouted “If I can’t breathe. You can’t breathe.”
Scenes from the protest –

Dana Hedgpeth and Clarence Williamsdana hedgpeth and clarence williams
Redskins vs. Rams discussion threadBy Keith McMillan December 7
Backup quarterback Robert Griffin III stretches with the team before the game against the Rams. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
Following the win in Dallas on Oct. 27, Washington had won two games in a row, and was 3-5 with what looked like winnable games at Minnesota and against Tampa Bay ahead. Colt McCoy was the starting quarterback. A .500 record seemed possible.
Today, Washington is looking to break a four-game losing streak, falling to the Vikings, Buccaneers and at the 49ers with Robert Griffin III under center. They turned back to McCoy last week for a game at Indianapolis, which they lost by 22.
A .500 record is now impossible. Washington is 3-9, and three-point underdogs at FedEx Field against the 5-7 Rams. They’re trying to salvage something at this point — not the season, but respectability perhaps.
Here’s the spot to discuss it all — and there were plenty of pregame fireworks. We’ll update later with a photo gallery and live-updating box score.
The basics:
Kickoff: 1 p.m. at FedEx Field
TV: Fox (Ch. 5 and 45 locally) | Radio:  980 AM ; 92.7 and 94.3 FM.
Line: Rams by 2.5

RBI working on new monetary policy frameworkRBI working on new monetary policy framework
Mkts may see profit-booking; CPI  IIP data eyed: ExpertsMkts may see profit-booking; CPI  IIP data eyed: Experts
China plans to put rover on Mars by 2020  build a manned space station by 2022China
(A leading Chinese space…)
BEIJING: A leading Chinese space scientist said today that the country could land a rover on Mars by 2020, build a manned space station by 2022 and test a heavy carrier rocket by 2030, as Beijing expands its space programme in a race with India to explore the red planet.
A feasibility study on China's first Mars mission is completed and the goal is now to send an orbiter and rover to Mars, Lei Fanpei , chairman of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, told state-run Xinhua news agency.
There has been no official announcement about a Mars probe yet, but Lei expects a Long March-5 carrier, still at the development stage, to take the orbiter into a Martian orbit by 2020 from a new launch site on south China's Hainan province.
The communist giant made an unsuccessful attempt to reach Mars in 2011 aboard a Russian rocket, but failed to complete the mission because of an accident during orbital transfer, Xinhua report said.
China unveiled its Mars rover, being developed to scurry the floor of the red planet for signs of water and life, at an air show last month.
It plans to test the new machine in the rugged terrain of Tibet as India's Mars Orbiter Mission Mangalyaan is orbiting Mars since 24 September after being launched on 5 November last year by the Indian Space Research Organisation . New US spacecraft Orion, which tested successfully, plans to carry astronauts beyond earth's orbit perhaps to Mars and return.
China plans to deploy a robot similar to the one it sent to Moon and reportedly plans to test in Tibet.
Lei said China's manned space station program is progressing steadily. Various modules, vehicles and ground facilities are nearing readiness.
The lab hopes to replace Mir, the Russian space station which was expected to retire by that time.
Development and manufacture of major space products are at key stages, including the second space lab Tiangong-2, the Tianzhou-1 cargo ship, Long March-7 rockets and Shenzhou-11 spacecraft.
The core module and two space labs will be tested soon, Lei said. A new launch centre in Hainan, the fourth after Taiyuan, Jiuquan and Xichang, is almost complete and can already launch some spacecrafts.
By around 2022, China's first orbiting space station could be completed. It will consist of three parts - a core module attached to two labs, each weighing about 20 tonnes, Xinhua report said.
China is also developing a powerful rocket to back up its future space missions.
"We hope to make breakthroughs within four or five years on design and key technology for the heavy carrier, a solid foundation for developing such a rocket. We hope to finish all these within the next 15 years, so the heavy rocket will make its first maiden flight sometime around 2030," Lei said.
The rocket is envisaged as having a payload capacity of 130 tonnes to low Earth orbit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NBFCs  bad loans may go up to 6.1% in over 3 yrs: CareNBFCs  bad loans may go up to 6.1% in over 3 yrs: Care
Uber drives into trouble as driver held for ...Uber drives itself into possible legal trouble and scrutiny as its driver held for rape in Delhi
ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 03.06AM IST
Tags:
Cab
(Shiv Kumar Yadav was taken…)
NEW DELHI: Taxi-hailing company Uber has driven itself into possible legal trouble and regulatory scrutiny after one of its drivers in New Delhi was arrested for allegedly raping a female customer, evoking comparisons with the December 2012 Nirbhaya rape case that shamed India before the world.
As San Francisco-based Uber scrambled to protest its innocence amid allegations that its quest for speedy growth had led it to compromise with rigour in its driver verification processes, Delhi Police officials said on Sunday they planned to press charges of criminal negligence against the company, potentially exposing its officials in India to the prospect of arrest.
Police have issued a notice to Uber to join the investigation, a process which law enforcement officials said will see its executives being questioned on why no proper records of the driver were maintained and why his police verification was not done. The driver, 32-yearold Shiv Kumar Yadav, a father of three who is accused of assaulting and raping the 26-year-old passenger, an employee in a MNC in Gurgaon, after threatening her with an iron rod and reminding her of Nirbhaya's fate while ferrying her home in the early hours of Saturday, was arrested from his home town Mathura in UP on Sunday evening and was due to be produced in a Delhi court.
Police had no clue about Uber
The prompt arrest could save the government and the Delhi Police, severely bruised by the Nirbhaya rape episode, criticism in Parliament when it opens for business on Monday morning.
But on Sunday evening there was no such comfort for Uber. The episode has left the company, whose actions and language have in recent weeks earned it the ire of many around the world including a sharp rebuke from the Reserve Bank of India, facing its biggest crisis so far besides putting an unflattering spotlight on itself and the entire mobile app-based taxi-hailing industry in the country and raising questions about laxities in their business practices.
The incident, which sparked outrage against Uber on social media, is also forcing regulators and rivals to evaluate the systems in an industry where fierce competition in recent months has seen taxi companies — cab operators and aggregators — aggressively woo customers with price cuts and drivers with incentives. This has led to a no-holds-barred battle where the biggest casualty has been stringent processes required in a consumer-facing business.
While top officials of Uber, one of the world's hottest startups that is estimated to be worth about $40 billion in its most recent round of funding, were unavailable for interviews, the company said in a series of blog posts that it will work with the police in the investigation of what it said was an "abhorrent crime". Uber also defended its driver vetting processes, saying it only partners with registered for-hire drivers who had undergone the commercial licensing process, hold governmentissued IDs, state-issued permits, and carry full commercial insurance.
"Uber also has a GPS trace and record of all trips that occur on the platform — information that has been shared with the authorities. We will continue to cooperate fully with law enforcement officials in their investigation to bring this crime to justice," it said, adding that as soon as it was notified of the incident, its team immediately provided the local authorities with all relevant information about the driver, his vehicle and the trip.
Uber, which has approximately 10,000 drivers registered on its platform in India, puts the onus of verification of drivers on the government licensing authority. But Delhi Police officials, who initially had no clue about the company or its operations and had to download the app, hail a cab and ask the driver to take them to Uber's offices in Gurgaon, were unimpressed by the company's explanation.
As were officials in the home ministry, who said they had no clue about the company, highlighting the regulatory grey zone under which Uber operated. Taxi service aggregators such as Uber, Ola and TaxiForSure do not directly employ drivers and only provide the technology to link them with customers through their applications.
"It is a concern how Uber was offering cab services in Delhi without even basic police verification of drivers. There is no scope for such negligence, especially after the Nirbhaya gangrape incident had brought the focus firmly on safe public transport for women in the Capital. A serious view is being taken," a senior home ministry official told ET. The home ministry brass has asked the Delhi Police to submit a comprehensive report of the incident as well as Uber's nature of operations in the Capital, a senior ministry official said.

Sahara to sell Jodhpur  Mumbai land parcels for Rs 1 251 croreSahara to sell Jodhpur  Mumbai land parcels for Rs 1 251 crore
Flags cross-border corporate debt from emerging marketsFlags cross-border corporate debt from emerging markets
Plan panel not a socialist hangover  disbanding unwarranted: CongCMsWritten by Manoj C G | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:28 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 2:33 am
Setting the stage for a prolonged confrontation, the chief ministers of Congress-ruled states on Sunday aggressively opposed Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s proposal to replace the Planning Commission with another body. They called the proposal “half-baked” and the move “unilateral” and argued that the plan panel — a symbol of Jawaharlal Nehru’s socialist approach to economic development — is not a “socialist hangover” as it being made out to be.
“The perception that the Planning Commission is a socialist hangover and has no role in a market economy is not correct,” Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said. Similarly, his Uttarakhand counterpart Harish Rawat said, “Even in a market economy, there are aspects that need planning as they require cooperation of multiple layers of government cutting across different sectors as also the private sector and the civil society.”
“Perhaps, what is required is to reorient and reform the Commission to meet the needs of the current era. I would like to emphasise that such replacement, without carefully devising the new structure to meet the obligations of our polity and economy, is likely to do more harm than good,” Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi said.
The Congress and its chief ministers accused the BJP government of announcing the decision unilaterally which they said went against the grain of the federal structure.
“The central government’s arbitrary decision to dismantle the Planning Commission, without convening a meeting of the NDC or consulting the states undermines the federal structure,” Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy said and called the proposal “half baked”.
Rawat said, “One of the ostensible reasons was to promote greater federalism and grant autonomy to the states. However, it would have been a better convention if the states had been consulted before making such announcement.”
While the opposition of the Congress chief ministers was on expected lines, it seems the party high command had provided them the counter points as there was an amazing similarity in their views, not just on broad ideas but also in sentence construction.
Senior Congress leader Anand Sharma called the move short-sighted and dangerous. “There may have been shortcomings of the Planning Commission but it also had inherent strengths. What the Planning Commission needs is re-orientation and not renaming or a political burial,” he said. Sharma warned that the move will have long term adverse impact on Central-State relations.
Apart from opposing the move, the Congress chief ministers also went into the nitty-gritty. Rawat said, “In the social sector, issues of women and children cannot be assigned to a single ministry. Any single ministry on its own cannot bring down infant mortality rate or maternal mortality rate… The proposed move to distribute the functions of Planning Commission to Ministry of Finance and Subject Matter Ministries will only result in loss of overarching vision and perspective.”
The ministries in their silos, he said, will not be able to appreciate anything beyond their vision. The Planning Commission, he said, provided the checks and balances. Rawat suggested that the instead of creating a new body, the Planning Commission be given statutory status, states be given proper representation in it and dispute resolution mechanism be inserted.

Manchester City win  but loseAgueroBy: Associated Press | Manchester |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:20 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 1:34 pm
An injury to star striker Sergio Aguero cast a shadow over Manchester City’s hard-fought 1-0 win over Everton in the English Premier League on Saturday. Yaya Toure converted a first-half penalty as City cut Chelsea’s lead at the top to only three points, but the immediate concern was for top scorer Aguero.
The Argentine appeared in tears after hurting his left knee in the second minute of what proved a dull contest at Etihad , giving City a major Champions League fitness scare. City travels to Roma for its decisive final group game on Wednesday. It is already without the suspended Toure while two other key players, Vincent Kompany and David Silva, require fitness tests.
“(Aguero) has a problem in his ligament, in his knee,” City manager Manuel Pellegrini said. “We will see tomorrow how serious it is but it’s not good news, I don’t think he will be able to play next week.” Aguero went down clutching his knee after a challenge by Muhamed Besic.
He limped halfway round the field and headed down the tunnel, leaving City anxiously awaiting news of his condition.
Edin Dzeko, back on the bench after a calf injury, initially seemed the man to take his place but Pellegrini opted to give youngster Jose Pozo a chance in the lone front role. The loss of Aguero dampened the atmosphere and it was not until the 20th minute that City first seriously threatened but Toure dragged a shot well wide.
The picture changed soon after when referee Andre Marriner pointed to the spot after a coming together between James Milner and Phil Jagielka in the area. Milner went down but quickly got up and did not appear to be looking for a penalty, but Marriner felt he had been impeded. Toure did not argue and rifled home the spot kick.
Chances were few and far between, although Samir Nasri created a good opportunity for City with a nice turn, only for Sylvain Distin to get his head in the way. At the other end Kevin Mirallas had a volley deflected wide as he latched on to Pablo Zabaleta’s clearance.
Andy Carroll displayed the attributes that once made him one of the world’s most expensive players to guide West Ham to a 3-1 win over Swansea and third place in the English Premier League on Sunday.
Aston Villa also rallied Sunday to beat bottom side Leicester 2-1 and seal back-to-back wins that lifted the team clear of relegation trouble and into 11th place.
After Ron, leo scores hat-trick
Lionel Messi scored yet another hat-trick and surpassed 400 club goals as Barcelona came from behind to win the Catalan derby 5-1 against Espanyol in La Liga on Sunday.
The Argentine, who holds the La Liga and Champions League scoring records, produced a now familiar devastating performance to continued…

Together  they fly Guinness flagUpdated: December 8, 2014 02:47 IST
Together, they fly Guinness flag
Staff Reporter
Tweet
PTI
An aerial view of the national flag formed by volunteers who created a Guinness record in Chennai on Sunday.
30,000 Chennaiites break record with ‘human Tricolour’
At 4 a.m. on Sunday, Chennaiites started gathering at the YMCA grounds here; a few hours later, a Guinness World Record was broken. Over 30,000 people came together to create the world’s largest human formation of a national flag, surpassing Pakistan in this feat.
Nine months ago, a sports club in Lahore made the first attempt to create a human national flag of Pakistan with 28,957 people and held the record for the largest formation till Sunday.
Seyda Subasi-Gemici, adjudicator of Guinness World Records Ltd., said, “It is a big historical day for India. I was very touched when I saw people gather around 5 a.m. and wait till noon in this heat to be a part of this event. They have truly showed their unity today.”
India is prepared to create such huge records and they can recreate this at any point in time, she added.
She recollected how she visited Chennai last year for “Parle Golu Galatta 2011,” the largest doll collection.
Isak Nazar, Governor of Rotary Club International 3230 that organised the event, said, “This achievement that people of Chennai have made is special. We organised this event to instil patriotism among the people and let future generations know about the importance of national flag.”
Planning for the event started 10 months ago.
“We mobilised people from colleges and corporate firms over a period of time. We had a set of architects who planned this,” Mr. Nazar said.

Dissent surfaces again at FedEx Field— Scott Allen (@ScottSAllen) December 7, 2014
People filing out of FedEx so this guy just lit up a cigarette in the stands: pic.twitter.com/omlnZ0S34F
— Chase Hughes (@chasehughesCSN) December 7, 2014
Of course, there was at least one bright spot.
Gotta say, best cell coverage ever at a #Redskins game.
— David Heyman (@dcborn61) December 7, 2014
And at least one happy cheer.
I've heard two 'Let's go Wizards' chants start at FedEx today. Biggest applause of the afternoon.
— Chase Hughes (@chasehughesCSN) December 7, 2014
In truth, the fans at home weren’t feeling much better.
#Redskins #HTTR Our offense is clearly dysfunctional regardless of QB.
— Larry Brown (@LarryBrown43) December 7, 2014
These two seasons will be EASILY the most CONTEMPTIBLE back-to-back campaigns in my lifetime. Dysfunction. Infighting. Hideous football.
— Steve Czaban (@czabe) December 7, 2014
The #Redskins are catastrophically bad in almost every aspect of professional football.
— Burgundy Blog (@BurgundyBlog) December 7, 2014
Awful players, awful coaches, awful executives, awful owner, awful field, awful stadium, awful PR. Hail to the #Redskins .
— Burgundy Blog (@BurgundyBlog) December 7, 2014
I hate the team that I love.
— danny rouhier (@funnydanny) December 7, 2014
Put us out of our misery. Move the team to LA. I'm begging you. Make it go away.
— Eric Bickel (@EBJunkies) December 7, 2014
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Indian PM looks to eastern state for future of farmingIndian PM looks to eastern state for future of farming
BIS warns financial markets could be fragileBIS warns financial markets could be fragile
SBI to take final call on USD 1 bn loan to Adani in 3 monthsSBI to take final call on USD 1 bn loan to Adani in 3 months
What do u mean plz clarify.....I`ll only give the basic analysis for now :
The good points :
1) It`s an IT products company and has several good products.
2) It`s EPS is almost going to be 4 now , therefore its still cheap .
3) Promoters increased their holding by a small bit .
4) Debt is very less
5) Promoters have issued warrants to themselves and to other strategic investors
Major negatives :
1) Promoter holding has always been and is still pretty low
2) It lacks growth , topline has indeed doubled in last 5 years but it`s still quite less . This qtr the topline was lesser than last qtr .
3) Margins were low in the previous years despite rise in topline , the bottomline was still not rising .
4) Carries more risk than Kellton overall but it`s at half the valuation at which Kellton trades at .

Only calls ! no talks ! paisa kamao life banao ! mla zindabad !New Member
2 Followers
Silver prices are also relatively strong, benefiting from gold’s performance. Electronic trading of Comex March silver futures opened the Sunday evening/Monday morning session at $16.250 an ounce, down from Friday`s pit close of $16.258 an ounce. At the open, prices quickly fell to an early session low of $16.165 an ounce. Prices have recovered since the open and as of 9:12 p.m. EST March silver was trading at 16.275 a ounce.
Analysts at HSBC said in a recent note that they expect prices will continue to fall in the near-term as the U.S. economy picks up momentum. This was reflected in the stronger-than-expected employment numbers, adding expectations that the Fed will hike interest rates sooner rather than later.
In reply to : McxLooto message
9.14 AM Dec 8th

Mcx looters association (mla) zindabad !Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Nothing is impossible in this market   we see 5cr compny growin to 100...Gold Member
33 Followers
Reposted about 12 days 9 hrs 11 min 58 sec ago by sbkjrf123 and 1 others
ROCE(Return on Capital Employed) & ROE or RONW (Return on Equity / Return on Networth): Both of these ratios should be at an average of 15%  of past 10 years company performance.  Just compare these two which I had taken 5 years (2010-2014) figures for comparison from money control.
JBMA:  ROCE= 12.90% and RONW = 11.00%
ATUL AUTO:  ROCE = 37.65% and RONW = 26.20%
See the fantastic figures of AA they speak, their Nov14 sales improved more than 18%,  FV is same as JBMA.  I am not finding fault with JBMA and its management.  But their venturing in bus project may face severe competition from old peers like VECV, Tatamotors, Ashokleyland etc.  More over sourcing 500cr.funds not yet clear. Where they will fix floor price for FCCB/QIP and how smoothly it will go through don’t know.  See Ceat Ltd after QIP issued shares at 880/piece, liquidity improved and stock down by 150 from its 52w high.
I had lost nearly 100/share in JBMA and today shifted to Atul Auto at 624 which I hope may recoup my loss though I got 1/3rd of AA stock after exiting from JBMA.  I luckily hold 5% of my portfolio in JBMA kept as risk part even that why should it go on loss.  Here in this board everybody is blindly following 2 senior boarders which may not correct and I am not find fault with them.  Ok those who have invested in jbma before split and bonus might be happy as they earned more profit, but those entered newly at higher levels must be vigilant.  The stock has fallen its high of 309 and continuously maintaining its down side.  One can go through everybody’s views but ultimately fundamentals speak and final decision shall be one’s own as we are dealing with our money.  Finally there is no doubt that auto and auto ancillary sector will do better for the next 3 years at least but differs from company to company.

Was Rolling Stone negligent  and could it face a libel suitBy Eugene Volokh December 6 Follow @volokhc
Students walk to campus past the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, Va., on Nov. 24. Rolling Stone is casting doubt on the account it published of a young woman who says she was gang-raped at a Phi Kappa Psi fraternity party at the school, saying there now appear to be discrepancies in the student’s account. (Steve Helber/AP)
Several readers have asked: If the Rolling Stone article describing the alleged gang rape of a UVA student at a Phi Kappa Psi fraternity party is materially false, could the Rolling Stone be successfully sued for libel? This is a good illustration of some important libel law principles, so I thought I’d write about it.
Let me stress up front, though, that my strength is in libel law, not in investigative reporting. I haven’t done any independent investigation of the facts; instead, I’ll describe how the law would likely apply to the facts as they have been reported, including in this Post article by T. Rees Shapiro . Naturally, if new facts come to light, that would affect the legal analysis, and of course if the charges in the Rolling Stone story prove to be accurate, then there would be no libel claim. Let me also stress that the most interesting and important issues raised by this controversy, whether about rape, about the proper procedures for considering allegations of rape, or about journalistic ethics , are not issues related to libel law — it’s just that libel law is the area that I am most equipped to discuss here.
1. Let us begin with who might be able to sue; I will discuss in Part 2 what sort of evidence they would have to point to (for instance, with regard to the magazine’s alleged negligence) in order to win.
A. Individually recognizable rapists: Naturally, if a story sufficiently identifies a real person, and falsely accuses him of rape (whether he participates through physical conduct or by egging on the rapists), he can sue. But “Drew,” the alleged victim’s date, and someone who allegedly lured her to the place where she was raped, isn’t identified by name — the story labels him as someone “whom we’ll call Drew.”
He is identified as a junior, a Phi Kappa Psi member, and a swimming pool lifeguard who worked with Jackie. But that seems inadequate to point to anyone in particular, especially if it is true that — as the fraternity asserts  — no Phi Kappa Psi member actually worked as a lifeguard. There just doesn’t seem to be a person to whom someone could reasonably (but mistakenly) point and say, “that’s probably that ‘Drew’ scumbag from the Rolling Stone article.”
The matter might be different as to the rapist whom Jackie says she recognized as having “attended her tiny anthropology discussion group.” If a Phi Kappa Psi member was indeed in that group, then he might be so identified by fellow group members, and by anyone whom they tell about this. (I think reasonable readers could infer from the article that all or most of the alleged rapists were claimed to be Phi Kappa Psi members.) I haven’t seen, though, any published reports confirming whether there was a Phi Kappa Psi member in that group. Likewise, if there was only one man in the discussion group, then he too could be reasonably perceived as the alleged rapist by readers who know he was in the group, but who don’t know what fraternity he was in — for instance, other discussion group members, or other classmates who had seen the discussion group together and remembered who was in it.
The story also says that the rapists “called each other nicknames like Armpit and Blanket.” If those are actual nicknames of Phi Kappa Psi members, then they could have a case, on the theory that they were defamed in the eyes of those who knew the nicknames. Identifying an alleged criminal by his nickname can be libel, so long as some people would recognize the person by that nickname. But if these names are fictionalized (the “like” is somewhat ambiguous here), then again no-one would be identifiable enough to qualify as a potential plaintiff under this theory.
B. Defamation of a Group: Can all members of the UVA Phi Kappa Psi chapter, though, sue on the theory that the statement injures their reputations? There’s actually a considerable body of law on such questions. Restatement (Second) of Torts § 564A is generally seen as a fair and influential summary of the law, and here are some key excerpts (slightly rearranged):
One who publishes defamatory matter concerning a group or class of persons is subject to liability to an individual member of it if, but only if,
(a) the group or class is so small that the matter can reasonably be understood to refer to the member, or
(b) the circumstances of publication reasonably give rise to the conclusion that there is particular reference to the member….
[Comments:] When the group or class defamed is sufficiently small, the words may reasonably be understood to have personal reference and application to any member of it, so that he is defamed as an individual. In this case he can recover for defamation. Thus the statement that “That jury was bribed” may reasonably be understood to mean that each of the twelve jurymen has accepted a bribe. It is not possible to set definite limits as to the size of the group or class, but the cases in which recovery has been allowed usually have involved numbers of 25 or fewer. [Some cases do allow recovery as to larger groups, perhaps up to 70 or so, though these are unusual. -EV] …
Even when the statement made does not purport to include all of the small group or class but only some of them, as in the case of “Some of A’s children are thieves,” it is still possible for each member of the group to be defamed by the suspicion attached to him by the accusation. In general, there can be recovery only if a high degree of suspicion is indicated by the particular statement. Thus the assertion that one man out of a group of 25 has stolen an automobile may not sufficiently defame any member of the group, while the statement that all but one of a group of 25 are thieves may cast a reflection upon each of them….
Illustration 2. A newspaper publishes the statement that the officials of a labor organization are engaged in subversive activities. There are 162 officials. Neither the entire group nor any one of them can recover for defamation….
Illustration 3. A newspaper publishes a statement that the officers of a corporation have embezzled its funds. There are only four officers. Each of them can be found to be defamed….
Illustration 4. A magazine publishes the statement that most of the sales staff of a department store are homosexuals. The store employs 25 salesmen. It can be found that each of them is defamed. [Today, a charge of homosexuality may not be seen as defamatory, the way it was when the Restatement (Second) was published, but that’s a separate issue. -EV]
I don’t know how large Phi Kappa Psi is, but as I understand it there are 16,000 undergrads at UVA , of whom about 30 percent are in fraternities or sororities , and there are about 30 fraternities . Assuming that half of the Greek system members are men, there would be about 80 members per fraternity.
If that’s about the size of Phi Kappa Psi, then it might be too large for the defamation-of-a-group theory to apply, especially since the allegation is just about nine members (again, assuming the article is read as suggesting that all or most of the rapists were fraternity members). But on the other hand, the Rolling Stone article appears to suggest that this was an initiation ritual for the fraternity’s members, which could be seen as implying that most fraternity members had likewise participated in other gang rapes. And that could indeed “cast a reflection upon each [fraternity member]” (to quote the Restatement) and “defame[ each] by the suspicion attached to him by the accusation.”
Careful readers will have noticed that this defamation-of-a-group theory could apply much more firmly to the men in Jackie’s “tiny anthropology discussion group,” if there were only two or three: A man’s being identified as being 50 percent or even 33 percent likely to be a rapist certainly “cast[s] a reflection” and “defame[s] by the suspicion attached to him by the accusation.” Those men, though, would probably be identifiable as such only to a small number of people (unless they had somehow been publicly identified following the publication of the story), so the damage to them would likely be considerably less than to the Phi Kappa Psi members.
C. Defamation of the fraternity: Corporations and unincorporated associations that have recognized legal identities (such as unions, partnerships and the like) can also sue for defamation that causes injury to their organizational reputation, independently of whether any member was defamed. For instance, if someone falsely accuses a corporation of defrauding customers, this might hurt the corporation’s reputation even apart from injury to any particular employee’s reputation. And this is true even for nonprofit corporations, see, e.g., Lega Siciliana Social Club, Inc. v. St. Germain (Conn. Ct. App. 2003) ; Gorman v. Swaggart (La. Ct. App. 1988) (yes, that’s the Swaggart you’re thinking of). As the Restatement (Second) of Torts § 561(b) puts it,
One who publishes defamatory matter concerning a corporation is subject to liability to it … if, although not for profit, it depends upon financial support from the public, and the matter tends to interfere with its activities by prejudicing it in public estimation.
The allegations of such group misconduct at the fraternity house certainly do harm the fraternity as an organization “in public estimation.” Therefore, if the chapter has independent legal existence, whether as a corporation or as an unincorporated association, and if it can show loss of income from potential members or from donors — or other loss stemming from, for instance, punishment by the university — then it could potentially prevail on this. And the central fraternity could also sue for similar losses, on the theory that its reputation has been tarnished both at UVA and elsewhere.
On the other hand, the organizations can’t recover damages for the emotional distress flowing from the injury to their reputations (since they lack emotions). Individuals can recover such emotional distress damage, even above and beyond actual lost income.
D. Defamation of identified university officials or of identifiable allegedly callous friends of Jackie’s: I won’t talk about this much, because this post is already very long, but I want to flag this for those who are interested. The general issues here would be the usual ones: Are the statements false? Was the Rolling Stone negligent in publishing the statements (or, as to sufficiently high-level government officials, whether it acted with recklessness or knowledge of falsehood)? Are the people sufficiently identifiable? Were the statements such as would defame a person?
And, you must be thinking, even if the statements aren’t defamatory, would saying such falsehoods about someone be highly offensive to a reasonable person, which might lead to recovery under the “false light” tort, right? Aha! Got you there, smarty-pants legal eagle: The false light tort isn’t recognized in Virginia . (Okay, I hadn’t known that either, until I checked just now.)
2. Say that a fraternity member, all fraternity members, or the fraternity itself can sue, and say that the statements are false and defamatory. What more do the plaintiffs need to show to prevail?
A. The fraternity members are almost certainly “private figures,” and I suspect that the local chapter and even the national fraternity likely would be, too. When an organization is a public figure is an unsettled question. Believe it or not, Computer Aid, Inc. v. Hewlett-Packard Co. (E.D. Pa. 1999) concluded that Hewlett-Packard isn’t a public figure, and while I think that’s wrong, public figure status isn’t as broadly imposed on corporations as one might think.
In particular, a precedent in the federal Fourth Circuit (which contains Virginia), Blue Ridge Bank v. Veribanc, Inc. (4th Cir. 1989) concludes that the bank wasn’t a public figure. This suggests that a fraternity chapter and even the national fraternity probably wouldn’t be one, either. And, again, the individual members wouldn’t be public figures, unless there’s something about them that I don’t know.
B. Private figures can recover for “actual harm inflicted by defamatory falsehood” — including “impairment of reputation and standing in the community, personal humiliation, and mental anguish and suffering” — if they can show that the defendant was negligent in its investigation.
Was Rolling Stone negligent? Let’s start with Rolling Stone’s recently posted note to readers, acknowledging doubt in the story, which states:
Because of the sensitive nature of Jackie’s story, we decided to honor her request not to contact the man she claimed orchestrated the attack on her nor any of the men she claimed participated in the attack for fear of retaliation against her. In the months Erdely spent reporting the story, Jackie neither said nor did anything that made Erdely, or Rolling Stone’s editors and fact-checkers, question Jackie’s credibility. Her friends and rape activists on campus strongly supported Jackie’s account. She had spoken of the assault in campus forums. We reached out to both the local branch and the national leadership of the fraternity where Jackie said she was attacked. They responded that they couldn’t confirm or deny her story but had concerns about the evidence.
Assuming this is true, I think it was probably negligent for Rolling Stone to publish the accusations without checking at all with the alleged rapists. Negligence is of course a famously vague standard; but it seems to me that publishing a story such as this, without trying to talk to the alleged rapists, would indeed be negligent. To be sure, their denials might just be unverifiable self-interested lies — but they could also be independently verifiable: “Drew,” for instance, might have pointed out that he wasn’t a Phi Kappa Psi member, the anthropology study group member might have had an alibi, and so on.
That Jackie’s friends and campus activists “strongly supported Jackie’s account,” I think, isn’t enough to make it reasonable not to check with the alleged rapists. The friends and campus activists likely knew the facts only based on what Jackie said (and perhaps based on their observation of Jackie that night, which could show that she was injured but not who injured her or how).
At most, their support for Jackie’s story shows that Jackie had been making the same statements for some time. Even that’s not clear: The Shapiro story in the Post reports that the friends now say that “details of the attack” as recounted by Jackie — such as the number of attackers and the nature of the attack — “have changed over time.” Moreover, the Shapiro story reports that one of Jackie’s friends who supposedly met her later that night and tried to help her says “he never spoke to a Rolling Stone reporter” and “dispute[s various] details of [the Rolling Stone] article’s account.” All this makes me wonder how thoroughly the Rolling Stone interviewed even her friends.
But in any event, they weren’t witnesses to the alleged rape. The only witnesses were Jackie and the alleged rapists, and Rolling Stone didn’t call the alleged rapists.
For much the same reason, I don’t think the calls to the local or national fraternity were reasonable substitutes for interviewing the alleged rapists. This is especially so if Rolling Stone asked the fraternities not to talk to the alleged rapists themselves (or didn’t give the fraternities enough information with which to identify the alleged rapists), which is what I infer from the magazine’s “fear of retaliation” justification — after all, if the feared retaliation prevented the magazine from talking to the alleged rapists directly, it’s hard to see why the magazine would have encouraged the fraternity leadership to talk to the alleged rapists.
This leaves the fear of retaliation point, which might in some cases be relevant to the negligence inquiry. Negligence has to do with lack of reasonable conduct given all the circumstances — a sort of cost-benefit analysis — and if asking certain questions risks retaliation against an alleged victim, that might (in some situations) justify not asking those questions.
But I just can’t see how this argument would work here. Jackie talked to the reporter expecting the story to be published (though she at some point tried to back out). She knew that the alleged rapists would see the article when it was published.
Why would the risk of retaliation (physical or social) be substantially greater if the alleged rapists were called for their side of the story and thus learned about the article shortly before it was published? Interviewing the alleged rapists would thus have potentially had great benefit when it comes to figuring out the truth, and very little cost; failure to do so thus seems unreasonable.
C. Private figures can also recover “presumed damages” — damages aimed at compensating for likely harm to reputation even if no specific financial loss can be proved — and punitive damages if the defendant published statements knowing that they were false, or with reckless disregard of the risk of falsehood. (This is often called the “actual malice” standard, though that is a legal term of art that has little to do with “actual malice” in the plain English sense of the word; I’ll instead call this the “recklessness” standard, since in this case the allegation would be that Rolling Stone was reckless about the risk of falsehood, not that it deliberately lied.) Even public figures can recover actual damages, presumed damages, and punitive damages if they can show this recklessness as to falsehood. The difference between private and public figures here is just that private figures can recover actual damages based on just a showing of negligence.
This recklessness standard requires proof that the defendant was subjectively aware of a strong likelihood of falsehood; negligent (and even grossly negligent) failure to investigate, by itself, doesn’t prove recklessness. But when reporters and editors had reason to think that a charge is “highly improbable,” and were “aware that [someone] was a key witness and that they failed to make any effort to interview [him],” that could be evidence that “the [publication’s] inaction was a product of a deliberate decision not to acquire knowledge of facts that might confirm the probable falsity of [the accuser’s] charges.” (I quote here from Harte-Hanks Communications, Inc. v. Connaughton (1989) ; see also Curtis Publishing Co. v. Butts (1967) .)
Moreover, while different people might dispute whether the accusations here were indeed “highly improbable,” a plaintiff could subpoena the editors and ask whether they themselves consciously entertained doubts about the story. Herbert v. Lando (1979) confirms that such discovery is potentially available.
If the discovery reveals that some editors did think this story was highly improbable, or otherwise had doubts about the story, that conscious doubt coupled with the “fail[ure] to make any effort to interview” “key witness[es]” could be sufficient evidence of “a deliberate decision not to acquire knowledge of facts that might confirm the probable falsity of [the accuser’s] charges.” And that in turn would satisfy the recklessness standard.
To be sure, this recklessness standard is much harder to meet than the negligence standard. (That’s why it’s important that the plaintiffs probably could collect substantial damages even under the negligence standard, assuming the hurdles in part 1 above are passed.) And it’s impossible to tell whether the recklessness standard can be met without knowing more about the currently confidential details of the Rolling Stone investigation. But, unlike in many libel cases, I do think that it’s conceivable that this standard could be met here.
3. Finally, let me close with a pragmatic note of caution (similar to the one I noted as to the Lena Dunham controversy ).
Right now, the Phi Kappa Psi members from that year have apparently not been broadly and publicly identified. They know that if someone Googles their names, most of them won’t come up in a “Controversy about the UVA Gang Rape Fraternity Allegations” story. But if they sue — one former member has reportedly already hired a lawyer — and even if they win, their names likely will come up in such a story, and some people will believe the allegations more than the vindication (or will just remember the allegations more than the vindication).
Would you rather be known to prospective employers, clients, friends, and lovers as “the frat guy in that story I read about the alleged frat gang rape, and apparently he was cleared or there was a settlement or something”? Or would you rather that the story not be part of their perception of you at all? One practical check on meritless libel lawsuits (filed, for instance, to buffalo a poor defendant into submission) is that they draw more attention to the reputation-injuring allegation, and can thus backfire against the plaintiff. But unfortunately that is also a practical check on meritorious libel lawsuits as well.
In any event, if you’re still reading, thanks! And if I’ve erred in any of this, please let me know (preferably with some specific legal or factual details).
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Rafa wouldve still beaten me many times: Fe...Rafael Nadal would’ve still beaten me many times, says Roger Federer
Akshay Sawai, ET Bureau Dec 7, 2014, 08.05PM IST
Tags:
International Premier Tennis League
("I tried to change to a larger…)
NEW DELHI: Roger Federer said here on Sunday that switching to a larger racquet earlier in his career wouldn't necessarily have improved his performance against arch-rival Rafael Nadal , who leads their head-to-head record 23-10.
"I tried to change to a larger racquet five years ago. But it's difficult to do that when you are having so many victories with your existing racquet. As for Rafa, he is a great player, very hard to beat. He'd have still beaten me many times," Federer said graciously at a press conference at the International Premier Tennis League ( IPTL ).
In 2014, Federer hired Stefan Edberg as coach, attacked the net more and, most significantly, switched to a bigger racquet. The result was that the Swiss legend had a more rewarding year than 2013, when he slipped to No. 8. Federer's fans were thrilled, and believed that he should have made these changes a few years ago. It might have brought him more success against Nadal.
Federer also stood by his decision to play without a coach for a number of years. "Being on my own, without a coach or a management team, I learnt so much. It was an amazing time for me and my wife and I wouldn't change anything even if I had to do it again."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bank for International Settlements warns of market fragility despite bullish moodBank for International Settlements warns of market fragility despite bullish mood
Bomb threat on Jammu-Delhi Rajdhani; Army starts search | High alert in HaridwarArmy
(The alert was passed on to…)
CHANDIGARH: Delhi-bound Rajdhani Express from Jammu was stopped and thoroughly searched by the Army and police tonight at Pathankot in Punjab after authorities received an specific alert about the presence of an explosive in the train.
The alert was passed on to Punjab police by their J-K counterpart, following which the search operation was launched, a senior police official said.
Nearly 150 security personnel including three DSP-rank Punjab Police officers, a SP-rank officer, besides Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel thoroughly searched the train at Pathankot Cantt station, about 250 kms from here, Pathankot SSP Rakesh Kaushal said.
Later, the Army's help was also sought which also joined the search for presence of any explosive, he added.
After being stopped at Pathankot Cantt station at around 9:30 PM, the search by the Army carried well past midnight.
"There was a specific input passed on by the DGP of J&K Police to us after which we acted swiftly and started searching the train thoroughly. We did not want to take any chances. We also sought the Army's help," Kaushal said.
Notably, security forces were on maximum alert in the wake of December 5 terror attacks carried out by the militants in J&K. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is also scheduled to address poll rally in the Valley tomorrow.
Pathankot town in Punjab is located along the Punjab-J&K border.
Asked if the input passed on by J&K police mentioned that a bomb could have been placed inside the train, the SSP said, "there was threat input...we swung into action immediately. The passengers may have been inconvenienced, but for us their safety and security was paramount."
The passengers were asked to disembark from the train, which had left Jammu at around 7:45 PM to reach Pathankot after 9:30 PM, after traveling a distance of about 100 km.
Dog squad, bomb disposal squad and other equipment were used to search the train for presence of any explosive.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bihar CM questions timing to scrappanelBy: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:43 am
Stressing on the relevance of the Planning Commission, Bihar CM Jeetan Ram Manjhi Sunday questioned the need to dismantle the agency.
“We still believe that the timing and relevance of restructuring the Planning Commission at this juncture is not appropriate as we are in the midst of the 12th Plan period and all of our developmental strategies are committed to this Five-Year Plan,” he said at the meeting of chief ministers.
While Manjhi conceded that the agency has been unable to fulfil its mandate completely, particularly with respect to reducing inter-regional disparities, he said any substantial change in the planning strategy now would create confusion in ongoing developmental programmes and projects.
Manjhi said an appropriate forum for this discussion would have been at a meeting of the National Development Council. “It would have been more fruitful if the alternative structure and modalities that are being proposed could have been circulated beforehand to the states…The manner in which this meeting has been convened… is pointing to the fact that you have already made up your mind on the subject and the states are here, merely to put their stamp on it,” he said.

Move to replace plan panel unilateral  will opposeitClimbing down from his earlier adamant stand there wouldn't be a review of the new liquor policy, Chandy said the policy would be altered factoring in practical and legal aspects. (Source: PTI)
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:41 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 10:08 am
After the meeting, Kerala CM Oommen Chandy tells Manoj CG that the Planning Commission should get another chance. Excerpts
PM Narendra Modi has proposed replacing the Planning Commission with a new body. As a Congress CM, what are your views?
We favour reorientation of the Planning Commission. However, replacing it with another body is not right. We agree changes can be made to meet current requirements. But, one should not forget that India as we see today is because of the Commission’s policies. It has played a pivotal role in the country’s development. You cannot abolish such a body in such haste.
Was that the view of all the Congress CMs?
Yes. All Congress CMs were of the same view. Even many of the non-BJP CMs said there can be changes to improve the panel’s functioning. This system has been in place since the 1950s. But, the government is planning to do away with the commission without proposing a credible alternative. It is a unilateral decision.
Why do you feel it is a unilateral decision?
The Centre did not consult the CMs before announcing the decision. The PM spoke about it in his Independence Day speech. They could have called a National Development Council meeting. The proposal appears to be half-baked. Had the Centre proposed a better model, we could have discussed. It seems they are going to think and give shape to the alternative model now.
It seems the Centre is keen to go ahead with its plans.
They are a democratically elected government with a majority. If they still go ahead despite our objections, we will oppose. We will take our stand to the people. The Finance Commission and the Planning Commission are bodies which involve the states. If the states’ views are not heeded, then it will set a wrong precedent.
You suggested that the  functioning of the panel can be improved. Do you have any suggestions?
We are ready. But, the Centre seems to have made up its mind. One should remember that the reality at the time of Independence was very different. There was major food grain shortage. Industrial growth was dismal. Today, India exports food grains. India ranks among the top 10 countries when it comes to industrial growth. And the planning commission played a key role in this all round development.
Do you think the Centre’s move is in the spirit of BJP’s mantra of cooperative federalism?
I don’t want to make a political argument. But, I can say that the way it is being done, without consulting chief ministers, undermines the federal structure. The Centre cannot take such an unilateral continued…

Animals at Delhi zoo get a warmtreatmentBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:35 am
Anticipating a further drop in temperatures soon, the Delhi zoo is now busy making arrangements to keep its inhabitants warm over the next few months.
Riyaz Khan, zoo curator (education), said each animal’s individual needs have been evaluated and measure have introduced keeping those in mind. “ Several arrangements such as heaters, wooden platforms, blankets and beds of chaff as well as diet changes have been made for the animals,” Khan said.
For instance, the zoo will provide blankets to the Hoolock Gibbon — India’s only ape species. The National Zoological Park in Delhi is attempting to become the first zoo in northern India to successfully breed these gibbons which are endemic to the rainforests and have had difficulty in the past with Delhi’s severe, dry winters.
Zoo authorities said blankets had also been provided to the zoo’s Chimpanzee population.
Authorities said diets of its inhabitants had also been modified. “Meat intake of large carnivores, especially big cats such as lions, tigers, jaguars and leopards, goes up by one or two kilogram per animal,” an official said, while adding that gooseberries had been added to the diet of herbivores such as deer and hippopotamus.
Khan said diets had also been modified to compensate for reduced water intake. “To substitute for the reduced water intake, we provide animals with glucose,” he said.
Birds will be fed sunflower seeds, while elephants and rhinoceroses are provided food with measured quantities of mustard oil to keep them warm, Khan said.
Enclosures have been furnished with wooden platforms, curtains and heaters to keep the animals warm. “Chaff beds and straw mattresses have also been provided in some enclosures,” an official said, curtains and nets had been put in open enclosures, such as those meant for bears, to avoid cases of illness due to the cold.
Officials said low temperatures can make animals inactive. So objects for recreation such as swings for monkeys, food baskets for deer, logs of wood for elephants, had been provided to keep the animals busy.

A thumbs-up for move from BJP CMs  and a fewsuggestionsBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:33 am
While Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s move to replace the Planning Commission with a new body was met with anticipated resistance from Congress-ruled states, it found the expected thumbs-up from chief ministers of the BJP-ruled states.
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan batted for a new advisory body, saying the Planning Commission did not meet aspirations of the states. He also proposed the setting-up of a “knowledge and innovation hub” under the proposed body.
Stating that the Planning Commission “has a centralised structure” which “doesn’t meet the aspirations and needs of the states”, Chouhan, while speaking at the meeting of chief ministers called by the Prime Minister, said there was a need to change the mandate of Planning Commission. He also suggested that the new body should be under the Prime Minister and should have all chief ministers as its members. “The new body should make sector specific long-term plans,” he said.
Echoing his views, Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh said there was need for a new constitutionally formed body to replace the Planning Commission so as to have proper coordination between the Centre and the states.
“Planning Commission working has become centralised. The planning on the states subjects decided under the Constitution is being done by the Commission. Schemes are being decided on one parameter rather on needs of states,” Singh said at the meeting. He advocated the abolition of plan and non-plan allocation saying it has no meaning.
Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje too endorsed the PM’s move. “Fully support PM’s idea of cooperative federalism — the only way through which states can work together to achieve national goals… Welcome the thought process for reinventing institutions. States deserve more say in planning, devolution of funds & deciding on priorities… I firmly believe in the Constitution, which provides enough opportunities for dialogue between states and dialogue between Centre & states,” Raje said in a series of tweets.

A pipeline full of good safetyideasWritten by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:32 am
In December 2012, the Delhi High Court took up the December 16 gangrape case suo motu and issued a slew of directions to government agencies for protection of women and for aiding victims of violent crimes. In May 2013, a new PIL was filed by activist Nandita Dhar, seeking court intervention to curb incidents of harassment of women. The two PILs come up for hearing every few weeks and, in the last hearing in November, Justices Badar Durrez Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul accused the Delhi Police and Home Ministry of merely “shuffling files”.
Police
Apart from recruitment of personnel, ordered in the suo motu case, police were also asked to “engage sociologists/analysts to study the data revealed by crime-mapping. Apart from pockets of crimes against women, police data has also revealed shocking statistics of sexual crimes committed by family members and known persons. Police have identified danger areas where incidents occur and patrolling in such areas has been increased. Women’s helpdesks have been set up in most police stations and the one-stop crisis centres where police, counsellors and medical help can be given are in the pipeline.
Government agencies
CCTV cameras and streetlights were suggested as the solution for street harassment and rise in petty crimes. However, installation of the streetlights and cameras are still “in the pipeline”. Public awareness-building campaigns and advertisements are being considered.
Forensic labs
The lack of adequate forensic labs was indicated as the most important reason for delays in criminal trials. The government had in 2013 mooted the idea of creating basic forensic labs in some government hospitals to analyse samples taken from rape victims. The idea was later dismissed as adequate equipment and personnel were not available.
Compensation to victims
Medical expenses and other financial damages to a rape victim were taken seriously by all authorities concerned, with the Central government announcing a huge corpus of funds — the “Nirbhaya fund” — to give compensation to the victims. Delay in disbursing the funds, however, prompted the High Court to step in several times, to direct the Delhi Legal Aid Services and other government departments to speed up the process. The government had initially released Rs 1 crore in September, of which over Rs 70 lakh had been paid out till mid-November.
Hospitals and crisis centres
Rape crisis centres, where the investigating officer can come to the hospital to take the statement of the victim, have been set up at three Delhi government hospitals — Deen Dayal Upadhyaya, Sanjay Gandhi Memorial and GTB Hospital — as a pilot project. The government has proposed that victims may be taken to the hospital instead of the police station, and statements can be recorded in the hospital.
Sensitisation
Public awareness camps, advertisements on billboards and advertisements on sexual offence laws have been put up across the city. Gender sensitisation training is also being conducted for police personnel, judges and other officials concerned.

Opposition unites against scrapping of Plan panelNEW DELHI, December 8, 2014
Updated: December 8, 2014 09:45 IST
Opposition unites against scrapping of Plan panel
Jatin Gandhi
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Chief Ministers and Governors of various States, in New Delhi on Sunday.
TOPICS
government
What it needs is reorientation and not renaming or a political burial: Anand Sharma
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s decision to hold the first Centre-State consultation on replacing the Planning Commission has provided ammunition to the Opposition.
With the Parliament in session, the Opposition is preparing to team up against the decision and the manner in which it has been taken. They are likely to attack the Prime Minister for “first scrapping the Planning Commission and then seeking suggestions for its replacement,” an Opposition MP in the Lok Sabha told The Hindu. He said the Opposition parties were holding consultations.
“The move is short-sighted and dangerous. It will also have long term adverse impact on Centre-State relations... What the Planning Commission needs is reorientation and not renaming or a political burial,” Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma said, reacting sharply to Mr. Modi’s meeting with Chief Ministers.
Mr. Sharma said Mr. Modi had called the meeting nearly four months after unilaterally announcing that the Commission would be disbanded. “It is ironic that the Prime Minister has claimed that the move is to empower State governments and strengthen the federal structure, after having taken the arbitrary decision without convening the meeting of National Development Council or consulting States.”
The party’s sentiments were echoed in the speeches of its Chief Ministers at the meeting. Chief Ministers of BJP-ruled States, on the other hand, praised Mr. Modi’s revamp plan.
“It was unfortunate on the part of the Central government to unilaterally do away with the Planning Commission that came into being in 1950, [and] which had been playing a pivotal role in the development of the country,” Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy said. He added that the Planning Commission had been instrumental in ensuring social equality, decentralised planning and monitoring of human development, especially of the socially and economically backward segments in the country’s population. Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh Nabam Tuki said, “I firmly believe that this spirit of national consensus must continue.”
Meanwhile, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav said the practice of ‘one size fits all’ ought to be discarded by the new body to help States with differing needs to develop. He said the contribution made by the Planning Commission in ‘challenging times’ could not be ignored. “We have to incorporate changes based on experience gained over a period of time,” Mr. Yadav added.
The Left parties are also likely to oppose the move in Parliament. CPI(M) MP Mohammad Salim said Mr. Modi’s move was aimed at “providing a backdoor entry to the private sector in planning, in the name of consultation.”
While West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee skipped the meeting, deputing her Finance Minister Amit Mitra to attend it, she had written to Mr. Modi on December 4 saying it would be appropriate to assign the decision-making responsibilities of the Planning Commission to the Inter-State Council. “We should take great care not to dismantle an existing functional mechanism without putting in place a credible and capable body,” Ms. Banerjee cautioned in her letter.
JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav had said on Saturday said, “Our party will oppose the manner in which the decision to dismantle the Planning Commission was taken.”

Casual indifference at FedEx FieldBy Kent Babb December 7 Follow https://twitter.com/kentbabb
The Washington Post's Keith McMillan and Dan Steinberg found only duds to talk about in this week's edition of the wrap. The Redskins lost at home, 24-0, to the Rams. (Randolph Smith/The Washington Post)
They leaned against the retaining fence at one of FedEx Field’s highest points, sipping the last of the birthday beer.
Michael Fleck turned 30 on Friday, and two months ago, it seemed like a fine plan to bring two dozen of his friends to the stadium, tip a few, and maybe even witness a Washington Redskins victory. Maybe.
“I thought I could get a cheap ticket,” Fleck said toward the end of the third quarter of Sunday’s loss to the St. Louis Rams. “Seemed like a good idea.”
A few fans sit in the upper deck with two minutes left in the Rams’ 24-0 win over the Redskins. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
The plan was the plan, and his friends were happy to go wherever he wanted to go. Early in the season, Fleck began monitoring prices for standing-room-only tickets, the cheapest way to come to the party and stay for the show. He was paying for his friends’ admission, and so at $28 apiece, he waited.
Then Kirk Cousins took over as the team’s starting quarterback, promptly failed miserably and was benched, and prices plummeted. About a month ago, Fleck pulled the trigger: $13 for 25 tickets, he said, and the time, date and location of the party was set; only the result remained mostly unknown. He didn’t mind that, an hour before the game, prices had been slashed even more: StubHub listed standing-room seats for as low as $4.97 each.
The group watched Sunday as the Redskins lost again, shut out by the seven-loss Rams, Fleck insisting that he stopped tying his emotions to the team’s success long ago. And so he drank and laughed and said goodbye to friends who couldn’t take it anymore and left early.
“Half the people here don’t give a (rip) about who wins,” said Fleck, who still winced when Rams place-kicker Greg Zuerlein finally made a field goal in the third quarter, when rookie running back Tre Mason stretched for a first down, when Washington couldn’t get out of its own way yet again.
“Oh, God,” Fleck said, shaking his head.
This is the attitude around FedEx Field these days, when wins are an unlikely dream, when you must be happy enough to spend an autumn Sunday in the sun, have a few laughs, and go home with a story to tell.
Where Fleck was sitting, even the cheap seats were mostly empty. His group had space to spread out, only a smattering of the bleachers occupied. The team announced that 71,120 fans had paid to attend Sunday’s contest, but it was clear that most of those must’ve found better plans. A few standing-room ticket holders had been upgraded to seats on the club level, issued a “Relocation pass” and making the upper deck look even more deserted.
The afternoon started promising enough, fans pushing through the turnstiles smiling amid what must be the last of the hope on their minds. Employees handed out white rally flags in case there was something worth waving about, and no one seemed to catch the symbolism that the team was asking its fans to wave a white flag.
The Redskins, by the way, are now 3-10 and appear to have a starting quarterback in Colt McCoy who no one but Coach Jay Gruden believes is a viable NFL starter, along with another one in Robert Griffin III who didn’t get a chance after the crowd chanted “RGIII! RGIII!” during a McCoy-led drive that ended with an interception. Griffin’s chance didn’t come until after McCoy suffered a neck injury late in the loss.
This is a team that must be chuckled at to be appropriately enjoyed, a weekly dramedy that includes gossip, backbiting, twists and turns, and a few hilarious moments that make it worth paying attention to. “We have to be playing for draft picks at this point,” Fleck said, and when the Rams attempted — and converted — a fake extra point, the birthday boy shrugged and laughed.
He was determined to have a good time, so what else could he do? “I knew it wasn’t going to be much better” than last year, Fleck said, referring to Washington’s 3-13 record in 2013.
As the third quarter ended and, after another Rams touchdown, the stadium began emptying, Fleck looked toward the cloudless blue sky and said he remained pleased with his decision to host his party here. “I’m just happy it’s a nice day,” he said.
Photo gallery:

Jo hona hain woh to hoke hi rehta hain...honi ko koi nahi taal sakta.....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Will get delisted eventuallyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Why the best strategies do not workCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

How I Went From Dropping Out of College to Freedom in Two Yearsreddit
Two years ago, I dropped out of college.
It feels like yesterday when I was unfolding my acceptance letter into McGill University in Montreal. It was the most gratifying moment of my life to have been accepted into one of the top institutions in North America.
I remember saying to myself: "This is it. I made it."
At school, I was surrounded by peers who were far smarter and more ambitious than me, and I took intriguing courses that piqued my brain's curiosity.
Every moment was a privilege.
You may now be wondering, why the hell did I drop out of school if every moment was a privilege? Let me start off by saying -- it was the hardest decision I've ever made. Not just for myself, but for my family.
My mom, who was brought up in a conservative Korean background, was more excited than I was to see me hurl my graduation cap in the air for convocation. The truth is, the phrase "self-employed" is not uttered lightly among our family, while dropping out of college is strictly forbidden. When I broke the news, apart from the immediate surprise, I could sense they were overwhelmingly worried about my decision.
The questions of doubts continuously piled up one after another every time we spoke. I knew I had to back up my decision.
I spent months doing research and spoke with several career advisors and successful business leaders before I made a final decision -- I had to make sure I was making the right choice.
Now I'm going to share with you what I learned through this process to help you decide if formal education is right for you.
It's Not A Safer Decision
A rising number of school graduates are realizing that they can no longer exchange their degree for a job upon graduation. The old promise made by our education system was that if you put in your time at school, you would be guaranteed a stable job as a reward for your efforts.
According to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York :
"51% (1.5 million) of recent graduates were either jobless or underemployed in 2013. This is up from 47% in 2007. Yet, the number of bachelor degree-holders has increased by 38% since 2000."
A degree is supposed to signal to employers and the world that you are above average. You are smart. You are hard-working. You are driven. You are worth investing in or taking a chance on. That may have been true at one time, but not anymore.
Skill Is More Important Than A Degree
Students entering college shouldn't bet on today's job market.
They should bet on the job market five to 10 years from now . And what the job market is going to require is skill -- not a degree.
If we taught surfing like we prep for careers, you'd spend twenty years reading about how to surf before even touching one. The day you graduate, you'd be dropped out in the middle of the ocean and be told, "Good luck!"
Fortunately, learning a skill has never been so easy. There are plenty of places to learn skills online for free or cheap . Whether it's learning how to program, trade stocks, use Excel, design -- the list goes on. Some of the top universities around the world, like Stanford University , have also opened up free online courses for anyone who wants to sign up.
The best way to prep for a career is not to sit in a lecture hall for three hours listening to something you're not truly passionate about.
It's to do it on your own.
In this economy, businesses don't have the time or capital to train you to become employable. To differentiate yourself, you have to learn in-demand skills -- a framed degree doesn't get you very far anymore.
It's Who You Know That Matters
Whether you like it or not, this is the truth: If you know the right people, you'll find the right opportunities.
As it turns out, between 60 to 80% of jobs are found through personal relationships. This means you should be constantly looking for more ways to expand your network -- both online and offline.
Rather than trying to score that extra 1% on your accounting assignment, start attending networking events and conferences. You can find tons at Meetup.com or Eventbrite.com. This is the best and most personal way to meet people who have similar interests and goals as you. Keep in touch, help each other out and grow your community.
"We are the average of the five people we spend the most time with." --Jim Rohn
Start surrounding yourself with people who inspire you. 
Dropping Out Isn't For Everyone
This is a point I really need to emphasize.
A formal education is particularly important for those who are interested in the STEM fields (science, technology, engineering, mathematics). In these fields, not only is a bachelor's degree necessary, but that alone may not even cut it. Master's degrees and Ph.Ds are, in many cases, expected.
And for good reason.
You wouldn't want a surgeon to perform surgery on you, knowing he recently received a certification from an online course.
Some specialized careers will always require formal education -- period.
Rather than trying to decide whether or not you need a college degree, discover your passion. See which career path fits your interests, then assess whether a college degree would be an asset to your path to success.
I'd suggest creating a list of topics or activities you enjoy indulging yourself on outside of school and work, and thinking back to the classes that intrigured you most.
The point is, no one can tell you what your passions are, it's all up to you.
I studied economics and finance at McGill and, although I knew the benefits of having a strong financial background, my heart was always set on being an entrepreneur.
It didn't make financial sense to spend $20,000 and time on courses that were not significantly contributing to my long-term goal.
I'm not saying this is all easy.
The last 24 months have been the toughest times in life -- emotionally and physically --  from working 16 hour days, having to shut down my business, being homeless for two weeks, and working to start another one.
It's also been the most enriching and life-changing. I've learned more about myself in these 24 months than I would have in 10 years. There's nothing like looking at yourself across the mirror at your lowest moments to make you realize what you were meant to do in this life and settling for nothing less.
Throughout this experience, I've realized that if you want to make something happen, you can. The most difficult part is taking that first leap.
I had no idea what would come out of dropping out of college to  pursue my dreams in the real world.
But one thing was clear.
The lessons I would learn from this experience would be far more valuable than my time spent in the lecture room. In life, there will always be an opportunity to try to get more money, cars or shoes -- but the one thing you will never have more of is time.
I can now live a life on my own terms, pursuing the passions that I love, and waking up every morning excited to take on new challenges.
If you feel like you're stuck in school -- like you're in a drought and you want something different for yourself -- take my advice above and consider your options.
After weighing all your options, you still feel strongly about dropping out and feel confident that you want to do it for the right reasons, then do it.
It's scary. It's hard. But so is the status quo.
For many people in our society, the word "dropout" still leaves a bad taste in their mouths. But I want to point out one thing to keep in mind:
This article was written using a computer designed by Apple, co-founded by a college dropout: Steve Jobs. Once I'm finished, I'll save it on Microsoft Word, a software made by a company that was co-founded by Bill Gates, another dropout. Once it's published, I'll share it on Twitter, co-founded by college dropouts Jack Dorsey, Evan Williams and Biz Stone, and Facebook, co-founded by dropout Mark Zuckerberg. Everything around you was built and designed by other dropouts who couldn't stand for the status quo.
Break free and follow your passion. Learn by doing, not through a textbook. Embrace failure and do something that makes you feel excited to wake up every morning. Be different. Be unique.
This is what will matter in the end -- not your degree.
Do you have a similar story you can share? I'd love to hear it.
Follow Sean Kim on Twitter: www.twitter.com/sseankim
More:

SAIL offer for sale subscribed two timesequities
MUMBAI: A clutch of state-owned insurers and banks stepped in to ensure the success of the Narendra Modi government's first share sale. Public sector insurance companies led by Life Insurance Corp. (LIC) and lenders including State Bank of India (SBI) lapped up majority of the Rs 1,700-crore issue of Steel Authority of India (SAIL) on Friday as many traditional foreign institutions and domestic mutual funds stayed away from the offer. Retail investors lapped up all the shares set aside for them.
SAIL's 20.65-crore-share offer for sale (OFS) done through stock exchanges on Friday was subscribed two times. Bids under the general category, including institutional investors and banks among others, were almost two times the 18.65 crore shares reserved for them.
Retail investors put in bids for 2.7 times the 2.06 crore shares kept aside for the category. They will be allotted the shares at a discount of 5% to the bid price. There was some confusion about the subscription details in the last hour of trading. At around 2:30 pm, the BSE website showed the offer was subscribed 131%, but it was soon revised to 69%. Soon, both exchanges showed the offer was fully subscribed.
State-owned insurance companies such as LIC and General Insurance Corp.(GIC) among others pumped close to Rs 700-750 crore into the share sale, said a banker in the know. Some public sector banks, along with one large private bank, invested about Rs 450-500 crore in the issue.
Private banks put in Rs 100 crore
The private sector lender put in close to Rs 100 crore, the banker said.
In addition to these state-owned firms, at least 12 foreign hedge funds such as Segantii Capital Management and Geosphere subscribed to the SAIL OFS, said a source. But, investment by some of these asset managers in the SAIL issue was part of a trading strategy involving shares and futures contracts.
Various hedge funds sold futures contracts of SAIL before the announcement of share sale. In the OFS on Friday, they subscribed to shares proportionately. These funds benefit when the price of the futures contract and the share price converge.
Unlike traditional foreign institutional investors (FIIs), who buy and hold for a while, these hedge funds are said to have invested in the issue with the intention of holding for a shorter period. Bankers said many long-established institutional investors were not keen to put money into the SAIL issue because of steep valuations."Operationally, SAIL is not the best opportunity that investors have as of now. Also, there was very little left on the table in terms of valuations," said a senior fund manager of a top mutual fund.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Watsa to fork out Rs 950 cr for stake in India InfolinePrem Watsa likely to fork out Rs 950 crore for 26% stake in India Infoline
Sabarinath M & Baiju Kalesh, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 08.21AM IST
Tags:
360 Degree Feedback
(Watsa, known for his long-term…)
MUMBAI | HYDERABAD: Fairfax Financial Holdings, owned by Canadian value investor Prem Watsa , is in advanced negotiations to purchase a 26% stake in the non-banking finance company of Mumbai-based financial services firm India Infoline.
The move is a part of Watsa's plan to capitalise on the fast-growing NBFC business in the country. In India Infoline, it plays a significant role and forms a key part of founder Nirmal Jain's push to make the group a bigger player in the financial services business.
NBFC and lending businesses constituted 70% of the group's total income during FY14. "Prem Watsa is bullish on India and has been very supportive with both capital and strategic inputs," said Nirmal Jain, MD & CEO, India Infoline. A spokesperson for Fairfax Financial Holdings said, "We do not comment on speculation."
NBFC Biz Worth Rs 1,819 crore
A senior person in the know said all other India Infoline businesses were well-capitalised and funds were needed only for the NBFC business. Fairfax will have to pay close to Rs 950 crore for the 26% stake going by the valuations offered to non-banking finance companies. NBFCs are usually valued at roughly two times their net worth. India Infoline's NBFC has a net worth of Rs 1,819 crore.
"The emergence of large global players as investors will enhance the credibility of the NBFC space. It also makes the sector attractive for a new investor. This will have a positive impact and boost the long-term prospects of the sector," said Santosh Singh, research analyst at Societe Generale.
Since Fairfax already owns 18% stake in India Infoline, the proposed move signals the Hyderabad-born billionaire's desire to play a bigger role in India's fast-growing financial services industry. The Canadian firm has recently raised its stake in India Infoline by 8%. The Fairfax Group plans to invest at least $1 billion in India and had proposed a dedicated fund for investments.
"We will have a strong focus on India," Watsa had told ET in a recent interview. Probity Research, founded in 1995 by a group of professionals including Nirmal Jain to carry out research on Indian businesses, was transformed into India Infoline.
The company's operations now straddle the entire spectrum of financial services. India Infoline's growth story had generated interest among private equity funds. Carlyle holds 9% stake in the company. Financial services companies are betting big on lending business as credit is still under-penetrated in India. Centrum , the Mumbai-based financial services firm owned by Chandir Gidwani, plans to launch an NBFC shortly. Former Citigroup CEO Vikram Pandit has invested Rs 540 crore in JM's real estate lending arm.The company has made an additional commitment of Rs 360 crore, taking the total investment to Rs 900 crore.
Watsa, known for his long-term investments, bought a stake in India Infoline in 2011 and followed it up with the buyout of British tour operator Thomas Cook's India business. In April this year, Thomas Cook bought majority control in Sterling Holiday Resorts .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top six companies lose Rs 54 053 crore in market valuationTop six companies lose Rs 54,053 crore in market valuation
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 10.01PM IST
Tags:
HDFC bank
(While TCS, ONGC, RIL, Infosys,…)
NEW DELHI: Weakness in the stock market led six of the top-10 most valued companies lose Rs 54,053 crore in market valuation last week, with IT majors TCS and Infosys taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, ONGC , RIL, Infosys, SBI and HDFC Bank saw decline in their market capitalisation (m-cap) for the week ended on Friday, December 5, ITC, CIL, ICICI Bank and HUL made gains.
The m-cap of TCS tumbled Rs 12,663.17 crore to reach Rs 5,05,048.22 crore. Rival Infosys' valuation plunged Rs 12,624.58 crore, to Rs 2,37,699.32 crore.
ONGC's market cap tanked Rs 11,678.24 crore and was at Rs 3,13,002.61 crore, while RIL lost Rs 10,698.27 crore to Rs 3,09,822.54 crore.
Similarly, HDFC Bank's valuation dipped Rs 3,551.75 crore to Rs 2,27,771.10 crore and SBI lost Rs 2,836.98 crore to Rs 2,37,148.94 crore.
On the other hand, the m-cap of ITC surged Rs 22,722.38 crore to Rs 3,12,642.30 crore, while HUL gained Rs 7,218.56 crore to Rs 1,77,371.56 crore.
ICICI Bank's valuation rose by Rs 4,979.57 crore to reach Rs 2,08,109.93 crore, and CIL added Rs 1,073.78 crore to touch Rs 2,25,146.81 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at the numero- uno position, followed by ONGC, ITC, RIL, Infosys, SBI, HDFC Bank, CIL, ICICI Bank and HUL.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex fell by 235.89 points or 0.82 per cent to conclude at 28,458.10.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tight security in Kashmir ahead of Modis rallyUpdated: December 8, 2014 02:50 IST
Tight security in Kashmir ahead of Modi’s rally
Zahid Rafiq
Tweet
The Hindu
BJP workers busy in giving final touches at Sher-e-Kashmir cricket stadium in Srinagar in connectin with maiden election rally of Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
election
Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s first-ever rally in the Valley on Monday, security was tightened across Srinagar with heavily armed soldiers frisking almost every person and checking all vehicles.
Mr. Modi, who did not come to the Valley while campaigning for the Parliamentary polls, is scheduled to arrive here around 12.30 p.m. and address the rally at Sher-i-Kashmir Cricket stadium amid a three-tier security cordon. The BJP has set a target of one lakh crowd for the rally.
According to the J&K police, 50 companies of the State police, the Central Reserve Police Force, the J&K Armed Police and the Indian Reserve Police have been deployed all over the city to ensure foolproof security. “We have put up 30 mobile checkpoints in Srinagar,” a senior police officer told The Hindu.
While the Army won’t be a part of the security arrangements in Srinagar, it has been deployed around the city to check vehicles entering the city. Also several choppers will be conducting aerial surveillance of the venue. “They will be ready in case of any contingency,” Army spokesperson Lt. Col. N.N. Joshi told The Hindu.

For US unemployed  job market hits a turning...For US unemployed, job market hits a turning point
AP Dec 7, 2014, 09.18PM IST
Tags:
Federal Reserve Bank of New York
(It means that employers…)
WASHINGTON: Look past the booming November job gain of 321,000 reported Friday - the best figure in three years in the strongest year for US hiring since 1999.
The job market has reached a new milestone on its road to full health: For the first time since the Great Recession ended 5{ years ago, America's unemployed are now as likely to be hired as to stop looking for a job.
It means that employers have grown confident enough to fill more job vacancies. And it means the unemployed are now less likely to succumb to frustration.
The hiring surge owes much to solid consumer spending - on items like cars, electronics and restaurant meals. That, in turn, has given businesses the means to step up investment in machinery, computers and facilities. Thanks to such spending, the economy grew at a 4.3 percent annual pace from April through September - the healthiest six-month spurt since 2003. Employers have responded by adding a robust average of 241,000 jobs a month this year.
For each month, the government estimates the proportion of the unemployed who found work and the proportion who stopped looking. In November, 23 percent of people who were out of work the previous month found jobs, and the same percentage gave up looking. (The figures are three-month averages, intended to smooth out volatility.)
That was the highest percentage of the unemployed to find work in any month since the recession officially ended in June 2009. A year ago, fewer than 19 percent of the unemployed were finding jobs.
The increase marks the first such sustained improvement since the recession ended. This year's acceleration in hiring has been potent enough to finally soak up a significant proportion of the jobless. During the first four years of the recovery, businesses had hired at a rate that was merely enough to keep up with population growth.
The brightening picture has been a relief for people like Kersten Higgins, who had begun job hunting in July after graduating from law school. She didn't get a single interview until November, when she got four.
Two of the interviews produced offers. She's accepted a position at Mutual of Omaha, where she will help ensure that its insurance policies comply with federal rules. Higgins, 26, who lives in Omaha, Nebraska, starts Monday.
"I feel great," Higgins said. "This definitely fits into the category of jobs I hoped to get coming out of law school."
At the same time, the government's jobs figures illustrate how much improvement is still needed. Before the recession began in 2007, the unemployed were more likely to find work than to stop looking in every month dating to when record-keeping began in 1990. Since the recession ended, that's been true for only three months out of 65.
One sour note amid the improving outlook for the unemployed: The jobless are likelier now than before the recession to land only part-time work. Though the economy has regained all the jobs lost to the recession, there are still nearly 2 million fewer people with full-time work.
In other cases, the jobs the formerly unemployed have now pay less than those they had before.
One reason the unemployment rate declined early in the recovery was that hundreds of thousands of people grew frustrated with their job hunts and stopped looking. Once people stop looking for a job, they're no longer counted as unemployed. At that point, the unemployment rate can fall even if hiring is weak. But now, the number of such dropouts has plateaued.
The figures that show the unemployed are now as likely to get a job as to stop seeking one mean that fewer will end up jobless for prolonged periods. Research has shown that the longer people are unemployed, the more reluctant employers are to hire them.
"This is one of the most important indicators, because if this rate doesn't pick up, then long-term unemployment persists," said Aysegul Sahin, vice president for research at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
Companies are advertising the most jobs in nearly 14 years. And more Americans are quitting their jobs for better opportunities. That provides openings for others.
Employers hired just over 5 million people in September, the most in nearly seven years. That figure reflects total hiring. By contrast, November's 321,000 job gain is a net figure: Total hiring minus layoffs, quits and retirements.
Early in the recovery, each month's net job gain was driven more by fewer layoffs than by more hiring. That helped explain why the unemployed had such trouble finding work.
Landing a job remains much easier for those who have been unemployed only briefly. For those out of work for six months or less, 31 percent found jobs in October. For those unemployed for more than six months, the rate was just 14 percent.
"The long-term unemployed are still being left behind," said Claire McKenna, a policy analyst at the National Employment Law Project .
But there are signs of hope even for the long-term unemployed. Their prospects of finding a job over the course of a year are nearing pre-recession levels, according to research by the New York Fed.
Marcia Hauler of Atlanta began a job last month after eight months of searching. She took a position as an account executive with Concur Technologies, which manages businesses' expenses.
Her job search was a frustrating one: She had numerous interviews, including six with one company that ended up not hiring her.
But "toward the end of the summer, it seems like there were more jobs available," she said. "My story has a happy ending."
FEATURED ARTICLES

BIS warns of market fragility despite bullis...You are here: Home > Collections > Economies
Bank for International Settlements warns of market fragility despite bullish mood
AFP Dec 7, 2014, 09.57PM IST
Tags:
Bank for International Settlements
("To my mind, these events…)
ZURICH: The Bank for International Settlements warned Sunday that global financial markets appeared to be increasingly fragile despite bullish sentiment.
The Basel-based institution, considered the central bank for central banks, also voiced concern in its quarterly report about the impact of the rising US dollar and falling oil prices, particularly on emerging economies.
Claudio Borio, the head of the BIS monetary and economic department, highlighted events in mid-October when stock prices fell sharply and US Treasury bonds were "exceptionally volatile" -- even more than at the height of the crisis triggered by the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008.
"And yet, just a few days later, the previous apparent calm had returned."
"To my mind, these events underline the fragility -- dare I say growing fragility -- hidden beneath the markets' buoyancy," he said.
Global stocks are surging on hopes that the world's biggest economy is recovering, with a surprisingly robust US jobs report for November powering Wall Street to record highs last week.
The dollar has also strengthened against the euro and the yen, as the central banks of the single European currency zone and Japan push interest rates to record lows to chase an elusive growth.
At the same time, oil prices have slumped by 40 percent since June because of oversupply -- the third largest fall in the last 50 years.
The prices of other commodities were also showing drops. Borio said the diverging developments are expected to "leave a profound imprint on the financial and macroeconomic scene".
Emerging market economies expected to be hardest hit because "the outsize role that commodities and international currencies play there makes them particularly sensitive to the shifting conditions," he said.
Emerging economies have racked up to $3.1 trillion in dollar-denominated debt by mid-2014.
A continued appreciation of the dollar would therefore increase debt burdens, Borio said.
At the same time, some of these economies are dependent on commodity exports and have therefore come under intense pressure over falling prices.
A stormy meeting of the 12-member OPEC cartel last month demonstrated the painful impact of the slumping prices, with Venezuela and Nigeria pleading for output to be slashed.
A day after OPEC decided to maintain its output target, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government announced painful budget cuts.
Non OPEC-member Russia has also said it is losing up to $100 billion a year because of the oil price slump.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets may see profit-booking; inflation  IIP data eyed: Expertsconsumer price index
(Indian stocks could see…)
NEW DELHI: Indian stocks could see volatility in the near-term as investors take cues from inflation and factory output numbers next week, say experts.
Besides, foreign investor activity, movement of rupee against US dollar and crude oil price would continue to set the tone for trading.
"This week would be a crucial one since participants would be eyeing the release of consumer price index data for November on December 12. On the same day, market would also be awaiting the release of IIP data for October," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities .
Further, participants would also be keeping a track of development taking place in the ongoing winter session of Parliament, which commenced on November 24 and is set to conclude on December 23, he added.
Over the past week, the benchmark Sensex fell by nearly 236 points to 28,458.10, -- logging its first weekly drop in seven weeks. Last month, the index had gained 828.16 points to hit its all-time high of 28,822.37 on November 28.
Traders said that investors would remain eye further policy announcements.
"Movement of index in near term will consistently remain on further reform initiatives to be taken in the ongoing winter session, IIP, CPI data expected to be announced on Friday," said Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research.
Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio said, "After a week of consolidation, we expect the markets to see some profit bookings in the coming 1-2 trading sessions.
"Market has given positive response to the SAIL Offer for sale which shows, retail risk appetite is still intact. Market optimism and continued FII flows would continue to keep the markets intact."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prince William to break new ground with US tripPrince William to break new ground with US trip
AFP Dec 7, 2014, 11.09PM IST
Tags:
Duchess of Cambridge
(The trip will see the Duke…)
LONDON: Prince William and his pregnant wife Kate head to New York on Sunday for a glitzy visit that marks a step-up in their role representing Britain abroad, royal commentators said.
The three-day trip will see the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , both 32, mix diplomacy with supporting their favourite causes and promoting British business interests.
Crucially for William, he will meet US President Barack Obama in the White House on Monday for talks about illegal wildlife trading, an issue close to the prince's heart.
William, second in line to the throne after his father Prince Charles, is starting to do more of the long-haul work for the British monarchy as Queen Elizabeth II approaches her nineties.
"It's a significant trip which is trying to establish William further in a diplomatic, statesmanlike role," Robert Jobson, author of "The New Royal Family" on William, Kate and their baby son Prince George -- who will not be on the visit -- told AFP.
The official visit will be only the second undertaken by William and Kate outside the Commonwealth family of nations, following a brief stop in California at the end of their 2011 Canada tour.
And rather than visiting on behalf of Queen Elizabeth or touring one of her realms, this time they will be expressly visiting on behalf of the British government.
The visit will undoubtedly revive memories of the 1985 trip made by William's parents, Charles and Diana, when the princess, wearing a dazzling gown, danced with US president Ronald Reagan and Hollywood star John Travolta.
Jobson said palace officials were keen to balance the spotlight better than they did with Charles and Diana.
"They don't simply want it to be dominated by the Kate factor," he said.
"They're trying to keep William and Kate's programme designed carefully so that she doesn't upstage him everywhere he goes, because British and other media seem to be obsessed with what Kate wears and the baby bump," Jobson said.
"They've obviously got a more serious agenda, which is that this is the future king meeting the president of the United States and entering the special relationship."
After the meeting with Obama, William will address the World Bank on illegal wildlife trading.
"It is quite a coup for William that he has been invited to the White House by Obama because this is his topic, something he has specifically raised awareness about," royal biographer Penny Junor said.
It will be the first time either William or Kate will have been to New York or Washington.
The couple will attend their first NBA basketball game on Monday, the league said, when they will see LeBron James and his Cleveland Cavaliers visit the Brooklyn Nets.
Sir Peter Westmacott, British ambassador to the US, told CBS News that he was confident the protests that have taken place over several nights in New York demanding justice for black men killed by white policemen would not overshadow the visit.
"We obviously hope not because this is a visit to which we attach a great deal of importance," he said.
William, who is training to become an air ambulance pilot in his day job, is also preparing for a trip to Japan and China in late February-early March, without Kate, who is due to give birth in April.
That visit is being viewed in Britain as an attempt to improve top-level diplomatic relations with Beijing.
"In terms of foreign travel, I would guess that he and his younger brother Prince Harry would be the ones that do it in future because they have got huge appeal," Junor said.
"He's definitely a draw, people love him the world over. They will use him, for sure," said the author, who wrote "Prince William: Born to Be King".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistan aiming for jet boost to defence exp...You are here: Home > Collections > China
Pakistan aiming for jet boost to defence exports
AFP Dec 8, 2014, 01.18AM IST
Tags:
afghanistan
(Pakistan's large, well-funded…)
KARACHI: A revamped version of Pakistan's JF-17 jet fighter took centre stage at a defence exhibition in Karachi this week as the restive nuclear-armed state looks to boost its role as a military exporter on the world stage.
Pakistan's large, well-funded military has long been a major importer of defence equipment, particularly from key ally China.
But Pakistan is hoping the updated JF-17, conceived and initially developed with the help of China, along with Pakistani-made tanks and surveillance drones, will help grow military exports and bring in much-needed foreign exchange revenue.
Pakistan's forex reserves are slowly recovering after falling to just $3 billion in November 2013, from nearly USD 15 billion in 2011.
But the economy is still shackled by a long-running energy crisis and growth remains sluggish, predicted at 4.3 percent this financial year.
The new JF-17, which is manufactured at the Pakistan Aeronautical Complex (PAC) just west of Islamabad, was among the key exhibits at the four-day International Defence Exhibition and Seminar (IDEAS) event.
The plane will initially be handed over to the Pakistan Air Force (PAF), which is currently carrying out air strikes against Taliban militants in the northwest.
"We will hand over 16 Block-II JF-17s to the PAF every year," said Air Marshal Javaid Ahmad.
He said the first five would be delivered this month and the plant has the capacity to produce 25 aircraft per year.
The air force started using the first edition of the JF-17 in 2010, having historically relied on US imports during its wars with India.
It has deployed F-16s in recent attacks on insurgents in the tribal regions that border Afghanistan , but not its own home-made fighters.
After the Cold War ended Pakistan began to deepen defence and economic ties with ally China, culminating in the test flight of the jet's prototype in Chengdu in 2003.
China earlier this month promised investment worth $42 billion in Pakistan mainly centred on the energy sector.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama: Racism in US will take time to tackleWASHINGTON: President Barack Obama is prescribing time and vigilance to tackle problems as entrenched in American society as racism and bias.
He also is urging patience, saying progress usually comes in small steps.
In an interview with BET ( Black Entertainment Television ), a cable TV channel, the president described his conversation with a group of young civil rights activists, including a leader of protests in Ferguson, Missouri, he hosted last week in the White House . Racial tensions have been heightened by the failure of grand juries in Missouri and New York to indict white police officers involved in the killings of unarmed black men.
Obama said he told them that ``this is something that is deeply rooted in our society, it's deeply rooted in our history.''
America has made gains, he said, and that ``gives us hope'' of making more progress.
"We can't equate what is happening now to what was happening 50 years ago,'' Obama said, "and if you talk to your parents, grandparents, uncles, they'll tell you that things are better, not good in some places, but better.''
Obama said he is advising young people to be persistent because "typically progress is in steps, it's in increments.''
In dealing with something "as deeply rooted as racism or bias in any society, you've got to have vigilance but you have to recognize that it's going to take some time and you just have to be steady so that you don't give up when you don't get all the way there,'' Obama said.
The full interview is set to air Monday night. A video excerpt was released Sunday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis pitches for NDRCMaharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis pitches for NDRC
Dance teacher arrested for molestingminorBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:54 am
The Mumbai police registered a case of molestation against a teacher from a well-known school in Kandivali after he allegedly undressed a 5-year-old student of his.
According to senior inspector Mahipati Pandharmise of Kandivali police station, the incident took place on Friday afternoon on the school premises.
“According to the victim’s statement the accused, a 23-year-old dance teacher, had undressed the victim of the one-piece frock that she was wearing. We arrested the accused later that evening from the school premises,” Pandharmise added.
According to the victim’s mother, it was her daughter’s birthday on December 5 and wearing her new dress, she was distributing chocolates to her friends and teachers.
“My daughter confided in me at home and painfully repeated the shameful incident to me. My daughter said she met her dance teacher in their dance room and that’s where the incident took place. A woman teacher supposedly walked into the room and intervened, taking my daughter away from the accused. My daughter is still in shock,” said the victim’s mother.
A suburban magistrate court on Saturday had remanded the accused to one-day police custody in the matter, however, the parents of the victim were unhappy with the decision and sought the support of advocate Avisha Kulkarni.
Kulkarni said that a holiday court on Sunday remanded the accused in police custody till Monday.
The victim’s mother said that the school authorities immediately suspended the teacher.
“The minor cannot possibly be exaggerating, her version is consistent, as when she spoke to the school authorities where she identified her teacher and also with the police,” Kulkarni added.
To find out the exact details of the events that took place in the school that day, Pandharmise said that “as part of our investigation we are studying the CCTV footage in the school and also making inquiries with the other school teachers.”
The police has registered a case of molestation in addition to multiple sections of the Prevention of Children against Sexual Offences Act.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana: Confused no more  MPs pick villages toadoptWritten by Manasi Phadke | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:51 am
Unable to adopt areas in the urban region, even if they were gaothans or koliwadas, the six Mumbai MPs have chosen villages in Thane, Palghar, Raigad and Konkan to develop under Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s pet model village scheme.
Soon after Modi had announced the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana during his Independence Day speech under which every parliamentarian is to adopt one village, these MPs were initially at a loss on its implementation with their constituencies being completely urban.  Mumbai has a heritage of 189 gaothans and 32 koliwadas. However, here the MPs said, the biggest issue is redevelopment.
Shiv Sena’s Rahul Shewale, MP from Mumbai South Central, said, “I was thinking of adopting one of the 12 gaothans and koliwadas in my constituency, but areas under municipal limits did not qualify for the scheme. Then, I thought I will adopt a village from Pune district since my native place is also in that district, but that village didn’t qualify as per guidelines. Then the government machinery itself asked me to select a village either from Dahanu or Thane.” Shewale has adopted the Gungwada Gram Panchayat in Dahanu falling in the Thane district.
He said he has approached researchers from Bhabha Atomic Research Centre to help him with innovative technical solutions to address the issues there.
Gopal Shetty, BJP MP for Mumbai North, has chosen Gorhe village in the neighbouring Palghar district. However, he is yet to visit the village. “I had proposed two other villages in Vasai, but they didn’t fit into the norms, hence the district collector suggested I take up Gorhe village. I will visit the village once the Parliament session is over,” Shetty said.
Poonam Mahajan, BJP MP for Mumbai North Central, has also chosen a village in the Palghar district, Charoti in Dahanu.
Kirit Somaiya, BJP MP from Mumbai North East, was earlier looking to adhere to the prime minister’s directive by creating a model slum in Mumbai, regarding slums as the urban equivalent of villages. Before the scheme’s final guidelines were published, on October 11, Somaiya declared on Twitter about his intention to adopt Bhandup Gaon.
“However, the final guidelines insisted that urban MP s should take up a village outside their constituencies. Within the neighbouring districts, other parliamentarians had already chosen villages from Palghar so I decided to adopt a village from Raigad,” Somaiya said. The MP has appointed a team to study the problems in Chinchoti village in Alibaug sub-district and come out with a detailed report of problems that need to be addressed within a month.
After being told that he will not be able to choose a gaothan such as Worli gaon or Mazgaon from his own constituency, Shiv Sena’s Arvind Sawant from Mumbai South had set his sights on his native village in the Konkan region. “There is a major water crisis in my own village. But, the rules prohibit us continued…

Sebi  RBI join hands to check shady stock deals of NBFCsSebi  RBI join hands to check shady stock deals of NBFCs
Isuzu lines up Rs 3 000 crore for expansionIsuzu lines up Rs 3 000 crore for expansion
Sebi may list muni-bonds to tap household savingsSebi may list muni-bonds to tap household savings
ONGC to develop 45 wells in KG basinONGC to develop 45 wells in KG basin
India surprised this year on GDP growth front; may do so again in 2015: CitigroupHi Guest
India surprised this year on GDP growth front; may do so again in 2015: Citigroup
According to Citi, following two years of sub 5% growth, India's GDP is expected to be around 5.6% in 2014-15 and around 6.5% in 2015-16. NEW DELHI: India has "really surprised" in 2014 and it might do so again next year as the country's GDP figure is ...

Dharam thoda break le bhai....itne saare msg se kuch na hona...bhagega...Silver Member
29 Followers
Jai ho sai nath ji ki....all most post negative ..but i am bullish today ....mujhko aisa lagta hai ki log likhnay ki limit ko cross kar rehay hai ..so i also advice every one ...use your patience & not personal attack ....baki bhai sabki apni marji hai i agri with tanay sir ..
In reply to : 10000dharm message
9.45 AM Dec 8th

CMs from six states share their unique stories ofdevelopmentBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:42 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 9:24 am
With the intention of fostering competition among states, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Sunday asked six Chief Ministers — a careful mix of Congress, BJP, and non-Congress non-BJP CMs — to make short presentations on their development successes during the one-hour “agenda-less retreat” with all CMs, after his meeting with them over the form the Planning Commission should take.
The six states picked were BJP-governed Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, BJD-ruled Orissa, Sikkim with its Sikkim Democratic Front government, and Congress-led Karnataka and Kerala. Each CM touched upon a development story unique to his or her state. While Kerala CM Oomen Chandy spoke on tourism, Naveen Patnaik talked about disaster management, Vasundhara Raje held forth on employment generation, Shivraj Chouhan on banking-for-all or financial inclusion, Siddaramaiah on technology applications in governance and Pawan Kumar Chamling on organic farming.
Raje said amendments in labour laws had increased ease of doing business in Rajasthan and helped put in place a habitat for job creation. The reform agenda, she added, was also being linked to creation of physical and social infrastructure.
Chouhan spoke about Madhya Pradesh’s Samruddhi scheme, through which benefits for the poor are directly transferred to their accounts. Akin to the Centre’s Jan Dhan Yojana, it is a financial inclusion programme that aims to provide banking services to the economically weaker.
Chamling noted that Sikkim had become a leading state in producing organic fruits and vegetables. Modi had himself praised the state in the Lok Sabha earlier stating it was set to become the first 100 per cent organic state.
Siddaramaiah spoke about tech applications in collection of commercial taxes and other areas of governance in Karnataka.
According to a CM, the presentations were followed by a free-wheeling chat. “The idea was to let states talk about issues rather than merely demanding funding from the Centre,” said a government functionary. The PM reached out to all CMs, the functionary added.
Officials said chief secretaries of the six states were alerted a week in advance. “The CMs were briefed to talk about these programmes and how these added value to their states,” said an official.

At home  Peter Reids troops have the lastlaughWritten by Shahid Judge | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:38 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 1:30 pm
The digitised number eight on the fourth officials’ board, signalling extra time at the end of the second half, was enthusiastically cheered by the audience. For Mumbai City FC fans, it was a bonus period, as the home team took to the field at the DY Patil Stadium for the last time this season.
But for the players, led by head coach Peter Reid, the length of the flashing red number provided extra nervous minutes. After all, Mumbai were defending something they had not achieved since their second match in the ISL: a second goal.
And so it happened that the hosts had one final hurrah at their home stadium at the expense of an Atletico de Kolkata side that was looking for a win to qualify for the knockout stages.
The 2-1 win did little to lift the victors’ hopes for qualification, yet it did make for a well-deserved win.
Such was the quality of the performance of the side on the night, that of all people, notoriously out-of-form midfielder Lalrindika Ralte put the Mumbai team ahead in the 40th minute.
The singular strike was enough to lift the confidence in the 22-year-old. So much so that once Nicolas Anelka was substituted for a groin injury, the youngster was entrusted with the set pieces, one of which set Manual Friedrich for the winner in the 76th minute.
Mumbai now sit in seventh spot in the eight-team table. Yet more consequential to the league standings was the loss for Kolkata, who will need a win, at home, against FC Goa to ascertain their place in the last four.

Gold smuggling bid foiled  airport insider among twoarrestedBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:36 am
For the second time in three days, an ‘insider’ with access to all areas of international terminal T2 of the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport (CSIA) was caught while trying to smuggle gold worth Rs 45.05 lakh on Sunday. Customs officials said the suspect admitted to have successfully smuggled gold around 22 times previously.
On Friday, a deputy manager of the domestic terminal was caught from T2 while trying to pass on a consignment of smuggled gold to a man waiting outside.
Aniket Oroskar (21), a technical supervisor working with an outdoor advertising agency displaying advertisements at the international terminal, was caught accepting the 16 gold bars of ten tolas each from a passenger from Dubai, Mohammed Abdullah.
Customs officials followed the passenger on suspicion and apprehended both exchanging the gold near the bay toilet.
“Oroskar had gained access to the ‘sterile’ areas of the terminal on the pretext that he was engaged in advertising features at the terminal. This is the second time in three days that an insider has been caught trying to smuggle out gold,” said a senior official.
“The passenger admitted to having smuggled gold six times, while Oroskar admitted to having smuggled gold successfully 22 times.” Officials are on the lookout for the man Oroskar was supposed to hand over the consignment to.
The airport employee arrested on Friday had helped smuggle gold eight times in the past, said a Customs official. Passenger Mohammed Cherkala Moosa, who arrived from Dubai the same day, was also caught with two kg gold valued at Rs 48.5 lakh.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Servers of many online gaming parlours based in Dubai  saypoliceWritten by Megha Sood | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:33 am
The Mumbai police, over the past year, have found increasing instances of servers of online gaming parlours being based in Dubai. The trend has now prompted the police to probe whether established bookies are running these rackets from Dubai, known to be a hub for them.
“We think Internet gambling is a new trend picking up with gamblers. Such players are also difficult to trace and apprehend as they can gamble from the comfort of their homes using their computers,” said Deputy Commissioner of Police (Enforcement) Pravin Patil.
Of the 273 cases registered under the Gambling Act this year, six cases were of Internet gambling. Last year, the police had registered 60 cases, with not a single case of Internet gambling.
The police have also identified nearly 300 cyber cafes and gaming centres that allegedly provide IDs to gamblers, using which they can log in to a virtual casino from anywhere. The police said the servers of all these online casinos are based in Dubai.
“We had zeroed in on a few servers in Dubai and blocked them, but other servers sprang up within  days,” said Patil.
Patil explained that owners of cyber cafes act as ‘dealers’ and provide log-in IDs and passwords to gamblers for anything between Rs 20,000-30,000. Each dealer handles around 20-30 such gamblers, and deals in bets worth Rs 5-6 crore a year.
The Social Service Branch, in collaboration with the Cyber Crime Investigation Cell of the Mumbai Police Crime Branch, is tracking the Call Data Records of the dealers arrested in Mumbai to find out the identities of those operating these casinos from Dubai. Police sources said bookies on record are the main suspects.
megha.sood@expressindia.com

Provide my son legal aid: Kalyan youths father toNGOTop: Areeb, the shut window of his home Friday; his parents met the Home Minister this summer.
Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:29 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 10:59 am
BY SANTOSHEE GULABKALI MISHRA
The family members of arrested Areeb Majeed student turned jihadist for Islamic State (IS) has approached the Jamiat-e-Ulema-e Hind to seek legal help for him. The Jamiat is an NGO  that provides legal aid to the Muslim community.
“Ejaz Majeed wanted our legal cell to give aid to him (Areeb),”said Gulzar Ahmed Azmi, secretary of the legal cell of the Jamiat.
Areeb was booked and arrested under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) on charges of conspiring to commit a terrorist act and being a member of a banned foreign terror outfit, and under the stringent Section 125 of the IPC for “waging war against the nation”.
With an FIR lodged against Areeb as well as the three others from Kalyan who are believed to have joined Islamic States of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) along with him naming them wanted accused they would also face arrest if they return.
Areeb was arrested by the National Investigating Agency (NIA) after he returned from Turkey. Areeb was one of the four youths from Kalyan who went missing from their homes in May.
santoshee.mishra@expressindia.com

Libor probe: Deutsche Bank s Anshu Jain not ...Anshu Jain
(After a two-year investigation, Bafin concluded…)
FRANKFURT: German financial watchdog Bafin has found that Deutsche Bank co-Chief Executive Anshu Jain was neither aware nor part of possible attempts at the German lender to manipulate interest rates, German newspaper Handelsblatt reported.
After a two-year investigation, Bafin concluded there was no evidence the bank's board members participated in or knew about any possible interest rate manipulation efforts, the German business daily said, citing unnamed financial sources.
Deutsche Bank and Bafin declined to comment on the report.
Investigations into the possible abuse of reference rates such as the London interbank offered rate (Libor) or foreign exchange fixings have dogged banks since a post-financial crisis regulatory backlash against the sector.
Deutsche Bank said it was cooperating with regulators and conducting its own probe into the possible manipulation of Libor, a benchmark against which some $450 trillion of financial products from derivatives to home loans are priced worldwide.
The lender has paid at least 5.6 billion euros ($6.9 billion) in the past two years in fines and settlements and expects to pay around 3 billion euros more this year.
($1 = 0.8145 euro)

Gruden: We are going down  instead of rising our level of play...By Chelsea Janes December 7 Follow @chelsea_janes
The Washington Post's Keith McMillan and Dan Steinberg found only duds to talk about in this week's edition of the wrap. The Redskins lost at home, 24-0, to the Rams. (Randolph Smith/The Washington Post)
Another Sunday, another somber postgame news conference for the Washington Redskins . After a futile 24-0 loss to the St. Louis Rams, Redskins Coach Jay Gruden was out of answers.
On the effort as a whole: 
“We didn’t make any plays really offensively. Defensively we tried to hang around there, but gave up a lead late — 17-0 — and it turned us into a one-dimensional football team. And we’re not very good when that happens. But I think for the most part the guys are trying. We just got outcoached and outplayed today.
On Colt McCoy’s ineffectiveness: 
“You know what, it’s no fun when you start a game and there’s five minutes to go in the game, you’re playing against the Rams, you’re losing 24-0, I don’t think it’s right to throw another quarterback in there and throw him into the wolves. I think Colt wanted to finish the drive and try to get something going positively, get a touchdown there at the end of the game, and then he got hurt. We’ll see where it stands next week.”
On the third quarter: 
“Third quarter, you know it was 6-0 at the half, then we give up the eight-minute drive, they pick up a field goal. We go three-and-out and punted, and they scored again to make it 17-0 and we’re trying to get some drives together and nothing really happened, unfortunately. We’ll relive the situation, look at the tape and see what went wrong.”
On how bad this loss is:
“You go on to next week, it’s all we can do. We continue to coach our players off this tape, find out something we can do offensively because today was not very good. We tried to get the running game going and lost yardage, and once again, in the first half we stayed into a lot of third and longs and couldn’t finish anything. We just have to take a look at ourselves and try to get better. We have three division games left, and we have to try to finish out strong with our three division games.”
On the quarterback situation:
“We have to look at Colt and see how his neck is doing then look at the tape and see what happened as far as the production is concerned. One of the reasons we took out Robert in the first place was lack of production on offense. We brought Colt in here and he did some good things last week, and same thing. No production, so to speak. But I have to look at the film and try to make a judgment on the quarterback situation. We’re all looking for answers, to try to find out who can lead us to victories and who can get this offense on a roll, and that is obviously still to be determined.”
On whether he’s coaching for his job: 
“We took over this football team and did the best we could in the offseason, tried to get some holes filled, and working hard to try to get some wins here, but it hasn’t worked out very well. Obviously we’re 3-10 and as a coach you’re judged on wins and losses and you know that going in. You know that whenever you sign a contract; you’re judged on wins and losses. And all you can do is do what you believe in and try to motivate the guys and try to find out ways to get victories in the NFL, and if you don’t, you’re always subject to owners making a change. That’s their right. They have that right. But I’m just going to keep coaching the way I know how and not worry about it and do the best I can.”
Jay Gruden walks off the field after the game. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
On hitting another rock bottom: 
“We got to challenge our guys to compete. Last year was very similar: if you watch the tape, as the season went on, things got worse and worse. You go into the offseason, you have a lot of questions. I feel like we’re, obviously we are going down instead of raising our level of play, and that’s not good. We have to find a way to stop the downfall and rise somehow these last three games. Try to get something positive going into next year. That’s all we can do as far as the coaching staff is concerned.”
On all the drama around the team, in particular London Fletcher’s rant on CBS: 
“I just got wind of that today. That’s unfortunate. I know Coach Haslett had a lot of respect for London Fletcher as we all do as a football player and as a person. That’s unfortunate that came out like that. But everyone is entitled to their opinion, and when you lose, you open yourself up to all kinds of scrutiny. Twitter, newspaper, whatever it is, and you get what you deserve in football. When you lose, you deserve some of this. We put a lot of work into this game, a lot of effort, but it doesn’t show on game day sometimes, but you can never get too low in this game, I’ve learned, and you can never get too high. We have to stay the course, do what we believe in, coach the way we want to coach, and try to get these players better the last three weeks. That’s all we can do.”
On the offensive line and blocking: 
“Well, it’s a team game. It’s not just the offensive line. I know our tight ends gave up a couple more and our backs gave up a couple more and sometimes in the running game it’s point of attack with different people. The backside guy and somebody else. The thing that kills you on offense is the negative plays. It’s one thing to gain a yard or two, but we’re losing four or we’re losing five or we’re losing seven and putting us in dang near impossible down and distances for any quarterback. I don’t care who it is here.”
“So we have to find out a way to eliminate those negative plays, and then the third down and longs, the stunts it’s tough on any lineman, but there’s no question from an offensive standpoint, there’s not a lot positive we can pull out of this performance. The line didn’t do great, obviously our quarterbacks struggled, receivers had a couple drops, we missed a couple protections with our backs. So it’s back to the drawing board. We have to figure out something we do well, very well, and right now that’s a struggle. Tried to get the running game going, couldn’t do it. Tried to get the passing game going, balls were batted. Obviously we get in third and long, try to get something going down the field, and didn’t protect. So it was tough calling plays out there today.”
On whether or not there was a thought of going back to Robert Griffin III: 
“Like I said, the issue in the first half was just the negative plays and so many third and longs, I didn’t think anything would really help there. The second half came, and then the floodgates opened. I don’t want to be, as a coach, you don’t want to be wishy washy. Every time a guy has a bad series, take him out and throw another guy in there. Then every time he has a bad series, take him out and throw him in there. You want to see guys finish what they started. And see if they can turn it around from a standpoint of playing a position and trying to get some positive things going into next week. Obviously that didn’t happen, Colt hurt his neck, so we’re back to the drawing board.”
On how tough it will be to motivate the team: 
“They’re pro football players. Any time you have a chance to play against the New York Giants, the Dallas Cowboys, and the Philadelphia Eagles, you should be able to be motivated as a pro football player. It’s exciting, it’s a privilege to play this game. So if I have to motivate a pro football player to play football, we need to get new pro football players. So this is a great chance for us the last three games to get this thing turned around, get this terrible taste out of our mouths, and move forward. And that’s the only spin I can put on this, and not dwell on the negative things going around the Twitters and that stuff. We’re going to focus on the New York Giants and try to be positive and try to get these guys going and coach them the way we know how.”
On how tough it is to change the culture of the Redskins: 
“That’s a great question, and that’s something we’re working towards every day. We’re trying to establish a sense of pride and a work ethic amongst our players that can change the culture. Obviously, it’s not going to change overnight and it’s not going to change tomorrow. It’s going to be a process. Good drafts, good free agents, getting the players in here — the young players — taught well on how to study, how to learn, how to prepare, how to play, how to finish games. That’s a process, and that’s something we’re going through right now. Be consistent with our approach, be demanding, and try to get this thing flipped around.”
On whether or not he still believes he can turn this team around: 
“Obviously before the season started we had high hopes. We had some things happen to us, and now we are where we are. But I’m never going to lose confidence in what I’m doing and what we’re doing as a team and as a staff to try to get this thing back on track. You have to stick with the plan, be consistent in your approach like I said. But things happen in pro football, there’s going to be some rocky times. How we handle the rocky times is how we’re going to be able to get out faster. So you’ll see how these guys handle it today and tomorrow and the next day to find out the guys who want to be here, love football, want to play football. That’s part of it. We want to find the guys who want to play and want to prepare — not just when it’s 13-0, but when you’re 3-10. You find out a lot about people that you work with when things like this happen. So the big thing moving forward is to continue to add people that love to play, love the game, and are good players and good people.”
More from The Post:

Typhoon Hagupit: Toll rises to three; 890 000 people evacuated in PhilippinesTyphoon Hagupit: Toll rises to three; 890 000 people evacuated in Philippines
Pls give complete guidance sir with trgts also  and a stock recomandat...Gold Member
24 Followers
ashmaxim sir also provide us downside lvls of kilich, wil it fall to 40/35/30/25 or even lower, pls guide us can we add it near 25 lvls or wait for even lower lvls than 25 or 15, u seems to me a great expert in stock mkts, pls sir donot ignore my querry, u r our last hope.
In reply to : ashmaxim message
12.38 AM Dec 8th

But sir u have given to exit from kilitich in ur ujique style  than gu...Gold Member
24 Followers
ashmaxim sir also provide us downside lvls of kilich, wil it fall to 40/35/30/25 or even lower, pls guide us can we add it near 25 lvls or wait for even lower lvls than 25 or 15, u seems to me a great expert in stock mkts, pls sir donot ignore my querry, u r our last hope.
In reply to : ashmaxim message
12.38 AM Dec 8th

Opec (mostly saudi arabia) is prepared to keep the price around $65-$7...Gold Member
23 Followers
OPEC (mostly Saudi Arabia) is prepared to keep the price around $65-$70 a barrel for another quarter ....given Cairn Energy`s low operation cost and since its not investing any big technological research, it will still continue to make profit, only now profits will be lower!
3.39 AM Dec 8th  | Track

Highlights of RBI monetary policyHighlights of RBI monetary policy
PTI
Following are the highlights of RBI’s bi-monthly monetary policy statement:
Short-term lending (repo) rate unchanged at 8 per cent
Cash reserve ratio (CRR) unchanged at 4 per cent
Statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) retained at 22 per cent to unlock banking funds
GDP growth for current fiscal estimated at 5.5 per cent
Projects retail inflation at 6 per cent by March 2015-end
Projects retail inflation to lower in November, rise again in December
Says change in monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature
Hints at lowering policy rate early next year, if fiscal, inflation conditions improve
Weak revenue realisation a threat to fiscal deficit target
Next bi-monthly policy statement on February 3
(This article was published on December 2, 2014)
Related

Iranian jets attack Isis in eastern IraqIranian jets attack Isis in eastern Iraq
Geoff Dyer in Washington, Borzou Daragahi in Cairo and Najmeh Bozorgmehr in Tehran
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51cd2a0e-7abb-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US confirms Isis fighter camps in LibyaUS general confirms presence of Isis fighters in Libya
Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/582dc63c-7bbb-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

For the third night in a row  protesters across the country rally against police-involved deaths— Josh Solomon (@Josh_Solomon15) December 6, 2014
A peaceful #Ferguson protest and march commence in #Seattle on Saturday. pic.twitter.com/NJUjGp7ufK
— Ken Lambert (@SeaTimesFotoKen) December 6, 2014
The daytime demonstrations followed another busy night, as demonstrators spilled into the streets in cities across the country to protest police officers killing black men.
In New York, where a grand jury declined to bring charges against officer Daniel Pantaleo in the death of Garner on Wednesday and three nights of protesting ensued, police geared up for another night of demonstrations following the funeral today of an unarmed black man killed last month by a New York City police officer.
Akai Gurley, 28, was shot and killed by Peter Liang in a the stairwell of a Brooklyn apartment, according to Reuters . On Friday, the article noted, the Brooklyn district attorney said “a grand jury would consider charges” against Liang. Gurley’s funeral took place in a Baptist church in Brooklyn and was attended by a group of friends and family that included his 2-year-old daughter, according to CBS New York .
“Today we’re here because of how Akai was killed, and it’s called racial profiling,” Kevin Powell, a community activist, said in the eulogy, according to CBS . “This is an embarrassment to the United States of America that one young person after another of color is being killed, you know, there’s no justice out there. This is an embarrassment.”
March arrives at Times Square police pct., everyone chanting #wecantbreathe pic.twitter.com/3wzRpUQH7L
— newyorkist (@Newyorkist) December 6, 2014
New York protests kicked off with a “die in” involving several hundred protesters Friday night in an Apple store on Fifth Avenue and in Macy’s at Herald Square,  according to the Associated Press . Several hours later, protesters blocked FDR Drive, a heavily-trafficked thoroughfare that traces the eastern edge of Manhattan, according to Reuters .
Protesters took over Apple's New York store tonight to send a message about #EricGarner http://t.co/JdmrqkdIhD pic.twitter.com/UOEdeRGiug
— The Verge (@verge) December 6, 2014
Demonstrators stage 'die in' at NYC Apple store, Macy's http://t.co/bgm317UacZ pic.twitter.com/DijYtYipCU
— THV 11 (@THV11) December 6, 2014
Photo: Hundreds of protesters shut down New York City's FDR Drive (Via @JennaBPope ) #Ferguson pic.twitter.com/LdAnCyDSZh
— Andrew Peng (@TheAPJournalist) November 26, 2014
At each location, protesters carried signs and filled the streets with chants of “Black lives matter” and “I can’t breathe.”
Though the protests in New York were largely peaceful, authorities said, there were 20 arrests between 9 p.m. and midnight, according to Newsday . That number was a sharp decrease from a night earlier, when more than 200 protesters were arrested after they brought traffic on the Brooklyn and Manhattan bridges to a standstill, according to the New York Daily News .
“This is the largest store in America, and it’s the perfect place to drive home the message: Black lives matter,” Harris Agbor, a 25-year-old Harlem resident protesting in the Apple store, told the paper. “Everyone is energized. It’s electric.”
Similar protests took place in cities around the country, including Denver, Miami, Chicago, New Orleans, Austin and Washington.
Protesters block an intersection in downtown Washington DC pic.twitter.com/RLizDwvHL0

Rakuten in $1bn deal to buy EbatesSeptember 9, 2014 1:28 pm
Rakuten in $1bn deal to buy US cashback shop site operator Ebates
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/61049292-380c-11e4-a687-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rakuten in talks to buy Ebates for $950mSeptember 7, 2014 7:51 am
Rakuten in talks to buy Ebates for $950m
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a2826d78-3656-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bahrain base strengthens UK Gulf presenceLast updated: December 7, 2014 1:25 pm
Bahrain naval base will give UK stronger Gulf presence
Elizabeth Dickinson in Manama
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e630b90-7d3c-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Deonar abattoir to get 20 MT biomethanationplantBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:42 am
The Deonar abattoir is set to process its own waste and generate energy as the BMC has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC) to set up a 20 metric tonne (MT) biomethanation plant on the premises. This was necessitated after the National Green Tribunal had ordered the abattoir to cease slaughter of all animals for export after  activities at the slaughterhouse were found to ‘violate environmental norms’, a year ago.
Biomethanation is a process by which organic material is microbiologically converted under anaerobic conditions to biogas. “We will first target animal waste. The methane gas produced will be directed to the boiler units. Any surplus electricity can be used for other purposes. Thus, we can process waste and reduce our energy consumption as well,” said Appasing Pawra, deputy general manager, Deonar abattoir.
The new plant will replace the dysfunctional four-metric tonne plant. At present, Deonar abattoir generates 75-80 MT of waste everyday that makes its way to the already-full dumping ground.
According to Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB), vegetable waste generated such as rumen, waste from intestinal contents, dung, agricultural residues was being disposed off by deep burial method in a dumping ground instead of bio-methanation, which was in breach of the consent condition. It was also found that Deonar slaughtering house had failed to install the rendering plant, which meant that the waste generated such as tissues, meat trimmings, condemned meat, bones were not being properly disposed of.
So in an attempt to process its waste in an “environment-friendly” manner, abattoir authorities sought to set up two biomethanation plants, a five MT and a 15 MT, in the premises, at an estimated cost of Rs 5 crore.
While a conventional plant can handle only dung and human waste, BARC’s ‘NISARG-RUNA’ plant can process almost any biodegradable waste including kitchen waste, paper, grass, gobar and dry leaves. The plant generates energy based on sequential aerobic-anaerobic processes.
“The plant achieves the dream of ‘zero garbage, zero effluent and zero energy process’ as more energy is generated in the form of biogas than energy spent in the operation of the plant. The manure generated is weed-free and rich in organic carbon contents and acts as a better soil conditioner than any other organic manure. The biogas has good fuel value and can be used for thermal purpose or can be converted to electricity,” said Sharad Kale, head of Nuclear Agriculture Biotechnology Division, BARC.
Till date, BARC has set up these biogas plants, invented by the institution in 2001, in 13 other establishments, including IIIT-B  and TISS.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Uber drives into trouble as driver held for rapeUber drives into trouble as driver held for rape
Delhi rape case: Rapist held in Mathura  notice toUberWritten by Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:48 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 7:43 pm
A day after he allegedly beat up and raped a 27-year-old woman who had hired his vehicle, police Sunday evening arrested Uber driver Shiv Kumar Yadav from a remote village in Mathura.
Earlier in the day, police issued a notice to the managing director of Uber services under Section 161 of the CrPC to join the investigation and explain the security lapses. The company will be held liable for negligence, officials said.
Confirming Yadav’s arrest, Deputy Commissioner of Police, North Delhi, Madhur Verma said, “He had locked himself up in a small room in Anand Van, a village in Mathura 2 km from Chanderpuri Mohalla, his residence. More than 12 teams had been working to apprehend him for the past 24 hours and one of the teams finally traced Yadav with the help of local intelligence on Sunday evening. He will be brought to Delhi and produced in court.”
According to sources, soon after allegedly raping the woman and dropping her home in North Delhi, Yadav had fled to Chanderpuri Mohalla. After the news about the rape broke, the 32-year-old reportedly told his wife they would have to leave Mathura.
The 27-year-old alleged victim, who works in a finance company in Gurgaon, had approached the police early Saturday morning.
“We raided his house where he stayed with his wife and two daughters and a son, but he had fled by then. His family was questioned about his whereabouts but they did not reveal anything. We were then told he was hiding in a gurdwara in the village. Several places were raided, several leads were collected but we could not reach him,” police said.
It was only Sunday evening, after police had announced a reward of Rs 1 lakh for anyone giving any information on Yadav’s whereabouts, that a person approached them with a tip-off, said ACP, Kotwali, Devesh Kumar and ACP, Operations, Subhash Tandon.
“The informer told us that Yadav was hiding in Anand Van. A team immediately left for the location. Yadav saw us and started running. He entered a house and locked it from inside, and started throwing things around to stop us. Police however broke open the door and apprehended him around 7 pm,” a source said.
After apprehending the driver, the team took his photograph and sent it to senior officers so that they could match it with the photograph of Yadav they had.
No verification, no GPS: Police
According to Madhur Verma, DCP (North), the driver and the vehicle involved in the incident were part of Uber’s newly-launched low-cost cab-booking service. Police have listed some norms and guidelines that may have been flouted:
# The driver did not undergo the mandatory police verification, and a background check was not conducted by the company.
# He did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority, which is recommended for those engaged in driving cabs in the capital.
# Instead of a mandatory GPS system, the only link with the driver was an application that he had downloaded on the phone he was using.
“Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we will go for legal recourse,” said DCP (North) Verma, saying police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case.
Uber has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States, and has apologised for comments by an executive who suggested “digging up dirt” on journalists investigating the firm.
That has not stopped the San Francisco-based firm from raising investment that values it at $40 billion, reflecting the perceived potential of its expansion into high-growth markets like India.
Uber said in a statement on Sunday that it had suspended the driver following the allegations, in line with company policy, and have provided the authorities with “all relevant details,” such as driver, vehicle and trip information.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokeswoman.
(With inputs from Agencies)

Breakfast keeps our metabolism inorderBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:48 am
Breakfast is essential every morning as it gives energy to everyone. People need breakfast to perform their best. I strongly agree that breakfast is the most important meal of the day because it provides a boost for everyone, especially kids; it revs up your metabolism, it helps with your weight control. Initially, while adults need to eat breakfast each day to perform their best, kids need it even more. Their growing bodies and developing brains rely heavily on the regular intake of food. When kids skip breakfast, they end up being hungry for long periods of time. As a result, it causes physical, intellectual and behavioural problems for them.
Eating breakfast is a great way to get your metabolism work well for the day. When your body receives food in the morning, it tells your brain that you’re going to need to start working to digest it. This wakes up the system and warms up the metabolism so it is ready to work throughout the day. When you don’t eat breakfast in the morning, your body thinks that it needs to conserve the energy it has because it isn’t getting any more nutrition. This actually slows your metabolism down, which results in a decrease in the amount of calories you burn all day long.
Eating breakfast will boost you through the whole day, giving the much need energy to perform tasks. ‘Breakfast’ literally means ‘breaking the fast’. After a long night where-in one does not consume any food (fast) the breakfast helps in supplying essential nutrients.  Unfortunately, too many people are skipping breakfast or not eating a healthy breakfast and those people are suffering. So, breakfast is certainly the most important meal of the day.
SHRADDHA AJIT PARKAR, Class IX, VPM Vidya Mandir, Dahisar
Every meal a man, woman, or child consumes plays a role in their daily physical and mental well-being. There are deciding factors in determining which meal has the greatest importance.
The first meal of the day is called breakfast, because it literally breaks the fast that has lasted ten to twelve hours since the last meal of the previous day. Breakfast is proven to be the most important meal of the day.
Without breakfast, some people become less able to do physical work in the late morning hours and some students do not perform well in the classroom. When one skips breakfast, their body shuts down their metabolism in an attempt to preserve what it contains, which causes drowsiness. There are many reasons why breakfast should be a part of people’s everyday diet, but some people just do not have time to eat breakfast.
So, for me breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
Jay Surana, RBK School
Breakfast is the most essential meal. It breaks the long overnight fast, helping you get up and get going. Most importantly eating breakfast helps you to stop feeling hungry later and therefore you’ll be more alert at school and work as you have consumed energy in continued…

70% Chhattisgarh Naxal surrenders are neither Naxal nor surrendersWritten by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Bastar/ Raipur |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:46 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 8:28 am
Chitu Sori of Kodenar village in Kondagaon district is a farmer. On June 26, police declared that the 25-year-old had “surrendered” with several fellow villagers. This was the beginning of an unprecedented run of “surrenders” by Maoists in Chhattisgarh this year. In his records, however, Sori is merely shown to have provided occasional help to Maoists. He returned to his village after the “surrender” and continues living there.
Among the residents of Atulpara village in Sukma who “surrendered” on August 19 were Barse Deva, Madkam Deva and Podiyam Deva. Like many tribals of Bastar, they had long-pending warrants against them, with police often booking villagers in bulk on any suspicion. These warrants were never executed, but this year, the three say, police proposed that if they “surrendered”, the warrants would be withdrawn.
A resident of Chingnar village of Narayanpur, Dayaram Nag provided rations occasionally to Maoists. On September 14, he was among those who “surrendered”.
Chaitram Salam had worked with the Maoists for some years but for a while now had been living in Narayanpur, when police asked him to “surrender” on August 25 in lieu of some benefits.
Going by the Chhattisgarh Police’s records, none of the above cases from Bastar is eligible to be called a “surrendered Maoist”. They are not alone.
Between June 1 and November 28, a total of 377 alleged Maoists are reported to have surrendered in the Maoist-dominated Bastar division, 155 in November alone. A scrutiny of police records and meetings with these “surrendered” Maoists show that at least 270 of the 377 are actually ordinary villagers or routine criminals not eligible to be termed “surrendered Maoists”.
Not one of the 377 surrendered with a weapon, and no one has got the post-surrender relief or rehabilitation. Over 80 per cent of those who surrendered continue living in their villages, the remaining ones in police camps.
In contrast, in the two and a half years from January 2012 to May 2014, the seven districts of Bastar saw only 29 Maoist surrenders.
A week before the deadliest attack on the CRPF in four years by Naxals, in Chhattisgarh’s Sukma district, the Union Home Ministry cited record surrenders in the state as a measure of its successful anti-Maoist policy. On November 26, the state saw the surrender of 63 more such alleged Maoists, the biggest ever in one go.
Bastar IG S R P Kalluri, whose tenure beginning June 10 has seen a surge in surrenders, says he is “not concerned about the eligibility criteria or the surrender policy”. It is a “new strategy for winning an ideological war against Maoists”, he asserts. By wooing tribals through surrenders, police can break the first line of Maoist defence, Kalluri says.
“Earlier anti-Maoism meant mark area and continued…

RCOM to reshuffle top deck as 3 executives l...Reliance Communications to reshuffle top deck as 3 executives leave
Deepali Gupta, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 03.23AM IST
Tags:
Amit Das
(The company, however, denied…)
MUMBAI: Reliance Communications (RCOM) is set for a reshuffle at its top deck with three executives about to leave the nation's fourth largest telecom carrier, including one who is retiring, people familiar with the matter said. Chief Marketing Officer Nilanjan Mukherjee has resigned to set up a startup in the value-added services space, said one of the people.
Along with him, Suresh Sahu , a human resources director based in Mumbai, has also quit. The company's regulatory and compliance chief CS Rao is retiring and scheduled to leave by the end of this month. Rao will be replaced by Punit Garg, head of its India enterprise business, the company said in an email to employees. RCOM declined to comment, while these executives were unreachable for comment.
The company, however, denied speculation in some quarters that Chief Executive Vinod Sawhny , who joined in February this year on a two-year contract, may leave before completing the term.
One of the people said he in fact may even get an extension given that the company's performance has been improving steadily under the watch of Sawhny and consumer business CEO Gurdeep Singh . Earlier this year, RCOM undertook a restructuring to separate its CDMA and GSM businesses. Mukherjee was widely believed to be in the running to head the CDMA operations.
However, the company brought Sawhny on as CEO and Mukherjee continued to hold the title of chief marketing officer. At the time, RCOM also inducted Amit Das from Vodafone as chief of human resources. Garg has been one of the longest serving presidents at RCOM. He was the chief of its global operations and has been at the firm since 2001, nearly five years before the Ambani brothers split the Reliance group leaving RCOM with Anil Ambani and the petroleum business with Mukesh Ambani.
When the company in February named Bill Barney to head Reliance Globalcom as chief executive of the international unit, Garg was left with heading the India enterprise business. Sahu, for the bulk of his near 10 years at Reliance, has been at the company's global business. RCOM underwent a substantial restructuring earlier in December 2011 when it inducted Shamik Das from Sistema Shyam TeleServices as chief operating officer, under Syed Safawi who was chief executive.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Consumer goods sales hit lows as winter gets...You are here: Home > Collections > Chyawanprash
Consumer goods companies alter marketing and inventory strategies as winter gets delayed
Ratna Bhushan & Writankar Mukherjee, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
advertising
(FMCG value consumption…)
NEW DELHI | KOLKATA: With peak winter not yet setting in across North and East India, sales of products such as woollens, cold creams and chyawanprash have fallen year-on-year, forcing companies to alter their marketing and inventory strategies. Sales of almost 20 products including cold creams, body lotions, specialised face care creams, lip balm, chyawanprash, dry fruits and sweets such as chikki are down by 5-7% across general trade, while sales of woollens including jackets and footwear such as boots are down by about 20%, marketers and trade sources said. Firms hope temperatures will come down over the next two weeks to revive sales of 'winter' products.
Mohan Goenka , director at Boroplus lotion and Sona Chandi chyawanprash maker Emami , said the delay in winter has impacted category sales of cold creams and lotions by 5-7% till the first week of December over the same period last year. "It was not perceptible till mid-November, but now we are feeling the impact in retail sales of the winter personal care products," he said.
Goenka said distributors are not loading fresh stock and are waiting for retail sales movement. "We have to monitor sales for another week before coming to a conclusion since there is still time on hand for a sudden onset of chill, which will then grow these categories," he said. The delayed winter comes at a time when the Rs 2.13-lakh-crore fast-moving consumer goods market is beginning to see a revival, at least in urban markets .
It could play spoilsport for annual targets. FMCG value consumption was up 7% in July-September 2014, against 2% in the corresponding year-ago period, according to latest data from researcher IMRB. The past four months have seen reduction in fuel prices, steady interest rates and commodity prices cooling off, which analysts say are fueling positive consumer sentiments. The four-month period of November-February contributes over three-fourths of the Rs 550-crore chyawanprash market. "Yes, winters are a bit delayed.
For the past few years, we have witnessed the start of the winter season being delayed to the second fortnight of December. So, we had planned our marketing strategies accordingly," said KK Chutani, chief marketing officer and executive director - consumer care business at Dabur . The company has close to 65% of chyawanprash sales, which has been growing 10-12% a year.
The firm, which also makes honey and Real juices, has roped in actor Anil Kapoor to endorse a new premium variant of chyawanprash this season. The seasonality impact is not just worrying grocery makers but apparel and footwear retailers too. Harkirat Singh, managing director of apparel and shoe maker Woodland , said sales of jackets and winter wear were down by 20% in November over the same period last year. "Apart from delay of winters, last November was also the marriage season which too, did not happen this year," he said.
Singh, however, added that the firm was confident of making up for the loss since there is still some time for winter sales to peak. "We have been planning our inventory in a way that in case there is a bad season, we can still manage." Fashion retailer Max Retail's executive director Vasanth Kumar said winter wear sales were down by 20% till the first week of December over the same period last year. "We expect winter may be delayed but may stay on for some time.
So, we are planning to postpone launch of our spring line by 7-10 days. However, some retailers may become impatient if winter doesn't set in by this week and start discounting as early as Christmas," Kumar said. Media buying agencies confirmed that firms are pushed to delay advertising of seasonal products this winter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India is relatively stronger under new governmentArun Jaitley
(US is on solid footing. Consumers…)
Brian Moynihan, 55, chairman and CEO, Bank of America, spoke to R Sriram and MC Govardhana Rangan in an extensive interview, touching upon various matters such as the global economy, local business and the change in investor perception about India after the new government took charge. He says tight regulations will not cripple financial innovations that can benefit customers. Edited excerpts:
What are your clients saying about India? How do they see their business prospects?
The enthusiasm of the corporate sector, both the multinational and India based corporate sector, the enthusiasm, optimism, and confidence are all looking up instead of looking down as last year. People are excited and you see that everywhere. A strong leader and they can see the reforms. They tell us it is great stuff and they want to continue to see it come to fruition.
You met Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Prime Minister Narendra Modi. What was your impression?
They have a clear view of what they want to accomplish. They realise it takes work and takes detailed plans and implementation, which is good because that is what it does take. I mean I run a big company and know that you have to have execution plans. They are very enthusiastic. In the case of the prime minister, I can see why people are impressed with him, the dynamic nature. Even a short conversation with him is enough and we can see why people see the optimism.
What do you, as the head of one of the biggest US banks, look forward to?
At Bank of America, we have global businesses. We help companies prosper by lending them money, by cash management, by helping raise capital. We are here to help create things. What we need is the right conditions for growth and that is what we are trying to establish. There is really substantial enthusiasm represented by the investment flows. The stories are good. There is a lot of enthusiasm around the change in government. And by the way, there are not a lot of other great stories around the world right now for people to get enthused about. On a relative basis, this is a very strong story. So you see that from the investor community. That is why the interest has gone up so much.
India is part of BRICS. When others are weakening, how does India differ?
People come up with names and concepts simplifying complex things. There are a lot of countries in the world and each one is absolutely different. On the other hand, each one is actually tied together. You look at this country and this economy and how it relates to other countries and other economies and how the interest level is, and whether this is part of the BRICS or not part of the BRICS is a relevant dialogue. The question is what will go on here fundamentally and then what people think about it. There has been an interest developing in the global nature of US businesses that are mid-sized in the world and vice-versa and so large Indian companies are helping them to start around the world and the United States now.
 
There are worries due to the West's easy monetary policy. Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan has also warned of it. How do you see things?
The world is easier when it is growing because then the decisions are easy. In the US, we have got to be serious about our fiscal position and our debt levels and pension liabilities. But you also have to have the discipline, and that is what policymakers get paid for. But the fear of the US slipping back, which we do not see at all, but the potential that they can slip back into recession when the world has slowed down would not be good for the world. The consumption in the US drives a lot of economic activity and so we have got to keep all the economies moving forward.
Will this cause the next asset bubble — a bond bubble?
I am not an economist, so I do not know. The question is: what is the alternative? If a country is not employing more people, not creating jobs and not growing, you cannot just sit and say, well, that is going to be the circumstance. You have got to try to help. We are extending credit every day in the markets but not too much. So we want companies that can service debt but also have access to leverage and that is the same strategy governments and society have to take.
Stanley Fischer and William Dudley of the Fed talked about raising rates without spooking yields. Is the US economic recovery on track?

Tata Steel input crisisTata Steel input crisis
How Mutual Fund investors use trigger mechanism to book profits at a pre-determined levelHow Mutual Fund investors use trigger mechanism to book profits at a pre-determined level
Blueprint for Rs 30 000 cr pill city unveiledBlueprint for Rs 30 000 cr pill city unveiled
Domestic air traffic rises 16%Domestic air traffic rises 16%
Peoples are favour in govt decision & hope good resultsPlatinum Member
280 Followers
There was no free fall of the SAIL price before the OFS, though a small correction has taken place.  No discount to the market price was the pricing decision. Stand by of government companies a good decision. The surprising part is that every one said "it is not for long term" as the steel sector is not looking attractive at this stage. Inspite of that, the retail part oversubscribed by over 2 times, and the non-government people also subscribed to more than 1 time of the issue. Though it is small size issue, the curtain raiser is an eye openner for the government, who has tried discounts and PSU support to sail though the PSU divestment issues in the past.  This buoyance can also be attributed to market momentum and FII interest in India.  Any way a good omen for the government to complete their divestment process fast.  I believe they will come with ETF with SUUTI shares and other PSU companies (other than ONGC, CIL), as their earlier ETF has given very good returns for the investors. Every additional success of OFS of PSUs will boost market further. Win win for the government and the markets.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
10.14 AM Dec 9th

Tulip will trade today ....1st monday of the month .....any newsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Should be back again on upper circuit trend now.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Highly undervalued stock. zoom zoom.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Meet the most beautiful supermodel in the worldIs 9 yrs Kristina Pimenova world’s youngest yet most successful super model?
Recommend
Link
17 days ago, India Newzstreet
A Russian girl or in more appropriate words kid has been dubbed the most beautiful super model in the world… Now you must be wondering why we are calling her a kid well because she Kristina Pimenova is only nine years old.
More on India Newzstreet:

Harvey Silverglate on Fergusons Unexpected LessonsComments
By Todd Zywicki December 6
In recent days I’ve seen many people suggest that the lesson of recent events in Ferguson, Mo., and New York suggest that we should eliminate grand juries. Harvey Silverglate presents a contrary opinion in a Boston Globe column, “ Ferguson’s Unexpected Lessons ,” arguing that the real problem has been the gradual gutting of the grand jury over time and that this has increased the power of prosecutors. He argues instead, that the Ferguson grand jury process is a model to be emulated generally:
While the grand jury’s decision not to indict may, to some, taste of injustice in this particular case, one should always be wary of wishing for a more zealous prosecutorial approach that infantilizes citizens and robs them of their rightful role in deciding who should, and should not, be charged with serious felonies. In fact, the role played by the grand jury in Ferguson demonstrates the wisdom of our English common law forebears, and poses a challenge to courts and prosecutors nationwide who in recent decades have turned this one-time citizens’ shield against prosecutorial abuse into a sword aimed at the heart of liberty.
***
First, grand juries should be relied on more, not less, especially in cases that arouse popular suspicion, passion or cynicism. Grand jury reforms should be enacted, on both the state and federal level, requiring that grand juries proceed in much the manner that McCulloch ran the St. Louis County grand jury, with an impartial prosecutor, the lawyer representing the target if the lawyer requests to be present, and with full transparency at the end of the process. For those upset by the Ferguson decision, they should know that this sort of grand jury reform will almost certainly result in decreasing the conviction of the innocent and, not so incidentally, lowering the incarceration rate of, among others, many young, black men who now populate our prisons at such a disproportionate rate.
More generally, if the larger concern about the American justice system is that innocent minorities are too often indicted and convicted by the criminal justice system (and, of course, the indictment is often tantamount to a conviction because of the frequency of plea agreements), it isn’t obvious to me why giving more power and discretion to prosecutors and taking away power from ordinary citizens sitting on grand juries is an effective strategy to address that concern.
I guess that one could argue that the system would be more “fair” and “equal” if prosecutors were able to indict more innocent whites and minorities alike, but that seems like a peculiar sort of goal in this realm. In a world in which the criminal laws are so broad and vague that almost anyone can be indicted at any time for almost anything they do, one would think that we’d want to have greater, not lesser, intervention by ordinary citizens against prosecutorial discretion.
These concerns about overcriminalization of ordinary life and the power it gives to prosecutors has been a long-standing concern of Silverglate’s (see here  where Bill Frezza writes about Silverglate’s book, “T hree Felonies a Day: How The Feds Target the Innocent “).
Harvey wrote this after Ferguson decision but before New York jury’s vote, but I doubt the conclusions that he draws here–that “sunlight is the best disinfectant”–would be changed even if he disagrees with the result in that case.

http://usat.ly/1FHsm4bFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dancing Joe Boxer ad has amusing pregnant pause
You've gotta give Joe Boxer credit for one thing this holiday: belly laughs. Just a few weeks ago, Kmart's exclusive underwear and PJ line, rolled out its first holiday ad featuring a line-up of dudes --
Post to Facebook
Dancing Joe Boxer ad has amusing pregnant pause You've gotta give Joe Boxer credit for one thing this holiday: belly laughs. Just a few weeks ago, Kmart's exclusive underwear and PJ line, rolled out its first holiday ad featuring a line-up of dudes -- Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1y1Gxgn
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
11
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dancing Joe Boxer ad has amusing pregnant pause
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 1:35 p.m. EST December 1, 2014
Kmart released its latest Joe Boxer ad, Santa Baby.
(Photo: Kmart)
1363 CONNECT 41 TWEET LINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE
You've gotta give Joe Boxer credit for one thing this holiday: belly laughs.
Just a few weeks ago, Kmart's exclusive underwear and PJ line, rolled out its first holiday ad featuring a lineup of dudes — dressed in PJ bottoms — pounding their bare bellies to the song Jingle Bells.
On Dec. 1, the chain will debut its second holiday spot  online — this time focusing on the bellies of five pregnant dancers.
For Kmart, it's all about serving up eye candy that it hopes will translate into a social media campaign that goes viral. That, of course, is what happened last when it rolled out its instant-classic Joe Boxer spot featuring five hunks — dressed in boxer shorts — shaking their hips to the Jingle Bells tune.  The ad made it look as if the ringer of the bells was actually from the swinging of their male organs.  And it generated more than 18 million YouTube views.
But building on last year's social media isn't simple, says ad consultant Allison  Cohen, "because  the initial surprise is gone."
Sure, this holiday, things have tamed down a bit.  But once again, the ad does have a visual surprise.
When the commercial begins, the five female dancers all have their backs to the camera.  Once the dancing begins, to the song Santa Baby, there's still not a clue that the women all are pregnant — until they turn sideways.   Then, the dancing gals in their PJs kick into an even higher gear.
For Kmart, it's about bringing more women — who purchase most of the PJs anyways — into the Joe Boxer camp. "We sell a lot of women's PJs this time of year," says Diane Vaccaro, chief marketing officer for Kmart Apparel.  "We needed a 'reveal' that could extend the story from the men's line."
But the casting wasn't simple.
Typically, dancers who are pregnant can't find much commercial work. Locating pregnant dancers wasn't simple.  And since the women needed to appear "really pregnant," says Vaccaro, all of them were in their last trimester.  So, besides the five women actually in the commercial, the company cast two more pregnant women — who learned all of the dance moves — just in case any of the others gave birth before the filming was complete.
Since the spot was filmed last month, at least one has given birth, and most of them are expected to have their children by Christmas, says Vaccaro.
As for the babies, well, there's no official word yet from Kmart officials if they'll star in next year's holiday spot.
2014 Joe Boxer holiday ad from Kmart-Jingle Bellies Kmart
1363 CONNECT 41 TWEET LINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1y1Gxgn
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

After victim went to police  DCP had to download App and book a cab to findofficeWritten by Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:08 am
Unable to find any contact number or email address for Uber on its Web pages, portals and blogs, the Delhi Police had to finally book a cab using its app even to trace its office in Signature Hotel, near IFFO Chowk, Gurgaon.
Deputy Commissioner of Police, North, Madhur Verma downloaded the Uber application on his phone early Saturday morning and booked a cab using it. When the cab arrived at Hindu Rao Hospital, where Verma was present while the alleged victim underwent a medical examination, the DCP asked the SHO of Sarai Rohilla police station to get in and told the driver to take him straight to the Uber head office.
The SHO reached Uber office at 7 am Saturday, but no information was reportedly provided to him till 11 am, delaying the search for the driver. Police said the SHO found no staff members apart from two caretakers, and was later told police would have to contact Uber office in New York to get details of the driver.
“There seemed no other way to get in touch with Uber services. Our teams did their best to find a contact number, but we found that the company operates only through the phone app. It is then when I thought of booking a cab myself. We knew that an Uber driver would be aware of the address of the head office,” said Verma.
“The app requires you to set up a PayTM wallet in order to make payments for the ride. I recharged it for Rs 200,” the DCP said.
The SHO found that Uber operates from three-four rooms on the ground floor of Signature Hotel, Verma said.
“He asked the hotel receptionist to provide him the head office’s number, but he had no clue. He then asked the Uber office caretakers, but even they did not have any contact number. The hotel then made a few calls and arranged for an executive’s number, who was asked to come to the office immediately,” Verma said.
The executive reportedly reached around 8.30 am. He told the police he could be of no help as Uber’s entire data base was in New York. “We asked him to provide us details of all the rides booked on Friday along with details of the drivers but he said they did not have any logs in the Delhi office and that we would have to contact the legal team in New York for logs. No details were provided to us till 11 am,” Verma said.

Virtual Uber has no call centre  invisible staff; does not comply with RBI rules; faces heatnowWritten by Mayura Janwalkar , Sandeep Singh , George Mathew | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:06 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 7:42 pm
The Delhi government is considering cancelling Uber’s permission to operate in Delhi, and may issue a notice to inform citizens that the international cab-booking service is “unauthorised”.
The controversial San Fancisco-headquartered company, in one of whose vehicles a 27-year-old executive was allegedly beaten and raped on Friday night, has been struggling with regulatory and operational issues ever since it entered India a year ago.
Uber, which operates in over 200 cities across the world, putting passengers in touch with cab drivers through a smartphone App, is yet to comply fully with rules laid down by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
In Delhi, multiple sources said, Uber does not have a rent-a-cab service permit, only an All India Tourist Permit.
This means, Transport department officials said, that the service was not authorised to operate within a particular state. The Transport department issues 11 kinds of permits to commercial vehicles. An applicant for a rent-a-cab permit must, among other things, have adequate parking space, experience of the passenger transport business, and a fleet of at least 50 cabs, half of which should be air-conditioned.
“They (Uber) have tied up with some cabbies, who have decided to drive for them on their own. The company has been operating in an unauthorised way,” a senior official said. The official added the Delhi government would now scrutinise the permits of all private taxi services.
Unlike other radio or digital taxi companies in India, Uber, which operates through a mobile application (or App), does not have a call centre to interact with customers, and does not provide phone numbers that customers can call. It operates entirely in a virtual world except for the car and the driver, whom no one seems to know.
The only entry into this secretive and opaque operation seems to be through a feedback form, which can be of limited help in emergencies.
Uber has three employees in every city it operates in. A spokesperson for the company declined to provide the names, phone numbers or other details of these individuals. Physically, the closest spokesperson authorised to speak on Uber’s operations in India is based in Singapore.
When contacted in Singapore, the spokesperson, Karun Arya, Uber’s communications head for South Asia, said in an email that “every driver partner goes through an in-person interview/on boarding process, and all details are verified before they can become a driver partner”. The company did not say, however, whether it insists on a police verification of drivers.
On whether Uber had a call centre, the spokesperson said by email, “No call centre. But they (customers) can send in feedback/complaints on multiple channels — in-App after the ride, email (reply to their receipt), through our website, or Twitter.”
The Mathura man involved in Friday night’s incident had been driving without the mandatory police check, and the vehicle did not have the mandatory GPS system.
The much talked about Uber App lacks in security features. The only instrument tracking a cab is the phone continued…

While privatisation is desired  in-house manufacturing units are alsoessentialBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:06 am
SHAJI VIKRAMAN: Doesn’t it present a dilemma — you have to maintain services and there is huge requirement of funds —  How do you manage?
There is plenty of dilemma and also serious negotiations for funds with the Railway Board. Often the Board does not agree on certain issues with us at all, since they make rules for entire the Indian Railways, including suburban. A station like Kalyan handles 900 trains while other station may get not more than 200 trains per day. But the rules and methodologies will be same for both. However, given the heavy passenger traffic, more funds are needed.
KALPANA VERMA: The Centre wants to privatise manufacturing units of the Indian Railways. What do you think?
While privatisation is desired, in-house manufacturing units are also essential. I think a mix of both is essential. Say I have a sudden need of some coaches. In that case I can easily approach the in- house unit and give them a deadline. However, in case of private companies, I will have to place an order at least two years before the delivery of the product.
SHUBHANGI KHAPRE: In the past 15 years, we have seen cost cutting across  boards in administrative and areas of manpower in Western and Central Railways. At the Centre, however, there is always emphasis on massive expansion. How difficult is it to manage this mismatch?
The Parliament has announced construction projects of approximately Rs 1.5 lakh crore. And these sanctioned projects are at least 20-year old projects and nobody has checked the revised cost as on today’s date. But, what they are able to give is only Rs four-five thousand crore per year, which means they will take 60 years even if no new projects are sanctioned. Board has taken
up only 30 per cent of total projects. There is a need for good management.
SHUBHANGI KHAPRE: Is there any mechanism to analyse the projects in pipeline and the ones slotted for future and then modify the languishing projects based on new data?
Earlier there was political pressure but over the past four-five years no political pressure has been there. The Railways tries its best in going for projects with earnings. But if there is political pressure on having a coach factory or any other project, it sails through even if resources are less.
SHAJI VIKARMAN: When the dedicated freight corridor comes up, particularly on the Delhi-Mumbai corridor, what happens to Central Railways and other Railways on that stretch? How do you manage? Have you protested against it?
Not at all. This is development. Like the bullet train, it has to be supported. What will be done is that the rules of pricing the passenger fare will be rewritten. Today, the rule is to make goods traffic pay through its nose, a system, which will not even be available to Indian Railways once the Dedicated Freight Corridor (DFC) is set up. It will continued…

Businesses hit  day-to-day life crippled in Maldives water crisisBusinesses hit  day-to-day life crippled in Maldives water crisis
Renewable energy cos gear up for fundraising...accelerated depreciation
(Another IPO aspirant is Sumant Sinha,…)
NEW DELHI: India's renewable energy companies are gearing up for big-ticket fundraising with IPOs, debt and investment foreign inflows to match the gigantic requirement of the government's unprecedented enthusiasm to generate clean power.
Sector specialists say wind energy firms are planning to raise Rs 5,000-6,000 crore while the government-owned financing entity for clean energy projects, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency (IREDA), is also looking to raise nearly Rs 3,000 crore through an IPO.
With the renewable energy, coal and power minister Piyush Goyal emphatically declaring that commercial viability, not subsidies will propel the sector to add 10,000 Mw of wind energy a year and 100,000 Mw of solar power, companies in the sector that has so far been propped up with subsidies and tax breaks are preparing to take the plunge.
"Project sizes have grown but our net worth is very small at only Rs 2,200 crore. To compete better, we would like to have net worth of Rs 5,000 crore by the end of next two years. So we will see if we can borrow funds from the market and do an initial public offer," IREDA's chairman and managing director KS Popli told ET.
According to government officials, IREDA is actively considering an IPO in the next 18-24 months.
Another IPO aspirant is Sumant Sinha, founder and CEO of ReNew Power, in which Goldman Sachs invested Rs 1,000 crore a year ago. He sees the wind energy's equity requirement of $2 billion (about Rs 12,400 crore) out of the $10 billion needed for the 10,000 Mw to be added each year. It would also need $7 billion in debt, he told ET.
After the government reinstated tax breaks like accelerated depreciation (AD) and generation based incentives (GBI) this year, which were suspended in 2012, manufacturers of wind mill equipment as well as power generation companies are looking to expand and add capacity aggressively.
According to market intelligence firm Mercom Capital, if India maintains wind average installation levels of 3 GW over the next 2-5 years, the wind developers will be expected to raise about USD 3 billion a year. On the manufacturing side it is less clear and is not entirely dependent on the Indian market demand.
Experts said bigger generation and the exit of PE investors would also be a factor in fundraising. "As wind companies reach gigawatt scale, we are likely to witness fivesix IPOs in both domestic and alternate markets over next five years. PE exits sooner or later will also be a cause for this," said Anish De, partner (infrastructure and government Services) at global consulting firm KPMG. De added that wind energy companies were likely to raise Rs 1,000 crore through fresh issuance of shares.
INOX Wind, a wind energy equipment manufacturing company, plans to raise Rs 700 crore through an IPO in the first quarter of next fiscal to expand capacity. The second piece of the IPO will entail Gujarat Fluorochemicals, a listed entity, which owns 75% of INOX Wind, tendering up to two crore shares in order to comply with regulations.
Wind turbine manufacturer Re-Gen Powertech hasn't ruled out the possibility of an IPO over the span of a year. "We have to provide exit to PE investors, so an IPO is definitely not ruled out," said Madhusudan Khemka, managing director of Regen Powertech, which has installed over 2,000 Mw of wind farms over the past seven years.
Khemka said that in the run-up to achieving the target of installing 10,000 wind megawatts a year, India will see installations increasing by 1,000 Mw every consecutive year.
Currently, India has over 21,000 Mw of installed wind capacity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Investors make a beeline for India based PE fundsInvestors make a beeline for India based PE funds
South African hostage s widow forgives his killersSouth African hostage s widow forgives his killers
Army Chief pays tribute to Uri attack martyrs in SrinagarArmy Chief pays tribute to Uri attack martyrs in Srinagar
Good. you got it at a very good price. everyfall keep accumulating it ...Platinum Member
715 Followers
..Finally RBI policy out and no change at all in lending rates....and market corrected. will correct more...The current valuations are not as enticing as they were three-four months ago.Remember that markets never move in a straight line ., sop lets not be worried of an impending sell off. But look to accumulate good quality stocks and that have decent track records, professional management and fair valuations , and most important a sustainable business...... Now onwards keep an eye on parliament winter session starting from 24 nov- -Land acquisition bill, insurance bill , GST - all these pending bills will be taken up , this yrs FII inflow $15 billion , last yr $20 billion, . and and this month weak rollover of FII position in equity derivatives points to weakness ahead. ....so.....so.........plan your trade...........so remain committed. be positive. i am confident all the stocks that i regularly suggest give more than 10-20-30-40 percent return since every 1-2-4-6- months....what else do i want....look at TRF ...i have been suggesting to accumulate when one month back was trading below 300.............NOW shot up to 418 levels......fantastic......this is the sure shot returns that we all want....share knowledge and .....grow together.....thats the mantra....also look at dolphin off......one month back 155......now shot up to 191......fantastic.....look at ISGEC....one month ....two months....three months back ....it was 2750 levels.......and have been suggesting to buy.......now 4200 levels......fantastic....Marico Kaya @ 525 levels ........now shot up to 988 ......I had suggested to buy Themis two months ago when it was around 115-120 levels.....now shot up to 208... ...Dolphin Off at 151 levels......now shot up to 223 ....will go to 450... in one year....Wockhardt from 625 levels since last 2 months ....now jumped to 1008........surely this stock will reach new highs....perhaps ....1400 to 1800 by March 2015........Triton Valves @ 735 ....now 1245 , Jindal saw @ 75 .........now 111.......i can go on...and on.....the list is long.....in fact YOU can check all my postings ....going back wards..........you will know what i am talking.......SO keep sharing knowledge....................in this blog........and let everyone benefit......and grow...........goodluck and godbless................NOW........NOW is suggest that you accumulate the foll::::::::: canara bank , tata steel , Jindal saw-Must buy , Marksans, Dolphin Off-must , Ashapura Minin-Must , Morganite Cruc-must grab it in every fall, , MMTC , Ashapura Mining-must ,B&A Ltd - must buy , Empire Inds-must buy , BOI , Century text , MMTC , Marksans, Om Metals - must , Delta Corp-must , Themis-must ., GRP , TRF , ISGEC , GRP Ltd...etc..............goodluck and godbless.
In reply to : kulkarnitejas1988 message
7.33 PM Dec 5th

See 20% uc sureshot on mondayGold Member
28 Followers
stocktips not 20 percentage circuit but we can expect good upmove with volume and closing above 150..tomorrow. .but all it depends on market status...
In reply to : StockTips message
1.15 AM Dec 9th

Multinational it company eyeing to buy stake in datamatics will fly on...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Multinational company eyeing to buy stake in datamatics will fly on mo...Platinum Member
1722 Followers
multinational company eyeing to buy stake in datamatics will fly on monday opening be... Read full message
4.59 AM Dec 8th  | Track

Weekend Roundup: One Country  Two Dreamsreddit
If the sharply contrasting views of students in Xian or Beijing and Hong Kong are any indication, Deng Xiaoping's ideal formulation of "one country, two systems" has morphed into another reality:  one country, two dreams.
George Chen writes that President Xi Jinping's "Chinese Dream" competes with other narratives in today's China: the "get rich is glorious" story of Alibaba's Jack Ma and the democratic aspirations of the Hong Kong students.
In a conversation with students after a lecture in Beijing, Amitai Etzioni detected a surprisingly aggressive patriotism, and even anti-Americanism, in college students he spoke with. WorldPost Senior Editor Kathleen Miles found similar sentiments when she talked with other students in Beijing as well as Xian. In contrast, WorldPost China Correspondent Matt Sheehan observes that the student-led umbrella protests in Hong Kong have become a "defining generational moment," not unlike the burst of freedom against authority in the 1960s in the West, that will trouble Beijing for a long time to come.
This week, plummeting oil prices are creating geopolitical havoc. Writing from Beirut, former MI6 agent Alastair Crooke argues that more and more energy trade is being denominated in roubles and yuan, undermining the petrodollar that cements the U.S.-Saudi alliance in the Middle East. Elena Ulansky notes what a disaster falling prices are for the Russian economy that is dependent on energy exports. Writing from Moscow, Alexander Golts suggests that "with oil prices falling, corrupt officials see defense spending as their last opportunity to pocket government funds." Writing from Oman, Alexis Crow notes that Iran's massive natural gas reserves are a cushion against oil and banking sanctions.
Nobel economist Roger Myerson and  former U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine John Herbst argue that Ukraine's voluntary removal of nuclear weapons after the Cold War obliges the West to provide it now with conventional weapons to defend itself against Russian aggression.
Parsing the internal debates in Tehran, Iranian dissident journalist Akbar Ganji argues that Ayatollah Khamenei favors a nuclear deal with the West over the objections of the hardliners who have been his allies. Reporting on a recent visit to the kingdom, CBS News Foreign Correspondent Holly Williams says women are leading a revolution in Saudi Arabia from behind closed doors.
In an interview, Prince Hassan of Jordan scores the recent spate of European parliamentary votes recognizing a Palestinian state as "a gross irrelevance" and says that only a concept of common citizenship can change the Middle East. In this week's Forgotten Fact , The WorldPost looks at how the state of Palestine was declared long before Europe's push for recognition. Turning to Israel's own questions of national identity, Peter Mellgard reports on the divisive stir being caused within Israel and abroad over a legislative proposal to proclaim Israel a "Jewish state."
Writing from Erbil, UNESCO chief Irina Bokova calls for an end to "cultural cleansing" of historic sites in Iraq and Syria. WorldPost Middle East Correspondent Sophia Jones reports that the poorly funded U.N. World Food Program is all that stands between Syrian refugees and starvation. She also reports on the migrants crossing the Mediterranean, who are still dying as maritime rescue operations are scaled back.
Nobel laureate Amartya Sen argues that democracies where citizens are  information-rich are the best governed. As Nicolas Berggruen and Darrell Steinberg write, the recent reforms of the initiative system by the Think Long Committee in California have enabled just what Dr. Sen prescribed: "enriching the informational base of democracy and making greater use of interactive public reasoning." Laura Tyson , the top economic advisor during the years Bill Clinton was president, writes that "the U.S. political system is increasingly dominated by money. This is a clear sign that income inequality in the U.S. has risen to levels that threaten not only the economy's growth, but also the health of its democracy." Development economist Aashish Mehta lays out five ways to lessen inequality as jobs disappear.
In a wide-ranging interview, European Parliament President Martin Schulz acknowledges that the European Union has "an image problem," particularly in the wake of Pope Francis' speech last week in Strasbourg comparing it to "a barren grandmother."
Finally, in a photo essay from her visit to the small village of Da Ping, Kathleen Miles documents a way of life that is dwindling as China rapidly urbanizes.
WHO WE ARE
EDITORS: Nathan Gardels, Senior Advisor to the Berggruen Institute on Governance and the long-time editor of NPQ and the Global Viewpoint Network of the Los Angeles Times Syndicate/Tribune Media, is the Editor-in-Chief of The WorldPost. Farah Mohamed is the Managing Editor of The WorldPost. Kathleen Miles is the Senior Editor of the WorldPost. Alex Gardels is the Associate Editor of The WorldPost. Nicholas Sabloff is the Executive International Editor at the Huffington Post, overseeing The WorldPost and HuffPost's 12 international editions. Eline Gordts is HuffPost's Senior World Editor.
CORRESPONDENTS: Sophia Jones in Istanbul; Matt Sheehan in Beijing.
EDITORIAL BOARD: Nicolas Berggruen, Nathan Gardels, Arianna Huffington, Eric Schmidt (Google Inc.), Pierre Omidyar (First Look Media) Juan Luis Cebrian (El Pais/PRISA), Walter Isaacson (Aspen Institute/TIME-CNN), John Elkann (Corriere della Sera, La Stampa), Wadah Khanfar (Al Jazeera), Dileep Padgaonkar (Times of India) and Yoichi Funabashi (Asahi Shimbun).
CONTRIBUTING EDITORS: Moises Naim (former editor of Foreign Policy), Nayan Chanda (Yale/Global; Far Eastern Economic Review) and Katherine Keating (One-On-One). Sergio Munoz Bata and Parag Khanna are Contributing Editors-At-Large.
The Asia Society and its ChinaFile, edited by Orville Schell, is our primary partner on Asia coverage. Eric X. Li and the Chunqiu Institute/Fudan University in Shanghai and Guancha.cn also provide first person voices from China. We also draw on the content of China Digital Times. Seung-yoon Lee is The WorldPost link in South Korea.
Jared Cohen of Google Ideas provides regular commentary from young thinkers, leaders and activists around the globe. Bruce Mau provides regular columns from MassiveChangeNetwork.com on the "whole mind" way of thinking. Patrick Soon-Shiong is Contributing Editor for Health and Medicine.
ADVISORY COUNCIL: Members of the Berggruen Institute's 21st Century Council and Council for the Future of Europe serve as the Advisory Council -- as well as regular contributors -- to the site. These include, Jacques Attali, Shaukat Aziz, Gordon Brown, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Juan Luis Cebrian, Jack Dorsey, Mohamed El-Erian, Francis Fukuyama, Felipe Gonzalez, John Gray, Reid Hoffman, Fred Hu, Mo Ibrahim, Alexei Kudrin, Pascal Lamy, Kishore Mahbubani, Alain Minc, Dambisa Moyo, Laura Tyson, Elon Musk, Pierre Omidyar, Raghuram Rajan, Nouriel Roubini, Nicolas Sarkozy, Eric Schmidt, Gerhard Schroeder, Peter Schwartz, Amartya Sen, Jeff Skoll, Michael Spence, Joe Stiglitz, Larry Summers, Wu Jianmin, George Yeo, Fareed Zakaria, Ernesto Zedillo, Ahmed Zewail,  and Zheng Bijian.
From the Europe group, these include: Marek Belka, Tony Blair, Jacques Delors, Niall Ferguson, Anthony Giddens, Otmar Issing, Mario Monti, Robert Mundell, Peter Sutherland and Guy Verhofstadt.
MISSION STATEMENT
The WorldPost is a global media bridge that seeks to connect the world and connect the dots.  Gathering together top editors and first person contributors from all corners of the planet, we aspire to be the one publication where the whole world meets.
We not only deliver breaking news from the best sources with original reportage on the ground and user-generated content; we bring the best minds and most authoritative as well as fresh and new voices together to make sense of events from a global perspective looking around, not a national perspective looking out.
More:

http://usat.ly/1rTdHC6FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
5 once-popular cars killed off with 'final editions'
More automakers are giving the long goodbye to models on the way out, offering up their last few cars out of the factory as "final editions." As Volkswagen is saying "adios" to the Eos sedan or Mercedes-Benz
Post to Facebook
5 once-popular cars killed off with 'final editions' More automakers are giving the long goodbye to models on the way out, offering up their last few cars out of the factory as "final editions." As Volkswagen is saying "adios" to the Eos sedan or Mercedes-Benz Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1rFLvT9
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
5 once-popular cars killed off with 'final editions'
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 12:15 p.m. EST December 1, 2014
Automakers are giving the final edition treatment to a number of car models, starting with the Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution. It's final edition comes next summer. Here's an Evo 6 near Manama, Bahrain, in this 2004 file photo, 
(Photo: ALI FRAIDOON, AP)
Toyota FJ Cruiser was a rugged offroad vehicle, and its now on the way out 
(Photo: Toyota)
A model stands beside the China premiere display of Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG car during  the Beijing Auto Show in 2010. It's been replaced. 
(Photo: Feng Li, Getty Images)
Cadillac CTS-V is taking a long bow goodbye, but a new one could be right behind it. 
(Photo: GM, Wieck)
Volkswagen Eos is a fun convertible that's on its way out 
(Photo: Volkswagen)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay
Qatar's Faisal al-Attiyah drives his Mitsubishi Lancer Evo 6 through the sand near Manama, Bahrain, in 2004
(Photo: ALI FRAIDOON, AP)
287 CONNECT 41 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
LOS ANGELES -- Mitsubishi's Lancer Evolution remains one of the hottest-performing small cars on the market, but its heat hasn't extended to sales lately.
Mitsubishi officials said last week at the Los Angeles Auto Show that they're going to kill off the little Evo after the 2015 model year. But don't fret if you want one. It's one of the models from various makers celebrating their final years with long goodbyes designed to squeeze  a few more sales from nostalgic advocates.
They are usually classed as  "final editions."
Whether it's Volkswagen saying "adios" to the Eos hardtop convertible or Mercedes-Benz offering a "so long" to the AMG SLS brute, automakers are embracing a get-'em-before-they're-gone philosophy.
It's up to buyers to decide whether a model is, indeed, going away.
Mercedes turned right and created a new near-supercar, the Mercedes-AMG GT, to fill the void being left by the AMG SLS. Mazda sold out of 25th anniversary MX-5 Miatas earlier this year, but now has shown a shapely next-generation MX-5 Miata.
But often automakers just kill vehicle names outright and create for these a last, very public bow. Models on their last legs:
•Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution. The Evo will bow out next summer after a "special action model" is offered as a swan song. "It's a great 'halo" for for the brand, says  Don Swearingen, Mitsubishi's executive vice president in the U.S., of the Evo. "but at the end of the day, we only sell about 200 a month." Mitsu will move instead to hot-performing plug-in cars.
•Volkswagen Eos. The slope-backed steel droptop was a design marvel when it was introduced, but it has lagged on its high price. To make the Final Edition a "going out of business" deal at $39,985 including destination charges, VW has pounded on extras such as 18-inch allow wheels, backup camera and heated 12-way power seats.
"The decision to name the Eos 'Final Edition' was based on a desire to recognize the model for its unique content while celebrating the value it has brought to the VW lineup over the years," says spokesman Darryll Harrison. The naming protocol "has become a little bit of a tradition with some of our models."
•Mercedes-Benz AMG SLS. The supercar with nostalgic upward-opening "gullwing" doors became a favorite of car magazines as soon as it went on sale in 2010 because of its blistering performance and heritage.
The "Final Edition" made its debut at the auto shows last year, and the final run is limited to 350 units globally. A few remain "but are basically sold out," says Mercedes spokesman Christian Bokich.
As high-impact supercars go, though, it's being looked upon as a success. "The SLS definitely has a key place in automotive history and has gracefully exited the marketplace," he says.
•Toyota FJ Cruiser. Toyota says it built 2,500 of what it called the Trail Teams Ultimate Edition Cruiser as a swan song for the distinctive off-road vehicle.
The final FJ "pays tribute to the iconic Land Cruiser FJ40 of the 1960s, from which the FJ Cruiser draws its rugged DNA, inspiration and design," Toyota says.
"We created the Ultimate Edition to give the FJ a proper send off," says Sam Butto, a Toyota spokesman.
•Cadillac CTS-V Coupe. Cadillac said it would build 500 "limited edition" CTS-V performance cars based on the last-generation CTS for a 2015 model year even though a new V-Series is on its way for 2016.
Cadillac says the outgoing model is a way of celebrating the characteristics that defined the 2010 to 2014 models -- a 556-horsepower supercharged V-8 engine, Brembo brakes and magnetic-ride control.
But it is only a "stepping stone" to the next generation, Cadillac says.
287 CONNECT 41 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1rFLvT9
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Hargreaves Lansdown CFO resignsHargreaves Lansdown CFO resigns
Judith Evans
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dcc58c58-7e32-11e4-b7c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New body replacing Planning Commission likely by January-endAnand Sharma
(Modi had said in his maiden…)
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi-led NDA government will move ahead with setting up of a new institution in place of the Planning Commission despite resistance from Congress-ruled states as a majority of states are on board. The new institution could be in place before the end of January 2015 and would have adequate representation from states and will include domain experts.
In a meeting convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi with chief ministers of all states on Sunday, Congress-ruled states were of the view that the present Planning Commission should be evolved into a new structure, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told the media after the meeting.
"Most states are in favour of a system that strengthens their ability to deliver and hence they want more flexibility. There was a larger consensus to the effect that the context has changed and there is a need to decentralise power and planning and states needs to be empowered," Jaitley added. Earlier, Modi referred to remarks by his predecessor to bolster his push for replacing the Planning Commission.
NDA states seek immediate disbanding of panel
" Manmohan Singh , who had been associated for a long time with the Planning Commission, had noted that the body has no futuristic vision in the post-reform period. He had also noted that the Planning Commission would have to reinvent itself to remain more effective and relevant in the present situation," Modi told state CMs in his concluding remarks.
"The current global scenario offered a chance for India to take a big leap forward," Modi said, seeking to abandon the 'incremental' approach of the past and creating a new approach — in which the Centre and the states act as a team — in the spirit of co-operative federalism. Congress party spokesperson Anand Sharma said the move to dismantle the Planning Commission will be "unwarranted, shortsighted and dangerous" as it will have a long-term adverse effect on Centre-state relations, asserting that the panel needed "reorientation" and not "political burial".
His party colleague and Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy towed a similar line. "I am not convinced that the wholesale change of a time-tested institution is required, particularly so, when we have not progressed even now beyond the conceptual stage of designing an alternative mechanism."
While chief ministers of Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand skipped the meet on account of elections in their states, states of West Bengal and Mizoram were represented by their finance ministers. However, some NDA states and those ruled by parties like the AIADMK and Telangana Rashtra Samithi wanted immediate disbanding of the Planning Commission.
West Bengal and northeastern states, barring Assam, have pitched for strengthening states and giving more powers to the inter-state council under the new institution. According to Jaitley, Prime Minister Modi had extensive consultation with states and the central government will take a considered view on the new institution as it is of the view that policy planning needs to change from "top to bottom" to "bottom to top".
Modi had said in his maiden Independence Day speech that the Planning Commission should be replaced by an organisation which can think creatively, strengthen the federal structure and energise states.
A new structure
While the government has yet to take a view on the new institution, the first meeting of the PM with chief ministers on the alternative institution hints that the government is considering an institution which will have the Prime Minister, some Cabinet ministers and some chief ministers along with technocrats and experts in various fields. States could be given the liberty to spend funds according to their needs, a demand made by various states which feel that "one size fits all" strategy isn't workable.
A presentation made by Planning Secretary Sindhushree Khullar on Sunday has proposed six key functions of the new institution: evolving a consensus on national development strategy, fostering cooperative federalism, defining reforms agenda, serving as a platform for cross-sectoral issues, acting as a knowledge and innovation hub besides capacity building and technology watch group.
Under the present allocation of business rules, the Planning Commission is responsible for formulating plans, assessing and allocating plan resources, identifying constraints, appraisal of plans, determining implementation machinery and formulating programmes for area development.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Redskins-Rams best and worstBest and worst moments from Washington’s 24-0 loss to the Rams at FedEx Field.
Worst loss: This was the worst loss of the season, by a lot. And the Redskins are currently 3-10. In fact, this would be on the short list of worst losses in the last decade, and there have been a lot of bad losses in the last decade. To get utterly humiliated by a losing team, at home, in front of a half-empty stadium, behind a third-string quarterback, after a week of more off-field drama and media fiascos? Not sure how much worse it can really get. But I know this: it can always get worse.
Worst symbolism: The Redskins’ offense was silenced by a Rams defense led by Gregg Williams. The Redskins team was steamrolled by a Rams organization that has attempted to rebuild with all those RGIII picks. The symbolism was nauseating.
Worst optimism: Well, the head coach appears in over his head, all three quarterbacks have now failed, the franchise running back gained six yards on eight carries, the franchise left tackle was miserable, the defensive coordinator got ripped by his former captain, the challenge process remains broken, the special teams were decrepit, the pass coverage was often non-existent, and what fans remained in the fourth quarter alternated between booing and calling for the twice-benched former starting QB to retake the field. It didn’t rain, at least.
Worst quarterback play: Colt McCoy, the journeyman given a shot to save his career in Washington, threw for 199 yards, no touchdowns and two interceptions. He was also sacked six times. This was virtually indistinguishable from some of Robert Griffin III’s worst games.
Worst fake punt: Down nine and needing a spark in the third quarter, with their offense already getting booed, the Redskins tried a fake punt, behind superstar punter Tress Way. He needed five yards. He got two. No one seemed particularly faked. The crowd booed some more.
Worst challenge: After that fake punt, the Rams hit a long pass to Stedman Bailey, who lost the ball after he was tackled near the end zone. His forearm was pretty obviously down before losing the ball, but Jay Gruden and/or Bruce Allen challenged the call anyhow. They lost, of course, and are now 1 for 8 on challenges this season. This one may have been the worst. Suggestion: Ask Bruce Allen what he thinks, then do the reverse.
(By Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
Best fake extra point: I mean, it was basically just rubbing it in, but the Rams executed a pretty sweet fake extra-point in the third quarter to make their lead 17-0. The Redskins seemed faked. The crowd booed some more.
Worst stat: After his fake-punt attempt, which came midway through the third quarter, Way had two yards rushing. At that point, he had equaled the output of starting running back Alfred Morris. Morris would later gain four more yards, at least.
Worst punt-return coverage: Tavon Austin entered the game averaging 7.3 yards on punt returns this season. Sunday, he averaged 35 yards per return, including a 78-yarder for a touchdown. If that game was supposed to be a throwback to 2013, the special teams sure did its part.
Worst blocking: Trent Williams is supposed to be the best player on the offense. At least once, he did not move as his quarterback got blind-sided. Without one shred of exaggeration, a stuffed turtle could have blocked as effectively here. Redskins quarterbacks were sacked seven times on the day.
— Ben Celestino (@bencelestino) December 7, 2014
Trent Williams refuses to block someone https://t.co/y5hy8VLnM6
— Ben Celestino (@bencelestino) December 7, 2014
Worst truth: Of course, this could have been said for dozens of other soccer players, too.
Lionel Messi has outscored the Redskins today.
— Steven Goff (@SoccerInsider) December 7, 2014
Worst mismatch: The Redskins have now played all four teams in the strong NFC West, going 0-4. The total margin? How about 98-50.
Worst chant: The RGIII chant was just sad at this point. Everything was sad.
@dcsportsbog RG3 chants ring throughout Fedex Field https://t.co/Jm3kzC3VJi
— Ben Celestino (@bencelestino) December 7, 2014
Worst first drive: Whether or not Colt McCoy looked good running Washington’s offense on the game’s first drive (he kinda of did, for a minute), the march ended as so many others have this season: with an unsightly interception. Whether it was a bad throw, a miscommunication or Ryan Grant’s slip-and-fall, the ball wound up in the arms of Rodney McLeod.
Worst review: Officials reviewed that play, since they review all turnovers. They decided the call on the field would stand. Then they reviewed that play again, because this was a Redskins-Rams game. This time, they decided that McLeod was down by contact, which he was. Why they didn’t figure that out the first time, I have no idea. But I loved the review of a review. Just wish they had reviewed the review of the review.
Worst flow: This was not necessarily beautiful football. One early Rams drive featured a (recovered) fumble, a personal foul penalty against Ryan Clark, an illegal use of hands penalty against the Rams, and an offensive pass interference penalty against the Rams. If you can believe this, the first quarter ended with a 0-0 score.
Best pass rusher: Ryan Kerrigan continued his dream season with two more sacks, running his season total to 11.5. His previous career high had been 8.5. One of his famous friends approved.
Another sack!
Worst kickoff return: After St. Louis scored its first touchdown, Andre Roberts fielded the ball at the goal line and returned it to Washington’s 12-yard line. This was the man signed to rejuvenate the return units.
Worst punt return: Andre Roberts fielded a punt at the 4-yard line. I always thought you weren’t supposed to field a punt at your own 4-yard line. After a few moves, Roberts was tackled at the 4-yard line. At least a penalty on the Rams gave Washington 15 more yards.
Worst coverage: Kenny Britt was wide open on a second-quarter drive, but Shaun Hill threw a horrendous pass and the chance was lost. On the same drive, though, Jared Cook was wide open, and Hill hit him for a 35-yard touchdown. Of course, Cook would later get far more wide open on yet another touchdown catch, when he appeared to be closer to the official than to any defenders.
— Danny (@recordsANDradio) December 7, 2014
Worst place-kicking: Greg Zuerlein, who might have the most nicknames of any NFL kicker, managed to miss an extra point, a 28-yard field goal and a 38-yard field goal, all in the second quarter. Instead of being down 13-0, the Redskins thus only trailed by six.
Worst celebration: The Redskins’ defense stiffened on a second-quarter drive, thanks to back-to-back sacks of Shaun Hill. Indeed, that’s worth celebrating. But if the quarterback fumbles the ball, you should probably make sure you try to recover it before you start the celebration.
Great catch by @dcsportsbog . Chris Baker celebrates while the Rams recover the fumble. pic.twitter.com/APxlMnwoF7
— michael phillips (@michaelpRTD) December 7, 2014
Worst cheap shot: London Fletcher’s criticism of Jim Haslett’s on-field performance was scaldingly harsh, but probably something that comes with the territory. This reply to Haslett’s son on Twitter, though? Woo baby. I might have left that one in my drafts folder.
@10JICH @Russellmania980 you're father has ruined plenty of people's career.
— NFL_IRONMAN (@LFletcher59) December 7, 2014
Worst offense: At halftime, Washington only trailed by six, but that was mostly because of Rams place-kicking blunders. Washington, in fact, had just 93 yards of offense at the break, less than half of the Rams’ total. The offense finished with 206 yards.
This is the first time the Redskins have been shut out in the first half this season and 1st time since Week 11 last year.
— John Keim (@john_keim) December 7, 2014
Worst quote: “Obviously we are going down instead of raising our level of play,” Coach Jay Gruden said after the game. “And that’s not good.”
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Gruden: We are going down  instead of rising our level of playBy Chelsea Janes December 7 Follow @chelsea_janes
The Washington Post's Keith McMillan and Dan Steinberg found only duds to talk about in this week's edition of the wrap. The Redskins lost at home, 24-0, to the Rams. (Randolph Smith/The Washington Post)
Another Sunday, another somber postgame news conference for the Washington Redskins . After a futile 24-0 loss to the St. Louis Rams, Redskins Coach Jay Gruden was out of answers.
On the effort as a whole: 
“We didn’t make any plays really offensively. Defensively we tried to hang around there, but gave up a lead late — 17-0 — and it turned us into a one-dimensional football team. And we’re not very good when that happens. But I think for the most part the guys are trying. We just got outcoached and outplayed today.
On Colt McCoy’s ineffectiveness: 
“You know what, it’s no fun when you start a game and there’s five minutes to go in the game, you’re playing against the Rams, you’re losing 24-0, I don’t think it’s right to throw another quarterback in there and throw him into the wolves. I think Colt wanted to finish the drive and try to get something going positively, get a touchdown there at the end of the game, and then he got hurt. We’ll see where it stands next week.”
On the third quarter: 
“Third quarter, you know it was 6-0 at the half, then we give up the eight-minute drive, they pick up a field goal. We go three-and-out and punted, and they scored again to make it 17-0 and we’re trying to get some drives together and nothing really happened, unfortunately. We’ll relive the situation, look at the tape and see what went wrong.”
On how bad this loss is:
“You go on to next week, it’s all we can do. We continue to coach our players off this tape, find out something we can do offensively because today was not very good. We tried to get the running game going and lost yardage, and once again, in the first half we stayed into a lot of third and longs and couldn’t finish anything. We just have to take a look at ourselves and try to get better. We have three division games left, and we have to try to finish out strong with our three division games.”
On the quarterback situation:
“We have to look at Colt and see how his neck is doing then look at the tape and see what happened as far as the production is concerned. One of the reasons we took out Robert in the first place was lack of production on offense. We brought Colt in here and he did some good things last week, and same thing. No production, so to speak. But I have to look at the film and try to make a judgment on the quarterback situation. We’re all looking for answers, to try to find out who can lead us to victories and who can get this offense on a roll, and that is obviously still to be determined.”
On whether he’s coaching for his job: 
“We took over this football team and did the best we could in the offseason, tried to get some holes filled, and working hard to try to get some wins here, but it hasn’t worked out very well. Obviously we’re 3-10 and as a coach you’re judged on wins and losses and you know that going in. You know that whenever you sign a contract; you’re judged on wins and losses. And all you can do is do what you believe in and try to motivate the guys and try to find out ways to get victories in the NFL, and if you don’t, you’re always subject to owners making a change. That’s their right. They have that right. But I’m just going to keep coaching the way I know how and not worry about it and do the best I can.”
Jay Gruden walks off the field after the game. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
On hitting another rock bottom: 
“We got to challenge our guys to compete. Last year was very similar: if you watch the tape, as the season went on, things got worse and worse. You go into the offseason, you have a lot of questions. I feel like we’re, obviously we are going down instead of raising our level of play, and that’s not good. We have to find a way to stop the downfall and rise somehow these last three games. Try to get something positive going into next year. That’s all we can do as far as the coaching staff is concerned.”
On all the drama around the team, in particular London Fletcher’s rant on CBS: 
“I just got wind of that today. That’s unfortunate. I know Coach Haslett had a lot of respect for London Fletcher as we all do as a football player and as a person. That’s unfortunate that came out like that. But everyone is entitled to their opinion, and when you lose, you open yourself up to all kinds of scrutiny. Twitter, newspaper, whatever it is, and you get what you deserve in football. When you lose, you deserve some of this. We put a lot of work into this game, a lot of effort, but it doesn’t show on game day sometimes, but you can never get too low in this game, I’ve learned, and you can never get too high. We have to stay the course, do what we believe in, coach the way we want to coach, and try to get these players better the last three weeks. That’s all we can do.”
On the offensive line and blocking: 
“Well, it’s a team game. It’s not just the offensive line. I know our tight ends gave up a couple more and our backs gave up a couple more and sometimes in the running game it’s point of attack with different people. The backside guy and somebody else. The thing that kills you on offense is the negative plays. It’s one thing to gain a yard or two, but we’re losing four or we’re losing five or we’re losing seven and putting us in dang near impossible down and distances for any quarterback. I don’t care who it is here.”
“So we have to find out a way to eliminate those negative plays, and then the third down and longs, the stunts it’s tough on any lineman, but there’s no question from an offensive standpoint, there’s not a lot positive we can pull out of this performance. The line didn’t do great, obviously our quarterbacks struggled, receivers had a couple drops, we missed a couple protections with our backs. So it’s back to the drawing board. We have to figure out something we do well, very well, and right now that’s a struggle. Tried to get the running game going, couldn’t do it. Tried to get the passing game going, balls were batted. Obviously we get in third and long, try to get something going down the field, and didn’t protect. So it was tough calling plays out there today.”
On whether or not there was a thought of going back to Robert Griffin III: 
“Like I said, the issue in the first half was just the negative plays and so many third and longs, I didn’t think anything would really help there. The second half came, and then the floodgates opened. I don’t want to be, as a coach, you don’t want to be wishy washy. Every time a guy has a bad series, take him out and throw another guy in there. Then every time he has a bad series, take him out and throw him in there. You want to see guys finish what they started. And see if they can turn it around from a standpoint of playing a position and trying to get some positive things going into next week. Obviously that didn’t happen, Colt hurt his neck, so we’re back to the drawing board.”
On how tough it will be to motivate the team: 
“They’re pro football players. Any time you have a chance to play against the New York Giants, the Dallas Cowboys, and the Philadelphia Eagles, you should be able to be motivated as a pro football player. It’s exciting, it’s a privilege to play this game. So if I have to motivate a pro football player to play football, we need to get new pro football players. So this is a great chance for us the last three games to get this thing turned around, get this terrible taste out of our mouths, and move forward. And that’s the only spin I can put on this, and not dwell on the negative things going around the Twitters and that stuff. We’re going to focus on the New York Giants and try to be positive and try to get these guys going and coach them the way we know how.”
On how tough it is to change the culture of the Redskins: 
“That’s a great question, and that’s something we’re working towards every day. We’re trying to establish a sense of pride and a work ethic amongst our players that can change the culture. Obviously, it’s not going to change overnight and it’s not going to change tomorrow. It’s going to be a process. Good drafts, good free agents, getting the players in here — the young players — taught well on how to study, how to learn, how to prepare, how to play, how to finish games. That’s a process, and that’s something we’re going through right now. Be consistent with our approach, be demanding, and try to get this thing flipped around.”
On whether or not he still believes he can turn this team around: 
“Obviously before the season started we had high hopes. We had some things happen to us, and now we are where we are. But I’m never going to lose confidence in what I’m doing and what we’re doing as a team and as a staff to try to get this thing back on track. You have to stick with the plan, be consistent in your approach like I said. But things happen in pro football, there’s going to be some rocky times. How we handle the rocky times is how we’re going to be able to get out faster. So you’ll see how these guys handle it today and tomorrow and the next day to find out the guys who want to be here, love football, want to play football. That’s part of it. We want to find the guys who want to play and want to prepare — not just when it’s 13-0, but when you’re 3-10. You find out a lot about people that you work with when things like this happen. So the big thing moving forward is to continue to add people that love to play, love the game, and are good players and good people.”
More from The Post:

TMC MPs attack on Siddharth Nath Singh draws OppositionireWritten by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:28 am
At a time when the Trinamool Congress is taking part in agitations outside Parliament against the derogatory remarks of Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti and demanding her resignation, party MP Kalyan Bandopadhyay made severe personal attacks against BJP national general secretary in charge of West Bengal Siddharth Nath Singh, who also happens to be the grandson of former PM Lal Bahadur Shastri.
On Saturday, at a public rally at Chaditolla in Hooghly, Bandopadhyay, who is also an eminent lawyer said during his speech: “There is one Siddharth Nath Shastri, no Singh, of BJP who is also the grandson of Lal Bahadur Shastri. My God, had Shastryji seen this man he would have said: Why did I get married? Had I not done that, a grandson like this would not have been born… where has he come from? Has he ever taken part in any agitation? Just he came here by riding piggyback on religion,’’ the Trinamool Congress MP from Sreerampur said.
Bandopadhyay’s remarks evoked widesperad criticism not only from the BJP but other opposition parties too. “By making personal attacks against me they can not absolve themselves of the crime they are committing, of looting the state, of committing atrocities against women and the weaker section of the society. What will they achieve by denigrating a former PM who commanded profound respect from the people of the country,’’ Singh told The Indian Express.
Pradesh Congress president and Berhampur MP Adhir Ranjan Choudhury also echoed these views: “It is not only as an educated man but as a people’s representative too that one should not use such language. Lal Bahadur Shastri was a great leader of India, a statesman, how can an MP use such derogatory words against such an illustrious son of the country,’’ Chaudhury said.
However, while Banerjee was not available for comments, Trinamool Congress leaders refused to make any remarks. “I have not heard what Kalyan said so I can not make any comment,’’ Subrata Mukherjee, minister for panchayats and rural development said. Party MP and national spokesperson Derek O’ Brien also said: “I did not see the remarks of Kalyan Banerjee so what comment can I make?’’

Systematic investment in equities augurs well for investorsSystematic investment in equities augurs well for investors
UPDATE 4-Thirteen killed in failed U.S. hostage rescue bid in YemenUPDATE 4-Thirteen killed in failed U.S. hostage rescue bid in Yemen
Invest and forget for 5 years . it has a record of doubling money in 5...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

This share is better than an fd in a bankCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dear visvaasp-i am expecting an announcement from the acp on issue of ...Gold Member
332 Followers
Dear visvaasp-I am expecting an announcement from the ACP on issue of its shares at a premium to private funds (authorized share capital increased from 12 to 15 crores and shareholders already approved in AGM) / grant of patent in a new country/ signing of joint development of its MMS patented technology with a new pharma company/ signing of joint development of its other patented technology.
In reply to : visvaasp message
5.21 AM Dec 8th

Sankhya is a dark horse. soon market will realise that its revenue is ...Gold Member
41 Followers
Sankhya is a dark horse. Soon market will realise that its revenue is from defence and aerospace; that too by 95% exports.Surely a multibagger.     3 comments
In reply to : shah_nv010171 message
5.04 AM Dec 8th

Gulf states join forces to combat jihadisGulf states launch joint command to counter Isis and Iran
Simeon Kerr in Manama
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea160466-7890-11e4-a33c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sony Pictures calls in FBI on film leakNovember 30, 2014 10:21 pm
Sony Pictures calls in FBI on film leak
Matthew Garrahan – New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af8b56b4-78d8-11e4-b518-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iran accused of Gulf state hack attacksIran hackers accused of attacking Gulf states’ computer systems
Sam Jones, Defence and Security Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/01159bca-7a4b-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Retail investors drive big China market swingRetail investors send Chinese markets on volatile run
Patrick McGee in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/351bbd04-7c59-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US defence nominee faces budget battleUS defence nominee faces budget battle
Geoff Dyer — Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a6533e2-7c79-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama makes Dec. 26 a holidayBy Joe Davidson December 5 Follow @JoeDavidsonWP
President Obama wowed Saint Nick with his dance moves Thursday night at the National Christmas Tree Lighting. (Associated Press)
President Obama, a.k.a. the boss-in-chief, decided to give federal employees a holiday present a little early.  He issued an executive order Friday giving them the day after Christmas off.
“All executive branch departments and agencies of the Federal Government shall be closed and their employees excused from duty on Friday, December 26, 2014, the day after Christmas Day,” the order says. Exceptions may be made “for reasons of national security, defense, or other public need.”
RELATED: How the Dec. 26 day off affects pay, leave and more for federal workers
There was no indication if Obama was swayed by an online White House petition urging him to make the day a holiday. The petition said:
“Federal Employees have dealt with pay freezes and furloughs over the past few years. Giving federal employees an extra holiday on Dec. 26th, 2014 would be a good gesture to improve morale of the federal workforce. Some bases are forcing their employees to take leave or LWOP because of base shut-downs on this day. This is also consistent with past practice. President Obama provided a full-day Monday Dec. 24, 2012 and a half-day off on Thursday, Dec. 24, 2009. President George W. Bush provided a half-day holiday on Wednesday, Dec. 24, 2002, as well as several full days off the day before or after Christmas: Tuesday, December 24, 2001, Thursday, December 26, 2003, Tuesday, December 24, 2007, and Thursday, December 26, 2008. We urge President Obama to issue an executive order.”
Happy holidays.
Joe Davidson writes the Federal Diary, a column about the federal workplace that celebrated its 80th birthday in November 2012.

Hostages killed in Yemen rescue attemptHostages killed in Yemen rescue attempt
Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be1d2ebe-7d6f-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hollande meets Putin in MoscowFrançois Hollande meets Vladimir Putin in Moscow
Kathrin Hille in Moscow and Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/49151cbe-7d72-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukraines rebel republicsUkraine’s rebel republics
Courtney Weaver
For all Russia’s influence in eastern Ukraine, a motley group of local leaders — from ex-businessmen to academics and pro-Russia activists — has sprung up and seized control. Courtney Weaver meets the self-declared rulers of Donetsk and Lugansk
To get a sense of what life is like these days in the self-declared Donetsk People’s Republic, roam the corridors of Donetsk National University on any given weekday. School is back in session.
It is an October afternoon, and dozens of the university’s students are in the halls, just as they would be at any other eastern European institution. Teachers and students mingle in the corridors of the main building, file in and out of classrooms, buy books and materials at the campus bookshop, and linger outside on the main steps for a cigarette break. Few pay attention to the occasional din of artillery fire in the background.
More
Women we watched – Serena Williams
The university, like most places in Donetsk, is stuck in a strange purgatory. At times it seems oddly normal; at others plucked from the pages of Orwell or Zamyatin. Since early September, the institution has been run by a lieutenant of the Donetsk People’s Republic, Sergei Baryshnikov, a rotund former history professor who has made quick work of scrubbing all Ukrainian history and culture courses from the curriculum.
The black-blue-and-red flag of the Donetsk People’s Republic hangs on a mast outside the building, while miniature DPR flags are scattered throughout inside. One sits on Baryshnikov’s desk, inside of which is an engraved eight-round Makarov pistol given to him by the DPR leadership. The rector is already lusting after an upgrade. “My dream is a Stechkin pistol with a cartridge for 20 bullets,” he says.
Baryshnikov left the university in 2012 after a 20-year career there. Officially, he resigned; unofficially, he was fired amid allegations of bribe taking. While this might have been the end of his career, a higher power intervened. When pro-Russia protests began in Donetsk in February, the ex-professor was one of a core group of pro-Russia activists who protested against the government in Kiev and advocated Russian military intervention.
Despite growing up in Donetsk, Baryshnikov says he always felt closer to Moscow than Kiev. He is fairly confident that his parents conceived him on what is now Russian territory when they were in Sverdlovskaya Oblast as graduate students. Several years ago he decided to make the relationship official and applied for Russian citizenship. After the activists seized several key regional administration buildings, Baryshnikov became a deputy on the Donetsk People’s Republic’s first governing council. Five months later, the new leadership of the DPR appointed him as rector at his former university.
Donetsk People’s Republic
Sergei Baryshnikov
The pro-Russia rector at Donetsk National University on his former university colleagues and political opponents:
‘When we annex the rest of Ukraine, we will find these people and we will put them on trial. If the courts say they should be shot, they will be shot.’
Like most historical and literary figures who have rocketed from a position of exile to one of great power, Baryshnikov’s first order of business has been instinctive: revenge. Together with the DPR’s new (and opaque) judiciary, Baryshnikov has put together criminal cases against 200 of his 3,000 former colleagues, the “ideological and political opponents” who pushed him out. Topping the list, somewhat unimaginatively, is his predecessor, the former rector.
“When he left he took university documents, and when he ran away he left in one of the university cars, an Audi. This is theft! He would have taken the TV too if he could have carried it to his car,” Baryshnikov says, pointing at the impressive flat screen on the wall. We are sitting in the ex-professor’s newly acquired, spacious office, where he’s already made himself quite at home. “When we annex the rest of Ukraine, we will find these people and we will put them on trial. If the courts say they should be shot, they will be shot.” He leans in closer. “You know we have the death penalty in the DPR . . . ”
Pavel Gubarev
The separatists’ initial ‘people’s governor’
In his previous life Gubarev, 31, was an ad executive and contracted out Santa Claus impersonators. he was arrested by Ukraine’s security service in March. When he was freed a month later, he had been sidelined by new leaders
The former rector, Roman Grinuk, dismisses Baryshnikov’s accusations. “Our university was seized by militants,” Grinuk says. “I left with one suitcase.”
. . .
Ever since Baryshnikov and pro-Russian activists seized control of two of eastern Ukraine’s biggest cities this spring, western security services and leaders have been trying to guess what Russia’s playbook is for the region. Half a year later, it is clear that Vladimir Putin has no intention of annexing it, as he did with Crimea. But it is also evident that Moscow has played a significant role in destabilising the area and helping the rebels cement their hold on power.
At the beginning of September, Nato alleged that there were 3,000 active Russian servicemen on the ground in Ukraine, while Kiev has put the number as high as 10,000. In early November, two months after Kiev and the rebels signed a ceasefire, Ukraine’s defence ministry alleged that a convoy of 32 Russian tanks and 30 trucks of Russian soldiers had crossed the border.
Denis Pushilin
‘People’s governor’ after Gubarev
A local businessman with a taste for cobalt-blue suits. A self-confessed former Ponzi schemer. pushed out Gubarev for the top spot
Moscow’s shadow in the region is everywhere. There are Russian political strategists embedded in the Donetsk and Lugansk separatist governments; Russian mercenaries and volunteers who have taken up arms to fight in the rebel battalions; and real Russian servicemen. There are signs of money coming from Moscow as well.
Yet for all of Russia’s influence, it is notable to what extent the motley local leaders have been left to their own devices. All across Donetsk and Lugansk, there are men and women like Baryshnikov who have sprung from the corners of society and seized control of civic institutions and government ministries, or formed their own personal armies. Under Moscow’s watch, the region is settling into a frozen conflict zone.
. . .
Alexander Borodai
Moscow political strategist
Took over from Pushilin as prime minister but stepped down in August; remains active as a DPR adviser
The city of Donetsk was founded in 1869 by a Welsh businessman named John Hughes, who helped build the city’s first steel plant. While in popular culture the city has maintained its image as a gritty mining town, over the years the downtown has actually become quite cosmopolitan. Donetsk was the beneficiary of a nearly $2bn makeover ahead of the Euro 2012 football championship. High-end hotels and restaurants abound.
During the height of the fighting this summer, the city of one million had the feel of a ghost town. Stores and restaurants were closed, the downtown was abandoned. But since the September ceasefire, it is surprising how many of the city’s residents have returned, in spite of the continued fighting. During the final warm days of autumn, couples and families paraded down the city’s leafy promenades, which a team of city workers has kept in immaculate horticultural condition. Children were out with their parents on the playground and restaurants with outdoor seating were packed.
Igor Girkin
Military leader
Nom de guerre ’Strelkov’; a Muscovite who recently claimed to be a colonel in Russia’s FSB intelligence service, with a penchant for historical re-enactment
Alexander Zakharchenko
Prime minister
Former head of the pro-Russia Oplot paramilitary group. Jug-eared and barrel-chested, still looks the part of the fighter. Has struggled to take on the deftness of a politician
Andrei Purgin
The DPR’s number-two official
Owns a few home-improvement stores in Donetsk but also spent years as head of a pro-Russia activist underground organisation
When a resounding boom from a distant explosion rang out, no one looked up from their pizza and sushi. And when a group of heavily armed camouflaged men — members of a rebel fighting battalion — sat down at a large table, no one paid them any mind either. Gunmen are all over the city but over the past few months have folded into the scenery of daily life. The rebels are regulars at the city’s nicest hotel bars and at a tacky Havana-themed establishment called BaNaNa, which features pictures of Che Guevara and other Cuba kitsch on the walls. On weekends, the gunmen stroll around the city’s downtown on dates.
While the scenes can be absurd, the reality is certainly not. More than 4,000 people have died in the Donetsk and Lugansk regions since the fighting began. Human Rights Watch alleges that both the rebels and the Ukrainian army have used Grad (unguided) rockets and other questionable weapons on civilian areas, while on the rebel side there have been numerous reports of human rights violations. When the Ukrainian army recaptured the rebel-controlled city of Slavyansk in July, they found a mass grave containing 14 bodies. On Ukrainian Independence Day this summer, the rebels paraded prisoners of war through downtown Donetsk. On another occasion a pro-Ukrainian civilian was captured, bound and put in the middle of a Donetsk intersection so that passersby could kick and hit her. Almost all supporters of the Kiev government in the region have fled or gone silent.
Baryshnikov is part of a tight-knit group of local Russian activists who have been supporters of the pro-Russian cause in Donetsk ever since 1994, the year the Ukrainian government held an informal poll across eastern Ukraine asking residents if they wanted greater autonomy and if they wanted Russian to be considered an official state language. Respondents in Donetsk said yes to both but the results were ignored by the Ukrainian government at the time and each subsequent regime in Kiev since, Baryshnikov insists. “Basically, Kiev has been pretending for 20-plus years that these problems Donetsk has with Kiev don’t exist,” he says.
At Donetsk pro-Russia rallies, Baryshnikov says he played the “requisite intellectual”, leaving the politics to his associates. One such person was Pavel Gubarev, 31, the separatists’ initial “people’s governor” who, in his previous life, worked as an advertising executive and ran a company contracting out Santa Claus impersonators. Gubarev was arrested by Ukraine’s security service in March shortly after he became head of the pro-Russia movement. By the time he was freed in a prisoner swap one month later, he had been sidelined by new leaders and has remained on the fringes ever since.
On the morning I was supposed to meet Gubarev in October, Gubarev’s people suddenly announced that he had been hospitalised following a near-fatal car crash. They suspected foul play. The day before the crash, Gubarev had written on Twitter that he was preparing to make an “important announcement”. When I first talked to Baryshnikov about it, he was sure the crash had been the result of the brewing political tensions between the various separatist leaders. But a few days later he had changed his mind. There were lots of separatist checkpoints, some manned and some deserted, on the road that Gubarev was driving on, Baryshnikov said. Probably Gubarev’s driver had just been driving too fast and crashed into one of them.
Baryshnikov’s initial conviction that rival separatist forces may have been after Gubarev does not seem far off. In the eight months of the Donetsk People’s Republic’s existence, there have been so many power struggles and purges within the leadership, you would need a seriously detailed chart to keep track of all the wildly changing allegiances and rotating cast of characters.
On the military side, there has been Igor Girkin, nom de guerre Strelkov, a Muscovite who recently claimed to be a colonel in Russia’s FSB intelligence service, with a penchant for historical re-enactment; Igor “the demon” Bezler, a one-time Ukrainian cemetery attendant and another alleged Russian security agent, according to Kiev; and Givi, an Abkhazian-born former rope factory worker who is managing the rebels’ current defence of the Donetsk airport.
Gunmen are all over the city and have folded into the scenery of daily life. The rebels are regulars at the city’s nicest hotel bars.
On the political side, Gubarev was pushed out by a local businessman named Denis Pushilin, a self-confessed former Ponzi schemer with a penchant for cobalt blue suits, who in turn was pushed out by Alexander Borodai, a Moscow political strategist with close links to the Orthodox and Kremlin-friendly oligarch Konstantin Malofeev. In August, Borodai announced he was returning to Moscow and that Alexander Zakharchenko, the head of a separatist military battalion called Oplot, would be taking over as the Donetsk People’s Republic’s prime minister.
The various names may blur together. But the players fall roughly into three categories: the long-time local Russia activists who have been with the cause since the very beginning; the opportunists who have seized the moment for money and fame; and the Moscow-approved figures who are trying to keep a handle on the local players.
One of the few old-timers to survive all the purges is Andrei Purgin, the Donetsk People’s Republic’s number-two official. A little man with a generous stomach and a Lenin-like beard, Purgin owns a few home-improvement stores in the Donetsk area but also spent years as the head of a pro-Russia activist group called the Donetsk Republic, an underground fringe organisation that existed in the confines of social networking sites.
In depth

Ukraines solvency under renewed threatUkraine fears heighten on fragile ceasefire
Elaine Moore in London and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/81b7f5c0-70af-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How to be a better communicator at the workplaceHow to Be a Better Communicator in the Workplace
By Hannah Morgan | U.S.News & World Report LP –  Wed 3 Sep, 2014 6:30 PM IST
Print
>
Whether you are an aspiring leader or in a support role, developing your communication skills can impact your success. First, let's take a look at the complexities of communication. It's more than the words you use. It's how and when you choose to share information. It's your body language and the tone and quality of your voice.
These are things you should consider as you strive to improve your interactions with others:
Know the outcome. Before you begin planning what you will say in an upcoming meeting, consider what you want the outcome of your communication to be. What actions do you want others to take? How will you move people? That's the term used in Daniel Pink's "To Sell Is Human: The Surprising Truth About Moving Others." Pink contends that we are all in sales today. "Whether we're employees pitching colleagues on a new idea, entrepreneurs enticing funders to invest or parents and teachers cajoling children to study, we spend our days trying to move others."
Build a reputation. In the workplace, other people's perceptions of you don't form based on a single encounter. But never forget how valuable a good first impression is! In order to gain respect and be seen as a trusted authority, eager team member or dedicated employee, you will need to build your reputation over time. Every interaction -- from how you greet your co-workers in the morning to how you summarize a status update in an email -- contributes to how people view you.
Avoid flaunting power and intellect. Compelling communicators don't strong-arm people into paying attention or dazzle listeners by showing off how much they know. Leave your ego at the door when speaking to people. Establish an even playing field, and place yourself at the same level with your listeners. Avoid a condescending tone of voice and terminology your audience will not immediately understand. While you may be the smartest, most knowledgeable person on a particular topic, wait for the invitation to share your expertise.
Be confident. A wimpy response isn't going to gain the recognition or support you desire. Confidence is queen when it comes to effective communication. Use strong action verbs, avoid filler words, such as "um"' or "'ah," look people in the eye and sit or stand up straight when called on to speak.
Show awareness of others. Shoving your great ideas or accomplishments down throats of listeners isn't going to work. Building relationships is part of the communication process and is key to your success in conveying your message. When you deeply understand how your audience thinks and feels and what is important to them, you can use that information to craft a message that will resonate with your listeners. Your message should imply concern for others. As the saying goes, "walk a mile in their shoes" to understand what's important to the people you are communicating with.
Consider timing. There is a time and a place for everything. When you are aware of the events or emotional state of those you are communicating with, you can improve the timing of your message. Appropriate timing means you have taken the person and occasion into consideration and know when to share your message.
Master the art of listening. The most adept communicators are experts at listening and reading between the lines. Mastering the art of listening isn't easy. You will most likely feel tempted to share your own insights, opinions or assumptions while listening to someone. Avoid commentary or interjecting. Instead, ask open ended follow-up questions. This provides evidence that you are hearing and listening to the person. It shows your respect for the person speaking and for the information they are sharing. Practicing good listening skills will help you gain the respect of those you encounter.
Earn respect and trust. Earning respect and trust from your colleagues, managers and customers doesn't happen automatically. Your title and role don't give you any special privileges. If you work hard to exceed expectations and deliver with integrity, you are on your way to establishing the right to be trusted. Consistently repeat these steps to earn the right to be heard.
All these things probably sound familiar. You've read them before. What you really want is concrete help in improving your communication. There are thousands of books on the topic of communication. These self-help books can arm you with more insight and tools to improve your understanding of the intricacies of communication, but there is nothing as powerful as practicing what you learn.
Here's how to develop your communication skills:
Learn from mentors. Enlist help from managers or leaders you respect. These mentors can provide constructive feedback and real-time coaching.
Watch TED Talks. Learn how to present by watching innovative thinkers featured in TED Talks. In 18 minutes or less, these videos capture presentations of great communicators. Since 2006, TED has been hosting conferences and events centered around science, technology, business, culture, art and design to share -- as TED puts it -- "Ideas Worth Spreading."
Join Toastmasters International. Join a Toastmasters club, and build your skills in a "learn-by-doing" meeting. Toastmasters International has been around 90 years helping members improve their communication, public speaking and leadership skills.
Attend a Dale Carnegie program. Go to one of Dale Carnegie's well-known leadership development programs, which are based on his legendary book, "How to Win Friends & Influence People." According to the Dale Carnegie Training website, these programs teach you how to: "strengthen interpersonal relationships, manage stress and handle fast-changing workplace conditions." The description continues: "You'll develop more effective communication skills and be better equipped to perform as a persuasive communicator, problem-solver and focused leader. And you'll develop a take-charge attitude initiated with confidence and enthusiasm."
Hannah Morgan writes and speaks on career topics and job search trends on her blog Career Sherpa . She co-authored "Social Networking for Business Success," and has developed and delivered programs to help job seekers understand how to look for work better.
More From US News & World Report

ripe for a tech start-up take-off© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3617608e-5092-11e4-8645-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What investors should make of the US midtermsNovember 28, 2014 3:46 pm
What investors should make of the US midterms
Ken Fisher
America is becoming more conservative, which could have big implications
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a9243c9e-7574-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cassidy wins Louisiana senate raceRepublican Cassidy trounces Landrieu in Louisiana senate race
Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ffce670-7dc0-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ageing Europe needs new bloodAgeing Europe needs the new blood immigration brings
Tony Barber in London
Population forecasts show why migration is an economic necessity
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1643680e-7bab-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

People smugglers arrested across EuropeEritreans arrested for people smuggling
James Politi in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1105359e-7b32-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Beware the digilantesBeware the digilantes
Robert Shrimsley
‘Twitter is routinely ablaze with efforts to ban one person or sack another… but an apology is never enough’
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6ca2f640-7b3f-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

It looks like a duck  but its a secular bearIt looks like a duck, quacks like a duck, but it’s a secular bear
John Authers
The S&P 500 is at an all-time high. If this is not a bull market, what is?
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eb0cd144-7c9e-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bankruptcy beyond bordersDecember 4, 2014 3:40 am
Bankruptcy beyond borders
Yasmin Lambert
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/687077e2-6a72-11e4-bfb4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thanks for better beerA grateful nation gives thanks for better beer
Gary Silverman
These beverage Davids are taking on the Goliaths of their industry and winning
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/15ce54ca-7628-11e4-9761-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Merkel accuses Putin of creating problemsMerkel accuses Putin of ‘creating problems’
Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2dde9ac4-7e30-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How investors use trigger mechanism to book profits  manage MF betsAxis Mutual Fund
(Many investors are betting…)
MUMBAI: First-time investors in equity mutual funds as well as those who do not have time to monitor investments regularly are using the so called trigger mechanism to manage their money. Triggers allow investors who are not sure when to book profits to exit their investments at a pre-determined level. With stock market at record highs, this system is gaining popularity among new investors.
"Many new investors are using triggers as a tool in this current rally to ensure they book actual profits and not merely mark-to-market (MTM) gains," said Anup Bhaiya, director, Money Honey Financial Services, a Mumbai-based distributor. According to distributors, many investors are betting on the Nifty touching 10000 and have set up these triggers to exit and shift to debt mutual funds when that target is hit.
While some investors are using triggers in existing mutual fund schemes, others are comfortable subscribing to NFOs which trigger an exit when their target is reached. Last year, Union KBC launched a close-ended fund which booked profits when it made 30 per cent gains. Currently, Baroda Pioneer Mutual Fund's Trigger Fund NFO is open for subscription. This fund will book profits and wind up the scheme if its NAV will move up by 50 per cent or at the end of 3 years, whichever is earlier.
"Triggers help create a mechanism to monetise gains, which investors may otherwise miss out on. It gives investors financial freedom to take a call to continue with the fund or not," said Kiran Deshpande, COO and CFO, Baroda Pioneer Mutual Fund.
Triggers help investors maintain a disciplined investment approach that ensures investment goals are met. In addition to these, there are a host of trigger facilities which various mutual funds offer. Axis, Edelweiss, SBI, UTI, Quantum all offer a combination of time-, value- or event-based triggers to investors.
"New investors and people who don't have the time to monitor their investments are using triggers. Predetermined triggers help investors take action on their investments," said Vikaas Sachdeva, MD and CEO, Edelweiss Mutual Fund. For example, Edelweiss Mutual Fund has a capital appreciation-based trigger facility where investors can switch their gains.
 
Investors can switch a pre-determined percentage of capital appreciation in an equity fund to an arbitrage fund, liquid fund or a debt fund. They can select 5 per cent, 10 per cent, 25 per cent, 50 per cent, 75 per cent or 100 per cent as the percentage of capital appreciation, which needs to be switched. Alternatively, investors can switch in money on dips into an equity mutual fund scheme. For this, the fund has a pre-paid SIP Facility through an Auto Debit Mandate.
This will enable investors to invest a pre-determined amount whenever there is a fall in CNX Nifty Index /CNX Midcap Index level by a certain percentage. The investor can select 0.50 per cent, 1 per cent or 2 per cent as the percentage of fall in the index level.
Axis Mutual Fund has a facility where investors can set up a trigger on the Nifty or as and when the scheme appreciates or depreciates by a particular percentage. Investors waiting for a correction have set up triggers to enter if the Nifty falls to 8000. Financial planners recommend that many investors set up goal-based triggers. For example, an investor who needs Rs 7.5 lakh for meeting the expenses of his child's higher education after 5 years and invests Rs 5 lakh in an equity scheme for this, can set up a trigger to shift to debt once his equity corpus crosses Rs 7.5 lakh. This helps as the dream of your child's higher education will be met even if the market were to crash subsequently.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Taxi cos to review process to win ridersYou are here: Home > Collections
Taxi companies to review process to win riders, influence authorities
Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 04.37AM IST
Tags:
Anand Subramanian
(Olacabs said that it ensures…)
BENGALURU: Rattled by the alleged rape of a passenger by a driver registered with taxi hailing app Uber on December 5, taxi companies are scrambling to review the process by which they sign up drivers, as concerns mount on the safety of these networks.
As customers demand to know how safe it is to hail a ride from taxi operators like Meru and Mega Cabs as well as aggregators like Uber, Ola and TaxiForSure, these companies are scrambling to amend processes and make quality checks more stringent.
"When I chose Uber as a service, I put my trust in the brand and not the driver," said a Delhi-based passenger who uses the service. "I select the company to ensure that the driver quality is up to the mark, otherwise it would just be like hailing a ride from a stranger."
Olacabs, India's fastest-growing taxi aggregator, said that it ensures that every driver using the company's software passes a stringent compliance check, with every ride tracked and all records maintained.
"We also have a 24/7 call centre that customers can reach out to," said Anand Subramanian, director for marketing communications at Olacabs.
Ola, founded in January 2011 by IIT Bombay alumni Bhavish Aggarwal and Ankit Bhati, recently raised a round of $210 million led by Japan's SoftBank Corp, and is being valued at $650 million by existing investors.
Last week, Uber raised funding of $1.2 billion, which the company said it would invest primarily for expansion in Asia. It is now valued at $40 billion, more than twice the previous round of $1.2 billion six months ago. India is Uber's largest market outside US.
Backed by deep-pocketed investors, taxi companies have unleashed a no-holds barred war in India's taxi services market estimated to be worth up to $9 billion (Rs 55,700 crore), of which only 4-6 per cent is organised.
Industry members are calling for greater regulatory oversight of aggregators which do not operate under the government licensed format. Many like Uber and Ola do not directly employ drivers but only provide technology to link them with customers. "We will take this up with the government," said Kunal Lalani, president, Association of Radio Taxis and managing director of Mega Cabs. "This incident has prompted all the cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its employees and drivers prior to employing them."
Every venture-backed company from Ola to TaxiForSure has aggressively been cutting prices to as low as Rs 7.5 per km to attract new customers. At the same time, all these companies are increasingly adding new drivers to their fleet to ensure supply.
 
Radio taxi operators, which have a different model where they operate their own fleet of cars and employ the drivers, said they have stringent checks in place.
Siddhartha Pahwa, chief executive of Meru, said that he personally looks into any complaints made by women passengers, and that each driver applicant has to undergo a special course to deal with women passengers before they get on board. "Misbehaviour with women passengers is a highest offence where a driver is terminated immediately and blacklisted from the system," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Renewable energy cos on fundraising spreeaccelerated depreciation
(Another IPO aspirant is Sumant Sinha,…)
NEW DELHI: India's renewable energy companies are gearing up for big-ticket fundraising with IPOs, debt and investment foreign inflows to match the gigantic requirement of the government's unprecedented enthusiasm to generate clean power.
Sector specialists say wind energy firms are planning to raise Rs 5,000-6,000 crore while the government-owned financing entity for clean energy projects, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency (IREDA), is also looking to raise nearly Rs 3,000 crore through an IPO.
With the renewable energy, coal and power minister Piyush Goyal emphatically declaring that commercial viability, not subsidies will propel the sector to add 10,000 Mw of wind energy a year and 100,000 Mw of solar power, companies in the sector that has so far been propped up with subsidies and tax breaks are preparing to take the plunge.
"Project sizes have grown but our net worth is very small at only Rs 2,200 crore. To compete better, we would like to have net worth of Rs 5,000 crore by the end of next two years. So we will see if we can borrow funds from the market and do an initial public offer," IREDA's chairman and managing director KS Popli told ET.
According to government officials, IREDA is actively considering an IPO in the next 18-24 months.
Another IPO aspirant is Sumant Sinha, founder and CEO of ReNew Power, in which Goldman Sachs invested Rs 1,000 crore a year ago. He sees the wind energy's equity requirement of $2 billion (about Rs 12,400 crore) out of the $10 billion needed for the 10,000 Mw to be added each year. It would also need $7 billion in debt, he told ET.
After the government reinstated tax breaks like accelerated depreciation (AD) and generation based incentives (GBI) this year, which were suspended in 2012, manufacturers of wind mill equipment as well as power generation companies are looking to expand and add capacity aggressively.
According to market intelligence firm Mercom Capital, if India maintains wind average installation levels of 3 GW over the next 2-5 years, the wind developers will be expected to raise about USD 3 billion a year. On the manufacturing side it is less clear and is not entirely dependent on the Indian market demand.
Experts said bigger generation and the exit of PE investors would also be a factor in fundraising. "As wind companies reach gigawatt scale, we are likely to witness fivesix IPOs in both domestic and alternate markets over next five years. PE exits sooner or later will also be a cause for this," said Anish De, partner (infrastructure and government Services) at global consulting firm KPMG. De added that wind energy companies were likely to raise Rs 1,000 crore through fresh issuance of shares.
INOX Wind, a wind energy equipment manufacturing company, plans to raise Rs 700 crore through an IPO in the first quarter of next fiscal to expand capacity. The second piece of the IPO will entail Gujarat Fluorochemicals, a listed entity, which owns 75% of INOX Wind, tendering up to two crore shares in order to comply with regulations.
Wind turbine manufacturer Re-Gen Powertech hasn't ruled out the possibility of an IPO over the span of a year. "We have to provide exit to PE investors, so an IPO is definitely not ruled out," said Madhusudan Khemka, managing director of Regen Powertech, which has installed over 2,000 Mw of wind farms over the past seven years.
Khemka said that in the run-up to achieving the target of installing 10,000 wind megawatts a year, India will see installations increasing by 1,000 Mw every consecutive year.
Currently, India has over 21,000 Mw of installed wind capacity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rams Coach Jeff Fisher taunts Redskins over RGIII trade during pre-game coin flipBy Dan Steinberg December 7 Follow @dcsportsbog
(Vine)
Rams Coach Jeff Fisher was fairly gracious when asked about the 2012 trade with the Redskins last week.
“At the time, it was a good decision for them, and it was a good decision for us,” Fisher told D.C. reporters . “So, both sides were happy.”
The coach also went out of his way to praise Robert Griffin III, insisting the third-year quarterback has just scratched the surface of his career .
But Fisher also talked repeatedly about the bounty of players the Rams acquired as a result of the trade, saying the club was “able to shape our roster way beyond just the actual picks that we got from them.”
And to drive home that point, Fisher sent six of those players out for Sunday’s pre-game coin flip.
Fisher w/a little sense of humor. He sent Jenkins, Brockers, Stacy, Bailey, Robinson, Ogletree out for pregame coin toss at FedEx.
— Jim Thomas (@jthom1) December 7, 2014
What's the meaning of all that? All six were acquired as result of the RGIII trade.
— Jim Thomas (@jthom1) December 7, 2014
BTW, today's Rams coin toss captains were the six active roster players the team acquired using picks from the 2012 RG3 trade.
— Nick Wagoner (@nwagoner) December 7, 2014
The Redskins helpfully included footage of the coin flip on social media; you can see Alex Ogletree (52), Michael Brockers (90), Janoris Jenkins (21), Stedman Baily (12), Greg Robinson (79) and Zac Stacy (30) shaking hands with the Washington captains before the game.
The networks, of course, weren’t shy about discussing that trade, either.
Clip n' save. pic.twitter.com/OUoep9l4jw
— Steve Czaban (@czabe) December 7, 2014
https://twitter.com/NFLonFOX/status/541668233317580800/photo/1

Quality of management not goodCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

This is in deep financial messCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yea bro..after some thinking came across my mind that every movie need...Gold Member
27 Followers
Tanla`s Market capital is 160 Crores, where as Infosys Market Capital is 2,37,699 Crores.. so if there is any deal that is worth almost the market capital of Infosys, I am sure even Infosys will inform about it... common sense.

Means u do not even own a single share of tanla..if u had then would h...Platinum Member
346 Followers
I remember you are in TM and have you got messages then and there when TM signs new orders?Here i was attracted on comments from Jay indicating tanls is the best ETHICs just for misguiding innocent ones.jay is my good friend
In reply to : ashuragini message
8.03 AM Dec 8th

Sadhvi Jyoti was married but forsaken‘Sadhvi Jyoti was married but forsaken’
Mail Today –  Sat 6 Dec, 2014
Print
Few people know that Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, Minister of State for Food Processing Industries, married when she was only a child. Later, her husband deserted her for some reasons.
This prompted her to lead an ascetic’s life and join Swami Achyutanand’s ashram in Hamirpur, her home district.
Sadhvi, who is in the eye of the storm for her recent venomous speech in Delhi in which she had called upon the voters to decide between the sons of Ram and the illegitimates, has never talked about her married life. But her voters in Fatehpur believe that she was always single and joined the world of spirituality as a child.
Former Samajwadi Party MP Rakesh Sachan who lost to Niranjan Jyoti in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, said that he has collected details about her on the direction of his party’s central leaders.
He said: “We have collected details about her from Hamirpur, Fatehpur and Kanpur and will expose her. I have forwarded these to my seniors.” He added: “She has always tried to hide her personal life. But the truth is that she was married to one Munshiram of Akbar ka Birbal village in rural Kanpur.” However, an aide of the sadhvi said: “It is believed that a person is reborn after taking diksha — religious training and renunciation of the material world. Whatever happened to her before she became a sadhvi cannot be made an issue in Hindu religion.”
Munshiram told a section of the press that they couldn’t lead a married life because she had religious inclinations.
He said: “ he was too much into spirituality. So, I got married again. We have not met for the last three decades. But my villagers keep updating me about her. I don’t see any fault in her except that she is making inflammatory speeches. ” However, there was a time when he had accused her of adultery. As per her affidavit filed during the 2014 general polls, there are cases of adultery.
Recommend

Few mergers and acquisitions seen for small  mid-size steel  iron firmsFew mergers and acquisitions seen for small  mid-size steel  iron firms
Typhoon Hagupit hits coastal communities in eastern PhilippinesTyphoon Hagupit hits coastal communities in eastern Philippines
Uber driver held for rape | View: Why Uber must shed its Silicon Valley swaggerUber drives itself into possible legal trouble and scrutiny as its driver held for rape in Delhi
ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 03.06AM IST
Tags:
Cab
(Shiv Kumar Yadav was taken…)
NEW DELHI: Taxi-hailing company Uber has driven itself into possible legal trouble and regulatory scrutiny after one of its drivers in New Delhi was arrested for allegedly raping a female customer, evoking comparisons with the December 2012 Nirbhaya rape case that shamed India before the world.
As San Francisco-based Uber scrambled to protest its innocence amid allegations that its quest for speedy growth had led it to compromise with rigour in its driver verification processes, Delhi Police officials said on Sunday they planned to press charges of criminal negligence against the company, potentially exposing its officials in India to the prospect of arrest.
Police have issued a notice to Uber to join the investigation, a process which law enforcement officials said will see its executives being questioned on why no proper records of the driver were maintained and why his police verification was not done. The driver, 32-yearold Shiv Kumar Yadav, a father of three who is accused of assaulting and raping the 26-year-old passenger, an employee in a MNC in Gurgaon, after threatening her with an iron rod and reminding her of Nirbhaya's fate while ferrying her home in the early hours of Saturday, was arrested from his home town Mathura in UP on Sunday evening and was due to be produced in a Delhi court.
Police had no clue about Uber
The prompt arrest could save the government and the Delhi Police, severely bruised by the Nirbhaya rape episode, criticism in Parliament when it opens for business on Monday morning.
But on Sunday evening there was no such comfort for Uber. The episode has left the company, whose actions and language have in recent weeks earned it the ire of many around the world including a sharp rebuke from the Reserve Bank of India, facing its biggest crisis so far besides putting an unflattering spotlight on itself and the entire mobile app-based taxi-hailing industry in the country and raising questions about laxities in their business practices.
The incident, which sparked outrage against Uber on social media, is also forcing regulators and rivals to evaluate the systems in an industry where fierce competition in recent months has seen taxi companies — cab operators and aggregators — aggressively woo customers with price cuts and drivers with incentives. This has led to a no-holds-barred battle where the biggest casualty has been stringent processes required in a consumer-facing business.
While top officials of Uber, one of the world's hottest startups that is estimated to be worth about $40 billion in its most recent round of funding, were unavailable for interviews, the company said in a series of blog posts that it will work with the police in the investigation of what it said was an "abhorrent crime". Uber also defended its driver vetting processes, saying it only partners with registered for-hire drivers who had undergone the commercial licensing process, hold governmentissued IDs, state-issued permits, and carry full commercial insurance.
"Uber also has a GPS trace and record of all trips that occur on the platform — information that has been shared with the authorities. We will continue to cooperate fully with law enforcement officials in their investigation to bring this crime to justice," it said, adding that as soon as it was notified of the incident, its team immediately provided the local authorities with all relevant information about the driver, his vehicle and the trip.
Uber, which has approximately 10,000 drivers registered on its platform in India, puts the onus of verification of drivers on the government licensing authority. But Delhi Police officials, who initially had no clue about the company or its operations and had to download the app, hail a cab and ask the driver to take them to Uber's offices in Gurgaon, were unimpressed by the company's explanation.
As were officials in the home ministry, who said they had no clue about the company, highlighting the regulatory grey zone under which Uber operated. Taxi service aggregators such as Uber, Ola and TaxiForSure do not directly employ drivers and only provide the technology to link them with customers through their applications.
"It is a concern how Uber was offering cab services in Delhi without even basic police verification of drivers. There is no scope for such negligence, especially after the Nirbhaya gangrape incident had brought the focus firmly on safe public transport for women in the Capital. A serious view is being taken," a senior home ministry official told ET. The home ministry brass has asked the Delhi Police to submit a comprehensive report of the incident as well as Uber's nature of operations in the Capital, a senior ministry official said.

Govt may revise power contracts to cut tariffsGovernment may revise deal between generation and distribution firms to cut electricity tariffs
By Sarita Singh , ET Bureau | 8 Dec, 2014, 06.50AM IST
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Centre is likely to revise power contracts between generation and distribution firms to lower electricity tariffs from plants that will run on coal from captive blocks. The coal ministry is meanwhile expected to approach the Union Cabinet this week for finalising the methodology for fixing the minimum floor and reserve prices for coal blocks, a senior government official said.
The government is likely to empower the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission , to open the legally binding power purchase agreements (PPAs) to revise the fuel cost when a firm gets a coal block under the new method of allotment, the official said. However, the government is not likely to allow any hike in the tariffs quoted in the contracts.
"The government is exploring ways to pass on benefits of low coal cost to consumers. The government can revise the tariffs downwards under the change of law provision in the PPAs," the official said. Private power firms said the cut in tariffs will have to be carefully examined and its feasibility will vary case by case. After the allocation of coal blocks, the government is likely to review power contracts signed on the basis of tariff-based competitive bidding.
Coal Min Valuing Blocks
The government will ensure there is no escalation in power tariffs agreed to in the earlier contracts, including those that allow fuel cost pass-through, the official said. The government is also likely to fix a minimum floor price of Rs 100 per tonne for every coal block to be auctioned to steel, cement and captive power plants, while there will be an equivalent flat price for all blocks awarded to power and government companies.
Coal miners are also likely to be allowed to sell a fifth of electricity from attached plants in the open market, the government official said. However, power companies will have to pay a minimum of Rs 150 per tonne of coal used in generating the electricity for open market. The coal ministry is valuing each block to be auctioned to steel and cement sectors.
The value will be spread over the expected lifetime of the mine to derive it in terms of rupees per tonne. The ministry is likely to fix 10% of that value as the minimum floor price for auction to cement and steel companies. "The floor price for any block cannot be less than Rs 100 per tonne, while power and public sector enterprises are expected to be asked to pay a flat Rs 100 per tonne as reserve price.
Floor and reserve prices can escalate each year as per a pre-determined inflationlinked formula," the official said. The government is likely to use the reverse auction method to award captive coal blocks to private power producers in cases where tariffs cannot be changed. These companies include those that have power purchase agreements with utilities and entities that set up power plants through tariff-based bidding. In reverse auctions, the authority sets a ceiling price and bidders have to bid lower than that.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

India needs to step up to have any chance of winning the Champions TrophyIndia needs to step up to have any chance of winning the Champions Trophy
Maruti defers seeking shareholders  nod for Gujarat plantMaruti defers seeking shareholders  nod for Gujarat plant
James Franco pokes fun at Sony computer hacking scandal on SNLJames Franco pokes fun at Sony computer hacking scandal on SNL
Oil giants seek space in crude vaultOil giants seek space in crude vault
Haslett disappointed in FletcherBy Mike Jones December 7 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Redskins defensive coordinator Jim Haslett. (Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post)
When he got word after the game about the harsh criticism that his former defensive captain had for him during a television appearance, Redskins defensive coordinator Jim Haslett had little reaction other than shock.
For four seasons, Haslett had counted linebacker London Fletcher as his most trusted player, and an extension of himself on the field. Whenever asked about the linebacker, Haslett would gush about his smarts, his leadership and his toughness. Even last season, when Fletcher’s physical skills had deteriorated and his impact was minimal, Haslett had defended his linebacker, and refused to bench him for players that could have been more effective.
So, when Haslett got back to the locker room and heard that Fletcher had described him as clueless and questioned why he still had a job, Haslett struggled to understand the reason behind the comments.
Haslett briefly addressed reporters, saying, “I just heard what London said and all I’ll say is I’m disappointed in his reaction. Obviously, he has an opinion, but I’m disappointed that he would come out and say something like. But, every man has an opinion, and he obviously stated his.”
Asked if the two had ever had conflicts, or a falling out of some kind, Haslett said, “London and I have never had an issue.”
Fletcher made his comments on CBS Sports Network’s That Other Pregame Show, prior to Washington’s game against the St. Louis Rams.
“Why does Jim Haslett still have his job as a defensive coordinator after five years now of just ineptitude at the defensive coordinator position?” Fletcher said. “He’s clueless as a defensive coordinator. He lacks attention to detail. He lacks feel on how to call a game. Some of the calls he used to call when I was playing were head-scratching. They were so bad, I used to change them, like, ‘We’re not running that.’ And we’d get off the field and he would ask, ‘Why did you change the call.’ (I would say), ‘Because that’s just a dumb call. That’s why I changed it.’”
Fletcher went on to say that Haslett “would take the ’85 Bears and turn them into a mediocre defense. He is clueless. He has no idea what he is doing. Believe me, I had a front row seat for four years.”
Fletcher’s former teammates expressed shock when informed of his comments.
“That’s surprising to me,” Fletcher’s former sidekick Perry Riley Jr. said. “I thought they had a good relationship, but you never know. … Fletch had so much power on this team, maybe they had some private conversations I wasn’t a part of.”
Defensive linemen Jarvis Jenkins and Stephen Bowen echoed Riley’s sentiments.
“Why would Fletch say that?” Jenkins asked incredulously.
Linebacker Ryan Kerrigan said, “That’s disappointing to hear that. As a guy who played with London for three years here, I have a great deal of respect for him, and obviously, have a lot of respect and affection for Coach Haz. That’s disappointing.”
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered Tuesday in the  Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Japan third-quarter GDP revised down to annualized 1.9 percent contractionJapan third-quarter GDP revised down to annualized 1.9 percent contraction
Telangana all set to flaunt quick-approvalAndhra Pradesh
(The move from the country's…)
HYDERABAD: A week after unveiling its industrial policy incorporating right to clearances within a fortnight, claimed to be the world's first, Telangana is now preparing to showcase its quick-approval mechanism by clearing two large foreign investment proposals.
The world's largest furniture retail chain, IKEA, and beverages giant Coca-Cola are set to get quick approvals for their projects. While IKEA chose Hyderabad for its first India store with a proposed investment of $100 million (about Rs 620 crore), Coca-Cola has evinced interest in setting up a Rs 1,000-crore facility near the state capital.
The move from the country's newest state assumes significance in the backdrop of the proposed Hyderabad visit of IKEA's India chief executive, Juvencio Maeztu, sometime this fortnight.
"The Telangana Rashtra Samithi government, which spent months to incorporate the best elements of available industrial policies the world over, is determined to demonstrate its intent on cutting red tape and luring large-scale industrial investments," industries secretary K Pradeep Chandra told ET.
"Towards this, the entire government machinery related to supporting the industrial investments is now being geared up to keep all the systems in place to accord quick approvals, through a single application by the prospective investors," the industries secretary said.
A number of large prospective investors, both domestic and global, are awaiting clarity on the sector and location-specific incentives that the Centre had promised to provide to Telangana under the Andhra Pradesh State Reorganisation Act, he said
Some of the companies, which already have operations in and around Hyderabad, have announced expansions involving at least Rs 10,000 crore of total investments after the state was born on June 2. These include the Tata group that announced a few aerospace investments, Tata Consultancy Services, Microsoft and Cognizant which are setting up new campuses, ITC and Dura Line. Several pharmaceutical firms have evinced interest in setting up units in the newly-proposed mega pharmaceutical city, coming up over 11,000 acres near Hyderabad where the government is eyeing a potential of Rs 30,000 crore investment over the next few years. "Demonstration of quicker and hassle-free approvals in the shortest span without red tape by the Telangana government should automatically help the investors, both domestic and multinational, volunteering to spread the word and acting as ambassadors," said Pradeep Chandra.
Appreciating the efforts of the government in putting elements in place for fast clearances, Confederation of Indian Industry's state chapter chairperson Vanitha Datla said: "It should really help the government in attracting more investments. Self-certification by prospective investors and minimum inspections by government officials are some of the positive features of the new industrial policy, which should help the industry to stick to project implementation schedules."
 
However, Telangana Industrialists' Forum president K Sudheer Reddy views that there were many aspects that the government should have paid attention to for not just attracting fresh investments but also helping existing industries, some of which are on the verge of turning sick. "Uninterrupted power supply is a major ingredient to attract investments and unfortunately we don't have adequate power supplies for the industry at present. The government should address this at the earliest through effective medium- to long-term plans.
Meanwhile, the industry should be encouraged with tax incentives to go for captive power generation units." While welcoming the incentives and tax reimbursements proposed by the state government, Reddy said: "The government should look into doing away with reimbursement mechanism which makes the industry to invest first and claim reimbursement later, leading to not just blocking the precious working capital during the initial years, but also giving scope to red tape and corrupt practices during the reimbursement process."
According to Reddy, some Rs 700 crore of tax reimbursement arrears are piled up with the government over the last three years and no adequate budgetary allocations have been made to clear them. "Taking into view the many adverse conditions faced by the MSME (micro, small and medium enterprises) sector over the last few years, including severe power crisis that made them operate at less than 50 per cent of capacity, the government should consider extending the period of incentives to them by at least three years to help them come out of sickness," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

This week we are expecting cpi and iip data to be announced....so be c...Platinum Member
715 Followers
The current valuations are not as enticing as they were three-four months ago.Remember that markets never move in a striaght line ., sop lets not be worried of an impending sell off. But look to accumulate good quality stocks and that have decent track records, professional management and fair valuations , and most important a sustainable business . The best opportunity reside in higher quality mid-caps that have pricing power. Let me suggest few that you should accumulate :::: Marico Kaya - must , MCX , Delta Corp .....MMTC ....REC .so....plan your trade.....so remain committed. be positive. i am confident all the stocks that i regularly suggest give more than 10-20-30-40 percent return since every 1-2-4-6- months....what else do i want....look at TRF ...i have been suggesting to accumulate when one month back was trading below 300.............NOW shot up to 418 levels......fantastic......this is the sure shot returns that we all want....share knowledge and .....grow together.....thats the mantra....also look at dolphin off......one month back 155......now shot up to 211......fantastic.....look at ISGEC....one month ....two months....three months back ....it was 2750 levels.......and have been suggesting to buy.......now 4200 levels......fantastic....Marico Kaya @ 525 levels ........now shot up to 835 ......I had suggested to buy Themis two months ago when it was around 115-120 levels.....now shot up to 156 ...Dolphin Off at 151 levels......now shot up to 223 ....will go to 450... in one year....Wockhardt from 625 levels since last 2 months ....now jumped to 817.....surely this stock will reach new highs....perhaps ....1400 to 1800 by March 2015........Triton Valves @ 735 ....now 1145 , Jindal saw @ 75 .........now 106.......i can go on...and on.....the list is long.....in fact YOU can check all my postings ....going back wards..........you will know what i am talking.......SO keep sharing knowledge....................in this blog........and let everyone benefit......and grow...........goodluck and godbless................NOW........NOW is suggest that you accumulate the foll::::::::: canara bank , tata steel , Jindal saw, Marksans, Dolphin Off-must , B&A ltd , Ashapura Minin-Must , Morganite Cruc-must grab it in every fall, , MMTC , Ashapura Mining-must ,B&A Ltd - must buy , Empire Inds-must buy , BOI , Century text , MMTC , Jindal saw, Marksans, Om Metals - must , Delta Corp-must , Themis-must ., GRP , TRF , dolphin off, ISGEC , GRP Ltd...etc..............goodluck and godbless.
In reply to : baboo288 message
6.53 AM Nov 30th

SC wants to block sex test web searchPrint
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday directed the Centre to take urgent steps to stop Google, Yahoo and Microsoft from advertising kits for foetal gender determination, and displaying the addresses of foreign clinics that provide assistance in the act, which is an offence in India.
The apex court was acting on a petition filed by Sabu Mathew George, a member of the apex court appointed monitoring committee on the issue.
The plea said such advertisements flooded the internet after the Pre-Natal Diagnostics Technique (PNDT) Act, which came into force in 1994 to crack down on female foeticide, and banned the publication of such ads in the print media.
“An effort has to be made to see that nothing contrary to laws of this country are advertised or shown on these websites.
“For the said purpose, we would like to have assistance from the competent authority from the Department of Information and Technology.
“Be that as it may, a legal solution has to be arrived at,” said a bench headed by Justice Dipak Misra.
The court has directed Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar to be present in the court on December 15 “along with a competent officer as it involves technical issues”.
The group coordinator, Cyber Laws Formulation and Enforcement Division of the Information Technology Department, in its affidavit said it would be difficult to block these websites as they were hosted outside the country and provided good content for medical education.
The bench, however, rejected the argument, saying “as we understand, the affidavit reflects a kind of helplessness”.
Questioning the Centre’s contention, George’s lawyer submitted that many countries have been able to control such advertisements, which violate the laws of their countries by way of entering into certain kind of agreement, developing technical tools and issuing appropriate directions.
The websites on their part contended they do not violate the laws of India.
“We only provide a corridor and do not have any control over the contents,” they said.
As per latest estimates, around five lakh female foetus are aborted annually.
According to UNICEF, India has lost over one crore girls since 2007 to female foeticide. Since 1991, 80 per cent Indian districts have recorded an increasingly masculine sex ratio.
Recommend

Fifth column: Not either orWritten by Tavleen Singh |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:27 am
You may not like what I am about to say but it’s true. India is probably the dirtiest country in the world. Our metropolises have failed to manage waste, so on their edges stand dumping grounds the size of small cities. Our towns and villages reek of rotting garbage and are so unhygienic that most children die from diseases caused by filth. Our rivers are shamefully polluted and there are industrial enclaves in which breathing is dangerous. These horrible conditions did not develop in the past six months, but you would not know this from reading The New York Times.
Before sitting down to write this week’s column, if I had not read a story titled ‘Narendra Modi, Favoring Growth in India, Sweeps Away Environmental Rules’, I may have written about the Sadhvi. For the record, I believe she should be sacked but I also believe this is the prerogative of the Prime Minister and not the Rajya Sabha. To return to the environment and the charge that environmental rules are being swept away, may I say that more damage was possibly done to the cause of environmental preservation in the last three years of the Sonia-Manmohan government than ever before.
Instead of making a sincere effort to rectify damage done by successive (mostly Congress) governments, this column’s bête noire, Jairam Ramesh, was encouraged to use the Ministry of Environment as licence raj.
Cheered on by fraudulent environmental groups, Shri Ramesh shut down major projects, denied valid licences and virtually brought the economy to a halt on ‘environmental’ grounds. Did these tactics serve in any way to improve the environment in our wretched land? No. So if Modi’s government is attempting some course correction, it is because it has become absolutely necessary. India needs to create at least 12 million new jobs a year and this cannot happen by closing down factories. There can be no ‘make in India’ at all if we do this.
Factories and forests, cities and clean rivers can coexist, as they do all over the world, as long as rules are genuine and not designed to help corrupt inspectors make money. In India, it is the absence of measureable standards that is the real problem. Some environmental laws are so absurd that Mumbai, built mostly on land reclaimed from the sea, has coastal zone regulations and restrictions on construction that cause more than half its population to live in shanties. Have the rules improved living conditions? No. On the edge of Mumbai are suburbs that are visions of hell. Those children who manage to survive play, eat, study and defecate on dumping grounds that emit poisonous fumes into the atmosphere 24 hours a day.
What the Prime Minister needs to tell us is what he plans to do about rectifying the damage done by continued…

Out of my mind: Hard work foreverWritten by Meghnad Desai |
Posted: December 7, 2014 1:49 am
A hundred years ago, there were few nations. There were large empires — British, French, Austro-Hungarian, Romanov dynasty of Russia and the Ottoman Empire. The US was an independent republic but not a power to reckon with at the international level. The Great War forged a revolution.
The maritime empires of Britain and France survived and the other three disintegrated. Russia became the powerful Soviet Union. The US emerged as the leading capitalist nation. The capitalist system went through the crisis of the Great Depression, while planning and growth flourished in the Soviet Union. The future seemed to be red.
The next World War led to the dissolution of the British and French empires. Only the US and USSR survived as global powers. This seemed like a mighty duel between capitalism and socialism. My generation grew up unsure about which side would win. But before the century ended, only the US was left as a world power.
On the centenary of the First World War, where are we now? The global economy has been through a huge financial crash. Asia has emerged as an economic miracle. Ten years ago, BRICS was hailed as the new group of powerful economies that would form an alternative centre of economic gravity to the US. The developed economies have been through a crunch and have faced severe problems of deficit and debt reduction. Who will survive at the top when the centenary of the World War II comes in 25 years?
Crystal gazing is better left to astrologers, but some guesses can be made from lessons of the past. We know the Soviet Union collapsed due to the weight of its military ambitions as these were not matched by its economic capacity. Even since the collapse of the USSR, Russia has failed to tackle its economic weakness. It relied too much on its oil reserves and now, with the steep drop in oil prices, the rouble has collapsed. Russia’s strong-arm tactics in Ukraine have proved costly. Sanctions are hurting and capital is leaving Russia fast. When the old Communist system dissolved, Russia failed to build an alternative sustainable system. It did not reform its political system either. The KGB remained in power and now it is in a mess. It will no doubt blame the West for its problems but when the money runs out, hard questions will have to be posed.
Western nations are going through a different sort of crunch. Decades of prosperity built up many entitlements. Growth was taken for granted, consumption was expected to rise year on year. Since the 2008 financial crisis, few economies have been able to grow. Debts have been high and unemployment rising. The UK has put itself through a harsh deflation to cut the deficit, pruning the welfare expenditure and increasing taxes. Five years of austerity have now begun to continued…

Flip side: Sale of the yearWritten by Dilip Bobb |
Posted: December 7, 2014 1:54 am
This is boon time for online shoppers, with a fierce battle (check out the Lok Sabha for visuals) underway for selling items at a discount. There are a wide range of objects on sale, some exclusive to a particular site, leading to cries of  “arre sale”, but this year-end stock clearance offers the best chance to pick up some great deals. Some examples:
Bamboo: Not an item normally found on online sites, but ever since Mamata Banerjee showed us its myriad uses, complete with crude hand gestures, the bamboo has become a hot item. Coming from a Chief Minister, the endorsement of bamboo-up-the-backside therapy was clearly a case of lowering standards and bamboozled everyone. But she can take comfort from the fact that she was raising the stake in revolting against the Centre, unlike in the case of the revolting Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti. Columnist Shobhaa De has nominated ‘bamboo up the backside’ as Phrase of the Year, but it could be just a phase — albeit a painful one. Available exclusively on Flip-out Kart.
Cryonic freezers: It may be winter, but keeping things in deep freeze still has its buyers, like the followers of Ashutosh Maharaj. They have found a new use for the freezer after their guru expired and left them all in tears — cryonics. It is a process meant to preserve dead bodies and other organs, but in this case, it is meant to preserve the cult by barricading themselves against organs of the State. How a self-styled godman, accused of rape and murder, attracts such fierce loyalty defies logic, but then so does the non-acceptance of mortality — the guru died 11 months ago and has been on ice since. One explanation could be found in the cult’s website — it describes him as “an exceptionally awakened being”. Available on Mantra.
Business class seat: The popular online store DealSnapped is offering a lucky draw for a business class seat, but for those who profess to practise austerity, in public life, it could prove to be a deal-breaker. Ask Arvind Kejriwal. The poor fellow snapped up the business class seat since it was booked by his sponsors, but for a party that equates asceticism with image and therefore votes, that was cold comfort. There is also the fact that he had given up an executive class seat mid-flight, so to speak, during his stint as chief minister, and downgraded himself to cattle class. That may also be the case when it comes to Assembly seats.
Selfies: It’s the latest camera craze and now that selfies are being auctioned on sites like Zoomin, there are some good photo-ops available. Top of the ops is one showing Rahul Gandhi in a selfie with Mahatma Gandhi (only his statue, of course), taken when he was protesting against the government’s U-turns. It’s quite a political U-turn, considering his sudden burst of public activity after being statue-like most of the time. A selfie with the original Gandhi continued…

Government Rules Out Bail-Out Measure for SpiceJetSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
After reviewing the situation facing the no-frill carrier, Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a "convincing schedule" by December 15, to clear its over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies as well as stop taking bookings beyond one month among others.
Ninety three arrival and as many departure slots were withdrawn by the aviation regulator as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, as against 339 in September.
Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Mr Raju had said.
The regulator would henceforth carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles, DGCA sources had said on Saturday.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 12:58 (IST)

Dont fear the dollars orderly riseNovember 17, 2014 9:21 am
Don’t fear the dollar’s ‘orderly rise’
Stephanie Flanders
Major trends tend to linger and the US currency has further headroom
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f48efb4a-6a77-11e4-bfb4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar optimism may be overstretchedDollar optimism may be overstretched
Jamie Chisholm
Correction possible after recent strong run
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7152fa3c-697e-11e4-9f65-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Greek radical left spooks bond investorsGreek radical left spooks global bond investors
Madison Marriage and Kerin Hope
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aabd4b42-7c9d-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Capital Group finds its voice© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8acf310-7a1e-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The future is bleak for closet trackersThe future is bleak for closet trackers
Madison Marriage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0aba6a9c-7bb9-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goa may see 30% surge in tourist arrivals t...Cox & Kings
(Hotel chains are cashing…)
KOLKATA | MUMBAI: Goa, India's party capital, is expected to welcome almost 25-30% more tourists during this Christmas and New Year compared with last time, with an increased share of domestic travellers, say travel companies and hoteliers. "This season will be one of the best for Goa. The IFFI (International Film Fest of India), Exposition, Christmas, New Year and a host of festivals lined up till March will keep Goa bustling with activity," says Ameya Abhyankar, director of Goa Tourism.
Abhyankar claims that the decennial exposition of the sacred relics of St Francis Xavier — commenced on November 22 and is expected to go on until January 4 — itself will witness almost 50 lakh pilgrims visiting Goa. To cater to the rush, the Goa Tourism Development Corporation has arranged short tours of heritage monuments and churches in old Goa, and special boat rides from Santa Monica jetty for pilgrims and other tourists.
Travel companies have witnessed a sharp increase in sales of domestic packages to Goa. "It is always a favorite destination, especially during Christmas and New Year, and (other) events do add on to the number of tourists visiting," says Vishal Sinha , chief operating officer at leisure travel firm TUI . The company has seen a 30% increase in traffic to Goa.
Rajeev D Kale, president and chief executive (MICE, Domestic & Sports Tourism) at Thomas Cook India says the company has seen a 15% uptick from a year ago in conversion of travel queries to Goa. According to Karan Anand, head of relationships at Cox & Kings, travellers are willing to spend up to Rs 25,000 per day for a holiday in Goa during this period.
Hotel chains are cashing in on the increased demand, quoting tariffs which are 50% higher than other times of the year. "Being one of the peak periods, tariffs from December 25 till January 10 are in the range of Rs 18,000-25,000 as against the usual Rs 12,000-15,000," says Betty Remedios, director of sales & marketing at Grand Hyatt Goa .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kudankulam reactor back on streamUpdated: December 8, 2014 03:58 IST
Kudankulam reactor back on stream
Special Correspondent
nuclear power
After being shut down for 81 days, the first unit of Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project began power generation again on Sunday night around 10 p.m.
The reactor, that attained its maximum capacity of 1,000 MWe on June 7 last, was stopped for tests on July 16 before it was taken to the commercial power generation phase. The unit was commissioned again on August 31 after the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board gave its nod for commercial power generation, but generation was stopped on September 13 after a “technical malfunction.”
It was started on September 15 and was stopped within 48 hours after a “vital component” in the turbine section got unscrewed and hit the turbine at high velocity causing “significant damage.”
Though the project administration was trying to find a domestic company to fabricate the component, it had to replace the damaged component with the fresh one fitted in the second reactor.
After replacing the damaged component, the reactor was commissioned at 9.59 p.m. on Sunday and power generation stood at 69 MWe around 10.45 p.m.

Britain s Prince William and Kate arrive on first trip to NYCBritain s Prince William and Kate arrive on first trip to NYC
The new Mexico goes up in flamesThe ‘new Mexico’ goes up in flames
By Jude Webber in Mexico City
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e7d5752-6b0d-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Telangana clears IKEA  Coca-Cola proposalsAndhra Pradesh
(The move from the country's…)
HYDERABAD: A week after unveiling its industrial policy incorporating right to clearances within a fortnight, claimed to be the world's first, Telangana is now preparing to showcase its quick-approval mechanism by clearing two large foreign investment proposals.
The world's largest furniture retail chain, IKEA, and beverages giant Coca-Cola are set to get quick approvals for their projects. While IKEA chose Hyderabad for its first India store with a proposed investment of $100 million (about Rs 620 crore), Coca-Cola has evinced interest in setting up a Rs 1,000-crore facility near the state capital.
The move from the country's newest state assumes significance in the backdrop of the proposed Hyderabad visit of IKEA's India chief executive, Juvencio Maeztu, sometime this fortnight.
"The Telangana Rashtra Samithi government, which spent months to incorporate the best elements of available industrial policies the world over, is determined to demonstrate its intent on cutting red tape and luring large-scale industrial investments," industries secretary K Pradeep Chandra told ET.
"Towards this, the entire government machinery related to supporting the industrial investments is now being geared up to keep all the systems in place to accord quick approvals, through a single application by the prospective investors," the industries secretary said.
A number of large prospective investors, both domestic and global, are awaiting clarity on the sector and location-specific incentives that the Centre had promised to provide to Telangana under the Andhra Pradesh State Reorganisation Act, he said
Some of the companies, which already have operations in and around Hyderabad, have announced expansions involving at least Rs 10,000 crore of total investments after the state was born on June 2. These include the Tata group that announced a few aerospace investments, Tata Consultancy Services, Microsoft and Cognizant which are setting up new campuses, ITC and Dura Line. Several pharmaceutical firms have evinced interest in setting up units in the newly-proposed mega pharmaceutical city, coming up over 11,000 acres near Hyderabad where the government is eyeing a potential of Rs 30,000 crore investment over the next few years. "Demonstration of quicker and hassle-free approvals in the shortest span without red tape by the Telangana government should automatically help the investors, both domestic and multinational, volunteering to spread the word and acting as ambassadors," said Pradeep Chandra.
Appreciating the efforts of the government in putting elements in place for fast clearances, Confederation of Indian Industry's state chapter chairperson Vanitha Datla said: "It should really help the government in attracting more investments. Self-certification by prospective investors and minimum inspections by government officials are some of the positive features of the new industrial policy, which should help the industry to stick to project implementation schedules."
 
However, Telangana Industrialists' Forum president K Sudheer Reddy views that there were many aspects that the government should have paid attention to for not just attracting fresh investments but also helping existing industries, some of which are on the verge of turning sick. "Uninterrupted power supply is a major ingredient to attract investments and unfortunately we don't have adequate power supplies for the industry at present. The government should address this at the earliest through effective medium- to long-term plans.
Meanwhile, the industry should be encouraged with tax incentives to go for captive power generation units." While welcoming the incentives and tax reimbursements proposed by the state government, Reddy said: "The government should look into doing away with reimbursement mechanism which makes the industry to invest first and claim reimbursement later, leading to not just blocking the precious working capital during the initial years, but also giving scope to red tape and corrupt practices during the reimbursement process."
According to Reddy, some Rs 700 crore of tax reimbursement arrears are piled up with the government over the last three years and no adequate budgetary allocations have been made to clear them. "Taking into view the many adverse conditions faced by the MSME (micro, small and medium enterprises) sector over the last few years, including severe power crisis that made them operate at less than 50 per cent of capacity, the government should consider extending the period of incentives to them by at least three years to help them come out of sickness," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rams hold Morris to career lowBy Mike Jones December 7 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Redskins running back Alfred Morris is stopped by Rams defensive tackle Aaron Donald left, and Sstrong safety T.J. McDonald for a loss of yardage during the second quarter. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
In the second half of the season, Alfred Morris seemed to have turned a corner after struggling to find the effectiveness that he became known for both in 2012 and 2013. Morris entered Sunday’s game just 107 yards shy of the 1,00-yard mark for the third time in as many years – something only one other Redskins player has managed to do.
But the Rams entered the game with the goal of neutralizing the Pro Bowl back, and they succeeded. Morris carried only eight times and mustered only six yards. He had a long of 12 yards, but had three carries for a loss of yards and four for no gain.
“Their D-line did a good job of penetrating us from flowing sideline to sideline,” said Morris, who had his lowest output since Dec. 1 of last season when he had 11 carries for 26 yards against the Giants. “They do a good job of defending us during our bread and butter, which is eight and nine outside zone. So, I mean, the D-line did a great job.”
Said left tackle Trent Williams, “They probably had eight men in the box.They were out to stop the run. I don’t know what tailback in the league can run with eight, nine in the box. They had a good game plan to win. They are on a hot streak and it showed in their game plan. Their defense came to win.”
Because of their lack of success on first and second downs, the Redskins routinely found themselves in third-and-long situations, and they converted only 3 of 12 attempts for first downs. The inability to extend drives limited opportunities for Morris, the players surmised.
Morris received six carries in the first half, but he managed only one yard by halftime. He carried the ball only twice more the remainder of the game although Washington trailed only 9-0 midway through the third quarter. Morris had a one-yard carry on the Redskins’ first play of the third quarter, but didn’t run the ball again until the next possession – a gain of four yards.
The members of the Rams’ defense said although encouraged by their success against the run, they felt like the Redskins abandoned the run prematurely, and thus played right into St. Louis’s plans.
“When you’re able to stop the run, it allows our D-line to go to work,” linebacker James Laurinitis said. “I think early in the season, teams would just run the football and throwing quick game. So when that happens, I don’t care how freakish Robert [Quinn] is and those guys or Aaron Donald and the rest of the guys, you’ve got to be able to stop the run. I was pretty surprised they abandoned it as early as they did.”
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered Tuesday in the  Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Investors using trigger mechanism to book profitsInvestors using trigger mechanism to book profits
Tata  moser... suzyMNRE kept a target of 15000MW wind energy in 12th five year Plan..i,e between 2012-2017.
MNRE plans for SAARC grid to evacuate Offshore wind energy and many more.
Suzlon plans for hybrid parks containing both solar and wind.
There is no such stable solar companies in india, what we could expect now is that Suzlon could form a joint venture with some of the top japanese firms having expertise in Solar manufacturing.

1000 is in jan.kuch me ho sbi ke marge ho yaa naa ho bhir bhi 1000 is ...Silver Member
0 Follower
1000 is in jan.kuch me ho sbi ke marge ho yaa naa ho bhir bhi 1000 is sure marge hone pe to 2000 target hai.besocus sbbj ka face value 10 hai and sbi ka 1 hai uss hisab se to aaj ke hisab 3000 ka ha.
6.52 AM Dec 8th  | Track

Buy buy buy soon 200 level seen .Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

M2ma - good morning to you and all our friends - you all will agree ...Platinum Member
107 Followers
m2ma -  Good morning to you and all our friends -  you all will agree with me that India now give the best opportunity to Wind and solar energy segments as compared to other parts of the world. Our country is also blessed with abundence of both. We Indians indenegeously developed super critical cryogenic technology for satellites and wind turbine is nothing before cryogecic enginies.  So, if suzlon concentrate on Indian operations by selling off all assets of less remunerative, it will gain its lost glory in no time..  but the problem is (as per my view) overseas acquisitions are  very much over priced (usual trick of siphone out money by Bank route which almost all corporates are doing), net inflow will be very less..
Yes suzlon`s management should put all efforts to  increase Indian operations many fold and do whatever thi9ngs they want for that.. the sooner the better...

President Obama at WH at holiday party: dont steal the silver!The White House will be the scene of many holiday parties this season. (Alex Wong/Getty Images)
Does President Obama trust the most senior members of his own administration?
At a holiday party Friday at the White House for top administration folks on Friday, he revealed that he suspects some of them just might be candidates for the “naughty” list. After wishing a very happy holidays to the roomful of revelers (all in a fine mood, we’re told, thanks to festive tunes by the Marine band, a generous spread and that famous eggnog), Obama issued a warning, according to our tipster. “Don’t take the forks,” he joked.
Obama added that he wouldn’t mind if his guests (who included assorted political appointees from the Department of Homeland Security, the State Department, HHS, and other agencies) slipped the silver into their pockets if the cutlery was his — but it, of course, belongs to the White House.
He generously allowed that the partygoers could, however, help themselves to the napkins, which bear the presidential seal. One guest playfully scooped up a handful, prompting an amused first lady Michelle Obama to note, “that’s a lot of napkins!”
Read more Reliable Source:

Traders deliver gold on MCX at a profitTraders deliver gold on MCX at a profit
Ram Sahgal, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
bullion
(Gold demand has fallen in…)
MUMBAI: Finding it hard to push their stocks of gold in the spot market because of low demand for jewellery and other forms of the metal recently, smart bullion dealers and traders delivered gold bars on commodity bourse MCX at a profit in the December contract that expired on Friday.
Traders on MCX had delivered 1,031 kilos of gold worth Rs 270.6 crore till Wednesday. Data on delivery, if any, on the last two days was not released by the bourse till the time of writing this report on Friday.
On Monday, traders had delivered 95 kilos of gold at Rs 26.5 lakh a kilo. On the following two days, they sold 846 kilos at Rs 26.2 lakh/kg and 90 kilos at Rs 26.5 lakh/kg. Delivery in the October contract - gold contract on MCX is bi-monthly - was 2,783 kilos, the highest in five years, worth Rs 746 crore.
Market participants said traders made a neat profit by selling gold at a costlier rate than its settlement price.
Ketan Shroff , MD at Mumbaibased refiner and bullion dealer Penta Gold , said premium on gold charged by banks and other nominated agencies in the spot market was $10 an ounce (32 gms) 10-15 days ago, which fell to $1-2 an ounce around the delivery period on MCX. "Since the futures price trades at a premium to the spot market price, the traders contracted to sell gold earlier at a higher price on the futures market than the rate at which the contract settled, thereby making aprofit," Shroff said.
The December contract, which began on June 6, gyrated between a high of Rs 28,749 per 10 gm (less 1% VAT) and a low of Rs 25,461 on November 6.
Gold demand has fallen in recent times, according to leading jewellery companies, including Tanishq , because of high price volatility.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hostages Killed During Rescue Attempt In YemenHostages Luke Somers, Pierre Korkie Killed During Rescue Attempt In Yemen
 |  By                                                                      JULIE PACE and AHMED AL-HAJ
Posted:
reddit
SANAA, Yemen (AP) — An American photojournalist and a South African teacher were killed Saturday during a high-risk, U.S.-led raid to free them from al-Qaida-affiliated militants in Yemen, a turbulent Arab country that is a centerpiece of U.S. counterterrorism efforts in the region.
The predawn raid was the second rescue attempt in as many weeks to free Luke Somers, a 33-year-old freelance photographer and editor kidnapped just over a year ago in Yemen's capital.
South African Pierre Korkie, abducted 18 months ago with his wife in the city of Tazi, also was killed by militants as U.S. forces descended upon the militants' compound in southern Yemen. A South African aid group trying to negotiate Korkie's release said he was a day from freedom after a deal late last month that included a "facilitation fee" to the kidnappers. The relief organization had told Korkie's wife that "the wait is almost over."
President Barack Obama said he ordered the raid because Somers was believed to be in "imminent danger." The president, in a statement, condemned Somers' killing as a "barbaric murder," but did not mention the 56-year-old Korkie by name, offering condolences to the family of "a non-U.S. citizen hostage." The South African government said it was informed that Korkie died during the mission by American special forces.
"It is my highest responsibility to do everything possible to protect American citizens," Obama said. "As this and previous hostage rescue operations demonstrate, the United States will spare no effort to use all of its military, intelligence and diplomatic capabilities to bring Americans home safely, wherever they are located."
About 40 American special operations forces were involved in the rescue attempt, which followed U.S. drone strikes in the area, U.S. officials said. The rescuers, backed by Yemeni ground forces, advanced within 100 meters of the compound in Shabwa province when they were spotted by the militants. A firefight ensued.
Amid the fighting, U.S. forces saw a militant briefly enter a building on the compound. U.S. officials believe it was then that Somers and Korkie were shot. When Americans entered the building, they found both men alive, but gravely wounded.
Officials said that based on the location where Somers and Korkie were being held, there was no possibility that they were struck by American gunfire.
U.S. forces pulled Somers and Korkie onto V-22 Ospreys, and medical teams began performing surgery in midair. One hostage died during the short flight; the second died after the Ospreys landed on the USS Makin Island, a Navy ship in the region.
The raid was over in about 30 minutes.
U.S. officials disclosed details of the mission on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to publicly discuss the raid.
Saturday's operation was the second rescue attempt by U.S. and Yemeni forces to bring Somers home alive. On Nov. 25, American special operations forces and Yemeni soldiers raided a remote al-Qaida safe haven in a desert region near the Saudi border.
Eight captives, including Yemenis, a Saudi and an Ethiopian, were freed. Somers was not at that location. He and five other hostages had been moved days earlier, officials later said.
Roughly a dozen people are believed held by al-Qaida militants in Yemen.
On Thursday, al-Qaida militants released a video showing Somers and threatening to kill him in three days if the United States did not meet the group's unspecified demands or if another rescue was attempted.
U.S. officials said that threat prompted Obama to move quickly. Using information obtained during the first raid, U.S. officials believed Somers was being held Shabwa province, a stronghold of al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, the terrorist group's Yemeni branch. Officials believed a second hostage was there, too, but did not know it was Korkie.
By Thursday evening, the Pentagon had sent the White House a proposed plan, which Obama approved the following day. Officials alerted Yemen's President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, who gave his support.
Hadi has been a critical U.S. partner in seeking to undermine Yemen's dangerous al-Qaida affiliate. With the permission of Yemen's government, the U.S. has for years launched drone strikes against militant targets in the country and provided Yemen with hundreds of millions of dollars in security assistance.
When Obama announced U.S. airstrikes this year against militant targets in Syria and Iraq, he held up the Yemen effort as a comparable model.
Yemen's highest security body, the Supreme Security Committee, issued a rare statement Saturday acknowledging that the country's forces had carried out the raid with "American friends." The committee said all the militants holding the hostages were killed in the operation.
No American forces were killed or sustained serious injuries in the raid. Yemen's government said four of its forces were wounded.
Korkie was abducted in May 2013 along with his wife, Yolande, who was doing relief work. She was released in January without ransom as a result of negotiations by the South African relief group, Gift of the Givers.
But al-Qaida militants demanded a $3 million ransom for Korkie's release, according to those close to the negotiations. Although that demand was dropped, the kidnappers did insist on the "facilitation fee," according to the aid group. The undisclosed amount was raised by Korkie's family and friends, according to the South African Press Agency.
"A team of Abyan (Yemeni) leaders met in Aden this morning and were preparing the final security and logistical arrangements, related to hostage release mechanisms, to bring Pierre to safety and freedom," said Imtiaz Sooliman, the aid group's founder. "It is even more tragic that the words we used in a conversation with Yolande at 5:59 this morning was: 'The wait is almost over.'"
The U.S. government has a policy against paying ransoms to win the release of hostages.
Korkie was a dedicated teacher, a family friend said. "Teaching was his life. His heart took him to Yemen. He loved teaching the poor," said Daan Nortier, who is acting as a family spokesman.
Lucy Somers, the photojournalist's sister, told The Associated Press that she and her father learned of her brother's death from FBI agents just after midnight Saturday.
"We ask that all of Luke's family members be allowed to mourn in peace," she said from near London.
Somers was kidnapped in September 2013 as he left a supermarket in Sanaa, according to Fakhri al-Arashi, chief editor of the National Yemen, where Somers worked as a copy editor and a freelance photographer during the 2011 uprising in Yemen.
Before her brother's death, Lucy Somers released an online video describing him as a romantic who "always believes the best in people." She ended with the plea: "Please let him live."
In a statement, Somers' father, Michael, also called his son "a good friend of Yemen and the Yemeni people" and asked for his safe release.
Fuad Al Kadas, who called Somers one of his best friends, said Somers spent time in Egypt before finding work in Yemen. Somers started teaching English at a Yemen school but quickly established himself as a one of the few foreign photographers in the country, he said.
"He is a great man with a kind heart who really loves the Yemeni people and the country," Al Kadas wrote in an email from Yemen. He said he last saw Somers the day before he was kidnapped.
Al-Arashi, Somers' editor at the National Yemen, recalled a moment when Somers edited a story on other hostages held in the country.
"He looked at me and said, 'I don't want to be a hostage,'" al-Arashi said. "'I don't want to be kidnapped.'"
___
Pace reported from Washington. Associated Press writers who contributed to this report include Maamoun Youssef, Sarah El Deeb, Maggie Michael and Jon Gambrell in Cairo; Robert Burns in Kabul, Afghanistan; Ken Dilanian in Washington; Adam Schreck and Fay Abuelgasim in Manama, Bahrain; Andrew Meldrum in Johannesburg and Yusof Abdul-Rahman in London.
___
Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC
More:

Fifteen blinded after cataract surgery goes wrongFifteen Indians blinded after surgery with suspected infected tools
Reuters –  Fri 5 Dec, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: Fifteen Indians lost their sight after a doctor used suspected infected equipment to remove cataracts at a free eye surgery camp, the latest incident to highlight the dangers of shoddy medical treatment in the country.
A criminal investigation has been launched against the non-governmental organisation and the doctors who carried out the operations, mainly on elderly women, without consulting health authorities.
The government is trying to check the condition of 45 other patients operated on at the camp in Punjab state in northern India, according to Rajiv Bhalla, a senior government surgeon in the city of Amritsar, where the patients are being treated.
"The cause was probably using unsterilised instruments - that can be the only reason for the infection in the eye," said Bhalla. "There are no chances of them having their vision restored."
Calls to the organisation that organised the camp and the hospital where it took place went unanswered.
The botched operations draw attention to the poor state of healthcare in India, which has one of the lowest rates of public spending on medical care anywhere, according to the World Health Organization.
Last month, at least 13 women died after treatment at an unhygienic mass sterilisation camp in central India. An independent investigation found the doctor used the same needle on each patient and staff never changed their gloves.
The mishandled surgeries at the eye camp were discovered when the 15 patients came to a government office on Wednesday asking for medicine and financial help. The operations took place in a village outside Amritsar in early November.
"They were very upset and helpless," said Ravi Bhagat, the deputy commissioner of Amritsar. "It took them a while to come to see us because they never knew it was going to be such a serious issue."
India has the world's largest number of blind people and cataracts are one of the leading causes of people losing their sight, according to Sightsavers, a British charity. In order to combat the problem, mass cataract camps are organised."It is just a minor surgery, the results are normally very good," said Bhalla. "This should never have happened."
(Editing by Douglas Busvine and Robert Birsel)
Recommend

Official: Remains Of One Of Mexico s Missing Students IdentifiedRemains Of One Of Mexico's Missing Students Identified: Official
 |  By                                                                      E. EDUARDO CASTILLO and MARIA VERZA
Posted:
Updated:
12/06/2014  9:59 pm EST
Peasants from El Barzon movement protest in front of the Interior Ministry in Mexico City on December 5, 2014 demanding the truth about the disappearance of 43 students in Ayotzinapa in September. (YURI CORTEZ/AFP/Getty Images) | YURI CORTEZ via Getty Images
reddit
MEXICO CITY (AP) — At least one of 43 college students missing since September has been identified among charred remains found several weeks ago near a southern Mexico garbage dump, two government officials confirmed Saturday.
The two could not provide more details on how many of the students might have been identified. They agreed to speak about the development only if granted anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the press.
A family member of a missing student told The Associated Press that the remains were of Alexander Mora. The families were given that information late Friday by an Argentine team of forensic experts working on behalf of the relatives and with the Attorney General's Office, said the man, who also would speak only on condition of anonymity.
Parents of the students declined comment, addressing a crowd that gathered Saturday afternoon at an already planned protest at the capital's Monument to the Revolution to demand the return of the students alive.
Omar Garcia, a student at the march who attended the same rural teachers college in Ayotzinapa as the missing young men, relayed the reaction of Mora's father when he learned the fate of his son: "He will never give up. He will never get over his pain, but what he wants to tell all of you, and what we all want to say is this: We want justice!"
The students went missing Sept. 26 after confrontations with police in the Guerrero state city of Iguala that killed three students and three bystanders. Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam has said they were attacked by police on orders of Iguala's then mayor, Jose Luis Abarca, who has since been detained after going into hiding.  Authorities are holding more than 70 people in the case, which also forced the governor of Guerrero to resign.
Prosecutors say the students were later turned over to a drug gang, which killed them. In announcing the finding of the remains, the attorney general said Nov. 7 that some detainees had told officials that they burned the 43 bodies at a dump site and bagged and threw their ashes in a river.
The attorney general told the parents that the bone fragments left after the burning would be almost impossible to identify, leaving many relatives doubting the government's story. They had kept up the search for their sons, maintaining hope that they were still alive.
Parents participating in Saturday's protest got off buses with sullen faces and were immediately surrounded by people for protection and support.
The bone fragments were sent to the University of Innsbruck in Austria, which was recommended by the Argentine forensic team as having one of the most experienced laboratories for identifying deteriorated remains. The identification came from Austria, said student David Flores, who was at the protest. The Argentine forensic experts couldn't be reached Saturday.
Mora's classmates at the teachers college had dubbed the teen farmer "The Rock," Garcia said.
"He was a classmate who was very strong, very persevering in whatever he had as a goal," Garcias said. "It's a big loss."
Mora's parents received the news Friday night, and members of the school community were with them in their hometown of El Pericon on Saturday. Garcia said they received the news "with a lot of courage, valor, dignity and determination."
The case has ignited citizen indignation across Mexico and abroad for the fact that the students disappeared at the hands of a corrupt local government and that federal authorities took 10 days to intervene.
Tens of thousands have taken to the streets, some calling for President Enrique Pena Nieto to resign. The case has come to signify the abuse of authority and corruption that is engrained in the Mexican system and that all Mexicans experience on a regular basis.
Marching to the protest site Saturday, thousands of people filled streets in central Mexico City shouting, "Justice," ''We want them alive," and "Pena out."
"The parents will not rest until we have justice," said Felipe de la Cruz, father of one of the missing students.
Noting that the identification is for just one of the 43 disappeared, he said, "If they think one confirmation will leave us simply to mourn, they're wrong."
___
Associated Press writer Christopher Sherman contributed to this report.
More:

You can now create or order your own personalised beerFlavour on tap with personalised beer
Recommend
Link
14 days ago, Reuters Videos
Beer-drinkers could have the opportunity to personalise the taste of their favourite brew if pubs adopt new technology at the pump.
More on Reuters Videos:
ET NOW - 17 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Nifty Set to Resume Record Rally Next Week  May Scale 8 600You are here: Home Market
Nifty Set to Resume Record Rally Next Week, May Scale 8,600
Sanjeev Bhasin, independent analyst | Updated On: December 07, 2014 14:08 (IST)
India VIX Jumps Pricing in Global Linkages, Uncertain Rate Cuts
The Nifty will again attempt to scale 8,600 this week as positive global cues drive bullishness in domestic equities.
The Dow Jones index in the US closed just shy of 18,000, while the DAX benchmark in Germany reclaimed the 10,000 mark after a sharp correction of nearly 15 per cent. Japan's Topix closed at a seven-year high. Add to that the Shanghai Composite index, where Chinese stocks hit a four-year high.
Oil prices resumed their slide after a small pull back and gold also drifted lower. Weakness in commodities and better-than-expected jobs data in the US saw stock indices touch new six-month highs globally.
Foreign funds are buying into underperforming markets for better returns, which has resulted in flows in to China, Hong Kong and other underperforming emerging markets.
Indian indices were range bound last week as the Reserve Bank of India policy turned out to be a "non-event" with interest rates remaining unchanged. The Nifty faced strong resistance at 8,600 and ended the week down 0.58 per cent.
On the economic front, the disinvestment process got off to a flying start with SAIL offer for sale raising Rs 1,700 crore. A excise duty hike on oil products also caught the market by surprise, but will add over Rs 4,000 crore to the exchequer.
The Reserve Bank of India sounded dovish in its bi-monthly policy and hinted at an earlier-than-expected rate cut in 2014. The RBI's outlook helped the rupee rebound from above 62 per dollar to 61.75. The rupee has been an outperformer against most currencies except the US dollar and this seemed to be negative for most IT and pharma majors as the cross currency waves are leading to hedging losses for most of them.
The CNX FMCG index was the outperformer in this week, rising nearly 6 per cent. The CNX small cap index gained 3 per cent for the week. The underperformance came from the CNX IT index, which ended the week with losses of over 3 per cent. The CNX Pharma index shed almost 1 per cent.
In the coming week, markets will be guided by global cues and domestic economic data (November CPI and October IIP).
Foreign flows seem to have slowed down as profit booking for bonuses seem to have crept in for the short term. Expect local mutual funds and retail investors to join in the ongoing rally.
The Nifty could languish in a 8,500-8,650 range in the near term. The top three gainers on the Nifty were Jindal Steel, up 8.7 per cent, DLF, up 8.5 per cent, and ITC, up 7.8 per cent. The top three losers were Hindalco, down 6.2 per cent, Dr Reddy, down 5.8 per cent, and Infosys, down 5 per cent.
The weakness in oil and gold seems to be more pronounced than earlier imagined by most savvy fund managers and this globally seems to be playing out with equities now re-emerging as the most favoured asset class. With 2015 now just three weeks away, the outperformance of equity indices into early next year seems very much on the cards.
Sanjeev Bhasin is an independent market analyst. The opinions expressed here are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability or validity of any information given here. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing on the blog do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 12:33 (IST)

 Markets May See Profit-Booking  Inflation  IIP Eyed: ExpertsIndia VIX Jumps Pricing in Global Linkages, Uncertain Rate Cuts
New Delhi: Indian stocks could see volatility in the near term as investors take cues from inflation and factory output numbers next week, say experts.
Besides, foreign investor activity, the movement of rupee against US dollar and crude oil price would continue to set the tone for trading.
"This week would be a crucial one since participants would be eyeing the release of consumer price index data for November on December 12. On the same day, market would also be awaiting the release of IIP data for October," said Jayant Manglik, president-retail distribution at Religare Securities.
Further, participants would also be keeping a track of development taking place in the current session of Parliament, which commenced on November 24 and is set to conclude on December 23, he added.
Over the past week, the benchmark Sensex fell by nearly 236 points to 28,458.10 - logging its first weekly drop in seven weeks. Last month, the index had gained 828.16 points to hit its all-time high of 28,822.37 on November 28.
Traders said that investors would remain eye further policy announcements.
"Movement of index in near term will consistently remain on further reform initiatives to be taken in the ongoing winter session, IIP, CPI data expected to be announced on Friday," said Vivek Gupta, CMT-director research at CapitalVia Global Research.
"After a week of consolidation, we expect the markets to see some profit bookings in the coming 1-2 trading sessions," Rakesh Goyal, senior vice president at Bonanza Portfolio.
"Market has given positive response to the SAIL Offer for sale which shows, retail risk appetite is still intact. Market optimism and continued FII flows would continue to keep the markets intact."
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 13:04 (IST)

 FII Inflow in Equities Hits Rs 1 Lakh Crore in 2014 so farYou are here: Home Market
Foreign Investor Inflow in Equities Hits Rs 1 Lakh Crore in 2014 so far
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 07, 2014 18:59 (IST)
India VIX Jumps Pricing in Global Linkages, Uncertain Rate Cuts
New Delhi: Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year, primarily on account of government's reform agenda.
As per the latest market data, foreign investors have purchased equities worth Rs 9.60 lakh crore in 2014 so far, while they offloaded stocks to the tune of Rs 8.6 lakh crore during the same period, resulting into a net inflow of Rs 1 lakh crore ($16.57 billion).
These huge inflows included a net investment of Rs 4,032 crore so far in December itself.
While foreign investment in the equity market exceeded the Rs 1 lakh crore mark in the past two years also, almost a month is still left in 2014 and the final tally for this year may be much higher.
According to market experts, improved fundamentals of the Indian economy, a decisive mandate to the BJP-led NDA at the Centre, various reform measures announced by the government have caught the fancy of overseas investors (foreign institutional investors, sub-accounts and foreign portfolio investors or FPIs).
They said that global interest rate situation will be key factor for future flows into India along with domestic growth indicators.
However, the inflow is significantly higher in debt compared to equities. Till date, it has attracted Rs 1.55 lakh crore ($25.6 billion).
Total net investment by foreign investors (debt and equity segments) into India so far this year have reached Rs 2.55 lakh crore ($42 billion).
Foreign investors had put in Rs 1.13 lakh crore in the country's equity market in the entire 2013 and Rs 1.28 lakh crore in 2012.
Moreover, overseas investors had made a record net investment of Rs 1.33 lakh crore in 2010.
The strong inflows have helped push the Sensex by about 27 per cent so far this year.
Since the beginning of June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to create a new investor category called foreign portfolio investor (FPI).
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 18:16 (IST)

Panel to Take Call on Extended Spectrum Use by Airtel  VodafoneYou are here: Home Industries
Telecom Commission to Take Call on Extended Spectrum Use by Airtel, Vodafone
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 07, 2014 17:00 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New Delhi: Inter-ministerial panel Telecom Commission is likely to take a call on Monday on allowing extended use of spectrum by Airtel and Vodafone to avoid disruption in their services in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata, besides deciding on base price for the next round of auction.
"In view of public interest and absence of alternate possibility, the Department of Telecom (DoT) will propose Telecom Commission to extend use of spectrum by Airtel and Vodafone in Delhi till January 14 and till December 15 in Mumbai and Kolkata," an official source said.
Old permit of Vodafone in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata expired on November 29 as well as its right to use spectrum allocated under it. Airtel's permit in Delhi and Kolkata also expired on the same day.
However, both the companies acquired spectrum afresh in February this year but sought time till January 2014 to adjust their mobile network as per the new frequency spots won by them.
In Delhi, Idea Cellular bagged 5 Megahertz of airwaves in premium 900 Mhz band, in which mobile signal covers double area compared to coverage in other spectrum band used for GSM services. The 5 Mhz spectrum won by Idea includes 3 Mhz of spectrum that was being used by Vodafone and 2 Mhz was with Airtel.
Idea has agreed to allow Airtel and Vodafone to use its spectrum till January 14, subject to regulatory approval.
Airtel has over 1 crore mobile subscribers in Delhi while Vodafone has over 93 lakh customers.
The Telecom Commission is likely to take a call on reserve price for auction of spectrum in 800 Mhz (CDMA), 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz (GSM) band.
A DoT panel has proposed up to 17 per cent increase in price of CDMA spectrum compared to the base price recommended by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) at Rs 3,646 crore per megahertz.
The panel has also suggested to increase price of 900 Mhz band spectrum in some circles by up to 20 per cent. The Cabinet is likely to take a final call on reserve pricing for spectrum auction, planned to be held in February.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 16:11 (IST)

Carmakers accelerate production on excise un...Carmakers accelerate production on excise uncertainty; anticipating spurt in demand
By Chanchal Pal Chauhan , ET Bureau | 8 Dec, 2014, 08.10AM IST
Tweet
Congress-led government announced duty cut during its interim budget to boost demand in a sector where sales had shrunk for two consecutive years. 
NEW DELHI: December is typically a lean month for carmakers because of weak customer demand, but this year, uncertainty over continuation of excise duty beyond the year-end is forcing them to maximise production. If the government doesn't extend the deadline further for the 4-6% excise duty reduction announced in February, car prices could go up in the New Year, by as much as Rs 50,000 on popular sedans like the Honda City and even more on some other models.
Carmaker are anticipating a spurt in demand in the next few days from buyers, who could advance their purchase decision in the absence of clarity on the duty stimulus going beyond December. "As there is no clarity with regard to the excise rate being altered or extended, we have decided to equip our dealers with stocks in order to pass the benefit of lower excise to customers," said Rakesh Srivastava , senior vice-president for marketing and sales at Hyundai Motor India .
The previous Congress-led government announced the duty cut during its interim budget to boost demand in a sector where sales had shrunk for two consecutive years. While that relief was until the end of June, the current BJP-led government extended the cut to end-December. But before that announcement came, sales had jumped in June as people expected the tax relief to end in June. The industry posted this fiscal year's highest jump in sales at 15% in June, and auto makers are expecting a similar experience in December.
Since the government is yet to make it clear whether it would continue with the relief or scrap it, senior executives of car companies say they have no option but to maximise production in December to create a buffer and meet any possible spurt in demand, as was the case in June. Excise tax is paid on the products dispatched from factories and that means the cars sent to dealerships before the year-end will escape from higher tax even if the government doesn't extend the deadline.
Honda Cars India - the fastest-growing carmaker in the country, selling 45% more cars so far in this fiscal year - too has put the pedal to the metal on high demand for its newly launched models. "We have a long waiting period on certain models and have increased production to meet customer demand. The market has been good for us with strong customer inquiries," said senior vicepresident for sales and marketing Jnaneshwar Sen.
Honda has recently added new shifts to its production plant at Tapukara in Rajasthan to increase output of high-demand cars like the City and Amaze sedans. Several manufacturers are building up stocks to maintain a healthy inventory. According to an auto analyst, the industry is still under pressure as the expected economic recovery has been delayed.
"The market has just started rebounding and we are observing uplift in overall sentiment as seen in the past two quarters. We think if the government rolls back this extended support in the current scenario, it will be a huge setback for the stressed market and any possible revival won't be on expected lines," said Amit Kaushik , principal analyst for autos at consultancy firm IHS Automotive . "There is a need for extension of the stimulus of lower excise duty as market demand is under pressure," Hyundai's Srivastava said.

Centre to divest 5% in Dredging CorporationCentre to divest 5% in Dredging Corporation
India most attractive destination to invest: BofA chiefBank of America
(Moynihan joins a list…)
MUMBAI: India is now the best-placed economy among global investment destinations as it emerges from a decade low slump to ride a wave of enthusiasm generated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's image as a leader focused on execution, said Brian Moynihan , chairman & chief executive of Bank of America, the second-biggest US lender.
"The story in India is a relatively stronger story," Moynihan told ETin an interview. "They have a clear view of what they want to accomplish. They realise it takes work and takes detailed plans and implementation, which is good because that is what it does take. I run a big company and know that you have to have execution plans."
Moynihan joins a list of global CEOs encouraged by the new government that came to power in May with the strongest mandate in three decades. Modi's reform pledges, empowering of bureaucrats, attempts to clean up a corrupt system and demanding performance from ministers have been cheered by industry. McKinsey & Co CEO Dominic Barton said in an interview to ET last month that he has resumed advising clients to invest in India after a two-year gap.
Businesses in India and abroad are looking for the promised changes to take place as peer nations go through a rough patch because of political troubles or due to the collapse in commodity prices. "Going through the BRICS, the Brazil story is not a strong one," said Moynihan, who turned around the fortunes of Bank of America after the credit crisis nearly sank the lender. "In the last couple of years, Russia has also weakened.
Even on a broader scale, the story here is a new government with a lot of enthusiasm behind (it) and the people's confidence building and coming out of a trough. That story is not exactly the same in a lot of other places." Unlike many global banks, Bank of America, which is celebrating its 50th year in India, is keen on abiding by RBI's subsidiarising proposal.
Doing too much for ourselves: Moynihan
Bank of America will abide by RBI's subsidiarising proposal even though this could bring down efficiency levels, Moynihan said. The central bank wants overseas lenders to set up subsidiaries in India to have similar rights as local lenders, particularly when it comes to such issues as expanding branch net works.
"I can see that it makes life easier (for the regulator) but on the other hand it makes it less efficient and therefore getting less efficient means it cannot supply as much capital to the market. But if they make the decision to move forward, then that is the rule we play by," said Moynihan.
He said talk of higher capital needs and regulations stifling innovation is baseless and that parts of the financial services industry have been enriching themselves instead of serving clients. "I do not think it will have the impact on financial innovation that has customer purposes," said Moynihan. "I do not think the innovation is financing structures and stuff like that. We are doing too much for ourselves and not enough for our customers."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sending every deal to every share holder is a part of efhicswhat a sh...Platinum Member
346 Followers
I remember you are in TM and have you got messages then and there when TM signs new orders?Here i was attracted on comments from Jay indicating tanls is the best ETHICs just for misguiding innocent ones.jay is my good friend
In reply to : ashuragini message
8.03 AM Dec 8th

Moon --1 month earth -12 months  sun -300 cr month --------wait fr jan...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Iam not in lottery deals and is none of your business to quote on me p...Gold Member
27 Followers
Tanla`s Market capital is 160 Crores, where as Infosys Market Capital is 2,37,699 Crores.. so if there is any deal that is worth almost the market capital of Infosys, I am sure even Infosys will inform about it... common sense.

It is more like gamble to buy now because it can be up or down sharplyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Who was the hottest woman of 2014by IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News 1:07 mins
49,500 views
Deepika Padukone may be ruling the box office however, it seems her charm has failed to cast magic over her fans as Katrina Kaif has defeated her to get the title of hottest woman of this year. In a poll conducted by a leading magazine, Katrina has as the hottest woman of 2014.
Link

Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation  IIP data eyed: ExpertsDec 07, 2014, 03.00 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Mkts may see profit-booking; CPI, IIP data eyed: Experts
Over the past week, the benchmark Sensex fell by nearly 236 points to 28,458.10, -- logging its first weekly drop in seven weeks. Last month, the index had gained 828.16 points to hit its all-time high of 28,822.37 on November 28.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mkts may see profit-booking; CPI, IIP data eyed: Experts
Over the past week, the benchmark Sensex fell by nearly 236 points to 28,458.10, -- logging its first weekly drop in seven weeks. Last month, the index had gained 828.16 points to hit its all-time high of 28,822.37 on November 28.
Post your opinion here
Indian stocks could see volatility in the near-term as investors take cues from inflation and
factory output numbers next week, say experts.
Besides, foreign investor activity, movement of rupee against US dollar and crude oil price would continue to set the tone for trading.
"This week would be a crucial one since participants would be eyeing the release of consumer price index data for November on December 12. On the same day, market would also be awaiting the release of IIP data for October," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities. 
Further, participants would also be keeping a track of development taking place in the ongoing winter session of Parliament, which commenced on November 24 and is set to conclude on December 23, he added. 
Over the past week, the benchmark Sensex fell by nearly 236 points to 28,458.10, -- logging its first weekly drop in seven weeks. Last month, the index had gained 828.16 points to hit its all-time high of 28,822.37 on November 28. 
Traders said that investors would remain eye further policy announcements.
"Movement of index in near term will consistently remain on further reform initiatives to be taken in the ongoing winter session, IIP, CPI data expected to be announced on Friday," said Vivek Gupta, CMT, Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research.
Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio said, "After a week of consolidation, we expect the markets to see some profit bookings in the coming 1-2 trading sessions. 
"Market has given positive response to the SAIL offer for sale which shows, retail risk appetite is still intact. Market optimism and continued FII flows would continue to keep the
markets intact," he added.

Australia ready to inflict pain on India: WatsonTest cricket
Australia might still be mourning the tragic loss of Phillip Hughes but all-rounder Shane Watson on Sunday said his team will be ready to dish out aggressive cricket and inflict pain on India when the opening Test gets underway in Adelaide on Tuesday.
The 33-year-old allrounder said last week has been the most challenging phase for the team but he believed that his side will play with the same aggression as in the past and avenge their 0-4 loss to India last year.
“We’ve played our best cricket when we are aggressive. That’s ever since I’ve been involved in the Australian cricket team. We are aggressive with bat and ball, especially with the ball as we were during the last Ashes series. That’s not going to change because that’s when we’re at our absolute best,” Watson told reporters on Sunday.
“We know what we have to do to do well against the Indians. They hammered us in their conditions so we have a lot to give back to them in our conditions. They certainly let us know that they were on top of us in that series.
“We need to make sure we start off well in that series and stay strong to make sure they feel a similar pain as we did over in India,” he added.
India had inflicted a 4-0 loss on Australia the last time the teams met in India in February-March 2013. That was in reply to the 4-0 hammering they had received on their last tour Down Under in 2011-12.
The hosts, who have resumed training last Friday, are currently recovering from the shock death of their team-mate Hughes who was struck by a bouncer from Sean Abbott in a Sheffield Shield game on November 24. He died two days late in a Sydney hospital.
“Mentally I’m slowly getting there. Physically, I feel ready to go. There’s no doubt that mentally the last couple of days have been the most challenging of my career. After seeing what happened over the last week, trying to process everything that’s happened, being there at the SCG when it happened as well, it’s been a mentally challenging time but I’ll be ready for Tuesday,” Watson said.
“Everyone is going through the process in their own way and everyone is handling it as well as they possibly can. But it’s been a big challenge to be able to just continue to try and put the memories that I have got — that are very much in the front of my mind -- to move it back a little bit in my mind and trust what I do as a batsman,” Watson said.
“I know everyone’s going to be in the same boat as well.
It’s not just the guys who were that at the SCG, it’s for everyone around the world,” he added.
Watson, along with Brad Haddin, Nathan Lyon and David Warner, were part of that ill—fated New South Wales versus South Australia game when Hughes was injured by a bouncer and never recovered.
His death saw an outpouring of emotion across Australia and indeed the whole sporting world, and as a result, the Test series was rescheduled with the first Test moving from Brisbane to Adelaide.
“Growing up, you never expect anything to this extent -- what happened to Phillip. I know it sent shock waves around the world, because we just love playing the game and you don’t expect to lose a little mate on the way,” said Watson about the tragic circumstance.
When asked if he was confident that the entire first eleven will be on the field for Australia, the all—rounder replied, “Yeah I am. Everyone’s progressing well. Some guys have been a bit more affected than others. But every session we’re out there you can see that everyone’s starting to gradually find their feet and get back to what we like doing.”
The Australian team got together on Thursday and since Friday have been preparing for the Test match, gradually increasing their intensity in training.
Skipper Michael Clarke is also expected to play the first Test as he has nearly overcome his troublesome left hamstring and participated in all practice sessions so far.
“We’ve been incredibly well looked after from the moment the unfortunate circumstance happened with Phillip. NSW Cricket and Cricket Australia have made sure we have had great support. But it’s also more of an individual thing, to be able just to process it yourself. Everyone’s got different emotions from different stages of life you’re at as well. It’s about individualising it, and giving yourself enough time to process it and slowly building up,” Watson said.
“Getting back to cricket has helped the process. But it has been tough as well. The first couple of sessions were tough and especially the first one was really tough. A few things flooded into my head as soon as I went out to bat.
“I thought I’d processed quite well over the previous week. It’s been tough but it’s been a great thing to get back into the game we all love playing. We know how much Phillip and his family love the game as well.
“For us, to continue on with Hughes and his family’s legacy to make sure we continue to play the game we love because it’s enriched our lives so much,” he added.
The series will start with a highly emotional Test at the Adelaide Oval, Hughes’ adopted home ground and Watson said the last days in the run-up to the match have been most important.
“We needed this extra time to come together as a group and find our feet again after the tragedy that happened. So I think this has been an important four days lead-up to the Test match that I have ever been involved in with the Australian team because we have had to find out way through,” he said.
“So from the Test perspective there is no doubt that once we get out and find a great crowd -- there is always a great crowd here in Adelaide -- everyone’s competitive juices will be up and running. Especially after the last Test series we played in India, I have no doubt that everyone will be up and ready to go,” Watson signed off.

Uri attack aimed at civilian areas to disrupt polls: Armyact of terror
“Had (the counter-infiltration grid along the LoC failed) they could have attacked the civilian targets that they were looking for”
The Army on Sunday said the militants’ group, which carried out the attack on its Uri camp, was looking to hit civilian targets in order to create fear ahead of the third phase of Assembly polls in the State.
“(Either side of) the road between Baramulla and Uri is densely populated now. The aim must have been to come and strike at civilian targets to cause fear and disrupt the peaceful conditions ahead of the polls,” General Officer Commanding of Army’s 15 Corps Lt. General Subrata Saha told reporters in Srinagar.
Lt. Gen. Saha, however, dismissed assertions that the attacks were due to failure of the counter-infiltration grid along the Line of Control. “Had that been the case they could have attacked the civilian targets that they were looking for,” he added.
Eleven security personnel including eight soldiers were killed in the pre-dawn attack on the Army camp by militants, who had infiltrated from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, before all the six assailants were shot dead.
“They (militants) came and banged against this position of ours and where in a span of barely 60 odd metres, all the six terrorists were neutralised,” Lt. Gen. Saha said, adding “the fact they have been eliminated, the security grid has succeeded with a heavy price.”
Paying tribute to the soldiers and policemen killed in the operation, Lt. Gen. Saha said it is their brave fight that ensured that the attack on civilian targets was avoided and “any harm to innocent civilians, particularly during this period when elections are on, was avoided”.
Mohra, the scene of the deadly gun battle on Friday, is located 10 km from the Haji Peer Pass and Kamalkote, the nearest points on the LoC. There are several densely populated villages located between the Army camp targeted by the militants and the LoC.
The Army commander said there was enough evidence to show that the assailants were supported by the Pakistani establishment and that the attack and other incidents before it along the LoC in Kashmir were coordinated and synchronised.
“We have enough evidence that both the groups were from the Lashkar-e-Taiba. The markings on the war-like and logistics (storage) whether it is food, ammunition, medicines or clothes, clearly indicate that they were of Pakistani origin. The terrorists were heavily armed and they had enough food to last several days,” he said.
He said GPS recovered from the slain militants revealed that there is a staging area north of Jhelum on the other side of the LoC. “One infiltration took place in Tut Mari Gali (Nowgam sector) and one in Uri sector. I am not revealing the exact location (of the staging area) for obvious reasons,” he said.
Lt. Gen. Saha said the incidents in Nowgam sector, in which six militants and a JCO were killed, and in Uri sector were not routine infiltration attempts.
“To say it was a routine infiltration would be improper. The sequence in which the events have happened and if you see the numbers and levels of training that has gone in to preparing these people, it is not an ordinary infiltration. It is linked to the larger events that are taking place here,” he said, referring to elections and Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Srinagar on Monday.
He said the incidents that took place during the month of November indicate that there was a coordinated attempt from across the LoC to disrupt the electoral process in Kashmir.
“We had a ceasefire violation on November 8 in which a 17-year-old girl was killed and Army lost a brave soldier. After that we had three instances in which IEDs were recovered on November 10, 15 and 27. On November 23, 18 almost new AK-47 rifles and two pistols were recovered.
“Then in Tut Mari Gali on December 1/2, we had this operation in which six terrorists were killed and Army lost a junior commissioner officer. Then we had this operation in Uri sector in which six terrorists were killed. Army lost eight of its soldiers and JKP lost three of their men,” he added.
“The way in which all these incidents took place, one after the other — ceasefire violations, IEDs being pushed in and then weapons — it is obvious that these things cannot happen without any push and without a patron or coordination and synchronisation,” the Army commander said.
Lt. Gen. Saha said the militants killed in the two operations in the first week of the month were highly trained and capable of carrying out special operations.
“There is no doubt that they were highly trained terrorists. The TMG infiltration took place in high altitude and snowy conditions. To infiltrate in these conditions, one requires high level of physical fitness. The second operation on Mohra, they crossed Jhelum by foot, which obviously requires high level of training. I would say these terrorists were capable of special operations,” he said.
He pointed out that the incidents took place to coincide with various phases of elections in the State.
“These (attacks) are timed both in time and space. On November 25, first phase of elections (took place) and the voter turnout you are well aware of. November 26/27, Arnia happened (in Jammu). At that time international events were taking place (SAARC Summit). Then December 2, the second phase of elections which was happening in Kupwara and it is precisely from that area, Tut Mari Gali, the first operation takes place.
“Then the third phase of elections which goes into the area of Uri, Baramulla and that belt. That is where the infiltration is taking place. So if you see, it is quite well coordinated both in time and space,” he added.

Enough proof to show Pak hand in Uri attackNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
The Army today said it had enough evidence to show that the six terrorists who carried out the attack on an Army camp in Uri belonged to Lashkar-e-Toiba(LeT) and supported by Pakistani establishment and were highly trained for special operations.
It also said that the slain militants were looking to hit civilian targets to create fear ahead of the third of the five-phase polling in Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday.
General Officer Commanding(GoC) of Army’s 15 Corps Lt General Subrata Saha said the GPS recovered from the slain militants showed that there is a staging area north of Jhelum on the other side of Line of Contol(LoC).
“One infiltration took place in Tut Mari Gali (Nowgam Sector) and one in Uri sector. I am not revealing the exact location (of the staging area) for obvious reasons,” he told reporters.
Saha said the incidents in Nowgam sector, in which six militants and a JCO were killed, and in Uri sector on Friday were not routine infiltration attempts.
“To say it was a routine infiltration would be improper. The sequence in which the events have happened and if you see the numbers and levels of training that has gone in to preparing these people, it is not an ordinary infiltration. It is linked to the larger events that are taking place here,” he said, referring to ongoing elections and Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Srinagar tomorrow.
Eleven security personnel including eight soldiers were killed in the pre-dawn attack on the Army camp on Friday in Mohra in Uri sector by militants, who had infiltrated from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir(PoK), before all the six assailants were shot dead.
The army commander said there was enough evidence to show that the assailants were supported by the Pakistani establishment and that the attack and other incidents before it along the LoC in Kashmir were coordinated and synchronised.
“We have enough evidence that both the groups were from the Lashkar-e-Toiba. The markings on the warlike and logistic stores whether it is food, ammunition, medicines or clothes, clearly indicates that they were of Pakistani manufactured and origin. The terrorists were heavily armed and they had enough food to last several days,” he said.
He said the incidents that took place during the month of November indicate that there was a coordinated attempt from across the LoC to disrupt the electoral process in Kashmir.
Gen Saha said the militants killed in the two operations this month including the Uri attack were highly trained and capable of carrying out special operations.
“There is no doubt that they were highly trained terrorists. The TMG infiltration took place in high altitude and snowy conditions. To infiltrate in these conditions, one requires high level of physical fitness. The second operation on Mohra, they crossed Jhelum by foot, which obviously requires high level of training. I would say these terrorists were capable of special operations,” he said.
TAGS: Militants Attack Terrorism
More from miscellaneous

http://usat.ly/1q40Uvu5 things for investors to brace for in 2015
Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 11:59 p.m. EST December 11, 2014
Video Keywords S&P 500 market stability initial phase Biotech Google FaceBook
Dan Chung, CEO and chief investment officer of Alger, talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ during USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  Number one do you think the NASDAQ after fifteen years
00:07  we'll finally get back. To its old record high back in
00:10  the behaving at 2000. You know in this so what's driving
00:14  that and more importantly. What message will that new high beat
00:17  the market went it will will be the NASDAQ I'd be
00:20  viewed as. And the good side of the market stability healing
00:25  or will it be viewed. As yet you know a potential
00:28  and another sign. Day another bubble. That is you know ready
00:33  to burst and what you're taking anything remarkable react to that.
00:37  So I think the market will vest and an aspect particular
00:39  definitely. Test build on and I think it will go and
00:44  beyond it. On. I think the message actually is a very
00:48  positive wanted. Kind of powerful if you think it long sweeps
00:51  the time which is that while clearly below heights it reached
00:55  in the bubble. The initial phase of the Internet particular. Were
01:01  too early too fast too early. Bomb. But I find it
01:05  interesting that fifteen years later I think. The value in the
01:10  NASDAQ is a little higher than the S&P 500 but the
01:13  growth is also substantially higher. Driven of course by tech but
01:15  also been healthcare consumer which together are really 88% announced back.
01:21  On you know I looked at the sub components that the
01:23  NASDAQ carefully over the last couple weeks and there are many
01:26  parts of it including what's the biggest holding unit which is
01:29  apple which are not at all expensively values I think are
01:33  undervalued so. Armed and very confident that aspect of reached new
01:36  highs and I think witness over the last fifteen years says
01:38  is that. The idea that drove. The market to its highs
01:44  in the in the first phase. We're not in correct it
01:47  was simply hiding. Over the last fifteen years though these are
01:51  better companies that built that this has carefully. On a better
01:54  manage to beat of course have a new generation Google wasn't
01:57  part of that. Neither was FaceBook. But also for example in
02:02  the Biotech Kerry and farming area a lot of the drugs
02:05  that were not exciting early developments. Are now actually real products.
The 2014 USA TODAY Investment Roundtable contributors: Dan Chung, CEO and Chief Investment Officer at Alger; Savita Subramanian, head of U.S. Equity & Quantitative Strategy at BofA Merrill Lynch;  Rick Rieder, Chief Investment Officer of Fundamental Fixed Income at BlackRock; and Rupal Bhansali, Chief Investment Officer of International Equities at Ariel Investments in New York City, got together on Dec. 5, 2014.
(Photo: Todd Plitt, USA TODAY)
75 CONNECT 105 TWEET 16 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
What would finally make investors happy? The market has been making new highs almost daily this year and has tripled from its 2009 lows. Yet it's one of the most hated and distrusted bull markets, giving stocks a bad rap they don't deserve, say panelists at USA TODAY's 19th annual Investment Roundtable.
These strategists and money managers don't see danger from the markets, anything but. Practically universally, they agreed stocks are headed higher in 2015, although they expect a bumpier ride amid a jump in market volatility. And while stocks might not chalk up another year of double-digit percentage gains, investors will be glad they stayed in the market, these analysts say.
That's just one of the major takeaways from USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable held Friday in New York. USA TODAY will roll out continued coverage of the 2015 Investment Roundtable next week. Details, including stock picks and other detailed forecasts, are forthcoming. But investors who can't wait that long can chew on the five key points, including:
•The market will continue to plow higher. Stocks might not be as cheap as they were a few years ago, but there's plenty of room to make new highs, says Dan Chung, chief investment officer at Alger Funds, who called this "one of the most hated bull markets in equities of all time." Investors will just have to be more selective in picking spots in the market that still have plenty of upside left, says Rupal Bhansali, chief investment officer of international equities at Ariel Investments.
•Higher rates aren't a bull killer. It's likely the Federal Reserve will raise short-term rates, currently pegged between 0% and 0.25%, to 1% next year, says Rick Rieder, chief investment officer of fundamental fixed income at BlackRock. But that's still "incredibly accommodating," he says. The key to the market's reaction will be the pace at which the Fed hikes rates. But Rieder expects the Fed's moves to be measured and says there are other forces in play that should keep long-term interest rates from spiking sharply. Short-term rates will continue to trade south of 2% for at least a couple of years, he adds.
This file photo shows a Wall Street sign near the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) building in New York.
(Photo: JEWEL SAMAD, AFP/Getty Images)
•Nasdaq is going to see more action. If there's been one blemish on this bull market it's that the Nasdaq remains the last major stock index to be unable to notch a new record high. But that will change next year, says Chung, who predicts the tech-focused stock index will finally take out its March 10, 2000, record close of 5048.62. Stocks in the Nasdaq are in much better health now than they were in 2000. Much lower valuations and improved profitability — not to mention companies such as Google that weren't even publicly traded companies 15 years ago — will finally put the Nasdaq on new high ground, Chung says.
•Rise of volatility. The panelists agreed that while market gains might be modestly upward, they won't be easy. Chung says he wouldn't be surprised to see periods of intense volatility next year, not unlike the biotech-stock drubbing in early 2014 and the nearly 10% broad market decline in the fall. But that's why these stock pickers think that stock picking will be more important in 2015. "Volatility is an opportunity," says Bhansali. For instance, she thinks that many health care companies will find demand for their services to be so great that earnings will benefit.
•It's not a risk-free market. Stocks have room to run, but there are still concerns. Many equity and fixed-income investors, for example, have been piling into the same trades, which increases the risks of losses if those trades reverse. Many investors, for example, are shorting short-term interest rates, going long the U.S. dollar and building long positions in shorter maturity European bonds, according to Rieder. "You have to diversify like crazy," he says. Similarly, some panelists worry that investors that have rushed into bond-like stocks — such as high-dividend-paying stocks and utilities -- might be paying too much.
One big worry for foreign-stock focused Bhansali is China. She fears the real estate bubble there led to an overload of debt — one that the government might find itself on the hook for, she says. Big debt binges tend to end badly, and that's a concern for China. Growth in China and India is especially important, since that could be the needed antidote to sluggish growth in Europe, Chung says.
But despite these risks, stocks are the place to be, Bhansali says. "There is a scarcity of growth and yield in the world," she says. "Get the best of both worlds from the equity market," where many stocks yield more than 10-year U.S. government bonds.
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Wall Street's stock market S&P 500 NASDAQ
David Callaway, editor in chief of USA TODAY, talks about USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  Hi I'm David Callaway is editor in chief of USA
00:05  today. The US stock market is poised to finish 2014. With
00:10  one of its best years ever with the Dow Jones Industrial
00:13  Average and the S&P 500 index setting record after record. And
00:17  the NASDAQ poised to recapture levels that hasn't seen in fifteen
00:21  years. Against that backdrop. USA today has convened for Wall Street's
00:27  most successful market strategists. Ports and nineteenth annual investment roundtable. To
00:32  tell you what they expect it's gonna happen next year to
00:35  year investments we help you like it.
75 CONNECT 105 TWEET 16 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A19VW3
USA TODAY INVESTMENT ROUNDTABLE 2015

FM plans Rs 13k-cr carrot to clear GST bottlenecksFM dangles Rs 13k-cr carrot to clear GST bottlenecks
Vrishti Beniwal | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 12:59 AM IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who is meeting state finance ministers on Thursday to garner support for the Constitution Amendment Bill for a goods & services tax (GST), is likely to immediately dole out about Rs 13,000 crore in Central Sales Tax (CST) compensation to states.
The minister, even as he is walking the tightrope to contain the government’s fiscal deficit, might propose to clear about a third of states’ Rs 34,000-crore CST dues in the first supplementary demand for grants, to be tabled in the current Parliament session, officials said.
The empowered committee of state finance ministers is to discuss the draft Constitution Amendment Bill for implementation of GST at their meeting on Thursday. Later that day, Jaitley will meet the state FMs and try to reach a broad understanding on crucial issues. That will be against the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Sunday meeting with chief ministers where he emphasised the need for states’ greater role in the proposed body to replace the Planning Commission.
“We have shared the draft Constitution Amendment Bill with the empowered committee. The matter will be handled at the political level now,” said a finance ministry official who did not wish to be named.
Among the states earlier opposed to the proposed GST regime, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat have relented since a Modi-led government took charge at the Centre in May this year. In two other major states, Maharashtra and Haryana, Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party has replaced the Congress at the helm of governments after the recent Assembly polls there. Tamil Nadu was a dissenting state but it is expected to mellow down after the Centre recently gave relief to J Jayalalithaa, chief of the ruling All-India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam there, in an old income-tax case.
Though consuming states will benefit from a destination-based tax, West Bengal might still not extend its support to the Bill easily, given the recent war of words between Mamata Banerjee, that state’s chief minister, and BJP President Amit Shah. It is important for the government to have the Trinamool Congress on its side, as the BJP-led ruling coalition does not have the required number of members to get the Bill passed in the Rajya Sabha.
“States will press their demand to keep fuel outside the ambit of GST. The Centre’s suggestion on keeping petroleum products zero-rated under GST will not work. If petroleum is subsumed, states cannot get CST on inter-state movement. Integrated GST gives revenue to the consuming state, while CST gives it to the originating state,” said a state government official.
ALL ON BOARD?
Among states that were opposing GST earlier, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat have relented since a Modi-led govt came to power at the Centre in May this year
In Maharashtra and Haryana, BJP has replaced Congress at the helm of the state govts after recent polls
Tamil Nadu, another dissenting state, might change stance after the Centre recently gave relief to AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa in an old income-tax case
Bengal could still not extend its support to the Bill easily, given the recent war of words between Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and BJP President Amit Shah
It is important for the govt to have Banerjee’s Trinamool Congress on board, as NDA does not have the required numbers to get the Bill passed in the Rajya Sabha
Though the Centre seems firm on its decision to subsume petroleum and entry taxes in GST, with a provision for first tranche of CST compensation, Jaitley is likely to assure states the Centre will compensate them for three years’ losses under GST as well, even without a provision for that in the Constitution.
After the previous two finance ministers refused to release CST compensation till states extended their cooperation on GST, Jaitley promised to clear the dues over a period of three years.
The central government wants to table the Bill in the current Parliament session, so that GST can be implemented from April 2016. The Bill is important for the government, especially at a time when industry is beginning to complain about the lack of crucial reforms even six months after the change of power at the Centre.
“If they do not present the Constitution Amendment Bill in this session, GST will not happen,” said Harishanker Subramaniam, partner, EY. He, however, added it was equally important to bring out a GST with minimum exemptions. So, petroleum products, property, entry taxes and even alcohol should be subsumed in a GST.
As a robust information technology (IT) infrastructure would be the backbone of GST, as highlighted by the prime minister several times, the finance ministry has also started assessing IT preparedness of states. Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das is planning a meeting on the issue on Wednesday.

Great Leaks: 10 years of shaping future leadersHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Uruguay accepts six Guantanamo prisoners for resettlementDec 07, 2014, 11.46 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Uruguay accepts six Guantanamo prisoners for resettlement
USA-GUANTANAMO:Uruguay accepts six Guantanamo prisoners for resettlement
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Uruguay accepts six Guantanamo prisoners for resettlement
USA-GUANTANAMO:Uruguay accepts six Guantanamo prisoners for resettlement
Post your opinion here
 
By Matt Spetalnick
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Six men held for more than a decade at the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, were flown to Uruguay for resettlement on Sunday, the latest step in a slow-moving push by President Barack Obama's administration to close the facility.
The release of four Syrians, a Tunisian and a Palestinian, who arrived in South America aboard a U.S. military transport plane, represented the largest single group to leave the internationally condemned U.S. detention camp since 2009, U.S. officials said.
The jail was opened by Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States, to house terrorism suspects rounded up overseas. Most have been held for a decade or more without being charged or tried.
Obama took office nearly six years ago promising to shut the prison, citing its damage to America's image around the world. But he has been unable to do so, partly because of obstacles posed by the U.S. Congress.
The latest transfer of prisoners to Uruguay had been delayed for months. A move initially planned earlier this year was apparently held up by the Defense Department.
Differences over the pace of such transfers, said one U.S. official, added to friction between Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Obama's inner circle, culminating in Hagel's resignation last month.
The release of the six was put off again in August when Uruguay became concerned about domestic political risks in the run-up to its October presidential election. But outgoing President Jose Mujica then pressed ahead with the transfer.
Mujica has said that he would welcome the former prisoners as refugees and "free men". Uruguay's president elect, the ruling party's Tabare Vazquez, who assumes power on March 1, has said he also supports hosting the men as a humanitarian gesture.
Upon their arrival in Montevideo, they were taken to a hospital for medical examinations, the U.S. official said.
"We are very grateful to Uruguay for this important humanitarian action," said Clifford Sloan, Obama's State Department envoy on Guantanamo, who negotiated the resettlement deal in January. "The support we are receiving from our friends and allies is critical to achieving our shared goal of closing Guantanamo, and this transfer is a major milestone."
Seven other prisoners have been transferred from Guantanamo since early November, including three to Georgia, two to Slovakia, one to Saudi Arabia and one to Kuwait. With Sunday's release, the prisoner population has been whittled down to 136.
CLEARED FOR TRANSFER
The detainees released on Sunday were cleared for release long ago and are not regarded as security threats. But U.S. authorities did not want to send them home, saying countries such as Syria, where a civil war is raging, were too risky.
Among the Syrians sent to Uruguay was Jihad Diyab, who recently mounted a legal challenge against the U.S. military's force-feeding of hunger strikers at Guantanamo. A lawyer for Diyab, Cori Crider, said on Sunday the case to release video tapes of the force-feeding would continue despite the transfer.
The Pentagon identified the other Syrians as Ahmed Adnan Ahjam, Ali Hussain Shaabaan and Omar Mahmoud Faraj. Also released were a Tunisian, Abdul Bin Mohammed Abis Ourgy, and a Palestinian, Mohammed Tahanmatan.
It was unclear if the men will be allowed to travel abroad. Uruguay's foreign ministry said on Sunday that it would adhere to international rules on humanitarian protection.
The U.S. official said Uruguay agreed to "security arrangements" and that the six would be "free men". But he declined to say whether they would be allowed to travel abroad.
Mujica, a former leftist guerrilla jailed during a 1973-1985 military dictatorship, has called the prison a "disgrace". He had urged Washington to free three imprisoned Cuban spies as a reciprocal gesture, but U.S. authorities said this was never part of the negotiations for accepting the Guantanamo detainees.
Human rights activists praised Uruguay's willingness to take in Guantanamo detainees.
"It would be an amazing act of generosity and commitment to human rights if other Latin American countries did the same," said campaign group The Washington Office on Latin America.
More detainees are expected to be repatriated or sent to countries other than their homelands by year-end, the U.S. official said.
Signaling White House frustration with Hagel's handling of Guantanamo transfers, Obama's national security adviser, Susan Rice, took the unusual step of sending him a memo in May urging him to streamline the process, the official said. Ashton Carter, Obama's nominee to replace Hagel, could face similar pressure.
But Obama still faces major obstacles, among the biggest being the Yemeni detainees who make up more than half of the inmate population, with most cleared for transfer but unable to return home due to the chaotic security situation in Yemen.
There are concerns in Washington that some might return to the battlefield. Yemen is the base for an al Qaeda affiliate that was the target on Saturday of a U.S. hostage rescue attempt, which ended with an American journalist and a South African teacher being killed by their captors.
(Additional reporting by Malena Castaldi in Montevideo and Ayesha Rascoe in Washington; Editing by Raissa Kasolowsky and Greg Mahlich)
ADS BY GOOGLE

Sushma pushes for declaring Bhagwad Gita as national scripture  faces opposition s wrathDec 07, 2014 at  11:11pm IST
Sushma pushes for declaring Bhagwad Gita as national scripture, faces opposition's wrath
8
0
New Delhi: After Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, another BJP leader and Union Minister has come under fire for her comments. This time it is External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj who is drawing severe criticism for her remark over Bhagwad Gita being declared as "Rashtriya Granth" (national scripture).
Speaking at Gita Prerna Utsav, Swaraj said, "I have put a proposal in Parliament that Gita be made our national book."
The Congress has called the comments provocative. "It is deliberate provocation. Out of the blue MEA has chosen to speak about this. It's an attempt of diversionary tactic," said senior party leader Manish Tewari while speaking to CNN-IBN.
Speaking at Gita Prerna Utsav, Swaraj said, "I have put a proposal in Parliament that Gita be made our national book."
#sushma swaraj #gita #national holy book #bjp
Meanwhile, firebrand leader Mamata Banerjee hit out at the BJP leader saying that the Constitution was the "holy book" in a democracy. "Our Constitution says India is a secular country. The Constitution is the Holy Book in a democracy," said the TMC boss.
133

Gujarat: Woman allegedly raped inside public toilet by attendant101
0
Ahmedabad: A 40-year-old woman was allegedly raped inside a public toilet in the Memnagar area of Ahmedabad city by an attendant on Sunday evening, the police said.
After learning about the incident, Ghatlodia police detained the toilet attendant, who is the prime suspect, who would be formally arrested after the woman's statement is taken.
The woman has been admitted to the Sola Civil Hospital, since she sustained internal injuries and fell unconscious, Ghatlodia police inspector A G Gohil said.
When she went to the toilet, the attendant allegedly stormed inside the toilet and raped her, which resulted in internal injuries.
#crime against women #gujarat #public toilet #rape
Investigation revealed that the victim is a widow and lives in the Memnagar area who used the public toilet facility near her house since the past few days. "We learned that the attendant had been teasing her ever since she began using that toilet facility," Gohil said.
When she went to the toilet, the attendant allegedly stormed inside the toilet and raped her, which resulted in internal injuries. After hearing her cries, locals rushed to the spot and called the police. They also nabbed another attendant and handed him over to police.
"However, the accused fled the spot before people could catch him. Later, we nabbed him based on details given by another attendant. The woman is now being treated at Sola Civil Hospital," Gohil, who is probing the case said.
36

Crossing the line: Mamata takes the lead in use of foul languageComments
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language use.
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee addresses a TMC party meeting at Kalyani in Nadia district of West Bengal. (PTI Photo)
The latest episode happened a day after the CBI arrested Srinjoy Bose, Trinamool Congress MP.
While speaking to party workers on November 22, the CM said, “Ke tumi salla? Naam jane na keu. (Who are you bugger? No one knows your name),” while targeting a BJP leader.
On December 3, Banerjee once again crossed limits of decency in speech: “Nijeyra kortey pareyni, jara korchhey sharakkhon tadeyr pechhoney ki korey bamboo dewa jay tar chinta korey jachhey. (They couldn’t themselves work for the people, they are always trying to figure out how to shove bamboos up the... of those who are doing it).”
“Mamata is feeling threatened, and therefore, resorting to such language and behaviour,” BJP national secretary Siddharth Nath Singh claimed.
In June, TMC MP Tapas Paul had threatened to unleash his boys and rape women supporters of CPI(M). Food minister Jyotipriyo Mullick also asked his supporters to socially boycott CPI(M) workers, and even treat them as one treats venomous snakes.

Roger rocks! IPTL off to flying start as India falls for Federer showprint
The banners were out, the RF shirts and caps could be found in plenty, screaming fans all shouting in unison - Roger, Roger, Roger. There could be no doubt about it. Everyone was at the Indira Gandhi Stadium in New Delhi on Sunday for one man and one man only.
As the 17-time Grand Slam champion was introduced to the crowd at the beginning of the tie, screams drowned even the loud music. Many found it hard to believe but, yes, it was indeed Roger Federer who walked out.
A young fan could barely contain her excitement as she whipped out her phone. “I have to take a Federer-selfie,” she shouts. Her friends follow suit.
Sania Mirza and Roger Federer share a light moment while playing for Indian Aces in their International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) mixed doubles match in Delhi. (Mohd Zakir/HT Photo)
In September, when the organisers announced that the Swiss master had agreed to replace Rafael Nadal in the league, fans could hardly believe it. Social media was abuzz as to how one could get his hands on tickets. How often do you get a chance to see the world No 2 at home? But there had been a lot of ambiguity about his participation. When he didn’t turn up for the Indian Aces matches in Manila and Singapore, the first two legs of the IPTL, many wondered if Federer would show up in India.
“I agreed to play here (IPTL) quite recently but I was clear about how many days I would be able to give to it. Training is important, as is vacation and spending time with my family… After talking with Mahesh (Bhupathi)… these few days (the December 6-8 India leg) fit perfectly,” clarified Federer, after winning all his three matches against the Singapore Slammers.
He first paired up with Sania Mirza in probably his fourth mixed doubles match ever. “I’ve earlier played with Martina Navratilova, Martina Hingis and my wife (Mirka),” claimed the 33-year-old. He then teamed up with Rohan Bopanna for the doubles before downing old foe Tomas Berdych in the singles. “I’m tired now,” he joked drawing laughter all around.
The Swiss great termed the newly created IPTL an "exhibition", stating that he preferred the game was played on the professional tour.
While all players have been happy to call the IPTL a fun but very tough competition, the recent Davis Cup champion was clear to dismiss the notion. “The format is interesting. It’s fun and somewhat competitive... it definitely has a place on the tour but it will not replace the tour,” Federer said.
Does the league help in off-season preparations as many of the participating stars have claimed it does? “It helps in overall match play in the off season. One can try new things, it gives ideas. But when you actually try the ideas in practice, that is motivational inspiration from the exhibition tour,” he explained.
Video: Playing in India is a cool moment in my career, says Federer
Federer lukewarm on IPTL rules
Federer, however, gave a lukewarm response to the IPTL rules after making his debut.
"My mind was definitely scrambling trying to remember all the rules," a smiling Federer told reporters.
With its emphasis on speed, fun and noise, an IPTL tie comprises five one-set shootouts in men's and women's singles, men's and mixed doubles and a past champions match with the team that wins the most games, not sets, declared the winner.
Additional features include a 20-second serve clock, a 'Happiness Power Point' in which a point is worth double once per set, no advantages, no lets, coaching timeouts and a five-minute shootout if a match is tied at 5-5.
In fun mode
A laughing and joking Federer downed Czech world number seven Tomas Berdych in the new team competition's third leg.
The normally composed and focused Federer was clearly enjoying himself during his three matches in front of Indian fans including Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan and cricketing great Sunil Gavaskar.
After winning his doubles and mixed doubles matches with Indian teammates Sania Mirza and Rohan Bopanna, Federer celebrated with a courtside dance, before teammate France's Gael Monfils joined in.
(With Agency inputs)

Sahara on selling spreeSahara on selling spree
Are we in for a correction Traders build bearish betsAngel Broking
(The volatility index, which…)
MUMBAI: Is the market poised for a correction? Some seasoned options traders, who watch sentiment indicators in equity derivatives closely, are building bearish bets on the Nifty as volatility expectations are near all-time lows. When implied volatility — a measure of traders' expectations of near-term risks based on options value — drops, it means very few traders are anticipating a drop in the market. But when implied volatility drops to lows, the experienced on Dalal Street see it as a sign of a possible reversal in sentiment.
The volatility index (VIX), which measures the implied volatility (IV) of Nifty options, fell to 11.95 on Friday. It hit a low of 11.56 on September 22. From the day the VIX hit this level, the Nifty corrected almost 5 per cent in a month. Simultaneously, this gauge also jumped to 16.4 per cent. Typically, the market and VIX move in opposite directions. The index has largely moved between 12 and 16 in the last three months.
Analysts said cautious traders have made a mental note of the decline in VIX, coupled with the heavy creation of positions in Nifty options.
"The market is heavier on the long side and IVs (implied volatilities) are near alltime lows. It is a clear sign that people have become complacent. The market has very little legs to go ahead," said Siddarth Bhamre, head, derivatives, Angel Broking .
"We are advising clients to build some shorts in the Nifty." Total open interest in Nifty options on Friday was close to 22.8 crore while it was 9.8 crore on the same day last month. Analysts said it is unusual to see such a sizeable position build-up earlier in the series.
"Some of the options data points are worrisome. There is too much optimism in the market. But nobody really knows whether the markets will come down," said V Balasubramanian, senior fund manager, IDBI Mutual Fund .
The consensus does not believe that a correction is in the offing because of the unabated flows from foreign and domestic institutional investors though stock valuations have turned pricey. Foreign portfolio inflows have slowed a bit in December so far, but that has not dampened the sentiment yet. "As long as there is no major supply of paper, IVs are likely to remain low. There is a lot of money flowing from domestic institutions," said Nilesh Shah, managing director and chief executive of Axis Capital .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 6 cos lose Rs 54 053 cr in market valuationTop six companies lose Rs 54,053 crore in market valuation
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 10.01PM IST
Tags:
HDFC bank
(While TCS, ONGC, RIL, Infosys,…)
NEW DELHI: Weakness in the stock market led six of the top-10 most valued companies lose Rs 54,053 crore in market valuation last week, with IT majors TCS and Infosys taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, ONGC , RIL, Infosys, SBI and HDFC Bank saw decline in their market capitalisation (m-cap) for the week ended on Friday, December 5, ITC, CIL, ICICI Bank and HUL made gains.
The m-cap of TCS tumbled Rs 12,663.17 crore to reach Rs 5,05,048.22 crore. Rival Infosys' valuation plunged Rs 12,624.58 crore, to Rs 2,37,699.32 crore.
ONGC's market cap tanked Rs 11,678.24 crore and was at Rs 3,13,002.61 crore, while RIL lost Rs 10,698.27 crore to Rs 3,09,822.54 crore.
Similarly, HDFC Bank's valuation dipped Rs 3,551.75 crore to Rs 2,27,771.10 crore and SBI lost Rs 2,836.98 crore to Rs 2,37,148.94 crore.
On the other hand, the m-cap of ITC surged Rs 22,722.38 crore to Rs 3,12,642.30 crore, while HUL gained Rs 7,218.56 crore to Rs 1,77,371.56 crore.
ICICI Bank's valuation rose by Rs 4,979.57 crore to reach Rs 2,08,109.93 crore, and CIL added Rs 1,073.78 crore to touch Rs 2,25,146.81 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at the numero- uno position, followed by ONGC, ITC, RIL, Infosys, SBI, HDFC Bank, CIL, ICICI Bank and HUL.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex fell by 235.89 points or 0.82 per cent to conclude at 28,458.10.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maldives water crisis: Restoration of supply to cost $20 millionMaldives water crisis: Restoration of supply to cost $20 million
Rams Coach taunts Redskins during pre-game coin flipBy Dan Steinberg December 7 Follow @dcsportsbog
(Vine)
Rams Coach Jeff Fisher was fairly gracious when asked about the 2012 trade with the Redskins last week.
“At the time, it was a good decision for them, and it was a good decision for us,” Fisher told D.C. reporters . “So, both sides were happy.”
The coach also went out of his way to praise Robert Griffin III, insisting the third-year quarterback has just scratched the surface of his career .
But Fisher also talked repeatedly about the bounty of players the Rams acquired as a result of the trade, saying the club was “able to shape our roster way beyond just the actual picks that we got from them.”
And to drive home that point, Fisher sent six of those players out for Sunday’s pre-game coin flip.
Fisher w/a little sense of humor. He sent Jenkins, Brockers, Stacy, Bailey, Robinson, Ogletree out for pregame coin toss at FedEx.
— Jim Thomas (@jthom1) December 7, 2014
What's the meaning of all that? All six were acquired as result of the RGIII trade.
— Jim Thomas (@jthom1) December 7, 2014
BTW, today's Rams coin toss captains were the six active roster players the team acquired using picks from the 2012 RG3 trade.
— Nick Wagoner (@nwagoner) December 7, 2014
The Redskins helpfully included footage of the coin flip on social media; you can see Alex Ogletree (52), Michael Brockers (90), Janoris Jenkins (21), Stedman Baily (12), Greg Robinson (79) and Zac Stacy (30) shaking hands with the Washington captains before the game.
The networks, of course, weren’t shy about discussing that trade, either.
Clip n' save. pic.twitter.com/OUoep9l4jw
— Steve Czaban (@czabe) December 7, 2014
https://twitter.com/NFLonFOX/status/541668233317580800/photo/1

Pilots may desert troubled SpiceJetPilots may desert troubled SpiceJet
Final call on $ 1 billion loan to Adani in 3 months: SBIFinal call on $ 1 billion loan to Adani in 3 months: SBI
Japan Nov bank loans rise 2.7 pct vs year agoJapan Nov bank loans rise 2.7 pct vs year ago
Japan manufacturers  mood down as economy back in recession: Reuters TankanJapan manufacturers  mood down as economy back in recession: Reuters Tankan
After Modi s ascension  India attractive place to invest: BofA chiefBank of America
(Moynihan joins a list…)
MUMBAI: India is now the best-placed economy among global investment destinations as it emerges from a decade low slump to ride a wave of enthusiasm generated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's image as a leader focused on execution, said Brian Moynihan , chairman & chief executive of Bank of America, the second-biggest US lender.
"The story in India is a relatively stronger story," Moynihan told ETin an interview. "They have a clear view of what they want to accomplish. They realise it takes work and takes detailed plans and implementation, which is good because that is what it does take. I run a big company and know that you have to have execution plans."
Moynihan joins a list of global CEOs encouraged by the new government that came to power in May with the strongest mandate in three decades. Modi's reform pledges, empowering of bureaucrats, attempts to clean up a corrupt system and demanding performance from ministers have been cheered by industry. McKinsey & Co CEO Dominic Barton said in an interview to ET last month that he has resumed advising clients to invest in India after a two-year gap.
Businesses in India and abroad are looking for the promised changes to take place as peer nations go through a rough patch because of political troubles or due to the collapse in commodity prices. "Going through the BRICS, the Brazil story is not a strong one," said Moynihan, who turned around the fortunes of Bank of America after the credit crisis nearly sank the lender. "In the last couple of years, Russia has also weakened.
Even on a broader scale, the story here is a new government with a lot of enthusiasm behind (it) and the people's confidence building and coming out of a trough. That story is not exactly the same in a lot of other places." Unlike many global banks, Bank of America, which is celebrating its 50th year in India, is keen on abiding by RBI's subsidiarising proposal.
Doing too much for ourselves: Moynihan
Bank of America will abide by RBI's subsidiarising proposal even though this could bring down efficiency levels, Moynihan said. The central bank wants overseas lenders to set up subsidiaries in India to have similar rights as local lenders, particularly when it comes to such issues as expanding branch net works.
"I can see that it makes life easier (for the regulator) but on the other hand it makes it less efficient and therefore getting less efficient means it cannot supply as much capital to the market. But if they make the decision to move forward, then that is the rule we play by," said Moynihan.
He said talk of higher capital needs and regulations stifling innovation is baseless and that parts of the financial services industry have been enriching themselves instead of serving clients. "I do not think it will have the impact on financial innovation that has customer purposes," said Moynihan. "I do not think the innovation is financing structures and stuff like that. We are doing too much for ourselves and not enough for our customers."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation  IIP data eyedconsumer price index
(Indian stocks could see…)
NEW DELHI: Indian stocks could see volatility in the near-term as investors take cues from inflation and factory output numbers next week, say experts.
Besides, foreign investor activity, movement of rupee against US dollar and crude oil price would continue to set the tone for trading.
"This week would be a crucial one since participants would be eyeing the release of consumer price index data for November on December 12. On the same day, market would also be awaiting the release of IIP data for October," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities .
Further, participants would also be keeping a track of development taking place in the ongoing winter session of Parliament, which commenced on November 24 and is set to conclude on December 23, he added.
Over the past week, the benchmark Sensex fell by nearly 236 points to 28,458.10, -- logging its first weekly drop in seven weeks. Last month, the index had gained 828.16 points to hit its all-time high of 28,822.37 on November 28.
Traders said that investors would remain eye further policy announcements.
"Movement of index in near term will consistently remain on further reform initiatives to be taken in the ongoing winter session, IIP, CPI data expected to be announced on Friday," said Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research.
Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio said, "After a week of consolidation, we expect the markets to see some profit bookings in the coming 1-2 trading sessions.
"Market has given positive response to the SAIL Offer for sale which shows, retail risk appetite is still intact. Market optimism and continued FII flows would continue to keep the markets intact."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Beware of mobile tower fraud: SPUpdated: December 8, 2014 07:57 IST
Beware of mobile tower fraud: SP
Mohit M. Rao
Tweet
People participating in the monthly SC/ST meeting at the Police Superintendent’s office in Mangaluru on Sunday. Photo: Special Arrangement
With a case of a ‘mobile tower fraud’ being registered at Vittal police station a few days ago, Superintendent of Police S.D. Sharanappa has cautioned against advertisements for leasing land that may be “too good to be true”.
Talking to presspersons after the monthly Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes grievance meet here on Sunday, the SP said the modus operandi of the scam was to entice people into paying a deposit to set up a mobile tower on their land. The agency, through a newspaper advertisement, claims to offer benefits of Rs. 50 lakh in lump sum, Rs. 75,000 as monthly rent, and even employment for one person. In return, the person has to deposit around Rs. 55,000 with the agency.
On deposition of the money, people from the agency cut complete contact, he said.
“Our investigation shows that the racket is being run from Gurgaon. A team has been sent there, and we will nab the culprits soon,” Mr. Sharanappa said.
At the meeting, a Dalit activist raised the issue of a fake complaint that had been filed under Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act at Sullia police station in July by a man who was not a Dalit. Mr. Sharanappa assured of an inquiry, and said the case would be referred to the Civil Rights Enforcement Cell.
Similarly, when activists complained that atrocity cases were not being taken seriously by police officers, the SP said officers at police stations had been asked to intimate immediately the Assistant Superintendent of Police and Deputy Superintendent of Police who would be in charge of the investigations.

Mangaluru embracing organic productsUpdated: December 8, 2014 07:57 IST
Mangaluru embracing organic products
Tweet
People purchasing organic products at the Swavalambi Santhe at Pandeshwar in Mangaluru on Sunday. Photo: H.S. Manjunath
The Swavalambi Santhe, a monthly shandy day being organised in Mangaluru, appears to have caught on as a concept with people buying organic products — vegetables in particular, in good measure.
The sellers who are part of the venture, told The Hindu on Sunday that many people had already booked their products in advance over the phone. The latest Santhe was held at Vedam Ayu Ayurveda Hospital, Pandeshwara. It is held at a different location each time.
Tastier items
“I had brought some 20 kg of ribbed gourd. It is sold out,” said Ramanna K. of Kaniyoor in Belthangady taluk at 2 p.m. He and Narasimha Mayya of Bantwal taluk say shandy days are here to stay. Though growers were few, the demand had been rising, said Mr. Mayya, who, along with his friends, run an exclusive outlet at B.C. Road for organically grown products.
People were realising that organic products were tastier and healthier despite being costlier, the two growers observed. Mr. Mayya and his friends grow organic products in two farms five acres each in size.
Mr. Mayya’s wife, Jyothi Mayya, said the red spinach (leafy vegetable) grown on her farm was in high demand. Initially she told buyers that it was good for curry but people now tell her how they could make tasty sambar, chutney and other items from it. “It is usually sold out in the first half hour,” she said.
The growers have been coming to fortnightly shandy days organised on P.M. Road Road which too has contributed to the increasingly popularity of organic products.
From the Herbarium
The products from the government-funded Arboretum at Pilikula Biological Park, is the latest addition to the shandy. You could try mango-ginger (curcuma amda) or Indian Pennywort locally known as Ondelaga (centella asiatica) and Pulav Ele or Lemon Grass from its stall. And the products are affordable. For Rs. 10 you could about 200 grams of mango-ginger.
The next monthly Santhe will be held at ‘Swami Kripa’ Kadi Kambala on January 4.

Jet Airways drops ATR fleets transferJet Airways drops ATR fleets transfer
Yes carya bro..u r right..am sure u have checked mirror today :)156 Followers
Reposted about 8 days 16 hrs 41 min 38 sec ago by ashuragini
dear ashu, just wanted to let you know that I am also here but I joined recently as an investor after recommendation from shereratlam - my average is little more than 17. intend to accumulate more.
hope this journey will be as fruitful as the one we are having in Satyam (I was also late there started from 60s-70s) - cheers

Sureshot$- buy fdc@153 sl 150 tgt 160 !!Sureshot$- Buy FDC@153 SL 150 tgt 160 !!
7.59 AM Dec 8th  | Track

Cochran leads WGN ratings upswingTweet
Led by morning personality Steve Cochran, who posted a 30 percent increase in audience share, WGN AM 720 rebounded in the latest monthly ratings.
Nielsen Audio figures for October 9 to November 5 showed the Tribune Media news/talk station moving up from a tie for 12th place overall the previous month to seventh. WGN improved at least marginally in every time period.
Again No. 1 in mornings were Felicia Middlebrooks and Pat Cassidy of CBS Radio all-news WBBM AM 780/WCFS FM 105.9, followed by Eric Ferguson and Kathy Hart of Hubbard Radio hot adult-contemporary WTMX FM 101.9.
Eric & Kathy also were tops in mornings by a huge margin among women between 25 and 54. Leading in mornings among men between 25 and 54 were Raul Molinar, Sylvia del Valle and Andres Maldonado of Univision Radio regional Mexican WOJO FM 105.1.
Nonstop Christmas music began airing November 14 on iHeartMedia adult contemporary WLIT FM 93.9. As a result, the next two monthly ratings reports are likely to be skewed heavily by the popular format.
Here’s a look at Chicago’s top 10 morning shows as measured by Nielsen Audio among all listeners age 6 and older from 6 to 10 a.m. Monday through Friday, followed by average share of audience (with previous month’s share in parentheses).
Click on the arrows to advance the photos:
1. WBBM AM 780/WCFS FM 105.9 Felicia Middlebrooks and Pat Cassidy 8.0 share (previous month 7.8 share)
2. WTMX FM 101.9 Eric Ferguson and Kathy Hart 6.4 share (previous month 6.2 share)
3. WGN AM 720 Steve Cochran 5.7 share (previous month 4.4 share)
4. WVAZ FM 102.7 Steve Harvey 5.6 share (previous month 4.9 share)
5. WOJO FM 105.1 Raul Molinar, Sylvia del Valle and Andres Maldonado 5.1 share (previous month 4.9 share)
6. WKSC FM 103.5 Christopher “Fred” Frederick and Angi Taylor 3.4 share (previous month 3.3 share)
7. WBBM FM 96.3 J. Niice (Jamar McNeil) and Showbiz Shelly Menaker 3.3 share (previous month 3.6 share)
8. WUSN FM 99.5 Ramblin’ Ray Stevens and Lisa Dent 3.2 share (previous month 3.1 share)
9. WLIT FM 93.9 Paul “Cubby” Bryant 3.1 share (previous month 3.2 share)
10. (tie) WDRV FM 97.1 Steve Downes 3.0 share (previous month 3.0 share)
10. (tie) WSCR AM 670 Brian Hanley and Mike Mulligan 3.0 share (previous month 3.5 share)
10. (tie) WXRT FM 93.1 Lin Brehmer 3.0 share (previous month 3.4 share)
‹ ›

Cyber attack at Sony Pictures affected Microsoft systems onlyBy: Reuters |
Posted: December 3, 2014 6:35 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 7:10 pm
Eight days after a massive cyber attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment, the Hollywood studio was still struggling to restore some systems on Tuesday evening as investigators combed for evidence to identify the culprit.
Some employees at the Sony Corp entertainment unit were given new computers to replace ones that had been attacked with the rare data-wiping virus, which had made their machines unable to operate, according to a person with knowledge of Sony’s operations.
In a memo to staff seen by Reuters, studio co-chiefs Michael Lynton and Amy Pascal acknowledged that “a large amount of confidential Sony Pictures Entertainment data has been stolen by the cyber attackers, including personnel information and business documents.”
They are “not yet sure of the full scope of information that the attackers have or might release,” according to the memo first reported by Variety, and encouraged employees to take advantage of identity protection services being offered.
Their concern underscores the severity of the breach, which experts say is the first major attack on a U.S. company to use a highly destructive class of malicious software that is designed to make computer networks unable to operate.
Government investigators led by the FBI are considering multiple suspects in the attack, including North Korea, according to a U.S. national security official with knowledge of the investigation.
The FBI said Tuesday that it is working with its counterparts in Sony’s home country of Japan in the investigation.
That comes after it warned U.S. businesses on Monday about hackers’ use of malicious software and suggested ways to defend themselves. The warning said some of the software used by the hackers had been compiled in Korean, but it did not discuss any possible connection to North Korea.
SONY’S TROUBLES
The hack, which was launched Nov. 24, only affected computers with Microsoft Corp’s Windows software, so Sony employees using Apple Inc Macs, including many in the marketing department, had not been affected, according to the person familiar with Sony’s operations, who was not authorized to publicly discuss the attack.
Sony Pictures Entertainment shut down its internal computer network last week to prevent the data-wiping software from causing further damage, forcing employees to use paper and pen.
The studio has brought some systems back on line, focusing first on those from which the company generates revenues, including those involved with marketing and distributing its films and TV shows, according to the person.
The hack comes at a tough time for Sony, following soon after a denial-of-service attack on Sony’s PlayStation Network in August. Sony was also victim of a notorious 2011 breach that compromised data of tens of millions of PlayStation Network users.
It also comes just as the company’s CEO Kazuo Hirai is trying to grow the entertainment business to help offset losses in its mobile division.
He has been under pressure to prove the segment’s growth potential after rejecting a proposal by U.S. hedge fund Third Point to spin it off last year.
FORENSIC INVESTIGATION
People claiming responsibility for this latest attack have posted high-quality digital copies of yet-to-be-released Sony films and what they claim are sensitive data about its operations and employees on Internet download sites, making them freely available to the public in a series of releases over the past five days.
Sony’s holiday musical “Annie”, which is due to be released Dec. 19 in the United States, was available for download on a popular piracy site on Tuesday evening.
Daniel Clemens, chief executive of cyber security firm PacketNinjas, said he has reviewed the files released to date and believes they were stolen from Sony.
He said he found business contracts as well as Social Security numbers, salary information and medical data about employees.
“This is a horrible compromise,” Clemens said.
The U.S. national security official, who asked to remain anonymous, told Reuters on Tuesday that the forensic investigation is in its early stages, and that no clear suspects have emerged.
The technology news site Re/code reported Nov. 28 that Sony was investigating whether hackers working on behalf of the North Korean government were responsible for the attack as retribution for the company’s backing of the film “The Interview.”
The comedy, which is due to be released in the United States and Canada on Dec. 25, is about a CIA plot to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Pyongyang denounced the film as “an act of war” in a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in June.

Govt fixes SAIL OFS floor price atR83Direct equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The floor price for the government’s stake sale in Steel Authority of India (SAIL) was on Thursday fixed at R83 a share, a slight discount to the stock’s closing price of R85.35. With this offering, the government has kicked off its R58,425-crore disinvestment plan for FY15.
The government is offering 20.65 crore shares through the offer-for-sale (OFS) route, which would bring down its stake in the steelmaker to 75% from 80%. The OFS is expected to fetch R1,714 crore to the exchequer. Retail investors will be offered shares at a 5% discount to the bid price.
HSBC Securities, Deutsche Equities and JPMorgan India are among the six merchant bankers advising the  government on the stake sale. Market watchers believe that LIC could play a key role in the disinvesment process. With around R30,000-40,000 crore of paper expected to hit the market in the next four months, the supply could be fairly large,  they say.
In the recent past, LIC is believed to have encashed some of its equity holdings, ahead of the government’s FY15 divestment plan. In 2013, the government sold shares in seven PSUs through the OFS mechanism. While stake sales in NTPC and SAIL added close to R12,900 crore to the exchequer, LIC is believed to have supported the dilution, especially in case of SAIL.
Net outflows of R7,826 crore, or $1.3 billion, have been reported by domestic institutional investors in November.
According to BSE filings, LIC’s stake in SAIL jumped from 4.93% to 7.94% during the quarter ended March 2013, while that in NTPC increased from 6.2% to 7.66%.
Meanwhile, some analysts are advising clients to stay away from the OFS as they believe the stock is already at expensive valuations. “We expect softer raw material prices globally to keep the pressure on global steel prices, which, in turn, would keep domestic prices muted due to the risk of import substitution,” Ambit Capital said in a note.    This, coupled with rising domestic steel production, is unlikely to materially increase the margins of domestic steel players, said Ambit, which reiterated its ‘sell’ rating on the steelmaker with a target price of R62.
“The stock is currently trading at an expensive FY16 EV/EBITDA of 6.9x vs the historical average of 5.7x,” it added.
TAGS: NTPC Steel Authority Of India
More from indianmarkets

Cash transfers can work better than subsidiesUpdated: December 6, 2014 01:53 IST
Cash transfers can work better than subsidies
Guy Standing
Tweet
AP
NECESSARY? “The Public Distribution System acts as a deterrent to local food production.” Picture shows a woman showing her ration card to purchase subsidised rice in Rayagada, Odisha.
TOPICS
social infrastructure
Providing people with a modest basic income instead of subsidies would save public revenue
With oil prices falling, it was perhaps a good time to fade out fuel subsidies. All subsidies are inefficient and distortionary, and most are regressive. The same could be said of costly public works schemes as well.
By contrast, the debate on direct benefit transfers has moved into a more sensible phase, with the posturing criticism of a couple of years ago rather muted. In that context, perhaps it is time for a more dispassionate discussion.
This month my colleagues and I are publishing a book based on two pilot schemes conducted in Madhya Pradesh, in which thousands of men, women and children in nine villages received a modest basic income, paid each month, in cash, unconditionally, for 18 months.
The effects were evaluated by a series of surveys, comparing what happened to the recipients with what was happening to thousands of non-recipients in 13 other villages. The amount of money provided was modest, about a third of subsistence. But what we wanted to find out was whether, as scornful sceptics had claimed, people would waste the money or by contrast be able to use it rationally to improve their lives.
We made sure to issue no guidance as to how to spend the money. The only insistence was that recipients should open bank or cooperative accounts within three months of starting to receive the monthly payment. This showed that financial intermediation can be achieved effectively when there are incentives to do so. No less than 96 per cent of all recipients had opened accounts by the end of three months.
“Surveys conducted among people in Madhya Pradesh's villages, who received a modest basic income as cash transfers, showed that beneficiaries were quite capable of making rational decisions that improved their lives”
As for the claim that villagers would waste the money, the evidence gathered through three rounds of detailed surveys showed that people were quite capable of making rational decisions that improved their lives and their communities.
Some critics claim India could not afford to provide all its citizens with a basic income. That conveniently overlooks the fact that a vast amount is spent on schemes that never reach the intended beneficiaries. Every informed policymaker and social scientist knows that.
Providing people with a modest basic income instead of subsidies would actually save public revenue. We know that most of the money spent on the Public Distribution System is wasted, leaving villagers to rely on stale wheat or rice. The system also acts as a deterrent to local food production. Of course, if the state throws vast amounts at even a chronically inefficient scheme, some of it will get through. But it is dumb.
Be that as it may. What the pilots have shown is something we had not fully anticipated. Unlike subsidies or public works, the basic income transfers have the potential to be transformative. If the government is setting up a Policy Commission in which one of the four pillars is to focus on Direct Benefit Transfers, it should start by considering this point.
Effects of basic income
The point is that the basic income has three types of effect. First, it improves personal and community welfare. The evidence from the pilots showed improvements in child nutrition, schooling attendance and performance, health and healthcare, sanitation and housing. It also has desirable equity outcomes, since it benefitted women more than men, the disabled more than others, the least secure and lowest income groups more than others.
However, what should please my fellow economists is that it also stimulates growth. While discussing economic growth, there is a tendency to concentrate on corporations and big industrial sectors, and to see villages as zones of stagnation. However, in the villages receiving the basic incomes, economic activity increased, new small-scale businesses sprung up, work and labour increased — contrary to critics who claim that giving people cash would induce idleness — and more equipment and livestock were bought.
Although child wage labour declined, the overall increase in work and labour was shown by way of a shift from casual wage labour to more secondary activities. Other studies have tended to concentrate on people’s main activity. Had we done that, we would not have picked up the phenomenon that, in a rational risk-reducing way, households tended to diversify into more secondary activities.
The key point here, however, is that the cash transfers should not be depicted simply as welfare expenditure. That is bad economics and poor accounting.
Yet it is the third dimension that really makes the policy transformative. One way of putting it is to say that the emancipatory value of the basic income is greater than the monetary value. Money itself is a scarce commodity in Indian villages, and, as with any scarce commodity, this drives up the price. Moneylenders and landlords can easily put villagers into debt bondage and charge exorbitant rates of interest that families cannot hope to pay off.
What we found is that many recipients used the cash to make savings, putting themselves in a better position to avoid highly costly short-term borrowing in emergencies. In effect, the liquidity lowered their cost of living and reduced the monopoly power of the moneylenders. Indeed, in a survey of impressions after the pilot had ended, several respondents told us that the only people who were unhappy about the experiment had been the moneylenders. How tragic.
The emancipatory effect helped make the welfare and growth effects more sustainable. So, the scheme had a combination of positive effects, not just one.
Now, government should be encouraged to make haste slowly. Launch several pilots in a few low-income areas in which the design could vary. There are good reasons for believing that making cash transfers universal within communities would save money in administrative and other costs, and induces more positive economic and social outcomes than selective or targeted schemes. Among other reasons is that they induce collective action for community benefits.
It is also important to consider the potential role of intermediary non-government bodies. They can play a strong role in encouraging beneficial outcomes and help overcome the tendency for vulnerable people to remain vulnerable.
Above all, however, policymakers should learn to trust people whom they claim to serve. A growing danger in social policy is that it will veer towards social engineering, through sophistry and tighter conditionalities. Freedom matters, and so does the challenge of transformation.
(Guy Standing is professor of Development Studies, School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London. The book on which this article is based is Basic Income – A Transformative Policy for India.)

Sebi finds 22 PSUs violating norms  SBI files for settlementSebi finds 22 PSUs violating norms, SBI files for settlement
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 10:34 IST
Photo: Reuters
Sebi has found 22 public sector firms including giants like ONGC , Coal India and IOC to have violated various capital market guidelines, while banking major SBI has filed for settlement of a case against it with the regulator, Parliament was informed on Friday.
Others include SAIL, ITDC, HMT, Shipping Corporation, NTPC, NHPC, STC, Nalco, EIL, REC and Neyveli Lignite.
A total of 17 firms were found to be non-compliant with the norms pertaining to the composition of the board of directors. These rules were related to minimum number of independent directors.
State Bank of India (SBI)has filed for a consent application to settle adjudication proceedings against for alleged violations of debenture trustee norms.
It is alleged to have had outstanding loans with certain companies when it acted as debenture trustee for their issues.
The details of violations by these Public Sector Units were submitted in a written reply by Minister of Finance Arun Jaitley to the Lok Sabha.
Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), Rural Electrification Corporation, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), NHPC, NTPC, Neyveli Lignite Corporation and Steel Authority of India are among the 17 PSUs found to have violated these board of directors norms by capital market regulator Sebi.
Other firms are Chennai Petroleum Corporation, SJVN, Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals, Natural Fertilizers, National Aluminium Company, Coal India, Engineers India, Shipping Corporation of India, Container Corporation of India and State Trading Corporation of India.
"Sebi vide letter dated November 7, 2014, informed the Ministries concerned about the non-compliance, Sebi also requested the Ministries concerned to expedite the appointment of independent directors in these 17 PSUs," Jaitley said.
Two state-run firms - Indian Tourism Development Corporation and HMT had failed to submit annual audited financial results within the prescribed time limit.
Sebi had rejected the firms plea for extension of time and were further advised to publish an announcement disclosing the reasons for the delay as well as indicate the timelines for announcement of the results, Lok Sabha was informed.
Other violations by PSUs include non-compliance of minimum public shareholding norms by Haryana Financial Corporation.
Accordingly, the firm has been imposed with various restrictions from Sebi such as it cannot offer corporate benefits like bonus shares dividends to its non-public shareholders, till it achieves 10 per cent public holding.
Public sector units Sicom Ltd and Dena Bank were found to have violated disclosure norms.
Sicom was imposed with a penalty of Rs 5 lakh earlier this year, while Dena Bank had settled the case with Sebi on payment of Rs 10 lakh in 2011.

Down the years: India in AustraliaFlare Up: Warner vs Indians
Fri 12 Dec, 2014 10:40 AM IST
Virat Kohli had to play peacemaker to the warring Indians and Australians on the fourth day of the Adelaide Test. It all happened in the post-Tea session when David Warner was called back after being bowled off a Varun Aaron no-ball. Having been accorded a huge send off by the bowler, who was obviously … More » Flare Up: Warner vs Indians
5th ODI: Sri Lanka vs England
Fri 12 Dec, 2014 7:18 AM IST
Johnson Hits Kohli: The Bouncer Incident
Thu 11 Dec, 2014 5:48 PM IST
India captain Virat Kohli received a bouncer to his helmet on the first ball of his innings in Adelaide today. Kohli was shaken as was Mitchell Johnson, with memories of Phil Hughes fresh in everyone's minds. Kohli overcame the incident to score a fine hundred. Johnson too bounced back by dismissing … More » Johnson Hits Kohli: The Bouncer Incident
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Cricket Photos of The Week 7.12.14
Mon 8 Dec, 2014 3:58 PM IST
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
Sun 7 Dec, 2014 12:47 PM IST
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]

In 2019  Chicago s minimum wage of $13 may not seem such a big deal3
At the time, only U.S. states allowing same-sex couples to marry at the time were Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Hampshire, Vermont and Iowa, as well as the District of Columbia. Four years later, same-sex couples now can marry in Illinois and 34 other states and Washington, D.C., and all those marriages are recognized by the federal government.
Four years ago was so long ago that the Bulls' Derrick Rose was having a Most Valuable Player season, the Bears were serious Super Bowl contenders and White Sox fans were excited the team had signed Adam Dunn. It wasn't even clear Rahm Emanuel would be eligible to run for mayor of Chicago, as he sat and fielded citizen questions at one hearing for more than 11 hours. Things change.
To start or even run a business requires a certain optimism. Anyone who backs off a moneymaking idea because the least-skilled, lowest-paid workers need to be paid more may lack the moxie to actually make a go of it. If a continuing business concern already is struggling to figure out how to make payroll in 2019, the problem with the business model may not be in labor costs.
The minimum wage — like commodities and energy costs and such — is a factor, not an excuse.
It's not that these wage increases are negligible for employers. Businesses, however, deal with challenges all the time, from the impact of severe weather to fluctuations in the cost of gas, interest rates and consumption patterns. A business that can't adjust is going to get crushed one way or another.
It's also silly to think there won't be a ripple effect of some kind, as employers try to preserve their margins. A Princeton University study of New Jersey's $1 increase in its minimum hourly wage in 1992 and its effect on the fast-food business found consumer prices went up slightly, but the boost in base pay did not reduce the number of people employed.
As reported here earlier this year, discussing a theoretical increase in the national minimum wage to $10.10, McDonald's Chief Executive Don Thompson told students at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management this spring that the fast-food kingpin "will be fine" and would "manage through whatever the additional cost implications are."
But, drawing on his own humble start, Thompson later warned: "If your expectation is to chase the minimum, you are leaving a whole lot of the blessings that you had on the table."
Indeed, if today's minimum wage worker is planning to still be making the minimum wage in four years, when it hits $13, then a boost isn't doing what it needs to do to make a real difference for them.
Never mind the effect of raising the minimum wage might or might not have on the overall economy. It shouldn't cost more in commuting and other expenses to have a job than not have one, but it's also an investment. One of the biggest benefits of having a job is the potential to get a better one, a position with more responsibility that pays more money.
Whether this will happen or not is just one of the many unknowns. Among the few certainties is that Chicago's minimum wage will be higher, and there will be another election coming up.

Movie review: Bhopal  A Prayer for Rain is mature  watch it for the subjectFilm | Bhopal: A Prayer for rain
Direction: Ravi Kumar
Actors: Rajpal Yadav, Martin Sheen, Kal Penn, Mischa Barton
Rating: 3/5
Kal Penn, American actor, producer and a civil servant will be starring in an Indian film for the first time with Bhopal: A Prayer for Rain.  (Photo: APrayerForRain/Facebook)
It’s 30 years since that disastrous night of December 3, 1984, that doomed Bhopal. Thousands died due to the MIC (methyl isocyanate) leak in one of the worst industrial disasters of all time. Bhopal still suffers, as children continue to be born with abnormalities. Ravi Kumar’s film, though nearly five years in the making, comes at a poignant time.
Subjects like these come with responsibility – mainly, maintaining veracity, and ensuring that a grave human tragedy isn’t trivialised or commodified in the name of cinema. The director (who’s mostly worked with short films prior to this) shows a lot of maturity here. He cuts from cold boardrooms and calculative CEOs to ground zero – where alien-looking chimneys sit squat in the middle of a filthy slum, where an ominous siren blares, as if warning of imminent disaster. The slum exists because the factory does. It creates jobs, sans discrimination of caste or class. In that, it is a leveller – a fact that’s easy to overlook in the larger scheme of the tragedy. Kumar does well not to.
His protagonist is Dilip (Rajpal Yadav) – forced due to a broken rickshaw, poverty and the pressure of arranging for his young sister’s wedding to take up work at Union Carbide, after his neighbour dies in an accident. He is one of several untrained hands, one of several stop-gap measures implemented in the name of profit, and which eventually backfire.
Yet, the film focuses on story-telling at the expense of fleshing out characters. In that lies its weakness. A fine bunch of actors – perhaps too many of them – are all cast as flat characters. Motwani (Kal Penn), the local journalist out to slam Union Carbide, is just the doomsayer in flamboyant shirts; American journalist Eva Gascon (Mischa Barton) is almost tangential to the plot. Others – a couple of politicians, a safety officer who rages and rants and does little else, a doctor at the local hospital – are brought in, presumably in an effort to show all sides of the story, but are more like characters in a poorly cast play, with more entrances and exits than actual time on stage. 
There seems to be a half-hearted attempt to show a hard-working, humane side to Union Carbide chief Warren Anderson (Martin Sheen), but he too gets little screen time. The most convincing performance comes from Yadav – impressive as the poor man only partially aware of what’s going on around him. Penn – his efforted Hindi accent notwithstanding – too brings a rare bit of lightness to an otherwise grim subject.
All the build-up – the slow segments of political hand-greasing and expository dialogue – eventually leads to that fateful night. And here, again, Kumar’s mature handling of disaster is evident. He doesn’t sensationalise. Then again, he doesn’t need to. He’s transforming to film the horror that really took place – of which we only remember stories and horrific photographs. He also walks the fine line between documentary and fiction – something that’s cinematically entertaining enough to coax more people to theatres than a documentary ever could.
Watch A Prayer for Rain for the subject, if nothing else. And because in this extreme disaster, you will see reflected stories of negligence, cutting corners and exploitation that, 30 years later, still continue to be relevant.

Seventy Ethiopian migrants drown off Yemen s Red Sea coastDec 07, 2014, 11.52 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Seventy Ethiopian migrants drown off Yemen's Red Sea coast
YEMEN-MIGRANTS-ETHIOPIA:Seventy Ethiopian migrants drown off Yemen's Red Sea coast
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Seventy Ethiopian migrants drown off Yemen's Red Sea coast
YEMEN-MIGRANTS-ETHIOPIA:Seventy Ethiopian migrants drown off Yemen's Red Sea coast
Post your opinion here
 
SANAA (Reuters) - At least 70 Ethiopians drowned when a boat used by smugglers to transport illegal migrants to Yemen sank in the Red Sea in rough weather, security authorities in the western part of the country said on Sunday.
(Reporting by Mohammed Ghobari, writing by Sami Aboudi; Editing by Jon Boyle)
ADS BY GOOGLE

Liberia court lifts order suspending election campaign due to EbolaDec 07, 2014, 11.52 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Liberia court lifts order suspending election campaign due to Ebola
HEALTH-EBOLA-LIBERIA:Liberia court lifts order suspending election campaign due to Ebola
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Liberia court lifts order suspending election campaign due to Ebola
HEALTH-EBOLA-LIBERIA:Liberia court lifts order suspending election campaign due to Ebola
Post your opinion here
 
By James Harding Giahyue
MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberia's Supreme Court on Sunday lifted a government order suspending campaigning in and around the capital for next week's Senate election imposed on the grounds that electioneering risks spreading the Ebola virus.
Liberia is the country hardest hit by the epidemic and has recorded more than 3,000 deaths out of a total from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea of 6,055 victims, according to World Health Organization figures on Wednesday.
The country's epidemic is gradually being brought under control, but the toll has damaged healthcare and has caused a delay in Senate elections which had been set for October in a country that emerged from a long civil war in 2003.
President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf's government imposed the executive order last week banning the holding of political rallies in Montserrado County, which includes the capital, because the area has been hard hit by Ebola. [ID:nL6N0TI4G7]
It was contested by her son Robert Sirleaf who is running as an independent candidate for Senate. He appealed for a temporary lifting of the ban, arguing that to stop campaigning in just one part of the country is discriminatory.
The younger Sirleaf is one of the president's leading advisers and analysts say he is seeking an independent political base ahead of elections in 2017 when the president must step down due to a two-term limit.
Presiding Associate Justice Philip Banks issued Sunday's Supreme Court ruling, Minister of Information Lewis Brown said on national ELBC radio.
"The government intends, in keeping with its long-held tradition of respect for the various authorities and democratic actions of each branch of government, to honour this order of the Supreme Court," Brown said.
The court will hear a petition on Monday by some political parties, civil society groups and others to postpone national Senate polls from Dec. 16 until Ebola is eradicated. It will also hear Robert Sirleaf's petition on Wednesday, Brown said.
The initial Senate elections set for October were delayed at  the height of the outbreak in Liberia.
(Writing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg; Editing by Rosalind Russell)
ADS BY GOOGLE

Promoters cash out as stocks rallyPromoters cash out as stocks rally
Mayank Patwardhan, Jayshree P Upadhyay & Samie Modak |  Dec 08, 2014 12:38 AM IST
With the benchmark indices rising 35 per cent this year, promoters are seeing an opportunity to pare their stakes at higher valuations and raise cash. As the bulk deal data provided by stock exchanges show, a number of promoter group entities, including Talwalkar Fitness, Bajaj Corp, Gokaldas Exports and Crompton Greaves, have pared their stakes in the past few weeks. "While a promoter selling stake sends out a weak signal, the market has provided a much-needed window to raise cash for retiring debt," said an analyst.
Mayank Patwardhan
Infusing life into ETFs
Exchange-traded funds, or ETFs, which are popular passive investment vehicles globally, have not taken off in India. Concerned by the lukewarm response to these instruments, the Association of Mutual funds of India, has set up an expert panel to suggest steps to infuse life into ETFs. ETFs' assets are currently only about Rs 13,000 crore. If one removes assets of gold ETFs, they are less than Rs 6,000 crore and the total folio size is only 200,000. Compare this to the MF sectors's total assets of around Rs 11 lakh-crore and overall folios of almost one million. Clearly, the panel has its work cut out.
Jayshree P Upadhyay
Zero success rate for Sebi's new IPO allotment process
Sebi's new allotment process for initial public offerings (IPOs), introduced in 2012, was aimed at giving guaranteed allotment to small investors of one lot at least. However, the guarantee scheme has not been used in 2014, at least till now. This is because all the five IPOs of 2014, including that of just-concluded Monte Carlo, have seen huge oversubscription in the retail category. The demand was so high that the investment bankers had no choice but to resort to a lottery system for allotment.
Samie Modak

http://usat.ly/1CCvvpGNYC holiday windows - see them here
Get a street view of spectacular New York City's holiday window displays via our detailed interactive map.
Post to Facebook
NYC holiday windows - see them here Get a street view of spectacular New York City's holiday window displays via our detailed interactive map. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/11tfDEY
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
NYC holiday windows - see them here
Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 12:39 p.m. EST November 28, 2014
Click on the trees above to check out New York City's most notable holiday window displays
Walking tour of the Big Apple's festive holiday window displays.
(Photo: Denny Gainer, USA TODAY)
828 CONNECT 149 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
'Tis the season to gawk at festive holiday displays — and this year's crop of retail facades are sure to draw attention.  Stores such as Tiffany, Macy's and Lord & Taylor have unveiled elaborate displays filled with bright colors, unique characters and a plethora of holiday pizzazz.
Festive store windows have been a New York holiday tradition since the 1870s, when Macy's started featuring dolls in Christmas scenes. Since then, the scenes have transformed into elaborate, animated and interactive displays at all the major department stores along Fifth Avenue.
This year, Macy's showcases the story of a boy who imagines what Christmas would be like on other planets. Bergdorf Goodman's windows are centered around the arts, featuring influential figures in literature, architecture, sculpture, film, dance, theater and painting. Barney's partnered with film director Baz Luhrmann and his costume-designer wife Catherine Martin for an elaborate display of optical illusions, a giant mechanical owl, and psychedelic 'love mixtape' boom box surrounded by rainbow-colored mushrooms.
The planning starts a year in advance, from discussing ideas to rendering designs to manufacturing the pieces and then installing scenes, says Roya Sullivan, national director of window presentation at Macy's.
"We like to combine the old school artistry of sculptural pieces with mechanical and digital ability," she says. "It's truly an art."
Some windows are more commercial, like Bloomingdale's modern display of chic party-goers and interactive touchscreens.
Sibyl McCormac Groff, a New York tour guide and historian who leads a Christmas walking tour of Manhattan, says she's drawn to whimsical windows. This year, her favorites are Bergdorf-Goodman's.
"They are so creative," she says. "Look at the work that went into it. Those are just fabulous."
As technology has evolved, so have the displays. Once lit with gas lights, windows now come to life with multi-colored LED light shows and video screens. One of the Macy's windows is interactive: a touchscreen portion of the glass invites people to play a game called Neptune Wars that, once completed, lights up an ice city depicted on the distant planet.
To a degree, the windows have "become competitive," Groff says, an opportunity to draw in shoppers during what has become the most crucial time of year for  sales. But Sullivan says the windows are about honoring a tradition and the excitement of the season. "It is our gift to the city," she says. "We reach into every person's inner child and bring out the magic of Christmas."
Indeed, Macy's helped solidify New York's reputation as a Christmas destination with holiday windows and then its Santaland, Groff says, immortalized in the film classic Miracle on 34th Street, about a department store Santa put on trial for believing he's the real deal.
The displays remain a nod to New York's storied holiday history, one that led Groff to coin the term Gothamtide for the city's secular festivity –  "to show the commonality that we all have," she says. "It's just the excitement here."
Saks Fifth Avenue's "enchanted experience" theme features classic fairytale characters such as Cinderella and Prince Charming visiting and shopping in New York City.
(Photo: USA TODAY video)
828 CONNECT 149 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/11tfDEY
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Updated apology digs bigger hole for Rolling StoneBy Erik Wemple December 7 Follow @ErikWemple
People gather with signs during a protest at the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house at the University of Virginia on Nov. 22. (Ryan M. Kelly/Associated Press)
Rolling Stone magazine has updated the “ note to readers ” that it posted Friday in light of a Washington Post report casting doubts on its article “A Rape on Campus” by Sabrina Rubin Erdely, which told the horrific story of a University of Virginia freshman named Jackie suffering a seven-man gang rape in 2012 at the prestigious Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house. “We apologize to anyone who was affected by the story and we will continue to investigate the events of that evening,” reads the last line of the note.
The new version makes one significant deletion. Gone is this line: “In the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie’s account, and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced.” That sentiment aligned with an ugly history of blaming rape victims for their trauma and for shaming them when their stories occasionally don’t pan out. Now, the key line reads, “These mistakes are on Rolling Stone, not on Jackie.”
That’s not only more sensitive, but more accurate as well. The change in tone appears consistent with a tweet issued by Rolling Stone Managing Editor Will Dana on Friday:
6/ That failure is on us – not on her.
— Will Dana (@wdana) December 5, 2014
Now that Rolling Stone is coming around to accepting blame, the question has become how much of it must come its way. A lot, as it turns out.
To recap the holes identified by The Post on Friday:
• Some of Jackie’s close friends have come to doubt her account, whereas Erdely said after the story was published that the friends’ accounts were “ consistent ” with her story. Some of those doubts were seeded before Rolling Stone descended on the University of Virginia. For instance, Jackie initially told then-U-Va. senior Emily Renda that she was attacked by five men, later changing the number to seven. “I don’t even know what I believe at this point,” Renda told The Post. Rolling Stone told the Erik Wemple Blog that Erdely had interviewed “dozens” of Jackie’s friends .
• Whereas Rolling Stone reported that Jackie had emerged bloodied and battered from the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house amid a party on Sept. 28, 2012, The Post reported conflicting accounts from friends that arrived to help her. One of them told the paper that Jackie “did not appear physically injured at the time but was visibly shaken and told him and two other friends that she had been at a fraternity party and had been forced to have oral sex with a group of men” — a different scenario, though still horrible, from the gang rape alleged in Rolling Stone.
• Phi Kappa Psi says it didn’t hold “a date function or social event” on the night in question.
• Rolling Stone reported that Jackie had met “Drew,” the Phi Kappa Psi brother who led her into the gang rape,  as they worked as lifeguards at the university pool. The fraternity claims that no member worked at the pool in 2012.
• One of the attackers identified by Jackie to friends “was actually the name of a student who belongs to a different fraternity, and no one by that name has been a member of Phi Kappa Psi.” That man told The Post that “he never met Jackie in person and never took her out on a date. He also said he was not a member of Phi Kappa Psi.”
Students held a candlelight vigil to raise awareness on sexual assault Friday night as Rolling Stone cited “discrepancies” in an article that reported a gang rape in a campus fraternity. (Reuters)
” ]
The central confession of the Rolling Stone “note to readers” reflects heinous wrongdoing. At the request of Jackie, the magazine refrained from contacting the accused in this incident. “Because of the sensitive nature of Jackie’s story,” reads the note, “we decided to honor her request not to contact the man who she claimed orchestrated the attack on her nor any of the men who she claimed participated in the attack for fear of retaliation against her.” The idea that the magazine was honoring a victim’s request conflicts with what a Rolling Stone editor told The Post’s Paul Farhi : “We did not talk to them. We could not reach them,” said Sean Woods of Rolling Stone.
So did the magazine lie about its reporting efforts? Have some sympathy here: What would you do if forced to choose between admitting that you agreed with a source not to contact other sources and admitting that your publication lacked the sophistication to track down modern day college students with presumably large digital footprints?
In any case, Rolling Stone now acknowledges that not checking with the other side was a mistake, though the abandonment of common sense and journalism merely starts with this critical omission. As the story explains, Jackie has declined to file a complaint about the incident, a documentary problem that places ever more emphasis on multilateral sourcing: The accused assailants, friends, witnesses — anyone who could support or knock down the account.
Right smack in the middle of the Rolling Story are three people who could help. Here, we’ll paste in the excerpt from “A Rape on Campus” that introduces them:
Disoriented, Jackie burst out a side door, realized she was lost, and dialed a friend, screaming, “Something bad happened. I need you to come and find me!” Minutes later, her three best friends on campus – two boys and a girl (whose names are changed) – arrived to find Jackie on a nearby street corner, shaking. “What did they do to you? What did they make you do?” Jackie recalls her friend Randall demanding. Jackie shook her head and began to cry. The group looked at one another in a panic. They all knew about Jackie’s date; the Phi Kappa Psi house loomed behind them. “We have to get her to the hospital,” Randall said.
Their other two friends, however, weren’t convinced. “Is that such a good idea?” she recalls Cindy asking. “Her reputation will be shot for the next four years.” Andy seconded the opinion, adding that since he and Randall both planned to rush fraternities, they ought to think this through. The three friends launched into a heated discussion about the social price of reporting Jackie’s rape, while Jackie stood beside them, mute in her bloody dress, wishing only to go back to her dorm room and fall into a deep, forgetful sleep. Detached, Jackie listened as Cindy prevailed over the group: “She’s gonna be the girl who cried ‘rape,’ and we’ll never be allowed into any frat party again.”
Did Rolling Stone ever interview those people or other key folks? Read the lines above, and you’ll hear their voices — filtered through Jackie. “Randall,” notes Erdely in the story, turned down an interview request on account of his “loyalty to his own frat” — yet another little detail in “A Rape on Campus” that stinks of implausibility.
On the topic of the reachability of these friends, Rolling Stone commits perhaps the most self-damaging parenthetical in the history of journalistic self-assessment. It comes from the magazine’s “note to readers”: “A friend of Jackie’s (who we were told would not speak to Rolling Stone) told the Washington Post that he found Jackie that night a mile from the school’s fraternities.” Bold text added to highlight an un-get-pastable problem: Rolling Stone is in possession of a gang-rape allegation that includes a broken glass table, seven assailants and penetration with a bottle. Not only does it not have an official complaint, it has agreed not to contact the accused AND it has apparently accepted the affirmation of some interested party that a pivotal source isn’t really up for an interview.
Where is that an acceptable excuse?
The Erik Wemple Blog has asked Rolling Stone whether the parenthetical means that the magazine didn’t even try to find this person and whether it’s standard practice to let others speak for a source’s willingness to cooperate. (It’s possible that it refers only to Rolling Stone’s efforts to reach this person after “A Rape on Campus” was published). Also: Who was it that told the magazine that the friend wouldn’t talk?
Rolling Stone spokeswoman Melissa Bruno responds, “We decline to comment further at this time.”
In a follow-up to its Friday piece , The Post has some insight on Rolling Stone’s approach to these friends. Or lack thereof. The person identified in the Rolling Stone story as “Cindy” told the newspaper that Erdely’s version of events was “completely false.” That’s less condemnatory of Rolling Stone than “Cindy’s” contention that the magazine neither contacted nor interviewed her. Furthermore, “Andy” told The Post that he “never spoke to a Rolling Stone reporter,” as reported on Friday .
Thus far, assessments of the damage done by Erdely’s piece have focused on how it distracts from the cause of stomping out sexual assault at the University of Virginia and on other campuses. And indeed it does. But this widely distributed magazine also managed to slander an entire group of people via its depiction of “Cindy,” “Andy” and “Randall.” The way Erdely tells it, the trio arrives to assist Jackie within minutes of her calling in the wee hours of the morning, yet once they get there, they’re somehow consumed with superficialities. The blast from Erdely is so searing as to merit repetition:
The three friends launched into a heated discussion about the social price of reporting Jackie’s rape, while Jackie stood beside them, mute in her bloody dress, wishing only to go back to her dorm room and fall into a deep, forgetful sleep. Detached, Jackie listened as Cindy prevailed over the group: “She’s gonna be the girl who cried ‘rape,’ and we’ll never be allowed into any frat party again.”
“Cindy” told The Post that “there was never any discussion among Jackie and the group involving how their reputations or social status might be affected by seeking help.” Rolling Stone offered its apology to “anyone who was affected by the story,” and that means every student, alumna and alumnus.
Again : Fire the Rolling Stone editors who worked on this story.
A final note: The Rolling Stone note pledges that it will “continue to investigate the events of that evening.” Sorry, but the time to do that was before publishing.
 
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

New plan panel: PM Modi invokes Manmohan to break Cong resistanceModi invokes Manmohan to break Cong resistance
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 07, 2014
First Published: 17:42 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 08:36 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi invoked former PM Manmohan Singh on Sunday in the face of opposition from Congress-ruled states over his decision to scrap the Planning Commission, saying a new body was needed to “strengthen” the federal structure and empower states.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Uttarakhand chief minister Harish Rawat during a consultation meeting for Planning Commission revamp in New Delhi on Sunday. PTI Photo
Speaking at his first meeting with chief ministers to seek suggestions on the new body to replace the plan panel, Modi stressed it was impossible for the nation to develop without its states.
“Can we develop a new mechanism that plans according to India’s strengths, empowers states, and brings on board all economic activity, including what happens outside the government,” the PM asked. Modi also recalled feeling the need for a better platform to articulate the views of states when he used to attend the plan panel’s meetings as Gujarat CM.
Stressing "cooperative federalism", Modi said the process of policy planning has to change from "top to bottom" and "bottom to top". It was impossible for the nation to develop unless states develop, he added.
The government dismantled the Planning Commission through a Cabinet decision on August 13, two days before the PM announced it during his Independence Day speech.
Chief ministers of Congress-ruled states, however, appeared unimpressed and praised the plan panel’s work in reducing regional and income disparities.
“The Planning Commission is a time-tested institution and the government should strengthen it instead of scrapping it. We need it to protect the interest of the deprived sections,” said Uttarakhand chief minister Harish Rawat after the day-long meeting at the PM’s Race Course Road residence.
To counter the Congress charge, Modi recalled remarks made by Manmohan Singh on April 30 this year, when the former PM had raised four questions about the future of the Planning Commission and the need for the institution to reinvent itself to remain relevant.
“Manmohan Singh, who was associated with the Planning Commission for a long time, had noted the body has no futuristic vision in the post-reform period,” Modi said in his concluding remarks.
Rawat, however, dismissed Modi’s contention, saying Singh never advocated the scrapping of the institution. “He (Singh) only said the panel needs to re-invent and change."
Congress CMs also expressed dismay at not been consulted before the decision to scrap the planning body. They said the issue should have been discussed in the National Development Council --- a body of all chief ministers headed by the PM.
“It came as a bolt out of the blue,” said a chief minister of a Congress-ruled state, referring to the PM announcement of disbanding the Planning Commission. 
Many Congress CMs, however, praised Modi for organising a retreat with chief ministers with no central minister or official present.
“We chatted with each other and the PM. Modi listened to our suggestions and appeared positive,” said a CM of a Congress-ruled state.
Summarising the discussions, finance minister Arun Jaitley said there was a “large” consensus on the need to scrap the Planning Commission since the present context had changed with a need to “decentralise” decision making.
 
All CMs agreed that states have to play a bigger role in nation building, Jaitley said, adding that the “one-size fits all” concept of Central schemes have to be changed.
“Most states favoured an alternate body where both the Centre and the state participate and a bottom-up approach to policy making is adopted instead of a top-down approach,” the minister said.
Jaitley also said Modi had stressed on Team India comprising the PM and the chief ministers, the council of ministers and the bureaucracy at the Centre and the states.
The Team India concept, according to Modi, was a combination of three teams – the Prime Minister and chief ministers; the Union council of ministers; and the bureaucracy at the Centre and in states, PTI reported.
(with agency inputs)

Uri attack writing on the wall for India: PoK militantPakistan-occupied Kashmir-based chief of the United Jehad Council (UJC) Syed Salahuddin described the deadly Uri attack as ‘writing on the wall that military power cannot suppress our resolve’.
Indian soldiers take positions in order to hold off militant attack in Uri.
Paying tributes to six militants killed in the Uri attack on Friday, Salahuddin, who heads a conglomerate of 13 militant groups operating inside Jammu and Kashmir, said in an e-mailed statement, “The recent attacks on forces have proved that militants love their mission more than their lives.”
The deadliest assault by the militants was on the army’s artillery base in Uri that lasted for more than six hours.
Salahuddin has also backed the separatists’ call to observe a shutdown on Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Kashmir poll rally on Monday.
“This will give the message to the world that people are striving for their birthright and will continue to tread the resistance path,” he said.
Meanwhile, Lt Gen Subrata Saha, general officer commanding of the Srinagar-based 15 Corps, on Sunday said that the militants who attacked the Uri were highly trained.
“These terrorists were highly trained like Special Forces to carry out the attacks. The kind of ammunition they were carrying shows they were in for a big haul,” Saha said.
Trooper injured in Kashmir blast
Srinagar: A paramilitary trooper was injured in a grenade blast while the house of a National Conference leader was attacked with a petrol bomb in Jammu and Kashmir on Sunday, police said.
Guerrillas hurled a grenade at a higher secondary school, injuring constable RK Rajak of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), a police official said.

Now  use your debit card for inter-bank fund transfers at ATM centresNow, use your debit card for inter-bank fund transfers at ATM centres
Neelasri Barman & Nupur Anand | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 12:58 AM IST
If you need to transfer money from, say, your YES Bank account to a customer of Union Bank of India, you can now do so through your debit card, by visiting an automated teller machine (ATM). Union Bank of India, Canara Bank, Andhra Bank, Saraswat Co-operative Bank and YES Bank have come together to allow inter-bank fund transfers through debit cards.
“For this card-to-card transfer, a customer has to go to the ATM and just punch in the debit card number of the person to whom he or she wishes to transfer money. You have to type the 16-digit debit card number of that person in the ATM and the amount you want to transfer. Immediately, once you confirm ok, your account gets debited and the other person’s account linked to the card gets credited. This is an instant fund transfer,” said a senior Union Bank of India official, explaining the transfer process.
MOVING AHEAD
Initially, the amount allowed to be transferred is a maximum Rs 5,000 a day and Rs 25,000 a month
Earlier, some like SBI were offering such card-to-card transfers, but the facility was available only if both the receiver and the sender were SBI debit card holders
EYEING COST CUT
Banks have been looking to reduce the number of consumer visits to branches, so they have increased the number of services available through ATMs
The cost incurred per transaction if a customer visits a bank branch is  Rs 40; this can drop to Rs 10-12 if the transaction is carried out at an ATM
Initially, the amount allowed to be transferred is a maximum of Rs 5,000 a day and Rs 25,000 a month.
Aspy Engineer, president & country head (ATM management & currency chest) at YES Bank, confirmed the bank had been running this facility for its customers for a while, and the response so far had been encouraging.
“This project has been launched on a pan-Indian basis. We are getting good response and footfalls. Currently, we are not charging the customer for this service,” said a bank official involved in the process.
Earlier, some like State Bank of India (SBI) were offering such card-to-card transfers, but the facility was available only if both the receiver and the sender were SBI debit card holders.
Bankers believe more people are likely to adopt this medium for fund transfers, though they have still not started advertising this aggressively.
"We are waiting for a bank with a significant ATM network, such as SBI, to join hands for card-to-card transfers before we start advertising it aggressively," said an official from one of the banks currently allowing these transfers.  Banks have been looking to reduce the number of consumers' visits to branches, so they have increased the number of services available through ATMs. For instance, as a banker explains, the cost incurred per transaction if a customer visits a bank branch is Rs 40; this can drop to Rs 10-12 if the transaction is carried out at an ATM.
However, fund transfers are allowed even through internet channels, where the cost for the bank comes further down. But the sender needs to add the receiver as a beneficiary and this process takes up to 24 hours, unlike an instant card-to-card transfer.

Trai recommendations on 3G spectrum by early...Trai recommendations on 3G spectrum may be out by early January
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 03.42AM IST
Tags:
3G spectrum
(Sectoral regulator Trai…)
NEW DELHI: Sectoral regulator Trai is expected to give recommendations for base price and valuation of 3G spectrum by early January as the government plans to auction the airwaves along with 2G sale scheduled in February.
"There is an open house discussion on December 22 on the issue and the recommendations can be out by the first two weeks of January or earlier," a source in Trai said.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) has issued a consultation paper on valuation and reserve price of spectrum in 2100 MHz band, used for 3G services, on December 2.
The Department of Telecom had on October 16 asked Trai to give recommendations for reserve price of spectrum in 2100 MHz, 2300 MHz and 2500 MHz bands. DoT though on November 27 asked Trai to expedite the process for 2100 MHz band pricing.
"Trai will give the recommendations of 2100 MHz first and later work on 2300 Mhz and 2500 MHz bands," the source said.
Telecom companies as well as the regulator have been of the view that the auction should take place only when adequate spectrum is made available, and the bidding should be held simultaneously for both the services - 2G and 3G.
The Department of Telecom is in talks with the Defence Ministry for the vacation of spectrum in 2100 MHz band and there are three possible scenarios under deliberation.
In case one, if no spectrum is released by the Defence, then auction can't be conducted in this band.
The second scenario is that it releases 5 MHz in 17 circles, in that case one block of 5 MHz spectrum will be available for auction in 17 circles.
The third scenario could be the Defence swapping 2100 MHz spectrum with 1900 MHz. In that case, in addition to 5 MHz spectrum in 17 circles, it may release 15 MHz on pan-India basis by swapping 2100 Mhz spectrum with 1900 Mhz.
The Defence had released 20 MHz out of 25 MHz in 2100 MHz band allocated to DoT under the agreement with Defence on a pan-India basis and one more block of 5 MHz in 5 circles, which was auctioned in 2010.
Under the agreement with DoT, the remaining spectrum is to be vacated only after the alternate communication network is completed.
The next round of spectrum auction is proposed to be held in February and the government is estimated to garner at least Rs 9,355 crore from sale of radiowaves.
As per estimates, auction of spectrum in 2100 Mhz band in February can fetch bids worth at least Rs 5,000 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

As the state lags in utilising Bundelkhand package  projects get stuckmidwayWritten by Maulshree Seth | Lucknow |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:31 am
Construction of seven big market yards for agriculture produce and about 133 rural infrastructure nuclei (smaller selling points) worth Rs 691.5 crore under phase I of Bundelkhand development package is stuck midway as the state is running two years behind the deadline to utilise first installment of Rs 320 crore.
Now, both the Centre and the state are at loggerheads over the release of the remaining Rs 371.5 crore, leaving most of these markets half constructed. Sources in the government said that recently, a central team government had visited seven districts of Bundelkhand to inspect these half-constructed markets but the final decision is still awaited.
“There was an initial delay in the release of funds. Then work could not start due to the election notification and further, selection of required land took time. But the project picked up speed and entire first installment has now been utilised,” said Anup Yadava, Director of the State Agricultural Produce Marketing Board — the implementation agency for the project.
The first installment of Rs 320 crore for the project was released by Centre in March 2011. But with the model code of conduct coming into force for the Assembly elections, new works could not be allotted. Work began only after new the government assumed power in March 2012. Sources said that it was only last year that work actually picked up pace.  As the Centre had not made any provision of funds for warehousing and integrated marketing infrastructure, it was indicated to the state that it has to restrict its activities upto Rs 320 crore only. But, the state reasoned that since there was no such clause earlier, the Centre would have to bear the cost of the entire construction. Sources said the state government plans to raise the issue during meeting of the chief ministers called by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Delhi on December 7 to discuss the future structure of the Planning Commission.
The first phase of Bundelkhand package was meant for 2009 to 2012, but the state sought more time to complete the project. After a delay of almost two years, the utilisation certificates for Rs 320 crore was sent, demanding the release of the second installment of Rs 371 crore.
Seven big market yards were to be constructed, one each in all the seven districts of Bundelkhand — Banda, Jhansi, Lalitpur, Chitrakoot, Mahoba and Hamirpur — on 150 acre of land. These yards have to provide shops, auction areas to sell produce, warehousing facilities, hospital for both humans and cattle as well as bank counters while RIN are supposed to be constructed at the tehsil level to cater to primary storage and distribution needs. Sources said Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav is expected to take up the issue with the Prime Minister, along with the delay in release of Rs 95.22 crore — supposed to be released this financial year under the second phase of the Bundelkhand package.

Typhoon-hammered Philippines in  fight for our survival : TRFNTyphoon-hammered Philippines in  fight for our survival : TRFN
Centre to divest 5% in Dredging Corporation ...You are here: Home > Collections > Dredgers
Centre to divest 5 per cent in Dredging Corporation of India
Ruchika Chitravanshi, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 11.47AM IST
Tags:
Dredging Corporation
(The company has a market…)
NEW DELHI: The government plans to divest 5 per cent in state-owned Dredging Corporation of India, a senior official has told ET.
Following the news, the stock fell as much as 4.75 per cent in trade today. At 11:46 a.m., the stock was down 3.79 per cent or Rs 440.5 on the BSE.
The shipping ministry will float aCabinet note soon to bring down the government stake in the company to 73.5 per cent from 78.5 per cent.Once the Cabinet is nod is secured, the government will launch an offerfor-sale, the official said.
Dredging Corporation (DCI) is the only public sector company in its sector. Set up in 1976, the company caters mainly to the dredging requirements of 12 major ports and the Indian navy .
The company has a market capitalisation of Rs 1,269 crore. It clocked revenue of Rs 168.96 crore and net profit of Rs 3.23 crore in the quarter to September.
At present, Dredging Corporation of India has 15 dredgers, with an average age of 25 years, and a total dredging capacity of 70 million cubic metres a year. This year, it acquired two new dredgers and expects the delivery of a third in February from the Netherlands.
The dredging company is also in talks with the major ports to part finance the acquisition of more dredgers.
Besides its divestment, the shipping ministry has also floated a Cabinet note for DCI's clearance of payment on account of actual expenditure on dredging of the Sethusamudram channel. Nearly two-third of the company's annual revenue makes up for its dues from Sethusamudram Corporation at Rs 309 crore.
The company had employed all its dredgers in the controversial project in 2006 when TR Balu was the shipping minister .
DCI has been trying to bring down operational costs by refurbishing the existing aged dredgers and focus on fuel efficiency in ship operations. The company has also entered into a strategic alliance with Kolkata Port Trust to have assured business. However, one of the biggest challenges for DCI has been collecting dues from various ports, which are its major clients. Although the company undertook an international dredging operation at Kankasanturai harbour in Sri Lanka to boost bilateral ties, it has found it difficult to expand operations abroad. Its plan to deploy dredgers in Dubai was shown the red flag at the pretext of the dredging requirements within the country.
In the last few years, said DCI became more of a political tool for ministers to gain mileage, another senior government official said. "Dredgers were shifted to Kolkata in Mukul Roy's tenure in 2012 and to Sethusamudram when TR Balu became the minister," the official added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India story strong under new government: BofA chiefArun Jaitley
(US is on solid footing. Consumers…)
Brian Moynihan, 55, chairman and CEO, Bank of America, spoke to R Sriram and MC Govardhana Rangan in an extensive interview, touching upon various matters such as the global economy, local business and the change in investor perception about India after the new government took charge. He says tight regulations will not cripple financial innovations that can benefit customers. Edited excerpts:
What are your clients saying about India? How do they see their business prospects?
The enthusiasm of the corporate sector, both the multinational and India based corporate sector, the enthusiasm, optimism, and confidence are all looking up instead of looking down as last year. People are excited and you see that everywhere. A strong leader and they can see the reforms. They tell us it is great stuff and they want to continue to see it come to fruition.
You met Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Prime Minister Narendra Modi. What was your impression?
They have a clear view of what they want to accomplish. They realise it takes work and takes detailed plans and implementation, which is good because that is what it does take. I mean I run a big company and know that you have to have execution plans. They are very enthusiastic. In the case of the prime minister, I can see why people are impressed with him, the dynamic nature. Even a short conversation with him is enough and we can see why people see the optimism.
What do you, as the head of one of the biggest US banks, look forward to?
At Bank of America, we have global businesses. We help companies prosper by lending them money, by cash management, by helping raise capital. We are here to help create things. What we need is the right conditions for growth and that is what we are trying to establish. There is really substantial enthusiasm represented by the investment flows. The stories are good. There is a lot of enthusiasm around the change in government. And by the way, there are not a lot of other great stories around the world right now for people to get enthused about. On a relative basis, this is a very strong story. So you see that from the investor community. That is why the interest has gone up so much.
India is part of BRICS. When others are weakening, how does India differ?
People come up with names and concepts simplifying complex things. There are a lot of countries in the world and each one is absolutely different. On the other hand, each one is actually tied together. You look at this country and this economy and how it relates to other countries and other economies and how the interest level is, and whether this is part of the BRICS or not part of the BRICS is a relevant dialogue. The question is what will go on here fundamentally and then what people think about it. There has been an interest developing in the global nature of US businesses that are mid-sized in the world and vice-versa and so large Indian companies are helping them to start around the world and the United States now.
 
There are worries due to the West's easy monetary policy. Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan has also warned of it. How do you see things?
The world is easier when it is growing because then the decisions are easy. In the US, we have got to be serious about our fiscal position and our debt levels and pension liabilities. But you also have to have the discipline, and that is what policymakers get paid for. But the fear of the US slipping back, which we do not see at all, but the potential that they can slip back into recession when the world has slowed down would not be good for the world. The consumption in the US drives a lot of economic activity and so we have got to keep all the economies moving forward.
Will this cause the next asset bubble — a bond bubble?
I am not an economist, so I do not know. The question is: what is the alternative? If a country is not employing more people, not creating jobs and not growing, you cannot just sit and say, well, that is going to be the circumstance. You have got to try to help. We are extending credit every day in the markets but not too much. So we want companies that can service debt but also have access to leverage and that is the same strategy governments and society have to take.
Stanley Fischer and William Dudley of the Fed talked about raising rates without spooking yields. Is the US economic recovery on track?

Gain from PSU divestmentGain from PSU divestment
Is your debt fund taking too much riskIs your debt fund taking too much risk
Asia Stocks Firm After Robust US Jobs Data  Dollar Stands TallYou are here: Home Market
Asia Stocks Firm After Robust US Jobs Data, Dollar Stands Tall
Associated Press | Updated On: December 08, 2014 07:55 (IST)
Tokyo: Asian stocks stood firm and the dollar notched fresh seven-year highs against the yen on Monday after much stronger-than-expected jobs data underlined the strength of the US economy.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was unchanged. Australian shares gained 0.8 percent.
Tokyo's Nikkei rose 0.3 per cent, poking above 18,000 for the first time since July 2007.
Data on Friday showed US non-farm payrolls in November surged by 321,000, easily topping forecasts for 230,000 new jobs.
The Dow and S&P closed at record highs in light of the robust employment numbers, although the gains were modest with increasing signs of economic strength seen drawing the Federal Reserve closer to hiking rates.
The dollar was steady at 121.520 yen after touching a new seven-year high of 121.860. The dollar index hovered near a 5-1/2 year high of 89.467.
A bullish dollar worked against crude oil, with the stronger greenback making commodities denominated in the US currency less affordable for holders of other currencies.
US crude was down $1.03 at $64.81 a barrel, heading towards a five-year low of $63.72 struck a week ago, with a strong US jobs report doing little to lift the bearish mood.
Some observers focused on the positives of cheaper oil.
"The good news is that the fall in crude oil prices will provide well over two-thirds of the world's consumers with a windfall gain, particularly, the US, North Asian and Indian consumer. It is of modest help to Europe as well," Sean Darby, chief global equity strategist at Jefferies, said in a note to clients.
"This windfall gain ought to boost global GDP by around 0.5 per cent for every US$20/barrel drop in oil prices (with a lag)."
The dollar stood tall against the euro, which languished near a two-year low of $1.2270.
The common currency was also weighed down after Standard & Poors on Friday cut Italy's sovereign rating to BBB-, just a notch above junk
The euro and yen are expected to remain on the defensive against the dollar indefinitely as the strong US jobs data further contrasted the divergent monetary policy paths of the Fed and its European and Japanese counterparts who are mired in underwhelming easing schemes.
While the Fed is seen to have moved a step nearer to hiking rates, the European Central Bank is under pressure to enhance its stimulus programme while the Bank of Japan remains far from reaching its inflation target.
Germany's Bundesbank halved its 2015 growth forecast for Europe's largest economy on Friday and also trimmed its estimate for this year, though its president said there were signs that current weakness would soon be overcome.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

New body replacing Plan Panel likely by Jan-endNew body replacing Plan Panel likely by Jan-end
Sushma Swaraj bats for Bhagavad Gita as a national scriptureComments
External affairs minister Sushma Swaraj on Sunday urged the Centre to declare the Bhagavad Gita a national scripture and applauded Prime Minister Narendra Modi for presenting the book to world leaders.
External affairs minister Sushma Swaraj with Haryana chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar and Yoga guru Ramdev in New Delhi on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
“PM Modi gifted the Gita to US President Barack Obama, which means it has already received the honour of a national scripture. What we require is only a formal announcement now,” Sushma Swaraj said in a public meeting to mark 5,151 years of the Bhagavad Gita at the Red Fort.
Underscoring the importance of the Gita's role in daily life, she said its message to perform one's duty without feeling attached to its outcome is what guides her sense of duty at the ministry.
The Gita, believed to be the advice of Lord Krishna, is a 700-verse Hindu scripture that is part of the epic Mahabharata. Its call for selfless action inspired many leaders of the independence movement, including Mahatma Gandhi who referred to the Gita as his ‘spiritual dictionary’.
PM Modi had also gifted the Gita to Japan PM Shinzo Abe and the Emperor of Japan during his five-day trip in September.
Her comment evoked instant reactions from Opposition parties including the Congress, Janata Dal (United) and the Trinamool Congress. They are likely to raise the issue in the Parliament on Monday.
Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) leader Ashok Singhal, yoga guru Ramdev and Haryana chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar were present at the function.
“I am able to face the challenges as minister only because of the teachings of the Gita. The book contains answers to everybody’s problems,” Swaraj said at the function.
Reacting to her comment, the Trinamool Congress tweeted: “The constitution is the holy book in a democracy”, adding that they respected all religious books.
Congress leader Manish Tewari said the essence of the Gita lies in its substance and not in its symbolism. “Whoever has internalised the teachings of the Gita will not make frivolous comments such as these,” said Tiwari.
JD (U) president Sharad Yadav dismissed Swaraj’s comments as “rubbish”, saying that “instead of focusing on the task of governance, the National Democratic Alliance leaders were raising mindless issues”.
I urged to make Bhagwat Gita our 'Rashtriya Granth' (national holy book) inside Parliament also: Sushma Swaraj pic.twitter.com/V3Q5e1mD7W

Banks to lower base rates before RBI cuts policy rateBanks to lower base rates before RBI cuts policy rate
Opening Bell 8 December | Global equities firm on strong US jobs dataOpening Bell 8 December | Global equities firm on strong US jobs data
China November exports up 4.7 percent year-on-year  well below forecastChina November exports up 4.7 percent year-on-year  well below forecast
DGCA s order will impact our revenues: SpiceJet COO Sanjiv KapoorDGCA s order will impact our revenues: SpiceJet COO Sanjiv Kapoor
Yes  i am expecting same in next one year. it will move towards 200 by...Platinum Member
160 Followers
HCL-info. has strong business strategy to improve business at this India Bhoom Bhoom economy. It will start soon and once it crosses 100...we can expect a big move.
In reply to : saithorana999 message
8.50 AM Dec 8th

Snowman must stay above 106 level to confirm further possible upside t...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Pilots changing job and applying to other airlines ......now is this t...Platinum Member
83 Followers
Crude is now heading 68. Another 20-25% cut in ATF price is coming. Had there been slight stability of spicejet operation, it would have flied like Jet did last week (40% gain). Operational issues are playing havoc on this counter - accentuated by heavy duty media reporting.
let us see where it is headed.
My total guess is that spice shall head lower (5%) and jet higher (5%) and eventually Jet shall pull SJ in green. Let us see what happens.
In reply to : k4453 message
8.35 AM Dec 8th

RBI panel decides against replacing Gandhi on currency notesRBI panel decides against replacing Gandhi with other personalities on banknotes
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 16:21 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) panel has decided against the inclusion of any other national leader's image on banknotes saying that no other personality could better represent the ethos of the country than Mahatma Gandhi.
On the advice of the government, RBI had in October 2010 constituted a Committee for designing future currency notes, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
Jaitley said the Committee, inter alia, deliberated on the issue of changing the existing image of Mahatma Gandhi and inclusion of certain other personalities in the new design of banknotes.
After due consideration, the Committee decided that no other personality could better represent the ethos of the country than Mahatma Gandhi, the finance minister said.
In reply to a question, Jaitley said during the last three years RBI has received 21 complaints about circulation of fake currency through Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) installed by various public/private banks.
The central bank seeks a report upon receiving a complaint in this regard and takes such action as deemed fit based on the report, including issue of advisory to the concerned bank, Jaitley said.
RBI has issued instructions to banks that banknotes in denominations of Rs 100 and above should be re-issued by banks over their counters or through ATMs only if these banknotes are duly checked for authenticity/genuineness and fitness by machines.

Multiple terror attacks in Jammu and Kashmir leave 18 deadEYE BROWSE
Multiple terror attacks in Jammu and Kashmir leave 18 dead
Lt. Col. Sankalp Kumar and a junior commissioned officer were among the soldiers killed in the audacious pre-dawn terror attack that took place at the army's Field Ordnance Camp located at Mohra near the border town of Uri.
Yahoo India –  Fri 5 Dec, 2014
Print
SRINAGAR: Eight army men, including a senior officer, three policemen and a lone civilian were killed when heavily armed militants mounted a brazen attack on an army camp in Baramulla district of Jammu and Kashmir, in an escalation of violence in the midst of assembly elections in the state. This is the worst loss for security forces in more than a year in Jammu and Kashmir.
Six militants were also gunned in the gun battle that lasted several hours.
The attack comes in the midst of the five-phase assembly elections in the state. The third phase of elections is due Dec 9. The polls began Nov 25 and end Dec 20, with the votes to be counted Dec 23.
Terrorists attacked security personnel and police stations in Uri, Pulwama, Tral and Shopian.
Lt. Col. Sankalp Kumar and a junior commissioned officer were among the soldiers killed in the audacious pre-dawn terror attack that took place at the army's Field Ordnance Camp located at Mohra near the border town of Uri, the official said.
The group of gunmen sneaked close to the army camp and struck at 3 a.m. But they met with stiff resistance at the main gate of the army camp.
The sentries on duty heard the gunshots and challenged the rebels who were armed with automatic weapons and hand grenades.
There are differing accounts of whether the militants managed to enter the army camp. An officer said that they did enter, but the attack was repulsed, while another said that the gunfight was confined to the main gate of the camp.
The gun battle was now over, a senior police officer told IANS.
The state's chief minister, Omar Abdullah, said the attack "once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy".
The escalation of militant violence in recent weeks coinciding with elections to Jammu and Kashmir's state legislature is testing Modi's resolve to deal firmly with security threats while he focuses on reviving economic growth.
Tens of thousands of people, weary of decades of strife and lack of development, have voted in the state election that ends this month.
The violence was not deterring voters, as election officials said turnout for the first two of five phases was about 70 percent.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has visited twice in the last month, and is due to return Monday to give a campaign speech in Srinagar.
After months of lull in the valley, there has been a flurry of attacks by terrorists as they had earlier called a boycott of the assembly elections.
The recent attacks are being seen as a threat to people who have been ignoring calls by terrorists and turning out to vote for large numbers.
Recommend

Drinking water crisis in Maldives  India to the rescueDrinking water crisis in Maldives, India to the rescue
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Fri 5 Dec, 2014
Print
New Delhi: India Friday extended "all assistance" to Maldives, which has declared emergency after a fire at capital's sole water sewage treatment plan led to shortage of drinking water in the Indian Ocean archipelago nation.
Foreign ministry spokesman Syed Akbaruddin tweeted: "India to provide all assistance to Maldives in facing water shortage due to fire in desalination plant."
He added that the "first sortie" of Indian assistance arrived in Male.
"First IL-76 with drinking water from India lands in Male," he said.
"Big bird comes with water in its bowels. India's High Commissioner in Maldives @RajeevShahare hands over assistance," he added.
Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj in a tweet said that she has spoken to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the situation. She said prime minister "has promised all help."
She also said that Maldives Foreign Minister Dunya Maumoon spoke to her Thursday night and informed her that there was urgent need of drinking water in Maldives.
Swinging into action, India has pressed into service five air force transport aircraft and one naval vessel carrying a large consignment of potable water to meet the immediate requirements, an official statement said.
The Indian Navy late Thursday dispatched offshore patrol vessel INS Sukanya with 35 tonnes of fresh water. The vessel also has two Reverse Osmosis (RO) plants onboard which have a capacity of producing 20 tonnes of fresh water per day.
Sukanya was on a routine patrol off Kochi and was diverted to reach Male at the earliest to render necessary assistance and all possible help to Maldivian authorities.
Apart from the IL-76 carrying 22 tonnes of potable water, a C-17 Globemaster III with 28 tonnes have already reached Male.
Another C-17 Globemaster III carrying 50 tonnes of water will be reaching Male Friday evening while two more IL-76s are scheduled to leave New Delhi Friday night.
Maldives has no natural water source and consumes only treated sea water. The problem arose after a major fire broke out at the Male Water and Sewerage Company (MWSC) generator control panel Thursday, causing extensive damage to the cabling to the distillation plants and disconnection of water supply.
According to reports, about 100,000 people in capital Male have been left without safe water to drink from the tap. The only water available at Male is stored in tanks and sumps and is being supplied for one hour every 12 hours.
The Maldives, known for its pristine beaches and scuba diving, had appealed to India, Sri Lanka, China and the US for help in providing drinking water.
--Indo-Asia News Service

Shades of grey in designer baby ethicsDecember 5, 2014 6:58 pm
Shades of grey in the ethics of designer babies
Anjana Ahuja
One might hope society would recoil at selecting the perfect shade embryo, writes Anjana Ahuja
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8fc7854a-7bb3-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Forex reserves rise by $1.43 bn for week ended Nov 28Forex reserves rise by $1.43 bn to $316.31 bn for week ended Nov 28
IANS     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 13:19 IST
Photo: Reuters
Country's foreign exchange reserves grew by $1.43 billion to $316.31 billion for the week ended November 28, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data showed.
The reserves had fallen by $672.4 million to $314.87 billion in the week ended Nov 21.
According to the RBI's weekly statistical supplement, foreign currency assets, the biggest component of the forex reserves, rose $1.42 billion at $290.82 billion in the week under review.
The foreign currency assets had declined $664.3 million at $289.39 billion in the previous week (Nov 21).
The RBI said the foreign currency assets, expressed in US dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation or depreciation of non-US currencies such as the pound sterling, euro and yen held in reserve.
India's reserve position with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) was up $2.5 million to $1.52 billion.
The value of special drawing rights (SDRs) was higher by $6.4 million at $4.22 billion.
The value of gold reserves which was static since Oct 3 at $20.01 billion and had declined by 275 million at $19.73 billion for the week ended Oct 31, stayed the same in the week ended November 21.

Modi faces Vajpayee test in KashmirUpdated: December 7, 2014 07:55 IST
Modi faces Vajpayee test in Kashmir
Varghese K. George
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with other leaders during an election rally in Hazaribagh on Saturday.
TOPICS
regional elections
His poll speech tomorrow will be compared to the former Prime Minister’s
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s speech at the Sher-e-Kashmir stadium on Monday — his first election rally in the Kashmir Valley — will inevitably be compared to a path-breaking speech made at the same venue 11 years ago by the then Prime Minister, Atal Bihari Vajpayee, who is the most fondly remembered Indian leader here.
“Mr. Vajpayeeji did not offer us azadi [freedom], but for the first time, there was a willingness by New Delhi to discuss the issue,” recalled separatist leader Mirwaiz Umar Farooq.
“Mr. Vajpayee’s statesmanship was defined by his approach to Kashmir. For Modi, too, the only route to statesmanship is through Kashmir,” said Naeem Akhtar, leader of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), widely considered the front runner in the Assembly election. Against the shadow of a series of terror attacks in the valley, Mr. Modi’s task will be even more difficult.
Mr. Vajpayee summarised what he offered to Kashmir in a statement in the Lok Sabha in April 2003: “Issues can be resolved if we move forward guided by the three principles of Insaaniyat [humanism], Jamhooriyat [democracy] and Kashmiriyat [Kashmir’s age old legacy of amity].”
Mr. Modi has reiterated his government’s commitment to the “Vajpayee approach” to Kashmir, and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told a gathering in Srinagar last week that strict action taken against the Army personnel involved in the shooting of innocent youths recently was proof of New Delhi’s humanitarian approach.
But the separatists, regional parties and the local media are unanimous that Mr. Modi’s actions are opposite to Mr. Vajpayee’s. “So far, there is no signal from Mr. Modi to indicate that he is following the path of Mr. Vajpayee. The Modi style of politics is only complicating the Kashmir problem,” Mr. Akhtar said.
There are three specific counts on which a cross section of Kashmiri opinion consider Mr. Modi different from Mr. Vajpayee: in keeping Pakistan off, in questioning the credibility of the regional mainstream parties, PDP and the National Conference, and in ignoring the separatist groups.
Mr. Vajpayee involved Pakistan, empowered regional players and engaged the separatists. “It was Mr. Vajpayeeji who facilitated our trip to Pakistan then. Now, we are being quarantined,” Mr. Farooq said.
Mr. Modi’s Kashmir policy is complicated by his ambition to create a footprint for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the Valley. The BJP’s campaign in the valley is in the same format as elsewhere in the country — regional parties controlled by entrenched political families have not been honest to the people and the BJP can offer a better deal.
Added to this is a debate on Article 370 that the BJP wants to initiate and statements from BJP leaders suggesting a Hindu Chief Minister for Jammu and Kashmir. “The BJP campaign overlooks the specificities of the State,” Mr. Akhtar said.
The triumphalism that dominates reporting on Jammu and Kashmir election, highlighting the unprecedented turnout as an endorsement of New Delhi’s position and Kashmir’s abdication of other political aspirations, has put the regional parties which are participating in the election in a fix.
“Please don’t make a big issue out of the turnout. The Kashmir issue needs resolution separately,” PDP leader Mehbooba Mufti said. “Boycotting elections is a mistake. Equally big a mistake it would be to argue that everything is all right because people are voting,” said Sajjad Lone, leader of People’s Conference, a former separatist now friendly with the BJP.
With conflicting expectations from him to be tough on Pakistan and on separatism on the one hand, and to be accommodative and generous on the other, whatever Mr. Modi says on Monday will have a long-lasting impact on the politics of a region at the centre of a conflict between two nuclear powers.

Typhoon Hagupit tears into PhilippinesLast updated: December 7, 2014 7:15 am
Typhoon Hagupit tears into Philippines
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/75e04202-7d6b-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No changes in Rail freight  fare structure till next Budget‘No changes in Rail freight, fare structure till next Budget’
Our Bureau
Fuel adjustment component in next budget will account for price change
New Delhi, December 7:  
Indian Railways will not make any changes in its freight or fare structure on account of fuel adjustment component (FAC) till the next Railway Budget, Arunendra Kumar, Chairman, Railway Board, said a press conference here on Friday.
The FAC in the next Budget will account for changes in fuel prices during April-September 2014 against the same period last fiscal, said Kumar. He declined to share the net effect of the price movement indicating that there could have been increase in electricity bill, and drop in diesel bill.
Meanwhile, the Rail Ministry has decided to constitute a High Level Committee to identify factors, issues and avenues for improving the financial health of Indian Railways. The committee will be headed by D.K. Mittal, former Secretary, Financial Services. The Members will include Secretary, Economic Affairs or his Representative, Advisor (Accounts), Railway Board, CMDs of RITES, IRCON, Container Corporation of India and Managing Director of RLDA, and representatives from Boston Consulting Group and McKinsey India. Executive Director Finance (Resource Mobilisation) will be the associate on behalf of the Ministry of Railways.
The committee will study the existing revenue structure and avenues for realising revenue in Indian Railways, identify areas in the existing revenue structure for improving revenue; areas for containing leakage of revenue. It has to submit a report by December 21.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Gurgaon rape case: Radio taxi firms hit out against UberRadio taxi companies seek to distance themselves from app-based services
Our Bureau
Talk radio Kunal Lalani (left), President of the Association of Radio Taxis, addresses the media with founder member Rajiv Vij. - Ramesh Sharma
Accuse cab aggregators of flouting rules and regulations
Mumbai, December 7:  
The Association of Radio Taxis, which includes Mega Cabs, Easy Cabs and Meru Cabs, sought to distance itself from unlicensed App-based cab services, demanding regulatory steps to ensure passenger safety.
At a press conference here on Tuesday, Kunal Lalani, the Association’s President and Chairman of Mega Cabs, said: “An impression is being created that all radio cabs are unsafe. But that is completely false because we are running licensed services in accordance with rules laid down by State governments.”
Rajiv Vij, Managing Director of Carzonrent, which runs Easy Cabs, said: “Banning is no solution, but our reading of the Government action (of banning Uber and six other cab firms) is that the law of the land has to be followed.”
Without naming US-based cab hailing service Uber, Vij said that in the past few months, certain taxi services were being run by firms calling themselves technology companies, and “in that garb, not following rules and regulations”.
The Association added that these cab services follow the aggregation model and are operating taxis without a licence from State transport authorities.
Vij said the Association of Radio Taxis, which has about 19 members and a fleet of about 25,000 taxis, had raised this issue with the Delhi government and some other State Governments, pointing out that App-based cab services were even flouting Supreme Court directions on CNG-driven vehicles by running diesel cabs.
Radio cab firms, whose “safe and reliable” image has taken a hit after the Uber incident, said all their members were licensed and followed every norm, including employing “badge-holder” drivers certified by transport departments, getting driver details verified by private agencies, installing GPS/GPRS even though there is “no regulatory requirement” etc.
“There have been no complaints against any of our members in the past 10 years,” he said on the sidelines.
Lalani said they had also red-flagged the Delhi authorities, seeking amendments in the Delhi Radio Scheme 2006 and demanding a level-playing field with Web-based cab services.
Earlier, the Association had also approached the Reserve Bank of India over Uber’s credit card transactions, saying it was violating foreign exchange regulations.
Asked if the business of radio taxi operators has been impacted by the mushrooming of Web-based cab aggregators, the radio taxi players claimed there was a huge supply-demand gap in key metros.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Doug Fister traveling on USO TourBy James Wagner December 7 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Doug Fister. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)
Doug Fister is continuing the Washington Nationals ‘ tradition of volunteering to make trips overseas. The Nationals starter is traveling on a USO Holiday Tour this week, according to the Department of Defense’s Web site , along with other celebrities. Army General Martin E. Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and a Nationals fan, is leading a group that includes Fister, former Bears linebacker Brian Urlacher, comedian Rob Riggle, country music artist Kellie Pickler, and actresses Dianna Agron and Meghan Markle.
Fister has long had an appreciation for armed personne l. He comes from a family of mostly firefighters and cops, but his grandfather served in the Air Force. It has been a busy offseason for Fister, who was married earlier this winter.
Fister’s participation marks the third straight year that a Nationals player has taken part in the USO Tour. Former first baseman Adam LaRoche went last offseason, while Craig Stammen and Ross Detwiler participated the year before. This year’s tour will stop first in Spain, according to the Department of Defense, but the rest of the tour’s visits aren’t released because out of security concerns.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

Not all CMs are happy with Centre over dissolving Planning CommissionDec 07, 2014 at  10:43pm IST
Not all CMs are happy with Centre over dissolving Planning Commission
19
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi followed up on his Independence day pledge to dismantle Planning Commission by holding the first consultation meeting with chief ministers on Sunday. The PM said there is a need to create a new institution in the spirit of "cooperative federalism", a body that will encourage the planning process to be 'bottom to top' and not 'top to bottom'.
Barring West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and Jammu & Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah, most made it to the meeting. Interestingly,  Mamata Banerjee has been at loggerheads with the NDA government over Burdwan blasts and Saradha scam investigations while Omar Abdullah is busy with Assembly elections in his state. At the meeting, Prime Minister pushed for a new approach. "There is need for a new set-up which will help India take a big leap forward in the spirit of cooperative federalism. The process of policy planning also has to change from 'top to bottom' to 'bottom to top'. We need to develop a new mechanism, that plans according to India's strengths and empowers states," said Modi at the meet.
The government emphasised on cooperative federalism. A discussion note circulated by it envisaged that the new institution to replace the Planning Commission will be a "innovation and knowledge hub", will have two divisions dealing solely with the Unique Identity Authority of India and Direct Benefit Transfer scheme, and also systemic mechanism like a council of chief ministers headed by the Prime Minister to take on board their views.
Chief ministers apart, the Grand Old Party of India, Congress too has strongly expressed its displeasure with the government.
#planning commission #bjp #narendra modi #centre
"Both power and planning has to be decentralized," said Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said at the press conference after the meet.
The government had received around 3000 suggestions about the revamp of the 64-year-old panel. Some CMs, however, are not happy with the government's decision to dismantle the Planning Commission.
While Tamil Nadu raised concerns about transparency in fund allocation, Odisha though extended its support, stressed on mainstreaming gender issues. "I support the initiative in keeping with cooperative federation," said Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik.
Bihar and Assam have clearly opposed the move to scrap the decades old body.
Chief ministers apart, the Grand Old Party of India, Congress too has strongly expressed its displeasure with the government. "Congress opposes and condemns the efforts being made by the BJP Government- in a devious manner characterized by typical subterfuge and doublespeak- to dismantle the Planning Commission. We caution the government against diluting the Commission's functions in the name of reforms aimed at benefiting vested interests," said an official statement from the party.
The final decision on the structure and role of the new institution that will replace the Planning Commission is yet to be taken, but the churning has surely begun.
8

SCI awaits fruition of GAIL s LNG project tenderDec 07, 2014, 03.22 PM IST  | Source: PTI
SCI awaits fruition of GAIL's LNG project tender
State-owned Shipping Corporation of India (SCI) is awaiting the outcome of GAIL's tender for nine LNG vessels which sought poor response from bidders.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SCI awaits fruition of GAIL's LNG project tender
State-owned Shipping Corporation of India (SCI) is awaiting the outcome of GAIL's tender for nine LNG vessels which sought poor response from bidders.
Post your opinion here
 
State-owned Shipping Corporation of India (SCI)  is awaiting the outcome of GAIL's  tender for nine LNG vessels which sought poor response from bidders.
"The tender floated by GAIL for nine LNG vessels did not evoke any response from the bidders which are shipbuilders. The last date was December 4 and got extended till January 6. SCI is supposed to operate the vessels," Arun Kumar Gupta, chairman & managing director, SCI, told PTI. 
Gupta said the reason for the poor response was because GAIL had put in a rider in the tender that out of the three batches of three vessels each, one in each batch would have to be built in an Indian shipyard.
He said that most of the shipbuilders are either Japanese or Koreans.
Gupta said that neither the Japanese nor the Koreans were convinced with the quality of Indian shipyards. "So the response was poor," he said. "If the entire project fails to see the light of the day, then it will be a problem for SCI as it means losing a revenue stream," Gupta said. 
Gupta said that if everything went off well, the SCI would have the step-in rights to pick up a maximum equity of 26 percent in the project by virtue of being a national liner.
"We want to have a share of the pie", he said. Building cost of a single LNG vessel was approximately USD 225 million, he said. The GAIL project cost had been pegged at USD 3 billion. 
Gupta said that SCI was also contemplating to open a subsidiary in Singapore in association with a foreign company.
"One foreign company has asked us to operate their LNG vessels for which we want to have a subsidiary in Singapore," Gupta said. 
Gupta said that SCI was also managing three LNG vessels on behalf of Petronet. "Seeing our costing and expertise, the foreign firm had approached us," he said. GAIL was also planning to invest Rs 300 crore in LPG and offshore segment, he said.
Shipping Corp stock price
On December 10, 2014, Shipping Corporation of India closed at Rs 59.45, down Rs 1.25, or 2.06 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 73.25 and the 52-week low was Rs 35.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.34 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 174.85. The latest book value of the company is Rs 136.11 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.44.
RELATED NEWS

Sebi mulls norms for issuance  listing of muni bondsSebi mulls norms for issuance, listing of muni bonds
Press Trust Of India | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 12:47 AM IST
To help channelise household savings and provide a new investment avenue, market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) will soon come out with a new set of norms to enable issuance and listing of municipal bonds - a popular financial product in developed countries.
Under the proposed framework, currently under consideration of Sebi, municipal bonds would be debt securities issued by states, cities and other government entities which will use the money for infrastructure developments such as buildings, schools, highways, hospitals, sewage systems and other projects for the public good. An internal Sebi panel, the Corporate Bonds and Securities Advisory Committee (CoBoSAC) had constituted a sub-committee to specify the disclosure and other requirements for issuance and listing of municipal bonds.
The sub-committee has given its report to the CoBoSAC, whose recommendations would form the basis to draft norms for the way ahead of these bonds and the final guidelines would be put in place after going through a public consultation process on the draft norms, a senior official said.
Commonly known as muni bonds, these investment products are very popular among investors in many developed nations, especially the United States, where it has attracted investments totalling $500 billion and are among preferred avenues for household savings.
These bonds can be issued by urban local bodies to finance infrastructure such as water supply and sanitation.
They serve as an efficient tool for local bodies to mop up funds and can be extensively tapped to meet funding needs of urbanisation, while providing a new investment avenue to the public and institutional investors.
The market for muni bonds has not yet taken off in India even though few municipalities here have offered such products in the past, while Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation in Gujarat was the first to launch such a bond, in 1998.
While there is already an existing framework for issuance of muni bonds, including by the ministry of urban development, there are no unified norms to bolster this nascent market.
The fresh push for muni bonds has come at a time when the regulators and the government are looking at ways to channelise household savings into the market to boost overall economic growth.
India's savings rate stood at little over 30 per cent of the gross domestic product (GDP) in the financial year 2012-13, while household savings rate was nearly 22 per cent during the same period.
In India, muni bonds were issued for the first time by a municipality in Gujarat, the home state of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
In 1998, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation had become the first municipality to come out with muni bonds. Since then few others, including Greater Vishakhapatnam Municipal Corporation, had issued such bonds.
India would need more than Rs 800 billion investments to cater to the urban infrastructure needs over two decades, according to the industry chamber Assocham, and muni bonds can serve as an effective fund-raising instrument in this regard.
Besides the US, other countries with a developed muni bond market include Canada and Russia.

New Plan panel to reflect federal structureNew Plan panel to reflect federal structure
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 12:35 AM IST
The new body that will replace the five-decade Planning Commission of India is expected to have wider representation from the states, as it will devise central schemes in consultation with state governments.
According to a broad consensus that emerged from the day-long meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and chief ministers, or their representatives, from all states on Sunday, the existing structure of the Commission will be disbanded and the schemes might not apply to all states  uniformly.
The Congress party, however, termed the move to dismantle it “unwarranted, shortsighted and dangerous”. It will have a long-term adverse effect on Centre-state relations, it warned and asserted the panel needed “reorientation” and not “political burial”.
This was Modi’s first meeting with the chief ministers after coming to power six months ago. The new structure could be permanent, comprising the prime minister, some Cabinet ministers and some chief ministers, along with technocrats, bureaucrats and experts from various fields.
Chief ministers could be included in the body by rotation and the states could be given liberty to spend funds according to their needs.
The new body might have a statutory role, not enjoyed by the previous Commission. It could be firmed up by January 26.
ALSO READ:  Planning Commission replacement shouldn't allocate funds, say experts
Addressing the media after the consultations, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said most state governments favoured a change in the existing Commission’s structure and wanted a system where their ability to deliver was strengthened.
“There were a few state governments which wanted changes to be made in the existing structure and not a new body but an overwhelming majority was in favour of a new structure to replace the Planning Commission,” said Jaitley.
He added the government would take a considered view soon on the structure of the new Plan body, once the consultative process was over.
According to Jaitley, other issues related to the Commission, such as the name of the new body and future of the five-year Plan process, will be addressed later.
“There was also a view that the new structure should be more like a ‘think-tank’, so that the private sector can also have a role,” he said.
Planning Commission secretary Sindhushree Khullar in her presentation to the chief ministers said the new body should group states based on their geography, demography, state of economy and urbanisation.
A professional Development Monitoring and Evaluation Office should also be set up and a proper evaluation of project and programmes should be done.
In his opening address, Modi said the process of policy planning had to change from “top to bottom” and “bottom to top”.
Modi said the replacement to the Planning Commission must incorporate the concept of “Team India”, which according to him is a combination of three teams — the PM and chief ministers; Union council of ministers; and the bureaucracy in the Centre and states.
He also recalled the remarks made by former prime minister Manmohan Singh, while addressing the meeting of the Commission in April, that the body had no futuristic vision in the post-reform period.
Chief ministers of Congress-ruled states wanted the existing structure to continue.
Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy said the Centre’s “arbitrary decision to dismantle” the Commission without convening a meeting of the National Development Council (NDC) or consulting the states undermined the federal structure.
According to him, the proposal to replace the Commission with a new body was “half-baked, unwarranted and ignores the need of planned development” of the country.
Uttar Pradesh CM Akhilesh Yadav said the practice of “one-size-fits-all” should be discarded by the new body as without a flexible policy, states with differing needs cannot develop.
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, who sent state finance minister Amit Mitra to attend the meeting, favoured replacing the Commission with the Inter-State Council where the NDC could be subsumed.

Panneerselvam wants stronger role for States in plan panelUpdated: December 8, 2014 01:36 IST
Panneerselvam wants stronger role for States in plan panel
Special Correspondent
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam.
TOPICS
state politics
Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam on Sunday called for a stronger role for the States, commensurate with their growing clout, in the new institution envisaged to replace the Planning Commission.
Speaking at the meeting of the Chief Ministers convened in New Delhi by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss the shape of the new institution, Mr. Panneerselvam tore into the Planning Commission’s style of functioning and the existing model of power-sharing.
“The general approach of the Union Planning Commission and of the Central Ministries to proposals and suggestions from the State governments has been arrogant and condescending. The States have been placed at the whim and mercy of different Ministries in Delhi to receive approvals and sanctions… ,” he said.
This was despite the steady shift in a “real political and economic power away from the Centre.”
Mr. Panneerselvam proposed that the Chief Ministers be given representation in the new body, and the views of the States be heard at multiple levels for a truly participatory functioning of the body.
Given the profound changes that had occurred in the economy ever since it was opened up, the new institution should create sector-wise vision documents with a long-term perspective, he said. However, the medium-term five-year planning remained relevant. “The Perspective and Five Year Plans should give the States sufficient elbow room to develop their own long- and medium-range plans,” he said, pitching for the scrapping of annual plan discussions that had become “ritualistic.”
As for the current model of fund flow from the Centre to the States, he said that at least 50 per cent of the aggregate resources should be shared under Article 270 of the Constitution, based on the recommendations of the Finance Commission. “There has always been a lack of transparency in the manner in which plan funds are transferred to the States. These flows have never been predictable, and they have tended to be discretionary and, at times, discriminatory,” he said, criticising the Commission for resorting to mid-year reductions in allocations in an arbitrary manner.
Expressing Tamil Nadu’s reservations about the direct benefit transfer, Mr. Panneerselvam, recalling the former Chief Minister, Jayalalithaa’s views, said the State was opposed to “the subsidy element under the Public Distribution System, including kerosene and fertilizers, where the concern is not just the quantum of subsidy but, more importantly, access to and timely availability of commodities.”
“Tamil Nadu also strongly urges the Government of India to effect transfer of cash to the bank accounts of the beneficiaries only through the State governments as this would be an administratively sound practice, given the complexities of different schemes and varying Central and State shares, and in keeping with the spirit of federalism which forms the backdrop to these discussions,” he said.

Hat-trick and 400th Barca goal for Lionel MessiNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Messi scored yet another hat-trick and surpassed 400 club goals as Barcelona came from behind to win the Catalan derby 5-1 against Espanyol in La Liga on Sunday.
The Argentine, who holds the La Liga and Champions League scoring records, produced a now familiar devastating performance to take his record to 402 goals for Barca in all competitions, including 28 in friendlies.
Messi produced his tour de force, predictably, just a day after Cristiano Ronaldo, his rival for title of world’s best player, scored a La Liga record 23rd hat-trick against Celta Vigo for Real Madrid.
Messi may have two fewer La Liga hat-tricks than the Portuguese but he has 29 to Ronaldo’s 27 in official matches for their Spanish clubs.
Former Barca player Sergio Garcia put Espanyol ahead at the Nou Camp but Messi, who had earlier hit the crossbar with a free kick, equalised before halftime, his landmark 400th goal coming with a clinical strike from the edge of the area.
Shortly after the break, Luis Suarez found the Argentine and he again hit the corner of the net from a similar distance.
Espanyol were in disarray and Gerard Pique was allowed a free header from a corner to add to the lead after 53 minutes.
Substitute Pedro latched onto a long ball from Jordi Alba to grab another and, with nine minutes remaining, he set up Messi for a brilliantly executed third.
The win leaves Barca in second place in La Liga, two points behind Real Madrid.
“Until the first goal the game was at a slow tempo which is what we are used to as rivals just pack the defence,” Barca coach Luis Enrique told a news conference.
“When we conceded, the doubts came and we couldn’t find an end product to our play. The key came with the goal before the break and then after that it was all a lot easier.”
David Moyes, the former Manchester United manager, suffered his first defeat as coach of Real Sociedad as they were crushed 4-0 at Villarreal.
The floodgates opened in the second half after an Enaut Zubikarai own goal, with Denis Cheryshev adding another before a late double from Moi Gomez.
TAGS: FC Barcelona La Liga Lionel Messi
More from miscellaneous

Six LF parties to launch countrywide protesttodayBy: Express News Service | Kolkata |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:35 am
Left Front chairman and politburo member Biman Bose said on Sunday that six of the Left Front parties — CPI-M, CPI, RSP, Forward Bloc, SUCI (Communist) and CPI(ML)L — have decided to launch a countrywide mass movement from December 8 to 14 to protest against several moves of the Centre, including raising the FDI cap in insurance sector to 49 per cent and imposition of RSS and Hidutva ideologies in education sector.
The Left parties will also protest against other issues such as spread of communal hatred in the name of love jihad and encroachment upon rights of minorities.
“Eleven of our allies in the state have decided to participate in the movement during that time. There would be street corner meets and sit-in demonstrations among other forms of protest in all the districts here. In Kolkata, there will be a demonstration on December 11 at Y Channel from 2 pm to 5 pm,” Bose said at a press conference on Sunday.
Opposing the Centre’s decision to elevate the Bhagvad Gita to the status of a national scripture, Bose said this was an attempt to implement the ideologies of RSS and Hindutva in the country.
He said the party was going to oppose the amendment of West Bengal Agricultural Marketing Bill on Monday at the Assembly. “According to what we had heard, through this amendment, the government was planning to let multi-national companies take over agricultural marketing, without any control of the state government. Immediately big players will come into the picture and dictate terms on 84 per cent of the population which is connected to agriculture,” he said.
Talking about the restrictions on journalists which are likely to be imposed at Nabanna, the state secretariat, he said it was an attempt to tie down the media. “Journalists would be asked to go to the press corner straight and will not have any right to go elsewhere. They are not anti-socials. It is like a milder version of the Emergency. It is obnoxious and we condemn it strongly.”
Referring to the clash of rallies between Left and TMC on Saturday, Bose said their programme had been scheduled long ago. “The TMC had all of a sudden announced their rally. It is an irony that TMC was launching an attack on democracy from a meeting near the Mahatma Gandhi statue,” Bose said.

http://usat.ly/1FO3r0BEMAIL
AP
Apple (AAPL) . Tesla (TSLA) . GoPro (GPRO) . These seem to be the only three stocks that matter to investors.  But fixating on these stocks leaves out all kinds of stocks that can ride these well-known companies’ success.
Investors wanting to avoid the pack are digging deeper to find “sidekicks” to these darling stocks that might have as much – or even more – potential upside. These sidekicks are stocks listed as suppliers to Apple, Tesla and GoPro that have market values of $4 billion or more with the most upside before hitting their 18-month price targets in S&P Capital IQ’s database. These are the “Robins” to the “Batmans” on Wall Street.
As the bull market ages, it’s increasingly important to distance yourself from the pack pushing darling stocks to nosebleed valuations. You’re not the first investor to consider buying shares of Apple, Tesla or GoPro. These stocks are the favorites of the current market and are racing higher as a result.
Here’s the problem. Chasing after stocks that everyone else is buying is usually not a good way to make money, since the higher the current price, the lower the expected future gains.
Apple is a great example of the price of popularity. The stock is up roughly 40% this year. But that means it’s already trading for about what analysts think the stock is worth. The current price is just 4% below the average analyst’s 18-month price target, says S&P Capital IQ. Shares have erased more than $20 billion in value in two days as investors readjust their expectations.
S&P Capital IQ doesn’t contain every supplier to these companies, as many relationships are secret. But investors can get a good idea of the companies that feed into these giants — and disclose having a supplier relations in regulatory filings.
APPLE’s sidekicks
Being a supplier to Apple can be like hitting the jackpot for many companies. Apple makes so many smartphones that supplying the giant is a huge source of potential profits. Apple closely guards its list of suppliers so it takes a big of guessing and regulatory filing diving.
The Apple supplier that analysts like the best is Korea’s LG Display. Analysts see that stock having nearly 20% upside before hitting the 18-month price target. But investors hoping to stay a little closer to home, audio equipment maker Harman (HAR) is listed as a supplier. The company’s stock has 18% upside before hitting analysts’ 18-month price target.
APPLE SUPPLIERS VALUED AT $4 BILLION OR MORE WITH GREATEST UPSIDE TO ANALYST TARGETS
Company

Not Rs 200 or 250 cr: Hero clarifies on Tiger Woods dealDec 07, 2014, 03.22 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Not Rs 200 or 250 cr: Hero clarifies on Tiger Woods deal
Rebutting the inflated figures reported on the Tiger Woods endorsement deal, Hero MotoCorp today clarified that the amount quoted by media was way beyond their actual deal.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Not Rs 200 or 250 cr: Hero clarifies on Tiger Woods deal
Rebutting the inflated figures reported on the Tiger Woods endorsement deal, Hero MotoCorp today clarified that the amount quoted by media was way beyond their actual deal.
Post your opinion here
 
Rebutting the inflated figures reported on the Tiger Woods endorsement deal, Hero MotoCorp  today clarified that the amount quoted by media was way beyond their actual deal.
Soon after the endorsement deal was announced by Hero MotoCorp Vice Chairman and Managing Director Pawan Munjal on Monday, media outlets and market analysts had pegged the deal to be in the bracket of Rs 200-250 crore.
However, Munjal today sought to clear the air about the four-year deal with the American golf legend, who is a winner of 14 Major titles.
"Those are not correct figures. Absolutely speculative numbers. And they are also way beyond our signing amount," Munjal told PTI. 
"Unfortunately I cannot declare the amount of the deal but figures reported are beyond the actual signing amount," the veteran industrialist said.
Asked if he thinks, media was obsessed with figures, Munjal was cautious in his reply. "Not just media but anyone would like to know what the company has signed. I am glad in a way that these very high numbers are floating around. It clearly shows the worth of the celebrity. In one way, my stand is vindicated that I have done the right thing. While the numbers are not correct but that's the worth of the celebrity," he said. 
"Media should be more pragmatic," he added. 
While Munjal did not disclose the signing amount, an official, who did not wish to be named said that the deal was close to Rs 120 crore for four years. "It's actually close to 5 million USD a year. So it comes in the bracket of Rs 115-120 crore," the official, who is privy to the deal details, claimed. 
There was also speculation that legendary footballers Cristiano Ronaldo and James Rodriguez are likely to be roped in by Hero MotoCorp, keeping an eye on the European market. 
However, Munjal said they have no such plans as yet. "If you remember when I met you on Monday, I had said that this is not the first and last endorsement. Hero will be working in future with more celebrities whether from the sporting field or from the entertainment world. But there is nothing on the anvil right now. We are not talking to anyone today," Munjal said.
Hero Motocorp stock price
On December 10, 2014, Hero Motocorp closed at Rs 3134.00, down Rs 12.2, or 0.39 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 3271.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 1907.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 120.45 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 26.02. The latest book value of the company is Rs 280.43 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 11.18.
RELATED NEWS

DHFL sees 30% jump in net profit in FY15Dec 07, 2014, 03.22 PM IST  | Source: PTI
DHFL sees 30% jump in net profit in FY15
Private sector housing finance company DHFL expects a rise of over 30 percent in its net profit to Rs 700 crore during 2014-15 as it looks to expand presence in smaller towns.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
DHFL sees 30% jump in net profit in FY15
Private sector housing finance company DHFL expects a rise of over 30 percent in its net profit to Rs 700 crore during 2014-15 as it looks to expand presence in smaller towns.
Post your opinion here
 
Private sector housing finance company DHFL  expects a rise of over 30 percent in its net profit to Rs 700 crore during 2014-15 as it looks to expand presence in smaller towns.
The company is also planning to hire around 200 people by the end of March 2015. "With announcement of some measures by the government, we are seeing positive sentiment in the market. We have already seen good growth for our business and are hoping to close this fiscal with a net profit of Rs 700 crore," DHFL President and Chief Operating Officer Deo Shankar Tripathi told PTI.
The company had recorded a profit of Rs 529 crore in 2013-14, he added. 
"We are also expecting our total income to grow around 20 percent in this fiscal to over Rs 4,970 crore in 2013-14," Tripathi said.
Talking about disbursal of loans, he said DHFL has already distributed Rs 8,600 crore of loans during the April-September period of this fiscal, compared to Rs 6,800 crore in the year-ago period.
DHFL had disbursed Rs 15,000 crore loan in 2013-14 and is expected to give Rs 20,000 crore loan this fiscal, an industry source said.
As of September 30, 2014, DHFL's loan book stands at Rs 44,740 crore.
On its expansion plans, Tripathi said the company has opened 105 branches this year across different Tier-II and III cities in the country. 
"There is huge demand for low-end housing in India, but there is not adequate supply. All state governments are trying to provide housing to low-income people by offering various schemes," he added. 
The company has recently forayed into the North Eastern market and opened its office in Guwahati. Tripathi said DHFL will open 3-4 more branches in the region to tap the growing potential in the housing segment.
Talking about employee strength, he said: "At present we have 2,000 people on our roll. By the end of this fiscal, this is expected to go up to 2,200." 
DHFL currently has a network of around 550 centres, in addition to two international representative offices in London and Dubai.
Last month, the company had roped in Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan as its brand ambassador.
Dewan Housing stock price
On December 10, 2014, Dewan Housing Finance Corporation closed at Rs 408.90, down Rs 21.8, or 5.06 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 435.05 and the 52-week low was Rs 161.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 45.00 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 9.09. The latest book value of the company is Rs 277.90 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.47.
RELATED NEWS

After Modi s ascension  India attractive place to invest: BofABank of America
(Moynihan joins a list…)
MUMBAI: India is now the best-placed economy among global investment destinations as it emerges from a decade low slump to ride a wave of enthusiasm generated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's image as a leader focused on execution, said Brian Moynihan , chairman & chief executive of Bank of America, the second-biggest US lender.
"The story in India is a relatively stronger story," Moynihan told ETin an interview. "They have a clear view of what they want to accomplish. They realise it takes work and takes detailed plans and implementation, which is good because that is what it does take. I run a big company and know that you have to have execution plans."
Moynihan joins a list of global CEOs encouraged by the new government that came to power in May with the strongest mandate in three decades. Modi's reform pledges, empowering of bureaucrats, attempts to clean up a corrupt system and demanding performance from ministers have been cheered by industry. McKinsey & Co CEO Dominic Barton said in an interview to ET last month that he has resumed advising clients to invest in India after a two-year gap.
Businesses in India and abroad are looking for the promised changes to take place as peer nations go through a rough patch because of political troubles or due to the collapse in commodity prices. "Going through the BRICS, the Brazil story is not a strong one," said Moynihan, who turned around the fortunes of Bank of America after the credit crisis nearly sank the lender. "In the last couple of years, Russia has also weakened.
Even on a broader scale, the story here is a new government with a lot of enthusiasm behind (it) and the people's confidence building and coming out of a trough. That story is not exactly the same in a lot of other places." Unlike many global banks, Bank of America, which is celebrating its 50th year in India, is keen on abiding by RBI's subsidiarising proposal.
Doing too much for ourselves: Moynihan
Bank of America will abide by RBI's subsidiarising proposal even though this could bring down efficiency levels, Moynihan said. The central bank wants overseas lenders to set up subsidiaries in India to have similar rights as local lenders, particularly when it comes to such issues as expanding branch net works.
"I can see that it makes life easier (for the regulator) but on the other hand it makes it less efficient and therefore getting less efficient means it cannot supply as much capital to the market. But if they make the decision to move forward, then that is the rule we play by," said Moynihan.
He said talk of higher capital needs and regulations stifling innovation is baseless and that parts of the financial services industry have been enriching themselves instead of serving clients. "I do not think it will have the impact on financial innovation that has customer purposes," said Moynihan. "I do not think the innovation is financing structures and stuff like that. We are doing too much for ourselves and not enough for our customers."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Japan economy shrinks more than expected  backs Abe s tax decisionJapan economy shrinks more than expected  backs Abe s tax decision
Padmanabhan: Champion of Wipros energy prac...You are here: Home > Collections > Wipro
Meet Anand Padmanabhan, who steered Wipro's energy unit from $300 million to $1.1 billion
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Accenture
(Padmanabhan, who joined Wipro in…)
BENGALURU: At Wipro, even company veterans do not expect to meet with chairman Azim Premji on a regular basis. So, it was a surprise for Anand Padmanabhan, head of the vertical that services the energy and utilities sectors, when he was told about a meeting with him in the last week of October.
After a 30-minute chat with Premji and chief executive TK Kurien, Padmanabhan emerged a happy man. He has been elevated to the rank of president, a designation that none of the other six business unit heads of the country's third-largest IT company enjoys. It was the first time in three years that Wipro has appointed someone to the rank of president.
Padmanabhan, who joined Wipro in 1987 as a field engineer, was previously senior vice president of the oil and gas vertical. Under his watch, the business has been doing well.
This elevation was a recognition of the efforts of Padmanabhan who has steered the unit from a less than $300 million revenue business to more than $1.1 billion in six years, according to Saurabh Govil, head of human resources. The division now accounts for 18 per cent of Wipro's revenue and is the biggest serving the energy and utilities sectors among its local rivals. At Infosys, the business brings in about $450 million and at Tata Consultancy Services, about $500 million. Mumbai-born Padmanabhan, 51, declined comment for this story. He took over as the head of energy unit in 2008, after the then chief executive Suresh Vaswani tasked him with scaling up the business. For almost two decades before that — save for two years starting 1992 when he left Wipro to work for Unisys in the Middle East, he had worked across different departments in the telecoms vertical.
For the next two years, Padmanabhan took on the role of building his team with people who had domain expertise of working in upstream oil and gas space as he believed this was the only way he could provide his customers with value-added business.
"Today, Wipro has over 1,000 executives, arguably the largest (among Indian IT companies), with consulting or domain experience working in the exploration of oil," said a Mumbai based analyst at a domestic brokerage.
This is significant considering when Padmanabhan took over in 2008, it was a small team of just 30 people with domain expertise. He realised that to truly scale up the business, it had to help its clients beyond just meeting with their back-end IT requirements: it should be able to help the largest oil and gas companies in efficiently recovering oil and gas.
With a team in place, Padmanabhan sensed it was the right time to buy a firm that could help it offer the solutions to its largest oil and gas customers, including the world's second and third-largest oil companies, BP and Royal Dutch Shell. In April 2011, Wipro bought the oil and gas practice of US-based Scientific Applications International Corp for about $150 million, which in hindsight proved to be one of its best bets.
 
"That was obviously a great move as it gave them the missing piece in the jigsaw," said a senior executive from the energy unit of Infosys.
The acquisition transformed the energy unit of Wipro from being a downstream IT service provider to oil companies primarily in Europe to engage with oil giants in the US and enter the more lucrative space of upstream services that go right up to the oil rig.
This success in helping clients with transforming business needs in the oil and gas space was validated when Canadian utilities firm ATCO awarded it a $1.2 billion outsourcing contract earlier this summer. Almost all the major IT outsourcers, including Accenture and TCS, bid for the project but the deal swung in Wipro's favour after it was able to convince the boss of ATCO of the current work the company was doing for clients, and what other benefits it could offer in addition to providing just back-end IT work.
For Padmanabhan, who now shuttles between Mumbai, where his two children study, and Bengaluru where Wipro is headquartered, it is no easy job as for more than 300 days a year he is travelling. Listening to old Hindi songs, especially Kishore Kumar and Mukesh, is the ideal way to de-stress, he had said in an earlier interview with ET.
The biggest immediate concern for IT companies' energy services is probably the falling crude oil prices as oil drillers may cut down on their IT budgets to save on costs. For Padmanabhan too, this could pose the next big challenge.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Stocks in news: Infosys  Maruti  ICICI Bank  SpiceJet  SAIL-Oriental Insurance – Rs 35 crore
-United India Assurance – Rs 15 crore
-Private Domestic – 5.8 percent
-ICICI Bank  - Rs 100 crore
-FIIs – Rs 165 crore (9.57 percent)
-Other non-retail investors – Rs 337.5 crore (19.5 percent)
-Retail – Rs 172.5 crore (10 percent)
Finance ministry says
-SAIL offer for sale (OFS) to fetch government approximately Rs 1,715 crore
-Retail participation in SAIL OFS subscribed over 2.5 times
-10 percent allocation reserved for retail investors saw huge participation
-SAIL now meets minimum public shareholding norm of 25 percent
-SAIL OFS final: Subscribed 2.08 times, gets bids for 42.93 crore shares
Alert: Total issue size of SAIL OFS was 20.65 crore shares
-Retail portion subscribed over 2.6 times, gets bids for 5.49 crore shares
Alert: 2.06 crore shares (10 percent of issue size) were reserved for retail investors
Divestment secretary Aradhana Johri says
- Coal India , ONGC ,  NHPC part of FY15 divestment action plan
-Trying our best to meet FY15 divestment target
-Market condition to determine timing of divestment in any company
-May even divest in cos that are not in FY15 action plan
-Founders to sell nearly USD 1.1 billion worth of stock in company
-Founding family offers to sell 3.26 crore shares at Rs 1,988/share
-Deutsche Bank sole banker to the deal
-Book already subscribed 1 time
-Promoters selling stake for personal, philanthropy reasons
Circuit filter revision - BSE
- JBF Industries from 20 percent to 10 percent
- Tourism Finance from 20 percent to 10 percent
- Atul Auto from 20 percent to 10 percent
-Board approves sale of company's shareholding in ICICI Bank Eurasia
-To sell company's shareholding in ICICI Bank Eurasia to Sovcombank
-ICICI Bank Eurasia accounted less than 0.1 percent of company's assets
-ICICI Bank Eurasia share sale to be completed by FY15-end
-Company asks for 6 weeks to find strategic partner
-Company management met Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapati Raju Pusapati last week
-Aviation Minister asked Airport Authority Of India (AAI) not to put company on cash & carry
-AAI asked not to put co on cash & carry for five weeks
-Company's dues to AAI will cross Rs 280 crore in five weeks
-Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) been told not to ask company to suspend bookings
-Aviation minister does not want company to meet Kingfisher Airlines fate
-AAI wants to give co one week time to make payment
-Company will get 1-week time to pay dues if bank guarantee is made
-DGCA withdraws 186 slots of company
-DGCS asks company to limit advance bookings to only a month
-Asks company to submit payment schedule for dues by December 16
-DGCA directs company to pay salary by December 15
-DGCA asks company to pay salary by 7th of every month from January
-Company operates 239 daily flights against 332 on September 1
-Company asked to submit compliance report by December 8
Department of Telecommunications panel suggests Rs 3,646 crore/MHz base price for CDMA band: PTI
Alert: TRAI had recommended base price of Rs 3,104 crore/MHz for CDMA band
Other stocks and sectors that are in news today:
- Maruti Suzuki defers seeking shareholders' nod for Gujarat Plant: PTI
- Maruti Suzuki bags order of 4000 Gypsies from the army: BS
- ONGC to develop 45 drilling wells in KG-D6 basin for Rs 16000 crore: Mint
- ICICI Bank invokes 2.285 crore pledged shares of Falcon Tyres: BusinessLine
- SpiceJet : Board meeting today to decide payment plan: BS
- Coal India asks government to return 2 cancelled Odisha Blocks: ET
- Nestle India - 3rd interim dividend Rs 8/share
- SJVN commissions 412 MW Rampur Hydro Electric Project
-Government considering granting industrial incentives to Andhra Pradesh & Telangana
-Promoter Weston Investment sells 2.44 percent stake in  Jubilant FoodWorks from December 3-5
-Government seeks information on mine cancellation impact on state finances
- Aurobindo Pharma arm completes acquisition of US company Natrol
- Thermax wins order worth Rs 351 crore in Africa
RELATED NEWS

Srinagar turned into fortified fortress ahead of Modi rallyDec 08, 2014, 08.27 AM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Srinagar turned into fortified fortress ahead of Modi rally
Even though security forces are already on high alert in view of the Assembly elections and sudden spurt in militant violence, a fresh advisory has been issued to all security agencies to keep a close watch on anti-national elements who may try to disrupt peace during Modi's rally.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Srinagar turned into fortified fortress ahead of Modi rally
Even though security forces are already on high alert in view of the Assembly elections and sudden spurt in militant violence, a fresh advisory has been issued to all security agencies to keep a close watch on anti-national elements who may try to disrupt peace during Modi's rally.
Post your opinion here
 
With less than 24 hours left for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir to address an election rally at Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar, the entire city has been turned into a fortified fortress.
Even though security forces are already on high alert in view of the Assembly elections and sudden spurt in militant violence, a fresh advisory has been issued to all security agencies to keep a close watch on anti-national elements who may try to disrupt peace during Modi's rally.
Official sources said that security forces have occupied all high rise buildings around the stadium to keep a close watch on vehicular and pedestrian movements. Thirty paramilitary forces companies have been deployed in and around the stadium while sharp shooters have been deployed on Suliman Tang and Rustam Gali in the Dalgate area, to secure the area and neutralize any threat.
Meanwhile, the roads leading to the stadium from civil lines has been closed with barbed wire near Radio Kashmir crossing and neither vehicles nor pedestrians are being allowed to go towards the stadium. Similarly, vehicles coming from south Kashmir, including Anantnag, Pulwama, Shopian and Pampore are being diverted through bypass to reach civil lines from Nowgam.
They said check points have been established at Tourist Reception Centre, Budshah Chowk, Ram Bagh and civil lines. Almost all vehicles, particularly carrying passengers are being searched and passengers frisked before they are allowed to go.
Vehicles entering the city from outsides are also being searches before allowing them to go as security forces believe that militants may try to sneak into civil lines from outskirts to cause disturbances. Security forces on December 5 killed two Lashker-e-Toiba (LeT) militants when they were trying to infiltrate into the city from outskirts at Soura.
Modi will be the third Prime Minister of the country to address a rally from the same venue in high security Sonawar area of the city.
Earlier in 2003, the then Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee addressed a public rally, extending a hand of friendship to Pakistan when relations between the two neighbour countries were at its low following Kargil war. The offer was welcomed by Pakistan and a dialogue process was initiated between the two countries. Later in May both the countries restore diplomatic ties.
Later in 2004, Dr Manmohan Singh, as the prime minister of India, addressed a public meeting at SK stadium. However, hours before Dr Singh was to address the rally, security forces foiled a 'fidayeen' attack and killed two militants who were hiding in a nearby structure at Rustam Gali top to attack the rally.
RELATED NEWS

FO cues: Nifty 8400 Put adds 2.3 lakh shares in OIHome » News » F&O Cues
Dec 08, 2014, 08.24 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
F&O cues: Nifty 8400 Put adds 2.3 lakh shares in OI
F&O cues: Nifty 8600 Call added 37000 shares in Open Interest and Nifty 8400 Put added 2.3 lakh shares in Open Interest.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
F&O cues: Nifty 8400 Put adds 2.3 lakh shares in OI
F&O cues: Nifty 8600 Call added 37000 shares in Open Interest and Nifty 8400 Put added 2.3 lakh shares in Open Interest.
Post your opinion here
 
F&O cues:
Nifty 8500 Put and Nifty 8600 Call witnessed maximum build up in Open Interest on December 5
Nifty 8500 Put added 14000 shares in Open Interest
Nifty 8600 Call added 37000 shares in Open Interest
Nifty 8400 Put added 2.3 lakh shares in Open Interest
Nifty 8550 Put added 76000 shares in Open Interest
Nifty 8800 Call added 71000 shares in Open Interest
Nifty 8650 Call shed 59000 shares in Open Interest
Nifty 8700 Call shed 1.2 lakh shares in Open Interest
FIIs in F&O on December 5 (Provisional data from NSE)
FIIs net buy Rs 300 crore in Index Futures
FIIs net buy Rs 120 crore in Index Options
FIIs net sell Rs 130 crore in Stock Futures
RELATED NEWS

PM s foreign visits helped India perception as top investment destination: ASSOCHAMPM s foreign visits helped India perception as top investment destination: ASSOCHAM
Srinagar turns into fortress for PM Modi s maiden poll rallySrinagar turns into fortress for PM Modi s maiden poll rally
Roger that! IPTL off to a flying start as India falls for Federer showRoger that! IPTL off to a flying start as India falls for Federer show
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia ekes out gains  sombre data offsets robust U.S. jobs numbersGLOBAL MARKETS-Asia ekes out gains  sombre data offsets robust U.S. jobs numbers
Gold Prices Plunge By Rs. 195 On Weak Global CuesGold Prices Plunge By Rs. 195 On Weak Global Cues
Sahara on a selling spree to raise funds for Roy s releaseHi Guest
Sahara on a selling spree to raise funds for Roy's release
After selling land in Gurgaon for Rs 1,211 crore (Rs 12.11 billion) recently, the Sahara group is believed to have finalised two more realty deals, one in Mumbai and another in Jodhpur, for Rs 1,250 crore (Rs 12.50 billion). Besides, talks are in final stages for sale of another land parcel in Pune, sources said. Similar to the Gurgaon land deal, probably the biggest so far this year in the national capital region, all the three land lots might be sold to the local real estate developers in the ...

Sensex to open on a flat noteSensex to open on a flat note
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 08, 2014 08:37 IST
. There are not many local triggers to drive the market in the coming days.
 
 
The state of happiness in the market took a backseat last week as the indices saw some weight shedding. ITC and HUL were among the gainers which minimized the losses as their market caps surged in the week gone by. On the other hand, TCS, ONGC, RIL, Infosys, SBI and HDFC Bank saw some tumbling on the street. That aside, FIIs have invested over Rs. 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year. With December usually being a positive month most times in the last decade, investors will hope their happiness continues as far as record highs go.
The outlook is a flat start. There are not many local triggers to drive the market in the coming days. The focus will shift to global cues and important economic data which are scheduled this week. Among the vital macro data are the November CPI and the October IIP data. In addition November import & export data will also be closely scrutinised.
The mutual fund industry saw a net outflow of INR25,628 crore, with redemptions reaching over INR9.12 lakh crore, according to data released by the Association of Mutual Funds in India.
To encourage participation of small investors in PSU disinvestments, the Government has decided to double the quota reserved for retail investors to 20 per cent for the forthcoming stake sales in bluechip companies like ONGC and Coal India. The decision assumes significance following the enthusiastic response from retail investors in the Friday's stake sale in steel major SAIL, which fetched the government Rs. 1,715 crore, says a report.
Asian cues are mostly positive. On Friday, the Dow and S&P 500 closed a seventh straight month as a better-than-expected jobs report indicated strong economic growth. Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, , while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low, says report.
The President of the Russian Federation, H.E. Mr. Vladimir V. Putin, will pay an official visit to India on 10-11 December, 2014, for the 15th Annual India-Russia Summit. President Putin's visit is a landmark event and is expected to provide a fresh impetus to the existing excellent bilateral relations between our two countries. A dominant theme of this Summit will be the spelling out by the two leaders of a joint vision of our relationship for the next decade. It will provide a roadmap for enhancing the partnership between our two countries to qualitatively new levels.
SpiceJet Ltd has given clarification relating to certain directions from the DGCA. The airline said that informed the DGCA and the public that for the near-medium term, it intends to operate a fleet of 22 Boeing 737s and 15 Q400s, down from 37 B737s that we operated earlier this year (Q400 fleet remains unchanged).  As a natural consequence of the fleet reduction of 15 Boeings, unused slots are given back to the airports.  This is routine process and a natural outcome of our revised fleet plan, and there is nothing unusual about the slots being cancelled. Earlier Directorate General of Civil Aviation has withdrawn 186 flight slots of airline, according to reports. 
The OFS for divestment of 5% of Government of India equity in SAIL was successfully concluded. The issue was oversubscribed more than two times. In addition retail investors were given 10% allocation and this category was also hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS. 
Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu said that it is necessary to balance the interest of stake holders including railway employees and railway users, investors and the Government so as to make Indian Railways a vibrant and efficient enterprise.  He called upon all stake holder to work together to make Railways much better than what it is today in coming three to four years period. 
Shares of Amal hit 20% lower circuit at Rs 31.35 after the boards of Amal and Atul approved a merger.
The Narendra Modi-led NDA government will move ahead with setting up of a new institution in place of the Planning Commission despite resistance from Congress-ruled states as a majority of states are on board. The new institution could be in place before the end of January 2015 and would have adequate representation from states and will include domain experts, says a report.
Reliance Communications (RCOM) is set for a reshuffle at its top deck with three executives about to leave the nation's fourth largest telecom carrier, including one who is retiring, people familiar with the matter said. Chief Marketing Officer Nilanjan Mukherjee has resigned to set up a startup in the value-added services space, said one of the people. 
SEBI will soon come out with a new set of norms to enable issuance and listing of municipal bonds -- a popular financial product in developed countries like the US, says a report.
Total turnover of interest rate futures on the three major stock exchanges surged 54.4 per cent to Rs. 39,817 crore in November compared to the previous month.The total trading value of IRF on BSE, NSE and MCX-SX stood at Rs. 25,785 crore in October 2014, according to the exchanges' data, says a report.
Wind energy firms are planning to raise Rs 5,000-6,000 crore while the government-owned financing entity for clean energy projects, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency (IREDA), is also looking to raise nearly Rs 3,000 crore through an IPO, according to a report.
IVRCL allotted 8.79 crore equity shares of INR2 each on December 4 to the lenders who backed its corporate debt restructuring (CDR) and signed the master restructuring agreement with the company. This allotment is towards the first tranche of conversion of funded interest term loan into equity for the period from December 1, 2013, to September 30, 2014. Such loans are part of the CDR package offered to a company that seeks debt restructuring.
Sudden swings in financial markets recently suggest they are becoming increasingly sensitive to unexpected events, the global organisation of central banks said on Sunday, warning "more than a quantum of fragility" underlies the current bullish mood, says a report. "These abrupt market movements (in October) were even more pronounced than similar developments in August, when a sudden correction in global financial markets was quickly succeeded by renewed buoyant market conditions," the BIS said in its quarterly review.

Tech m mein 4500-5400 aur 9999 blown to bits 1 current tml bhi done ...Platinum Member
1346 Followers
there are many examples re that about OSHO too how the a very healthy tree in the uni that he used to talk to hug and park his car under, died  very quickly after he left Lucknow for ever and the story of a snake that will walk with hi albeit on the other side of the flower bed every day when he will go out for the walk and how that snake will be waiting outside that place evry day for many days when he left that place, i mean Osho left that palce.
NOTE.
All these thoughts /messgaes here atre not given with the idea to promote any one or show that I am a follower of any one.
GYAN/satya jahan say miley ley lena chahiyey
In reply to : bullguru108 message
1.13 PM Nov 20th

Buy ongc target 370..372..375..sl; 361Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

What is the exact date of shortly Like this Message. Repost it to millions of investors.
Guest
A fantastic business model with super high growth. Set to see a target of over 2000 shortly. Accumulate if you can and sit tight.
9.47 PM Dec 7th

Total payment required 1500 crs aboveNew Member
0 Follower
SpiceJet: Its board is meeting today to take up recapitalisation plan of the company and payment of dues to different vendors. The aviation regulator has asked the airline to submit a payment plan
8.45 AM Dec 8th

Markets may open flat; Infosys  SBI  Bajaj Auto in focusMarkets may open flat; SBI, Infosys, Bajaj Auto in focus
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 08:28 AM IST
Markets are likely to open flat tracking the mixed trends in their Asian peers. However, markets may edge higher later in the session on the boost generated by the better-than-expected US jobs data.
At 8:30AM, the early indicator SGX Nifty was flat points at 8,578.
Traders will watch the proceedings of the winter session of parliament for cues. Some progress on reform-centric legislative proposals is expected.
Key macro-economic data, wholesale and consumer price inflation data for November 2014 and industrial output data for October 2014 is scheduled to be released on Friday.
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 109.45 crore on Friday, as per provisional stock exchange data
Nikkei is trading flat after opening with gains of around 0.3%. Strong US jobs data and dollar notching fresh seven-year highs against the yen on Monday boosted Japanese shares.
Hang Seng and Shanghai Coposite indices are trading with gains of 0.5% and 0.8% each.
On Friday, US markets closed higher on better-than-expected nonfarm payroll data. US economy added 325,000 new jobs in the month of November which boosted the sentiments. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.3% to 17,959, the S&P 500 rose 0.1% to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite gained 0.2% to 4,780.76.
Stocks to Watch
Infosys will be in focus as four of its founders are going to raise around $1.1 billion by selling their stakes in the company, according to media reports.
SBI will be in focus on plans to raise $ 300 million by way of issuing bonds. The proceeds are planned to be used for general corporate purposes.
Bajaj Auto is in news on reports that the company is looking to raise prices of its two models - Platina and Discover - from next month in order to partially offset increase in input costs.
Jubilant Foodworks may come under pressure as its promoter group entity Weston Investment Ltd has reduced its stake in the company by 2.44 per cent by selling 15.97 lakh shares in the open market.
Spicejet will be in focus as its board meets today to come up with plans to recapitalise the troubled airline.

Gold  silver prices fall on slack demand  global cuesNew Delhi, December 3, 2014
Updated: December 3, 2014 15:28 IST
Gold, silver prices fall on slack demand, global cues
PTI
Gold prices fell by Rs. 160 to Rs. 26,880 per 10 grams at the bullion market in national capital on Wednesday as demand eased at prevailing levels amidst a weak global trend.
Silver also declined by Rs. 100 to Rs. 36,900 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units.
Traders said apart from slackened demand at existing higher levels from jewellers and retailers, a weak global trend mainly led to the fall in gold and silver prices.
Globally, gold in New York, which normally determines price trend on the domestic front, fell 1.18 per cent to $1,198.50 an ounce in Tuesday’s trade as strengthening dollar curbed demand for the precious metal.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell by Rs. 160 each to Rs. 26,880 and Rs. 26,680 per ten grams, respectively.
The yellow metal had clocked this year’s biggest single-day rise of Rs. 840 to close at Rs. 27,040 per 10 grams in Tuesday’s trade.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs. 23,700 per piece of eight grams in limited deals.
On the other hand, silver coins continued their upward journey and rose by another Rs. 1,000 to Rs. 62,000 for buying and Rs. 63,000 for selling of 100 pieces on wedding season demand.

First Impressions: Strong Payroll Gains Mark Another Solid Jobs Reportreddit
Employers added workers at a much faster-than-expected clip last month, as payroll gains 321,000, the largest monthly gain since January 2012. Upward revisions to the prior two months added another 44,000, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent. Even wage growth, which has been a critical missing piece of the recovery, got at least a monthly bump, up 0.4 percent, though the more relevant year-over-year growth rate remains stuck at around two percent (2.1 percent, Nov'13 - Nov '14), where it has been since 2010.
While any one month's results from these "high-frequency" data should be taken with a grain of salt (see the "JB smoother" below), I saw no obvious anomalies in the payroll data. Job growth was robust across industries, with almost 70 percent of private industries expanding, the highest level for this metric since 1998. Businesses added 86K, retail was up 50K, and manufacturing, a key sector that had been a laggard in recent months, added 28K, mostly in the higher paying durable goods sector.
Smoothing out monthly ups-and-downs, this month's JB smoother©, which averages monthly gains over 3, 6, and 12 months, shows a nice acceleration in payroll gains. Over the past three months, net job growth is up 278,000 per month. Over the past year, this measure is up 228,000, showing an acceleration of 50,000 jobs per month.
Source: BLS, my analysis
[BTW, in deference to this simple way of smoothing out monthly noise, the BLS announced that in coming months it will add three-month averaging of monthly payroll gains to its summary table. Good for them!]
In another sign of improving labor market demand, average weekly hours ticked up a tenth, matching pre-recession levels. The unemployment rate, which comes from a survey of households (as opposed to business establishments, like the data discussed above) held steady at 5.8 percent (it actually ticked up a touch, from 5.76 percent to 5.82 percent, but who's counting?).
But the key takeaways here are:
- Unlike the more reliable payroll survey, employment was unchanged in the household survey.
- In a solid sign for the job market recovery, the labor force participation rate continues to hold steady, at 62.8 percent last month -- after falling sharply through the recession and recovery, this important measure of labor utilization has been flat now for over a year.
- While the numbers of long-term unemployed and involuntary part-timers remains high, especially more than five-years into an economic expansion, they both fell last month, continuing a downward trend.
Finally, turning to the wage story, as noted, average hourly wages got a nice $0.09 (0.4 percent) bump in November, but that just made up some lost ground from recent monthly stagnation. Thus, the year-over-year measure is still stuck around two percent, where it's been since around 2010. With topline inflation last seen rising at 1.7 percent percent, this translates into quite modest real gains for the buying power of the hourly wage.
But with the added weekly hours, weekly earnings are up 2.4 percent, year-over-year, the highest growth rate in a year. Here again, however, real gains still equate to less than one percent, and they're coming from more work at stagnant real earnings. The punchline of all this is that the job market appears to be solidly on the mend. Yet slack remains, and this is most clearly seen in the wage data.
As I'll get to later in the day, recent developments in the relationship between slack and wage growth suggest that it will take more than falling unemployment and strong payroll gains to offset the historically low bargaining power of most American workers. For the benefits of growth to really show up in paychecks, we need to not only get to truly full employment, but to stay there for a good long while! That exclamation point is so they can hear me all the way over at the Fed building on Constitution Ave.
This post originally appeared at Jared Bernstein's On The Economy blog.
Follow Jared Bernstein on Twitter: www.twitter.com/econjared
More:

Ranbir Kapoor  Katrina Kaif plan to ring in New Year in LondonWritten by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:07 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 10:03 am
It’s that time of the year when the paparazzi has some real ‘masala’ up on their sleeve to report, as the film stars go about painting various towns of the world red and ‘redder’.
A not-so-new entry on the list is of the rumoured (?) couple Ranbir Kapoor – Katrina Kaif. The duo has, reportedly, planned to welcome 2015 in London, which happens to be Katrina’s home. Since her mother lives there, we assume Ranbir and Katrina would be visiting her too.
The couple recently made news with their rumoured live in relationship and how the lady is trying to keep her man happy by cooking and trying her hand at various kind of salads. Their last private holiday in Spain also made headlines when the paparazzi couldn’t help but stream out some pictures of theirs.
The main agenda of this special holiday, fitted into the young stars’ busy schedules, is also said to be an official proposal from the would be groom’s side to the would be bride’s mother (ahem!)
Remains to be seen, how special this vacation turns out to be for the rumoured couple and for the paparazzi. And we wait.

My character in  PK  is not autistic: Aamir KhanBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 7, 2014 12:47 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 4:38 pm
Bollywood star Aamir Khan says his character in upcoming film ‘PK’ does not suffer from autism and is one of the toughest roles he has done in his career.
“PK is not autistic. He has a reasonable approach to life. He does not blink. It is one of the toughest roles I have played in my career,” the 49-year told actor told journalists in London through video conferencing organised by the film’s distributor here UTV Motion Pictures at the Court House hotel.
‘PK’ is a comedy of ideas about a stranger in the city, who asks questions that no one has asked before. In the process PK makes loyal friends and powerful foes. Finally, it is a moving saga about a friendship between strangers from worlds apart.
The film, scheduled to hit theatres on December 19, is produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra and Rajkumar Hirani, who has also directed the movie.
Besides Aamir, Anushka Sharma, Boman Irani, Saurabh Shukla, Sushant Singh Rajput and Sanjay Dutt also star in the film.
Oscar Award winner Resul Pookutty is the sound designer for the film.
Aamir said that Hirani is the force behind the film.
“This particular film was a special challenge to me and the experience of that journey is quite satisfactory. ‘PK’ has been really an amazing experience for me. The film has shaped up pretty much as we desired,” he said.

Typhoon Hagupit: No major damage as Philippine storm weakensBy: Associated Press | Legazpi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:02 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 8:18 pm
Typhoon Hagupit knocked out power, left at least three people dead and sent nearly 900,000 into shelters before it weakened Sunday, sparing the central Philippines the type of massive devastation that a monster storm brought to the region last year.
Shallow floods, damaged shanties and ripped off store signs and tin roofs were a common sight across the region, but there was no major destruction after Hagupit slammed into Eastern Samar and other island provinces.
It was packing maximum sustained winds of 140 kilometers (87 miles) per hour and gusts of 170 kph (106 mph) on Sunday, considerably weaker from its peak power but still a potentially deadly storm, according to forecasters.
The typhoon, which made landfall in Eastern Samar late Saturday, was moving slowly, dumping heavy rain that could possibly trigger landslides and flash floods.
Traumatized by the death and destruction from Typhoon Haiyan last year, nearly 900,000 people fled to about 1,000 emergency shelters and safer grounds. The government, backed by the 120,000-strong military, had launched massive preparations to attain a zero-casualty target.
Rhea Estuna, a 29-year-old mother of one, fled Thursday to an evacuation center in Tacloban- the city hardest-hit by Haiyan- and waited in fear as Hagupit’s wind and rain lashed the school where she and her family sought refuge. When she peered outside Sunday, she said she saw a starkly different aftermath than the one she witnessed after Haiyan struck in November 2013.
“There were no bodies scattered on the road, no big mounds of debris,” Estuna told The Associated Press by cellphone. “Thanks to God this typhoon wasn’t as violent.”
Haiyan’s tsunami-like storm surges and killer winds left thousands of people dead and leveled entire villages, most of them in and around Tacloban.
Nearly a dozen countries, led by the United States and the European Union, have pledged to help in case of a catastrophe from Hagupit (pronounced HA’-goo-pit), disaster-response agency chief Alexander Pama said.
The EU commissioner for humanitarian aid, Christos Stylianides, said a team of experts would be deployed to help assess the damage and needed response.
“The Philippines are not alone as they brace up for a possible hardship,” Stylianides said, adding that the European Commission was “hoping that the impact will be less powerful than a year ago, when Typhoon Haiyan left a devastating imprint on the country.”
Two people, including a baby girl, died of hypothermia in central Iloilo province Saturday at the height of the typhoon, Pama said at a news conference.
Another person died after being hit by a falling tree in the eastern town of Dolores, where the typhoon first made landfall, according to Interior Secretary Mar Roxas. Two women were continued…

Farhan Akhtar  Amitabh Bachchan s  Wazir  teaser to release with  PKBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 7, 2014 4:26 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 4:43 pm
The motion poster of Amitabh Bachchan-Farhan Akhtar starrer upcoming film ‘Wazir’ will be unveiled with ‘PK’, which is releasing on December 19.
‘Wazir’, which was earlier titled as ‘Do’, is directed by Bejoy Nambiar and the first leg of shooting has been wrapped up in Delhi one month ago.
“Heads up…! Get ready for our first move… #Wazir Teaser releases 19th December with PK. Enjoy…,” Farhan posted on Twitter.
Farhan is playing an ATS officer in the film, while Bachchan reportedly dons the role of a paralysed chess grandmaster. It also stars Aditi Rao Hydari in a pivotal character.
‘Wazir’ is co-produced by Nambiar and Vidhu Vinod Chopra.

Data security is paramount for a company: Citi MDData security is paramount for a company: Citi MD
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, December 5:  
Data protection and data security are critical for a company as customers will walk away if they believe they cannot trust the company, according to Vikram Subrahmanyam, Managing Director and Head (Operations and Technology), South Asia, Citibank.
Many jurisdictions outside India have far greater sense and concern about data security and protection than India. Regulators here are certainly worried about this. However, it is not about regulation but about the company’s reputation, he said at CIO summit 2014, organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry on the theme Keeping Pace with IT security and Compliance.
With a huge surge in electronic transactions, data protection has become critical. For instance, six years ago 3 per cent of payments used by credit cards were made electronically. Today, that number is 80 per cent.
Siddharth Vishwanath, Partner, PwC India, said IT security threats have shown manifold impact on businesses across sectors and the effects are often too hard hitting to ignore. While new generation technologies, including social media, are opening up new doors and increasing revenue for businesses, there is a need to spread awareness among business stakeholders on cyber threats.
Traditional boundaries have shifted. Companies operate in an environment that is increasingly interconnected, integrated and interdependent. Security needs to keep pace with a fast evolving business, technology and threat landscape. It is not only about protecting a company’s perimeter but also extend the protection to the entire supply chain, including vendors, he said.
There are specialists operating at every node of the threat value chain. The threat landscape has expanded. In the past, it was only hackers but today there are terrorists, cyber criminals, companies, governments and ‘hacktivists’ involved in creating problem to the network and security, he said.
The decision to have a good security system in place is taken at the board level not by the chief information officers. Companies cannot afford to have a security breach as the loss because of that could be humongous, said Avinash Joshi, Vice President, Sales and Business Development (India and South Asia), IBM India.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

States should be free to choose crucial schemes‘States should be free to choose crucial schemes’
Our Bureau
PTI O Panneerselvam
Chennai, December 7:  
Tamil Nadu has sought increased role and greater fiscal autonomy for States in the new institution that will replace the Planning Commission.
“It is our belief that a Strong Union can emerge only out of strong states and India’s governance structure has to incorporate more federal features,” Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam said at a meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Chief Ministers to discuss the new institution.
States were frustrated with the meaningless ritualistic exercises that Annual Plan discussions and National Development Council meetings had become. “Neither did we receive schemes, funding support nor were we heard,” he said.
Since the founding of the Planning Commission, India has changed considerably. The role of the Government at the Centre is now more of a facilitator through economic policy, making while the role of the state governments as providers of public goods such as maintenance of public order and provision of social and economic infrastructure, has grown.
An exercise of increasing irrelevance was the Annual Plan discussions held each year to finalise the Plan size for each state.
Futile discussions
The discussions have little value addition at the technical level and no significant additional financial allocations. This ritual should be abandoned straightaway, he said.
With the abolition of the Planning Commission, continuance of the plan and non-plan distinction appears to be even less relevant.
“States should be free to choose crucial schemes in the infrastructure and social sectors, he said.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Power play: Private players plug into the M&A route to scale upCompanies’ ability to raise funds gives them the edge over rivals; growth in electricity demand spurring acquisitions
Mumbai, December 6:  
The recent spate of acquisitions in the power sector indicates that private players such as Adanis and JSW Energy are positioning themselves to ride the growth in demand for power as GDP picks up. These companies ability to raise funds have given them an edge over rival players.
The Adani Group, after acquiring the Lanco Infratech’s 1200 MW Udipi power plant for about ` 6000 crore in August, went on to acquire Avantha Power’s 600 MW Korba West project in Chhattisgarh for `4200 crore in November. This makes Adani the top private sector player with a total installed capacity of 11040 MW.
Similarly, JSW Energy in November also inked a deal to buy two hydroelectric projects, which have a combined capacity of 1391 MW, from Jaiprakash Power Ventures for `9,700 crore in cash.
Kameswara Rao, Leader-Energy, Utilities and Mining, PwC India, said a strong M&A deal flow is healthy in an economy as it brings new owners who are better placed to deal with an asset's specific problems. Though this is not so easy in the power sector given its regulated nature, current deals reflect financing capabilities of the players with deeper pockets.
S C Natu, Senior Vice-President, Power Division, Mitcon Consultancy & Engineering, said electricity demand would improve once growth picks up, though fuel and tariffs issues had to be reckoned with.
Mitcon is a technical consultancy formed in 1982 by ICICI, IDBI, IFCI, SICOM, MIDC and various banks. Banks seek its services for techno-economic viability and feasibility studies, due diligence and valuations.
It is well known that infra projects have been hamstrung with growth dropping as their cash flows were worked when the GDP was over eight per cent.
With growth stuttering and cash flows projections going awry project economics too turned unviable.
Harish HV, Partner, Grant Thornton India, said there are many projects that are incomplete and stranded for various reasons including shortage of fuel. But given the government’s intent to resolve the coal issue, the trouble for the power sector on this front could be temporary.
Tata Power, which has lost its top slot to Adani, could be the next player to acquire. Motilal Oswal researchers say there are reports that discussions are on for the sale of Jhabua Power (a subsidiary of Avantha Power & Infra) with a Tata Power–ICICI Ventures consortium.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Drink & drive  may now cost you Rs 15 000'Drink & drive' may now cost you Rs 15,000
Surajeet Das Gupta | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 12:57 AM IST
 
Are you a multitasker, trying to save time by talking on your mobile phone while driving? You might soon have to pay a fine of up to Rs 10,000. The government wants to increase the penalty for this (Rs 100-300 at present) — to Rs 4,000 for a first violation; Rs 6,000 the second time; and then Rs 10,000, in addition to licence suspension for a month and a compulsory training, thereafter.
Similarly, you might have to shell out Rs 15,000 or face a six-month licence suspension, if you are caught driving under the influence of alcohol. This offence currently attracts a penalty of Rs 3,000 or imprisonment of up to three years. For not wearing your seat belt while driving, you might have to pay a fine of Rs 5,000 and it will also give you two ‘demerit points’.
The proposed Road Transport and Safety Bill, likely to be cleared by the Union Cabinet next week and introduced in Parliament in its current session, seeks to make Indian roads safer by imposing hefty penalties for violation of traffic rules. It also proposes introducing a penalty-point system, like in developed countries, under which 12 demerit points against a driver (on repeat offences) leads to suspension of licence for a year. For instance, if a driver exceeds the stipulated speed limit by 9 km per hour, he gets one demerit point.
The proposed rules, though stringent, could prove beneficial in reducing consumers’ harassment by police personnel. The Bill seeks to introduce contact-free enforcement — relying on electronic surveillance for offences like over-speeding and use of mobile phones while driving — in all cities with population of more than one million.
NEW PROVISIONS
Set up a national authority with powers to recall vehicles and set minimum standards for safety, with stiff fines on violation
Remove discretionary powers of RTO by making testing for licence automatic; follow the online passport system
Special provisions for safety of children by earmarking responsibility to adults
Unified  licensing system
Mandatory check for cars and two-wheelers after five years
Citizens could sue road construction companies for making faulty and defective roads
Setting up of a motor accident fund to provide compulsory insurance cover
So, on getting emails about traffic rule violations, offenders could pay penalties online. Also proposed is earmarking of speed limits for all roads across the country.
Among many other changes that the Bill proposes, there is also a step to remove RTO (regional transport office) officials' human discretion and the touts' role, through introduction of automated driving licence tests. This is meant to fundamentally revamp the country's RTOs.
Drivers, like passport applicants under the new system, could apply online for licences and automatically get appointment dates for medical and road tests.
Also, the test will take place in an adaptive driving range (a system already in use in 18 districts of Gujarat), with various barriers and restrictions on the test track, and with electronic sensors to generate performance-based scores immediately.
The Bill also proposes to introduce a unified biometric licensing system to ensure a person has only one licence. For checking 'roadworthiness' of vehicles, the proposed Bill wants to introduce a mandatory fitness test for cars and two-wheelers after five years of registration.
This test could be taken anywhere in the country, so the owners will not have to take the pain of taking their vehicles to the state where those were registered. Also, transfer of vehicles from one state to another is sought to be facilitated online. For the first time, the Bill has also incorporated provisions for children's safety by fixing the accountability of adults when the road user is a child. Data show that children's fatality rate in road accidents is 28 per cent.
So, stringent punishments have been proposed - dangerous driving with a child on board could lead to a six-month suspension of licence, imprisonment of 15 days and a fine of Rs 15,000. And, in the event of a child's death in a road accident, the driver will land seven years in prison and have to pay Rs 3 lakh in fine.
The Bill also wants close scrutiny on automobile manufacturers. It proposes setting up of a national authority with powers to order recall of motor vehicles where a defect could cause harm, or which do not follow the standards for safety laid down in law. This body is to also have the powers to lay down regulations for safety assessment tests - such as crash tests, for which there are no common guidelines at present - and make the information public. Currently, vehicle makers registered with the Society of Indian Automobile Manufactures have since 2012 been following a voluntary recall policy that gives the company concerned discretionary powers for recall.
Many Indian manufacturers' cars for the domestic market have failed European agencies' crash tests, while their vehicles for other markets have easily passed those.
To ensure a breach of these regulations costs the company concerned dear, a fine of Rs 5 lakh has been proposed for each vehicle that fails the test. Also, for the first time, vehicle spare parts will require conformity certificates, so that spurious products could be avoided. The proposed law gives citizens the right to go to court if faulty design of roads leads to accidents. The Bill also regulates insurance and compensation in the case of accidents:  It incorporates setting up of a motor accident fund to provide compulsory insurance cover, setting up of a Motor Accident Claims tribunal to settle claims for compensation and provide cashless treatment for victims of all accidents during the 'Golden Hour' (15 to 60 minutes of an accident).

Maharashtra govt to cut non-plan expenditure by 40 pct: Eknath KhadseBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
As part of its austerity measure aimed at reducing fiscal deficit, Maharashtra government today announced to slash the non-plan expenditure by 40 per cent.
“There is a fiscal deficit of Rs 26,000 crore, hence the government has decided to effect a 40 percent cut in non-plan expenditure till the State Budget Session in March next year,” Revenue Minister Eknath Khadse told reporters here on the eve of the Winter Session of Maharashtra Legislature.
The erstwhile Congress-NCP government had adopted a similar practice with 20 per cent cut in non-plan expenses, although they had never made an announcement to that effect, he said.
On drought and farmers’ suicide, the minister said, “The government was concerned over farmers’ suicides and drought- like situation looming large over 19,024 villages in parts of state. The crop of cotton, soya in Vidarbha region suffered due to paucity of rains. We have taken decision to provide relief to farmers.”
Farmers will be given a 33.5 per cent waiver in electricity bills and their crop loan will be restructured. The farm labourers will be absorbed in the EGS work.
“Similarly those children of farmers, who are appearing for SSC and HSC exams, will not have to pay the examination fees for the same,” he said.
The BJP-Sena government is for ‘minimum government and maximum governance’ and will introduce one window-system for industries, where investment is less than Rs 100 crore and will be cleared within three days, he said.
“Development of Vidarbha will be a major issue for the government and implementation of Kelkar Committee on regional imbalances will be discussed in the House,” he said.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister Girish Bapat, Transport Minister Diwakar Raote, Industries Minister Subhash Desai, PWD Minister Eknath Shinde and Energy Minister Chandrashekhar Bawankule were also present.
TAGS: Maharashtra
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Somnath goes missing from Swachh BharatmapWritten by Ritu Sharma | Somnath |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:43 am
On one side while the entire premises of the Somnath temple was being swept with automated sweeping machines ensuring no speck of dirt left behind, the area hardly 100 metres from the temple boundaries spoke of administration’s apathy.
The “Swachh Bharat” mission launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has failed to reach the holy town of “Prabhas Patan”, the seat of Lord Somnath from where BJP patriarch L K Advani kicked off his Rath Yatra in October 1990. He along with PM Modi are trustees of the Somnath Temple Trust with former Gujarat chief minister Keshubhai Patel the Trust chairman.
In the lack of any sewage plan, the entire waste water from Prabhas Patan area is dumped into the sea right beside the Somnath Temple. There is no planning on the part of civic authorities for waste disposal from the area resulting in garbage dumping in the open. The same has been repeatedly brought to the notice of civic authorities but going by the present situation it seems they have turned a blind eye to it.
The hawkers and residents around the Somnath Temple lamented about the situation terming it to be neglected for years now. “The situation has gone worse but not any better. What is the point if there is cleanliness inside the temple premises but dumps of garbage right outside it as the entire city waste disposal is dumped here,” rued a hawker near the temple.
The Veraval-Patan city BJP president, Pravin Ruparelia, in his recent written complaint submitted against its own party run Veraval-Patan joint municipality, cited high neglect of cleanliness in the city that has resulted in the outbreak of diseases like chicken guniya, malaria, dengue and other mosquito-borne diseases.
“It is really sad that the Swachh Bharat campaign started by Modi who himself is the Somnath temple trustee could not reach this holy place where thousands of pilgrims visit daily from across the country. Similar is the condition of Veraval city that has a population of nearly 2 lakh,” he said.
When contacted the civic authorities, the chief executive officer of Veraval-Patan joint municipality Tilak Shastri admitted that the cleanliness situation is certainly bad but assured that the issue would be soon taken care of.
“The underground drainage project has been pending for one reason or the other for a long time now but with the recent state government’s approval, the work would soon start, hopefully this month itself as was decided in the meeting of all agencies held two days back,” said Shastri.
Further, he added, “With this, the problem of disposal of waste water would be permanently resolved. The underground storm and waste water project would cater to both the towns of Veraval and Prabhas Patan taking care of all the issues faced by the residents at present,” said Shastri.

PU cant fill Sanskrit seats despite droppingcut-offsWritten by Ifrah Mufti | Chandigarh |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:01 am
While certain organisations want Sanskrit teaching encouraged in schools and universities, there are not many takers for the language in Panjab University (PU). In recent years, the university’s Sanskrit Department has never filled up all of its 60 seats. In the current session, there are only 25 students who are all pursuing MA in Sanskrit. Most of them are from Himachal Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana.
The cut off percentage for admission this year was 51.04 for general category students and 45 per cent for scheduled caste and scheduled tribe students. It drops by approximately 1 per cent every year, says Shankarji Jha, the department head.
With students nowadays looking at placement opportunities, there are a few takers for a language. “When a student is sure that he will get a job after studying any other subject, why would he opt for Sanskrit? It is for this reason that economics, science, engineering are the sought-after subjects,” said one student. “If the university provides adequate facilities to make the department at par with others, however, more students will come because PU has the only department in the region which offers MPhil and PhD programmes,” he added.
Another student said he was studying the language so that he could choose it as one of the subjects in his civil service exam. In fact, quiet a few students are planning to take the civil service exam because Sanskrit is considered a ‘scoring language’, as compared to other languages, he added. Most, however, hope to get appointed as lecturers after completing their course.
Department head Jha explains the situation: “Adequate staff, scholarship programmes, practical training, good teaching methods, infrastructure, job prospects are some of the important parametres to attract students, but we stand nowhere on these parameters. Sanskrit has somehow lost its importance and the language has become less popular, especially in schools where the teaching should actually begin”.
“Has any Sanskrit teacher ever tried to make students learn the language through mediums such as power-point presentations, documentaries or movies. The teaching methodology in our subject is zero and thus nobody is keen to opt for it,” he added.
The department has around 20 research scholars, of whom 11 are pursuing MPhil but there are only three guides. Of the nine sanctioned professor posts, only three have been filled up. Jha said that three months ago, he had asked PU authorities to recruit four more professors but they only advertised for one post. There were no funds to add new Sanskrit books and magazines in the library and to hold monthly workshops.
“The year is about to end and we are still waiting for new teachers. The authorities say that since we do not have enough students, they cannot provide us with teachers. It continued…

Year after UT assurance in HC  govt teachers still doing clericalworkPosted: December 8, 2014 4:57 am
BY VIVEK GUPTA
In August last year, Chandigarh’s DPI (schools) submitted an affidavit in the Punjab and Haryana High Court stating that all government school heads in UT had been ordered not to assign non-academic work to teachers at the cost of teaching hours. In February this year, the high court, while hearing a PIL, directed the department to take non-academic work away from teachers.
A year since the affidavit, however, information obtained under RTI shows that teachers are still doing the clerical work of maintaining the salary and attendance records of their colleagues. This, when government schools are short of teachers.
As per the RTI, two senior teachers of Government Model Senior Secondary School (GMSSS) at Karsan, Sanjeev Gupta and Dinesh Kumar, take only two classes a day, as against four to five by other teachers, because they do clerical work related to the central government’s Sarv Shikhsa Abhiyan. They are expected to maintain the salary record of contract teachers, disburse grants, maintain the building fund and funds under the Rashtriya Madhyamik Siksha Abhijan (RMSA).
Sanjeev is a science teacher and Dinesh Kumar is a maths teacher. The school had performed poorly in the class X and class XII board exams in the 2013-14 session. “The school has just one clerk, therefore, the heavy work of funds could not be transferred from teachers to clericial staff,” stated the school principal in his RTI reply.
The city’s top government school, GMSS-16, too has teachers doing work related to SSA and RMSA, because there is only one senior assistant (accountant) and the post of junior assistant is vacant. Here also, experienced teachers take only three periods every day because they have to do non-academic work.
GSSS-45 stated, in its reply, that it was forced to allot less teaching hours to teachers as the Education Department had not provided them with clerical staff for managing several funds. In reply to an RTI query, the principal of GMSSS-56 stated that it is a double shift school with 3,550 students and 88 teachers. It has only one accountant, but still it has been given financial powers of two other junior schools in the vicinity. The school has no alternative but to assign non-teaching work to teachers, said the school head.
At the Government High School, Hallomajra, TGT maths Kamlajeet Kaur is unable to take more than three classes a day despite 80 per cent of the students failing in maths and science in class IX in 2013-14 session. The RTI responses of other 10 schools also show that work of SSA, RMSA and building fund takes away a lot of teaching hours in the absence of adequate clerical staff.
Asked about it, Education Secretary Sarvjit Singh said that it was a serious matter and said that the administration would look into it.
Advocate Vishal Aggarwal, who had filed the PIL on which the high court passed an interim order in February, said, “If it still happens, it is clearly contempt of court which needs to be brought to the court’s notice,” he said. continued…

After 4 years  states fastest runner gets a nationaltrackWritten by Aditi Raja | Vadodara |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:51 am
A 50-kg scrap tyre fastened to a string tied around her waist, trails her in her unassailable circuit run around the uneven railway colony ground in Bharuch. But in the backdrop of trains running across the parallel tracks, Vaishnavi Vaghela (17) is focused as she counts her tenth circuit round of the ground. Cheena, as she is fondly called, has decided to not betray the opportunity that has come knocking at her doors, four years after she was discovered as the fastest runner in Gujarat in the 21-km category, at the age of 12 in 2010 with a timing of 1 hour and 56 minutes. She became the first athlete from the region to participate in the Delhi cross country race in the same year.
On November 22, this year, Vaishnavi’s stellar performance at the Delhi Marathon — where she bagged the fifth spot — earned her a selection into the month-long national athletics camp to be held in Bhopal from December 6 — Indian Elite Athletics Excellence Programme by the Sports Authority of India.
If she performs well, this camp could take her to Kenya for a training session with international athletes and there would be no looking back. Vaishnavi says the selection is a beacon of light that she is determined to follow. “I am preparing myself very hard for this selection. It is not only important for me but also for over 25 other children from my area who are looking up to me to set an example for them. I am confident I will do well,” she says.
Vaishnavi carries with her the hope of several children from the notorious Dubai Tekra and Lotwad Tekra area of Bharuch, that are known as the neighbourhoods of country liquor and drug peddlers, among other criminal activities — where the noise of abusive alcoholic husbands thrashing their wives for money to buy the country liquor or ‘potlis’ can drown any other conversation.
Vaishnavi’s struggle to create her identity has not been easy — her father, a daily wage labourer earns just Rs 200 a day if he finds work. But it is her mother Sharda, who has given her wings. “My mother is very happy about this selection. She has not been able to speak to me because she is choked,” Vaishnavi says.
Discovered by her mentor and coach Vitthal Shinde as a promising runner at the age of 10, running after kites along a sewage canal of one of the most notorious neighbourhoods in Bharuch, Vaishnavi can run up to 40 kilometres non-stop, without food or footwear  and beat the best of athletes at that. Her medals and certificates from various taluka-, district- and state-level games are proof of her excellence. Armed with her letter of selection received from the Sports Authority of India, Vaishnavi left for Bhopal on Saturday, a tad bit nervous.
“This is the first time I continued…

CICU  FICO take up issue of credit limit hike with GirirajSinghBy: Express News Service | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:45 am
In an interactive session with the Chamber of Industrial and Commercial Undertakings (CICU) and the Federation of Industrial and Commercial Organisation (FICO), Giriraj Singh, Minister of State, Ministry of Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME), was given a list of demands. The associations stated that credit limit of micro units should be increased from Rs 25 lakh to Rs 3 crore, that of small units from Rs 5 crore to Rs 10 crore and for small units, from Rs 10 crore to Rs 20 crore.
The associations stated that the Technology Upgradation Fund (TUF) scheme should be popularised and the limit of Credit Linked Capital Subsidy Scheme (CLCSS) should be enhanced from Rs 1 crore to Rs 5 crore.
The other demands included a MSME fund for cluster development, technology upgradation and finance at low price, said Avtar Singh, president, CICU.
The minister advised S S Dhillon, Director, MSME, to prepare formal document on the issues and submit it to him. He also assured the industrialists that their interests would be taken care of.
The prominent industrialists who attended the meetings were  Ramesh Mago, president, Food Processing Industries; Vinod Thapar, Chairman, Knitwears Club; Gurmeet Singh Kular, president, FICO; Narinder Bhamra, president, Fasteners’ Association; D S Chawla, ex-president; UCPMA; S C Ralhan, president, Hand Tools Association; Satish Dhanda, Vice-President, Akali Dal; R K Jindal, patron, CICU; T R Mishra, president, Boiler Association; and many others. Hardeep Sungh Grewal, Chairman, Khadi Board, and Praveen Bansal, district president, BJP Ludhiana, were also present.

M&A - Buyers retort© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/9b7114c0-7bdf-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lets all do the corporate hokey-cokey© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab600584-7a0a-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nifty seen opening flat; may reclaim 8550 levelsBSE sensex
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DEKLHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open flat on Monday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8550 levels.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 1 point higher at 8,576 indicating a flat opening on the domestic market.
The S&P BSE Sensex closed 105 points down at 28,458.10, while the 50-share Nifty index closed 26 points lower at 8538 on Friday.
"In our opinion, it is a healthy correction which usually takes place after a decent surge and may extend further for couple of sessions," says Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"Ideally, it's an opportunity for those who feel left out in the recent rally and accumulate fundamentally strong counters from banking, FMCG and selective midcap space," he adds.
Nifty Future saw some mild corrections and consolidating in a small range after hitting all time high of 8668 last week, but overall breadth of the market is positive.
"Movement of index in near term will on consistently remain on further reform initiatives to be taken in the ongoing winter session," says Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"Markets will take cues from IIP , CPI & WPI data expected to be announced next week on Friday," he adds.
On Friday, the Dow and S&P 500 closed a seventh straight weekly advance as a better-than-expected jobs report indicated strong economic growth.
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low, Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
Asian shares were trading flat with a positive bias. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.08 per cent higher at 17,934 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.26 per cent higher at 24,063. China's Shanghai index was trading 0.15 per cent higher at 2,942.
FEATURED ARTICLES

 Infosys  SpiceJet  ICICI Bank in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
Infosys, SpiceJet, ICICI Bank in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: December 08, 2014 13:55 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened flat on Monday as indicated by futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Foreign investors remained net sellers of Indian equities on Friday as they had sold stocks worth Rs 109 crore in cash market. However domestic investors were net buyers to the extent of Rs 166 crore. Sentiment is likely to be positive as Brent crude price remained below $70 a barrel.
Here are the stocks likely to see action today:
Infosys: As per reports four Infosys founders are looking to sell 3.2 crore shares in the company for personal and philanthropy reasons at Rs 1,988 per share against Friday's closing price of Rs 2,063.40 per share on NSE. As of September 30, promoters held 15.9 per cent stake in the company.
SpiceJet: Its board is meeting today to take up recapitalisation plan of the company and payment of dues to different vendors. The aviation regulator has asked the airline to submit a payment plan by December 15 to clear over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors.
ICICI Bank has announced sale of its Russian banking subsidiary, which has assets of $114 million to Sovcombank in Russia. Transaction price will be determined on the completion of the deal. The bank expects to complete the deal by end of this financial year. Morgan Stanley says this is a step in right direction.
Aurobindo Pharma has completed the acquisition of assets of Natrol Inc and its other affiliate entities for $132.5 million. Natrol Inc is a nutritional supplement maker.
Thermax has bagged an order worth Rs 351 crore from a leading African industrial major. Under this order it will build a captive power plant for one of the conglomerate's cement plants.
State Bank of India is planning to raise $300 million through a bond issue. The bonds will be issued by its London branch and will carry a coupon of 3.95 per cent, payable semi-annually.
Nestle India goes ex-dividend today. The company had declared an interim dividend of Rs 8 per share on December 3, 2014.
Story first published on: December 08, 2014 13:55 (IST)

 Asia Stocks Firm After Robust US Jobs DataYou are here: Home Market
Asia Stocks Firm After Robust US Jobs Data, Dollar Stands Tall
Associated Press | Updated On: December 08, 2014 07:55 (IST)
Tokyo: Asian stocks stood firm and the dollar notched fresh seven-year highs against the yen on Monday after much stronger-than-expected jobs data underlined the strength of the US economy.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was unchanged. Australian shares gained 0.8 percent.
Tokyo's Nikkei rose 0.3 per cent, poking above 18,000 for the first time since July 2007.
Data on Friday showed US non-farm payrolls in November surged by 321,000, easily topping forecasts for 230,000 new jobs.
The Dow and S&P closed at record highs in light of the robust employment numbers, although the gains were modest with increasing signs of economic strength seen drawing the Federal Reserve closer to hiking rates.
The dollar was steady at 121.520 yen after touching a new seven-year high of 121.860. The dollar index hovered near a 5-1/2 year high of 89.467.
A bullish dollar worked against crude oil, with the stronger greenback making commodities denominated in the US currency less affordable for holders of other currencies.
US crude was down $1.03 at $64.81 a barrel, heading towards a five-year low of $63.72 struck a week ago, with a strong US jobs report doing little to lift the bearish mood.
Some observers focused on the positives of cheaper oil.
"The good news is that the fall in crude oil prices will provide well over two-thirds of the world's consumers with a windfall gain, particularly, the US, North Asian and Indian consumer. It is of modest help to Europe as well," Sean Darby, chief global equity strategist at Jefferies, said in a note to clients.
"This windfall gain ought to boost global GDP by around 0.5 per cent for every US$20/barrel drop in oil prices (with a lag)."
The dollar stood tall against the euro, which languished near a two-year low of $1.2270.
The common currency was also weighed down after Standard & Poors on Friday cut Italy's sovereign rating to BBB-, just a notch above junk
The euro and yen are expected to remain on the defensive against the dollar indefinitely as the strong US jobs data further contrasted the divergent monetary policy paths of the Fed and its European and Japanese counterparts who are mired in underwhelming easing schemes.
While the Fed is seen to have moved a step nearer to hiking rates, the European Central Bank is under pressure to enhance its stimulus programme while the Bank of Japan remains far from reaching its inflation target.
Germany's Bundesbank halved its 2015 growth forecast for Europe's largest economy on Friday and also trimmed its estimate for this year, though its president said there were signs that current weakness would soon be overcome.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Indian rupee opens at 61.98 per dollar; slips 21 paiseDec 08, 2014, 09.05 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian rupee opens at 61.98 per dollar; slips 21 paise
The Indian rupee slipped in the early trade on Monday. It has opened lower by 21 paise at 61.98 per dollar versus 61.77 Friday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian rupee opens at 61.98 per dollar; slips 21 paise
The Indian rupee slipped in the early trade on Monday. It has opened lower by 21 paise at 61.98 per dollar versus 61.77 Friday.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian rupee slipped in the early trade on Monday. It has opened lower by 21 paise at 61.98 per dollar versus 61.77 Friday.
Dollar trades at its highest in over five years against a basket of major currencies, having rallied hard late last week on the back of a surprisingly robust US employment report.
Also Read - RBI to cut rates in Feb, 50 bps total in 2015: MS
Agam Gupta of Standard Chartered said, “The US jobs data on Friday evening was stronger than expected and this has led to dollar strengthening against other currencies.”
“The USD-INR should trade in a range of 61.80-62.15/dollar today. Any upticks will attract exporter hedging and dips to 61.80-61.85/dollar will attract bids from local government owned banks,” he added.
According to Karvy currency report, Asian currencies are trading on a negative note with respect to the dollar. US dollar appreciated against all the major currencies after the positive jobs data. Japanese Yen is trading lower at 121.54, Euro at 1.2290 below the 1.2300 mark, and Pound below 1.5600 with respect to the US dollar. One month Rupee NDF is trading at 62.27 with a change of 15 paisa from Friday’s close indicating a negative opening for the Indian rupee. We expect rupee to open on a negative note with respect to the dollar but appreciate against the remaining three currency pairs.
Important Economic data is to be released today: Japan's GDP was revised lower, China's Exports fell for this month. In the afternoon we have industrial production from Germany.
In a nutshell, we expect the USDINR pair to open on a negative note and trading to be sideways for most of the day.
RELATED NEWS

15 years and counting...Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
15 years of CNBC-TV18: India story still in early chapters
The next fifteen years will see us report on the creation of remarkable wealth and its distribution. The story is still in its early chapters
Post your opinion here
 
Akshara, a wooden theatre about a kilometre north of Parliament house in Delhi served as a makeshift studio for our first broadcast. The anchors sat at a table on-stage, the cameras were positioned in the galleries. There were miles of cables on the floor between, the landlord had made it clear that we couldn’t use a single nail or drill into the floor or the walls.
We were a team of less than 50, and used a team of men on scooters and cycles to carry tapes to the uplink station at VSNL. Everything you saw then was delayed 15 minutes, except the stock tickers that were slapped on live at the CNBC Asia studios in Singapore.
Today, we are a team of over a 1000, we broadcast over 18 hours of  original programming a day, most of which  we uplink LIVE. Our studios are state of the art; the occasional cable is still visible though.
But that change is nothing when you compare it to what we’ve seen happen in India in the 15 years we have been on air. The numbers that measure the change are staggering:
The Nifty was at about 850, today it's touched 8600. India’s market cap was about Rs Seven lakh crore, today it is over Rs 100 lakh crore. That numbers tell the tale of the creation of wealth on a scale the country has never seen before. And when it has acted wisely the government has been among its biggest beneficiaries. Maruti stands out as an example, in 2003 on the day of the company's IPO, the government's 45% share was worth Rs 1800 crore, four years later it sold its last remaining 10 percent for Rs 2400 crore. 
As one wise man put, we truly are a rich country filled with more than our share of poor people. We are confident though that the next fifteen years will see us report on the creation of remarkable wealth and its distribution. The story is still in its early chapters.
RELATED NEWS

Market not expensive yet  Maruti top pick: Credit SuisseDec 08, 2014, 08.51 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Market not expensive yet, Maruti top pick: Credit Suisse
Neelkanth Mishra, Credit Suisse expects the market to prefer companies with strong medium-term earnings growth visibility.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Market not expensive yet, Maruti top pick: Credit Suisse
Neelkanth Mishra, Credit Suisse expects the market to prefer companies with strong medium-term earnings growth visibility.
Post your opinion here
 
Neelkanth Mishra, Credit Suisse believes the market is likely to continue to pay more for growth, and the Indian market is not expensive yet. “It is likely to see the strongest earnings growth, with among the least severe downward revisions,” he says.

Nationals to make another effort re-sign Jordan Zimmermann long-termBy James Wagner December 7 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Jordan Zimmermann. (Photo by Mitchell Layton/Getty Images)
With the winter meetings set to officially begin on Monday in San Diego, the Nationals have made one of their priorities clear: they want to make another run at signing starting pitcher Jordan Zimmermann before he becomes a free agent after next season. Even though past efforts to sign the right-hander to a long-term deal haven’t been successful , the Nationals hope to make another effort starting this week, according to a person familiar with the situation.
The Nationals and Zimmermann’s representatives are set to meet this week, according to a different person familiar with the situation. Until now, both sides hadn’t talked about a long-term deal since last winter when negotiations were far apart and Zimmermann instead agreed to a two-year, $24-million deal to cover his final two seasons of arbitration.
Zimmermann, 28, was the Nationals best starter last season, posting a 2.66 ERA over 199 2/3 innings, earning a second all-star selection and capping a stellar season with a no-hitter on the final day of the regular season. He also nearly threw a complete game in the playoffs. He has been the Nationals’ most consistent starter, posting a 2.96 ERA over the past three season while averaging 203 innings.
If the Nationals cannot re-sign Zimmermann, they could just let the situation play out (have the right-hander pitch his final season in Washington and try negotiations again next winter or then perhaps get a draft pick back for him if he declines a qualifying offer) or consider trading him now. General Manager Mike Rizzo said earlier this winter that he is open to moving any players with one year left if the offer is right.
To trade Zimmermann, the Nationals would have be wowed by an offer, perhaps a young middle infielder who can play second this year and shortstop in the future if Ian Desmond isn’t also re-signed.
Throughout negotiations last year and this winter, Zimmermann has maintained he is open to staying in Washington but for the right offer. He says he understands the situation and knows his name has come up often in trade discussions this winter.
“We’re talking baseball and anything can happen,” Zimmermann told the Post last month . “Obviously, I’d like to stay with the Nats. I have no complaints about the Nats. It’s a business. I know that. If they feel they want to trade me and get something in return that will help them later down the road, I totally understand. At the end of the day, I love the Nats. I love this city. I love playing there. … If the deal is right, I’ll definitely sign a multi-year deal. I never once said I didn’t want to stay in D.C. But at the end of the day, the deal has to be right and the deal has to be fair and that’s all I’m asking for. Just pay me what I’m worth and I’ll be happy to stay. If we can’t come to common ground, I guess free agency is the next step.”
It is unclear how much the Nationals offered Zimmermann during the last round of negotiations last winter. One report earlier this winter said the Nationals offered five years for $85 million, but it is believed the offer could have been lower, in the $60 million range, according to two people familiar with the situation. Either way, the Nationals will likely have to start at a higher point than either offer to re-engage Zimmermann’s representatives about a long-term deal.
Zimmermann has often been compared to Reds starter Homer Bailey, another right-handed starter who is the same age. Zimmermann, however, is a better pitcher than Bailey.  And in February, the Reds inked Bailey to a six-year, $105 million deal when he had one year left before free agency, setting a new benchmark for Zimmermann’s market . A deal for Zimmermann could be likely worth closer to those of Zack Greinke and Cole Hamels, who will make $147 million and $144 million over six years, respectively.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

How Macys uses Social CodeBy Thomas Heath December 5 Follow @addedvalueth
Macy’s is one of SocialCode’s biggest customers.
SocialCode is one of the services the retailer uses to push its brands, products and special content to reach the right audiences at a large scale on Facebook and Twitter.
Take Thanksgiving Day. Macy’s created reams of content straight from the staging area and route of its three-hour parade. This content was posted on a variety of social media platforms, including Facebook and Twitter.
From Macy’s Herald Square headquarters, two SocialCode techies helped the Macy’s social media team deliver that content in real time to the Facebook and Twitter users they believed would be most engaged and interested.
Whether it was fans of a pop star performing in the parade that day or of a character such as SpongeBob SquarePants, SocialCode helped Macy’s put the behind-the-scenes, live-as-it-happens content on their social radar.
Under old media, an advertiser buys an ad that reaches the largest audience possible, hoping to reach as many would-be buyers as possible.
It’s sort of “spray and pray.”
SocialCode helps advertisers such as Macy’s more efficiently target at a large scale those Facebook and Twitter users who are most likely to purchase specific types of products from their stores with relevant ads featuring those products.
Whether it’s the home cook always on the lookout for the latest kitchen gadgets or the millennial hunting for the season’s “it” handbag, the advertising they receive will be the most relevant to their individual needs, wants and interests.
“Right now, we have our ‘Friends & Family’ event going on in our stores and online,” said Jennifer Kasper, Macy’s group vice president for digital media and multicultural marketing. “So take me, for example, I would receive the Macy’s Friends & Family ad that includes shoes, handbags and women’s apparel, because I’ve previously expressed interest or engaged with content focused on these types of products. While someone else, maybe a chef, may receive a version of the advertising that includes stand mixers, kitchen gadgets and other home products.”
More from Capital Business:
For a daily rundown of Washington area business news, sign up for the “CapBiz A.M.” e-mail newsletter.
Thomas Heath is a local business reporter and columnist, writing about entrepreneurs and various companies big and small in the Washington Metropolitan area. Previously, he wrote about the business of sports for The Post’s sports section for most of a decade.

MFs  Nov equity investment at lowest since Modi took chargeMFs  Nov equity investment at lowest since Modi took charge
Will take final decision on loan agreement with Adani in 2-3 months: Arundhati BhattacharyaWill take final decision on loan agreement with Adani in 2-3 months: Arundhati Bhattacharya
Infosys Four founders plans to sell shares worth $1.1bnInfosys Four founders plans to sell shares worth $1.1bn
PM Modi visits boost India s perception as investment destination: SurveyPM Modi visits boost India s perception as investment destination: Survey
Hi bain bro  rightly said..could you please follow me  wanted to send...Platinum Member
346 Followers
I remember you are in TM and have you got messages then and there when TM signs new orders?Here i was attracted on comments from Jay indicating tanls is the best ETHICs just for misguiding innocent ones.jay is my good friend
In reply to : ashuragini message
8.03 AM Dec 8th

This wont be trading anything less than 190 rs - 200rs by january 2015Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Crude buyers ko to thandi lag rahi hogi aajCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

And mine 500 got sold since it opened lower :-(Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Markets may open flat; SBI  Infosys  Bajaj Auto in focusMarkets may open flat; SBI, Infosys, Bajaj Auto in focus
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 08:28 AM IST
Markets are likely to open flat tracking the mixed trends in their Asian peers. However, markets may edge higher later in the session on the boost generated by the better-than-expected US jobs data.
At 8:30AM, the early indicator SGX Nifty was flat points at 8,578.
Traders will watch the proceedings of the winter session of parliament for cues. Some progress on reform-centric legislative proposals is expected.
Key macro-economic data, wholesale and consumer price inflation data for November 2014 and industrial output data for October 2014 is scheduled to be released on Friday.
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 109.45 crore on Friday, as per provisional stock exchange data
Nikkei is trading flat after opening with gains of around 0.3%. Strong US jobs data and dollar notching fresh seven-year highs against the yen on Monday boosted Japanese shares.
Hang Seng and Shanghai Coposite indices are trading with gains of 0.5% and 0.8% each.
On Friday, US markets closed higher on better-than-expected nonfarm payroll data. US economy added 325,000 new jobs in the month of November which boosted the sentiments. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.3% to 17,959, the S&P 500 rose 0.1% to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite gained 0.2% to 4,780.76.
Stocks to Watch
Infosys will be in focus as four of its founders are going to raise around $1.1 billion by selling their stakes in the company, according to media reports.
SBI will be in focus on plans to raise $ 300 million by way of issuing bonds. The proceeds are planned to be used for general corporate purposes.
Bajaj Auto is in news on reports that the company is looking to raise prices of its two models - Platina and Discover - from next month in order to partially offset increase in input costs.
Jubilant Foodworks may come under pressure as its promoter group entity Weston Investment Ltd has reduced its stake in the company by 2.44 per cent by selling 15.97 lakh shares in the open market.
Spicejet will be in focus as its board meets today to come up with plans to recapitalise the troubled airline.

Mid-caps no middlingmoversDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The BSE Midcap index scaled another peak on Thursday, putting on 25.96 points or 0.25% to end the session at 10,525.82, reports fe Bureau in Mumbai.
With these gains, the mid-cap space appears to have gained back some of the momentum it lost since July.
Among the counters that have done well are NBCC, which has jumped fivefold since January, CCL, which has surged sixfold, and Symphony, which has quadrupled in value. Biscuit maker Britannia, consumer durables firm Whirlpool and Ajanta Pharma and Natco Pharma have rallied anywhere between 85% and 200%.
After under-performing the Sensex in three of the last four months ending October, the broader mid-cap index has outperformed the Sensex with gains 4.43% in November.
So far in 2014, the BSE Midcap has gained 57% against the Sensex’s gain of 35% with as many as 177 constituents yielding better returns than the 30-share large-cap index.
It is not surprising that the index is trading close to its peak relative valuations against the Sensex with one-year forward earnings multiple of 16.78, and nearly a third of the 267 constituents already having doubled in value. The performance also appears broad-based with stocks from the construction, consumer durables, automobile, infrastructure, capital goods, pharma and financial services sectors.
TAGS: BSE Sensex
More from indianmarkets

Redington shares jump on reports of Apple s big India pushApple plans big India push with 500 stores, distributors' share rise
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 18:18 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Redington India on Friday jumped 12.2 per cent to an all-time high of Rs 147.75 intra-day before settling over 5 per cent higher on reports of US-based electronics giant Apple Inc planning to expand its presence in India.
Apple currently operates in India through two key distributors -  Redington and Ingram - who then supply the products to regional  distributors, multi-product trade channels, Apple Premium Re-seller  stores and Apple Authorized Re-seller outlets.
According to a report in The Economic Times , Cupertino-based Apple, whose iPhones and iPads are among the top bought gadgets in India, is planning to open 500 'iOS' stores in the country, reaching out to smaller towns and cities.
Redington, one of the biggest partners for Apple in India and accounting for nearly 70 per cent of its sales, is likely to spearhead the new model for the iPhone maker.
Apple has "tentatively approved" the expansion proposal and will give a final go-ahead very soon, defining all the parameters and phases of expansion, the report added. "These new stores will be smaller in size and could range from 300-600 sq ft against over 2,000 sq ft size of existing stores in bigger cities," it said.
Reacting to the reports, shares of Redington closed 5.47 per cent higher at Rs 137.95 on the Bombay Stock Exchange. The stock is up 93.5 per cent year-to-date, compared to 35.8 per cent of Nifty.
(With inputs from agencies)

Sr Derivative Analyst Way2WealthAditya Agarwal is a Head Technical and Derivatives at Way2Wealth Securities, Education: International School of Business & Media, Pune Apex Institute of Management Studies and Research.
ABOUT Aditya Agarwal
Aditya Agarwal is a Head Technical and Derivatives at Way2Wealth Securities, Education: International School of Business & Media, Pune Apex Institute of Management Studies and Research.

Australia vs India  strengths and weaknessesFlare Up: Warner vs Indians
Fri 12 Dec, 2014 10:40 AM IST
Virat Kohli had to play peacemaker to the warring Indians and Australians on the fourth day of the Adelaide Test. It all happened in the post-Tea session when David Warner was called back after being bowled off a Varun Aaron no-ball. Having been accorded a huge send off by the bowler, who was obviously … More » Flare Up: Warner vs Indians
5th ODI: Sri Lanka vs England
Fri 12 Dec, 2014 7:18 AM IST
Johnson Hits Kohli: The Bouncer Incident
Thu 11 Dec, 2014 5:48 PM IST
India captain Virat Kohli received a bouncer to his helmet on the first ball of his innings in Adelaide today. Kohli was shaken as was Mitchell Johnson, with memories of Phil Hughes fresh in everyone's minds. Kohli overcame the incident to score a fine hundred. Johnson too bounced back by dismissing … More » Johnson Hits Kohli: The Bouncer Incident
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Cricket Photos of The Week 7.12.14
Mon 8 Dec, 2014 3:58 PM IST
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
Sun 7 Dec, 2014 12:47 PM IST
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]

AstraZeneca  Ranbaxy Prevail in Nexium Antitrust TrialYou are here: Home Corporates
AstraZeneca, Ranbaxy Prevail in Nexium Antitrust Trial
Reuters | Updated On: December 06, 2014 18:40 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
A Massachusetts jury has found that an agreement between AstraZeneca Plc and Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd to delay the launch of a generic version of AstraZeneca's heartburn drug Nexium was not anticompetitive.
The verdict, handed down Friday in federal court in Boston, is the first time a jury has decided such a case since the US Supreme Court ruled last year that so-called "pay-for-delay" settlements may run afoul of antitrust laws.
The US Federal Trade Commission estimates that pay-for-delay deals, in which a branded drugmaker pays a generic rival to stay off the market, cost consumers $3.5 billion each year.
An attorney for the plaintiffs, which include drug wholesalers, retailers and insurers, could not be reached for comment. AstraZeneca and an attorney for Ranbaxy released statements saying they were pleased with the verdict.
The lawsuit, which began in 2012, challenged a 2008 settlement in a patent suit between AstraZeneca and Ranbaxy. The plaintiffs claim the settlement gave Ranbaxy nearly $1 billion to delay the launch of its generic Nexium.
The suit originally also targeted two other generic drugmakers that reached deals with AstraZeneca over Nexium, namely Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd and Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd, but both settled with the plaintiffs.
Two other cases against the same four companies over the Nexium settlements are pending in Pennsylvania state court. Those cases are not affected by Friday's verdict.
Ranbaxy had planned to launch generic Nexium this year, but the FDA recently revoked its approval, citing problems with the company's manufacturing process.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

CEO of life: In conversation with Mittu ChandilyaHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Day after announcing economy triumph  Barack Obama hits by gasPresident Obama today underwent a CT scan and a fiber optic exam after complaining of a sore throat, and was found to have symptoms indicating acid reflux.
Obama, 53, went to Walter Reed military hospital after complaining of a persistent sore throat.
“This morning, an ear, nose and throat specialist conducted a fiber optic exam of the President’s throat based on symptoms of sore throat over the past couple weeks,” said Dr Ronny L Jackson, physician to the President and Director of the White House Medical Unit.
“The exam revealed soft tissue swelling in the posterior throat and I, in consultation with the specialist, determined that further evaluation with a routine CT scan was prudent,”he said, adding that the CT scan was conducted this afternoon purely as a matter of convenience for the President’s schedule. The CT scan was normal.
“The President’s symptoms are consistent with soft tissue inflammation related to acid reflux and will be treated accordingly,” Jackson said.
Obama, who gave up smoking before entering the White House, has had very few medical problems during his nearly six years in office.
TAGS: Barack Obama
More from industry

Victoria s Secret Angels wow LondonCelebrity Search
Victoria's Secret Angels take London by storm
The lingerie world’s most highly anticipated event descended on Britain for the first time on Tuesday, Dec 2. More than 40 supermodels took to the catwalk for the brand’s annual extravaganza. We’ve rounded up the best from the sizzling show including backstage access, pictures of the star-studded performances and of course the gorgeous models in their feathers and garters
Doutzen Kroes walks the runway at the annual Victoria's Secret fashion show at Earls Court on December 2, 2014 in London, England.
1 / 30
Meet Nargis Fakhri, the cover girl
Thu 11 Dec, 2014 1:16 PM IST
Gorgeous actress Nargis Fakhri  features on the bridal cover of Harper’s Bazaar magazine- the December issue. The  actress looks beautiful in an Alexander McQueen creation. More » Meet Nargis Fakhri, the cover girl
Deepika Padukone and Aamir Khan play a tennis match
Wed 10 Dec, 2014 3:10 PM IST
True heroes who battled cancer
Thu 16 Jun, 2011 5:04 PM IST
Steve Jobs, the visionary who transformed the worlds of personal computing, finally lost his years-long battle with pancreatic cancer. Six years ago, Jobs had talked about how a sense of his mortality was a major driver behind that vision. It takes real courage to swim against the current and smile even when you are writhing in pain. A look at the celebrity figures who showed great grit in their battle against cancer. Meet the real heroes. More » True heroes who battled cancer
Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
Fri 23 Dec, 2011 2:09 PM IST
From yummy to weird, here's a look at the menu of our pregnant celebs. Read on More » Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
Moon gazing on Karva Chauth
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 12:13 PM IST
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
The stunning stars at GQ Men Of The Year Awards
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 1:00 PM IST
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
Today on Yahoo

Box office: Average business for  Action JacksonBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 5:54 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 12:34 pm
Actor-filmmaker Prabhudheva’s latest directorial ‘Action Jackson’ will touch Rs.20 crore soon — but trade experts figure the numbers are not overwhelming for the “routine and hackneyed” movie.
Starring Ajay Devgn, Sonakshi Sinha, Yami Gautam and Manasvi Mamgai, the action film hit approximately 3,000 screens Friday.
“It earned Rs.19 crore in two days. It was made on a budget of about Rs.75 crore and considering that, the film should’ve done better. Those who like Prabhudheva kind of films have mostly gone for it, but not everyone,” Rajesh Thadani of Multimedia Combines told IANS.
Prabhudheva is known for making massy films like ‘R… Rajkumar’ and ‘Rowdy Rathore’.
Trade expert Komal Nahta tweeted: “#ActionJackson is too routine and hackneyed. Meant for masses, not for classes.”
‘Sulemani Keeda’, an indie comedy, also hit the screens along with the star-packed “Action Jackson”, but it also failed to earn big at the box office.
“#SulemaniKeeda is cute. Meant for people looking for different cinema. Commercial prospects are weak,” Nahta tweeted.
Thadani also has “doubts” about the film’s performance at the box office.
“The collections were negligible. It earned around Rs.25 lakh. It is for select audience,” he added.

Food Corporation Invites Bids to Raise Rs 20 000 Crore Short-Term LoanSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: State-owned Food Corporation of India (FCI), the nodal agency for procurement and distribution of food grains, plans to raise Rs 20,000 crore short-term loans for working capital and has invited bids from scheduled banks.
In the tender, which was floated on December 3 and closes on December 22, FCI has said it is "considering raising short-term loans from the scheduled banks only for 120 days tenure".
The fund would be utilised to meet its short-term fund requirement for procurement and distribution of food grains, the tender document noted.
This is the third time in this fiscal year that FCI is floating a tender to raise short-term loans. It had raised Rs 20,000 crore each in two tranches and the amount was repaid after receiving food subsidy payment from the government.
FCI regularly raises bank loans to fund procurement and distribution operations, because of a delay in payment of subsidy as well as huge food subsidy arrears.
FCI currently has a food subsidy arrears of around Rs 56,000 crore. Of which, about Rs 50,000 crore is carry-forward from last fiscal year, sources said, adding that the corporation is left with no other option but to raise funds.
In the earlier two tranches, FCI raised funds from banks at interest rates in the range of 9.95-10.25 per cent.
According to tender, the minimum bid has been fixed at Rs 250 crore.
"Rate of interest quoted is to be linked with the base rate of the bank quoting the plus/minus to the base rate to arrive at the effective rate at which the offer for short-term loan can be extended to FCI," says the tender.
Banks can bid for different tenures but the final call will be taken by the corporation.
"Neither the government of India guarantees nor any other security is available for this short-term loan and this would be an unsecured one," the tender said.
On Saturday, the Centre said it has released Rs 93,894 crore so far this fiscal year by way of food subsidy out of annual allocation of Rs 1,10,500 crore.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 19:59 (IST)

Oil Ministry May Dip Into Reliance Industries Gas Price Hike Revenue AccountYou are here: Home Corporates
Oil Ministry May Dip Into Reliance Industries Incremental Gas Price Hike Revenue Account
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 07, 2014 19:51 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: The government may dip into Reliance Industries Ltd's incremental gas price hike revenue, accruing in a pool account, to recover its dues in the wake of the contractor failing to meet certain KG-D6 output targets.
While announcing a 33 per cent hike in natural gas price to $5.61, the government had on October 17 said that RIL will continue to get the old rate of $4.2 for the main D1&D3 gas field in KG-D6 block. The incremental $1.41 per unit will go into a gas pool account, managed by GAIL India, till the dispute over fall in output is settled.
In its gas price hike proposal, the Oil Ministry, however, also proposed to the Cabinet to use the revenue accruing into this account to recoup $195.341 million of additional 'profit petroleum', informed sources said.
The ministry says this is the additional profit petroleum that the contractor is liable to pay to government, after $2.376 billion out of $10.441 billion cost incurred on KG-D6 fields was disallowed because of output from D1 and D3 fields not meeting the targets in past four years.
RIL and its partners disputed the cost disallowance, saying the output falling to less than a tenth of planned 80 million standard cubic meters per day was because of geological complexities and the signed contract does not provide for such cost disallowance.
An arbitration was subsequently initiated in the matter.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan told Parliament in July that his ministry has instructed GAIL and Chennai Petroleum Corp Ltd (CPCL) to deduct the profit petroleum due to government from the money they pay to RIL for buying gas and crude oil from KG-D6 block respectively.
They, however, expressed inability to do so because GAIL had not been buying gas since June 2013 and CPCL lost on a tender to buy oil in April this year, sources said.
Mr Pradhan last week told Rajya Sabha that the possible alternatives for effecting the recovery of additional profit petroleum from the contractor were being worked out.
The ministry now plans to recover the dues from the gas pool account, sources said.
The gas pool account, where about $4 million accrues every fortnight, started functioning last month when first bill at revised gas price was raised.
Sources said the ministry may wait for the account to swell to at least $20-25 million before dipping into it.
No operational details of the gas pool account have so far been announced.
RIL and its partners - UK-based BP plc and Canada's Niko Resources - want the money accruing to them in the account to be paid with market interest rate if and when they win the arbitration.
However, with the accruals being used to settle profit dues, it remains to be seen if the government will dip into its budget to pay for the due sum along with interest, they said.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 18:16 (IST)

ONGC to Spend Rs 16 200 Crore to Drill 45 Wells in KG-BasinSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Hyderabad: State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) is set to develop 45 drilling wells at a block in Krishna-Godavari basin at an estimated cost of over Rs 16,000 crore.
The oil and gas major has approached the Ministry of Environment and Forests seeking clearance for preparing terms of References, according to the minutes of a meeting of the Expert Appraisal Committee.
"It is proposed to carry out development drilling in Northern Discovery Region by drilling 45 numbers of wells including oil, gas and water injection wells. The proposed drilling locations are more than 25 kms distance i.e. 12 nautical miles away from the coast line. Total cost of the project is Rs 16,200 crore," according to the minutes.
ONGC will begin production in 2019, with a peak output of 4.5 million tonnes a year, 20 per cent more than the previous estimates. The oil discovery in Krishna Godavari basin block KG-DWN-98/2 or KG-D5 will be the first large oil production from the east coast.
The block also has 10 gas discoveries, ONGC had earlier said. KG-D 5 sits next to Reliance Industries' producing KG-DWN-98/3 or KG-D6 area.
KG-D5 is divided into a Northern Discovery Area (NDA) and Southern Discovery Area (SDA).
Investment in NDA may be at least $9 billion, a senior company official had said, adding that it holds an estimated 92.30 million tonnes of oil reserves and 97.568 billion cubic metres of in place gas reserves spread over seven fields.
ONGC bought 90 per cent interest in Block KG-DWN-98/2 from Cairn Energy India Ltd in 2005. Cairn subsequently relinquished its remaining 10 per cent interest in favour of ONGC.
According to the minutes, "Produced hydrocarbons shall be evacuated by utilisation of GSPC infrastructure for the produced gas from cluster-1 of NDA & G-4 of PML. The produced gas from Cluster-II is planned to be transported by sub-sea pipeline to an onshore terminal through landfall point to nearest coastline of Odalarevu."
"The produced oil from clustered-II is planned to be transported to an FPSO (Floating Production, Storage and Offloading) and after processing to be sent to Refineries by tankers."
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 19:01 (IST)

Restructuring of Planning Commission aimed at benefitting vested interests  says CongressDec 07, 2014 at 10:40pm IST
Restructuring of Planning Commission aimed at benefitting vested interests, says Congress
22
0
New Delhi: Congress on Sunday launched a scathing attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi alleging that the government's plans of a "political burial" of the Planning Commission were being carried out in a "devious" manner characterised by "subterfuge and doublespeak".
The party said the steps to dismantle the plan panel was "unwarranted, shortsighted and dangerous" even as it cautioned the government against "diluting" the Commission's functions.
"Congress party opposes and condemns the efforts being made by the BJP government in a devious manner characterised by typical subterfuge and doublespeak to dismantle the Planning Commission," AICC Communication Department Chairman Ajay Maken said in a statement.
"Congress party opposes and condemns the efforts being made by the BJP government in a devious manner characterised by typical subterfuge and doublespeak to dismantle the Planning Commission," AICC Communication Department Chairman Ajay Maken said.
#planning commission #congress #bjp #narendra modi
Terming the move "short-sighted and dangerous", he said that it will have long-term impact on Centre-state relations. "Any move to rename or restructure is unwarranted in the national interest and must be opposed... It (Congress) cautions the government against diluting the Commission's functions that ensure that socio-economic justice and robust federalism, in the name of reforms aimed at benefiting vested interests and corrupt practices in project implementation," he said.
Senior party leader Anand Sharma said the move has "undermined the federal structure" of the country. "There may have been shortcomings in the Planning Commission but it also has inherent strains. What the Planning Commission needs is reorientation and not renaming or a political burial," Sharma said.
The former Commerce Minister also reacted sharply to Finance Minister Arun Jaitely's defence of the government's decision to restructure the plan panel and attacked Modi alleging that the decision reconfirms that he a "master of re-packaging and renaming".
"Instead of apologising for the undemocratic and the arbitrary action of the Prime Minister in not consulting the states, or the Chief Ministers, it is astonishing that the Finance Minister is claiming that something great is being achieved.
"It is not constructive federalism but insulting the federal spirit of the Constitution. It reconfirms that the Prime Minister not only lacks vision but it is a master of repackaging and renaming," Sharma said.
Maken alleged that the sudden and unilateral announcement made by Modi during his Independence Day speech to disband the Planning Commission took the nation by surprise. "The resulting uncertainty in the country has created an untenable situation that has raised fundamental questions on the BJP government's intent and the future of the planned development.
"Today, this announcement was followed by a meeting with Chief Ministers without having had any debates/deliberations at any forum whatsoever. The aim clearly is to roughshod and hoodwink for political one-upmanship," he alleged.
The strong reaction of the party has come in the backdrop of Congress attacking Modi and his party BJP on previous occasions for trying to belittle the legacy of India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru. The move to dismantle the Planning Commission is apparently being seen by the party as an attempt by the NDA to finish off Nehruvian institutions.
2

Mamata hits back at Sushma over  Gita  remarkNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Reacting to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj’s remark that only a formality remained before declaring Bhagwad Gita as the national scripture, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today said the Constitution was the “Holy Book” in a democracy.
“Our Constitution says India is a secular country. The Constitution is the Holy Book in a democracy,” Banerjee told PTI here reacting to Swaraj’s remark that Bhagwad Gita would be declared as “Rashtriya Granth” (national scripture).
“We respect all holy books equally. They are all our pride,” Banerjee, the Trinamool Congress chief, said.
“Quran, Puran, Ved, Vedanta, Bible, Tripitak, Zend-Avesta, Guru Granth Sahib, Gita – we respect all,” she said.
Pressing for the Centre to declare Bhagwad Gita as a “Rashtriya Granth”, Swaraj said only a formality remained to be completed in this regard.
Swaraj was speaking at “Gita Prerna Mahotsav”, organised “to celebrate 5,151 years of religious book Gita” at the Red Fort Maidan in Delhi where VHP President Ashok Singhal said Prime Minister Narendra Modi should immediately declare the sacred text of Hindus as a national scripture.
TAGS: Mamata Banerjee Sushma Swaraj
More from miscellaneous

Modi  Putin to hold talks on setting up 2 new Kudankulam plant unitsBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
On December 11, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian president Vladimir Putin will hold substantive discussions on setting up Kudankulam nuclear plant’s Units 3 and 4, whose cost has more than doubled to $6 billion compared to units 1 and 2.
An Indo-Russian joint venture, Kudankulam’s Units 1 and 2 of 1,000 MW each are being built by ROSATOM, a  Russian nuclear conglomerate. Plans to set up two similar units at the site have been been firmed up, and they will involve funding by Russia. However, commissioning them seems like a long way off.
Sergey Kirienko, head of Rosatom, told FE, “In 2015, the company’s investment programme may exceed 320 billion rubles.” Rosatom’s investment programme allocated over 300 billion roubles to capital construction, more than 320 billion roubles the following year.
Last month, both countries discussed prospects for joint projects in the sphere of nuclear generation. The meeting, held in Mumbai, was attended by: Kirienko; Nikolai Spassky, deputy CEO of Rosatom; Ratan Kumar Sinha, secretary, Department of Atomic Energy of India; and other officials at the department. The items of the agenda were commissioning of Kudankulam’s reactors 1 and 2 and construction of the second phase of the enterprise, units 3 and 4.
Said Kiriyenko, “The experience accumulated by our companies during the construction of the first two units allows them to work very quickly over the following units. Kudankulam is a symbol of a truly long and lasting friendship between India and Russia, and I am sure it will remain so for years to come.”
The Kudankulam plant, constructed using Russian technology, is the most advanced project in the world. Its first unit has reached a minimum controllable level of capacity while the second is being prepared for a physical start-up.   Besides, as the power plant will use desalinated water operations will not have an adverse impact on agriculture in the region. During construction, the nature of the tropical oceanic area was also considered.
As of today, four pressurised water reactors of VVER-1000 type (PWR) with a capacity of 1,000 MW each are to be constructed at the Kudankulam NPP.  This project is to meet the current and future needs of the rapidly developing industry in energy-intensive areas in South India, where energy shortage currently totals 4,000 MW.
One of the key features of the project is that, in addition to traditional active safety systems, a number of “passive” technical solutions have been implemented. A reactor unit at Kudankulam is protected against impact from inside and outside (both of nature and industry), such as earthquake, tornado, hurricane, blast wave and plane crash. One of the distinguishing features of the project is that the power units are well equipped with diagnostic systems enabling maintenance and operating personnel to respond to signs of equipment failure, rather than to failure itself, in advance.
TAGS: Kudankulam Nuclear Plant Narendra Modi Vladimir Putin
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Rapid growth shows chinks in e-commerce universeRapid growth shows chinks in e-commerce universe
Digbijay Mishra | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 12:44 AM IST
Shubhankar Adhikari, a Delhi-based professional, recently ordered a washing machine from a leading online portal. When he got the couriered product, it was without a wheel.
On complaining, the company asked for repeated evidence on how the product was defective, making it much more than an unpleasant experience for the buyer.
Adhikari is not alone. A soap bar got delivered instead of a mobile phone to a buyer, defective Diwali lights were couriered to another and fake items were dispatched in yet another case. A number of such incidents are rapidly showing up the other side of e-commerce shopping.
So, while Indian e-commerce is on the rise, so are consumer complaints. There is the option of dragging the sellers and online companies hosting them on their sites to a consumer court. However, the long list of pending cases - 350,000 - might stop them from taking legal action for the average Rs 1,000-2,000 shopping size.
Also, say experts, the present status of the sector is still sweet enough for consumers, despite the rise in complaints. "The market is being built and many services are on the anvil for free. These services will slowly be diluted and vanish once the sector grows bigger. The sector is also on a learning curve and the scale of Indian consumers is catching them in wrong positions at times," said Mohit Bahl of KPMG India.
The scale of the Indian market is putting all the entities, large or smaller, under pressure to meet demand. Experts believe these issues are going to stay for some time.
Flipkart's recent 'Big Billion Day sale' created new milestones for the Bengaluru-based company, clocking $100 million in gross merchandise value over 10 hours. Yet, it also drew consumer flak for not offering what was advertised and for delays in delivery. Amazon and Snapdeal also had to deal with consumer grievances during their mega discount festivals. Consumers of some of these sites are still waiting for the products they ordered during Diwali sales.
From Wednesday, internet giant Google is slated to start a three-day sale festival. Some of the major online retailers are taking part. Google's database is likely to help the participating companies attract a larger number of consumers. Can online retailers, three to four per cent of the total Indian retail pie of $600 billion, do it better this time?

Cheaper electricity: Modi government may revise power contracts to cut tariffsGovernment may revise deal between generation and distribution firms to cut electricity tariffs
By Sarita Singh , ET Bureau | 8 Dec, 2014, 06.50AM IST
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Centre is likely to revise power contracts between generation and distribution firms to lower electricity tariffs from plants that will run on coal from captive blocks. The coal ministry is meanwhile expected to approach the Union Cabinet this week for finalising the methodology for fixing the minimum floor and reserve prices for coal blocks, a senior government official said.
The government is likely to empower the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission , to open the legally binding power purchase agreements (PPAs) to revise the fuel cost when a firm gets a coal block under the new method of allotment, the official said. However, the government is not likely to allow any hike in the tariffs quoted in the contracts.
"The government is exploring ways to pass on benefits of low coal cost to consumers. The government can revise the tariffs downwards under the change of law provision in the PPAs," the official said. Private power firms said the cut in tariffs will have to be carefully examined and its feasibility will vary case by case. After the allocation of coal blocks, the government is likely to review power contracts signed on the basis of tariff-based competitive bidding.
Coal Min Valuing Blocks
The government will ensure there is no escalation in power tariffs agreed to in the earlier contracts, including those that allow fuel cost pass-through, the official said. The government is also likely to fix a minimum floor price of Rs 100 per tonne for every coal block to be auctioned to steel, cement and captive power plants, while there will be an equivalent flat price for all blocks awarded to power and government companies.
Coal miners are also likely to be allowed to sell a fifth of electricity from attached plants in the open market, the government official said. However, power companies will have to pay a minimum of Rs 150 per tonne of coal used in generating the electricity for open market. The coal ministry is valuing each block to be auctioned to steel and cement sectors.
The value will be spread over the expected lifetime of the mine to derive it in terms of rupees per tonne. The ministry is likely to fix 10% of that value as the minimum floor price for auction to cement and steel companies. "The floor price for any block cannot be less than Rs 100 per tonne, while power and public sector enterprises are expected to be asked to pay a flat Rs 100 per tonne as reserve price.
Floor and reserve prices can escalate each year as per a pre-determined inflationlinked formula," the official said. The government is likely to use the reverse auction method to award captive coal blocks to private power producers in cases where tariffs cannot be changed. These companies include those that have power purchase agreements with utilities and entities that set up power plants through tariff-based bidding. In reverse auctions, the authority sets a ceiling price and bidders have to bid lower than that.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Japans recession deeper than thoughtAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Demand for Bhagwat Gita to be made national scripture a deliberate provocation by BJP  says CongressDec 08, 2014 at  08:08am IST
Demand for Bhagwat Gita to be made national scripture a deliberate provocation by BJP, says Congress
43
0
New Delhi: External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has come under fire from opposition parties for saying that she has tabled a proposal in Parliament to declare Bhagwad Gita as India's national scripture.
Swaraj was speaking at 'Gita Prerna Mahotsav', organised "to celebrate 5,151 years of religious book Gita" at the Red Fort Maidan in the national where Vishwa Hindu Parishad President Ashok Singhal said Prime Minister Narendra Modi should immediately declare the sacred text of Hindus as a national scripture.
The Bharatiya Janata Party Minister said she was able to face the challenges as External Affairs Minister only beacuse of the teachings of Bhagwad Gita.
#sushma swaraj #bhagwad gita #bjp #national book
"Bhagwad Gita has answers to everybody's problems and that's why I said it while standing in Parliament that, 'Shrimad Bhagwad Gita' should be declared as the national holy book," she said.
The opposition parties hit out at Swaraj for her remarks. The Congress called Swaraj's statement as a diversionary tactics to deflect attention from Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti.
Congress leader Manish Tewari said, "Sushma Swaraj has made a non-secular statement in a secular nation. Her statement is frivolous. This is a deliberate provocation by the ruling BJP government and also an attempt to take the heat away from Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti."
The Trinamool Congress said, "Our Constitution says India is a secular country. The Constitution is the Holy Book in a democracy. We respect all Holy Books. Quran, Puran, Ved, Vedanta, Bible, Tripitak, Zend Avesta, Guru Granth Sahib, Gita - All are our pride."
Swaraj also said that the respect of a "national scripture" was accorded to Gita when Prime Minister Modi gifted it to US President Barack Obama during his visit to the country in September this year.
Referring to cases where people consume chocolates and pop pills to fight depression, she said, "Eating chocolates or popping pills won't reduce depression. Instead, one must read Gita. This will help relieve the stress and depression in life. It will help in dealing with challenges of life."
Senior Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh leader Indresh Kumar said the UN should also declare Gita Divas as it is announcing June 21 as Yoga Day.
(With additional information from PTI)
50

Delhi gangrape: What happened on December 16  2012 and how the case progressed3
3
New Delhi: Two years ago on the night of December 16, 2012 the brutal gangrape of a paramedical student by six men on a moving bus in the national capital shook the nation for the sheer brutality and torture inflicted on the hapless girl.
The girl and her male friend fought bravely but she suffered fatal injuries and was admitted to Delhi's Safdarjung hospital. Despite the best efforts by the doctors, her condition kept on deteriorating and she had to moved to a Singapore hospital even as thousands of youngsters protested on the streets of Delhi demanding justice for her. She finally succumbed to her injuries on December 29, 2012.
Seeing the massive anger against the heinous crime, the government was forced to set up a three-member committee to suggest changes in the anti-rape laws.
One of the perpetrators of the crime was a juvenile who was sent to a juvenile home for just 3 years while another accused died mysteriously in the jail during the trial.
#delhi gangrape #december 16 gangrape #safdarjung hospital #supreme court
One of the perpetrators of the crime was a juvenile who was sent to a juvenile home for just 3 years while another accused died mysteriously in the jail during the trial.
But even after two years of the horrific crime that shook the entire nation, justice is yet to be fully delivered to the girl's family.
Here is the timeline of the case:
December 16, 2012: The young paramedic student is raped and beaten up by six men in a moving private bus and thrown out of it after 30 minutes of torture along with her male friend. They are admitted to Delhi's Safdarjung Hospital the same night.
The Victim and her male friend were returning to Dwarka after watching a movie at Select Citywalk mall in Saket, Delhi, and were lured by the six accused. After the duo entered the bus, the accused began to harass the women which led to an altercation. The accused beat the 28-year-old male friend and then took turns to rape the woman.
December 17, 2012: Police identify four men who raped and assaulted the girl. Victim's full extent of internal injuries determined by doctors.
December 18, 2012: Nation outraged by the brutal gangrape while the incident shakes up Parliament with Leader of the Opposition Sushma Swaraj demanding death penalty for rapists. Protests carried out by people on the Ring Road near the Munirka signal against the gangrape.
A total of four accused arrested, including bus driver and main accused Ram Singh, search on for two others.  Ram Singh's brother Mukesh, Vinay Sharma and Pawan Gupta were other accused in the case.
December 19, 2012: Doctors at Safdarjung Hospital treating the victim announce she is communicating through writing messages but still not out of danger. Permit of the bus, in which the incident happened, cancelled by the Transport Department.
December 20, 2012: Students from Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi University and Jamia Milia demonstrated outside former Delhi chief minister Shiela Dikshit's residence against the government's failure to curb the rising number of such crimes against women.
The eyewitness and male friend of the victim gives statement.
December 21, 2012: Safdarjung doctors say the victim is stable, but still critical. She is taken off the ventilator. Her male friend identifies one of the accused, Mukesh, during the test identification prade at Tihar jail. Police conducts raids in Haryana and Bihar, nab one more accused Akshay Thakur.
December 22, 2012: Protests against the gangrape pick up with nation wide outrage on the incident. Thousands gather at India Gate, as victim remains critical. Victim gives statement to the sub-divisional magistrate.
December 23, 2012: Protests against the Delhi gangrape turn violent. Protesters defy prohibitory orders of the government, face police's water cannons and tear gas shells. Constable Subhash Tomar of Delhi Police seriously injured during clashes at India Gate.
The victim's heath remains serious with bouts of vomitting, although she was communicating and conscious. She also suffered internal bleeding.
On December 23, 2012 a three member Committee headed by Justice J.S. Verma, former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, was constituted to recommend amendments to the Criminal Law so as to provide for quicker trial and enhanced punishment for criminals accused of committing sexual assault against women.  The other members on the Committee were Justice Leila Seth, former judge of the High Court and Gopal Subramanium, former Solicitor General of India.
December 24, 2012: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh makes statement regarding the gangrape and the following protests. Appeals for calm and assures stringent measures for women in the country.
Two gangrape accused brought before a Delhi court say they committed a horrible crime and "deserved to be hanged".
December 25, 2012: Doctors treating the victim say she is responding to the treatment despite being critical. Platelet count and liver function of the gangrape victim improves. She gives her statement again to metropolitan magistrate after former CM Dikshit complains to Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde that senior police officials "interfered" in the process. However, the victim's health deteriorates the same night.
Constable Subhash Tomar succumbs to injuries sustained during December 23 protests at India Gate.
December 26, 2012: Protests against the gangrape continue at Jantar Mantar. Constable Tomar cremated with full state honours. Victim shifted to Singapore's Mount Elizabeth Hospital in a sudden move after her condition deteriorates and she suffers cardiac arrest.
December 27, 2012: The victim remains critical in the ICU of Mount Elizabeth Hospital. 3,000 security personnel, from Delhi Police and para-military forces, man Delhi roads to stop any violent demonstration.
December 28, 2012: Congress party chief Sonia Gandhi demands speedy justice in the case. Doctors at Mount Elizabeth say the victim's condition worsened with signs of multiple organ failure. She gets infection in the lungs and abdomen as well as an injury to the brain.
December 29, 2012: The victim succumbs to massive internal injuries after battling with them for over 12 days. She died at 2:15 AM Indian Standard Time on December 29.
December 30, 2013: The victim's body arrives in New Delhi. Protesters rally peacefully in the capital and other cities to keep the pressure on the government to get tougher on crimes against women.
January 2, 2013: The then Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir inaugurates fast track court (FTC) for speedy trial in sexual offence cases.
January 3, 2013: The father of the victim demands that those responsible be hanged and calls for new legislation on sex crimes to be named in honour of his daughter. Five men are formally charged and a sixth accused was due to be tried separately in a juvenile court.
January 5, 2013: The five accused brought under "suicide watch" after they stop interacting with other jail inmates and amongst themselves.
January 7, 2013: Court orders in-camera proceedings.
January 17, 2013: Fast track court starts proceedings against five adult accused.
January 23, 2013: A panel headed by late Justice JS Verma rejects the idea of the death penalty for rape cases, and says India needs to implement existing laws to prevent rape.
January 28, 2013: Sixth accused is a minor, rules Juvenile Justice Board.
February 2, 2013: Five accused charged with 13 offences including murder.
February 28, 2013: Juvenile Justice Board (JJB) frames rape, murder charges against minor accused.
March 11, 2013: Main accused Ram Singh commits suicide in his cell in Tihar jail number 3.
March 21, 2013: India approves a tougher new anti-rape law to punish sex crimes, including death for repeat rape offenders.
March 22, 2013: Delhi High Court allows national media to report trial court's proceedings.
July 5, 2013: Inquiry (trial) in JJB against juvenile in gangrape-cum-murder case and robbery matter concludes. JJB reserves verdict for July 11.
July 8, 2013: Fast track court completes recording of testimonies of prosecution witnesses.
July 11, 2013: JJB holds minor guilty of illegally confining and robbing a carpenter on December 16 night before allegedly taking part in the gangrape.
Delhi High Court allows three international news agencies to cover the trial of the case.
August 22, 2013: Fast track court begins hearing final arguments in trial against four adult accused.
August 31, 2013: JJB convicts the minor for gangrape and murder and awards three years term at a probation home.
September 3, 2013: Fast track court concludes trial. Reserves verdict.
September 10, 2013: Court convicts Mukesh, Vinay, Akshay, Pawan of 13 offences including gangrape, unnatural offence and murder of the girl and attempt to murder her male friend.
September 11, 2013: Court fixes September 13 for pronouncing sentence after hearing arguments on quantum of punishment to be awarded.
September 13, 2013: Court awards death to all four convicts. Trial court refers the case to the Delhi High Court for confirmation of their death sentence.
November 1, 2013: The Delhi High Court starts hearing the case on a daily basis.
January 3, 2014: The Delhi High Court reserves its verdict on confirming the death sentence and appeals of the four convicts.
February 4, 2014: The Delhi High Court slammed the Delhi government over the December 16 gangrape case, calling it lethargic and negligent.
March 13, 2014: The Delhi High Court upholds the death sentences awarded to the four convicts.
June 2, 2014: Two death row convicts moved the Supreme Court against the Delhi Helhi Court verdict in the case.
July 14, 2014: The Supreme Court stayed till further orders the execution of death penalty of two of the four convicts. It stayed the execution of Vinay Sharma (21) and Akshay Thakur (29), who were convicted along with other two - Mukesh (27) and Pawan Gupta (20) - whose death sentence was already stayed.
2

Delhi Police arrests rape accused Uber cab driver after 25-minute chase  to be produced in court today10
0
New Delhi: Two days after an Uber cab driver allegedly raped a young finance executive in Delhi, he was arrested from Mathura and will be produced in a Delhi court on Monday. The Delhi Police used 12 teams who were dispatched to Mathura to nab the 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav who was located after a 25-minute chase by tracing his cell number.
"We have arrested the accused in the cab case from Mathura and he has been brought to Delhi," DCP North Madhur Verma said.
The incident took place on Friday night when the woman hired the cab and fell asleep in the vehicle. Later, the driver allegedly took her to a desolate spot and raped her.
#uber #mathura #delhi police #delhi rape
Though with the arrest of the accused in this case, one part of the investigation is over, the Delhi Police is now looking at the role of the Uber cab service provider which has been sent a notice under section 161 of Indian Penal Code to join the investigation.
According to sources in Delhi Police, there are several lapses on Uber's part which probably led to this heinous crime being committed. Every commercial driver needs to have a commercial badge. However, sources say that Yadav did not have the badge.
Uber had not even conducted a background check and verification of the accused driver before recruiting him. It is the responsibility of the cab service provider to get the identity verified through police. The address given by Yadav was not where he used to stay. Even the phone number that he was using was not registered on his name.
There were three drivers who drove the Swift Dzire in which the crime took place. At any given point, Uber didn't know which of the three was driving as there was only one phone with the Uber app. In fact, after the incident, the police had to download the Uber app and order a cab to reach its 3-room office in Gurgaon.
Meanwhile, denying any laxity in services, Uber vowed to fully cooperate with the police in the investigation. "Our team immediately provided the local authorities with all relevant details. Uber exclusively partners with registered for-hire drivers who have undergone the commercial licensing process, hold government issued IDs, state-issued permits, and carry full commercial insurance. Uber also has a GPS trace and record of all trips that occur on the platform. This information has been shared with the authorities. We will continue to cooperate fully with law enforcement officials," Uber said in a statement.
After the December 16, 2012 horrific gangrape, several checks and systems were introduced to ensure women's safety. However, the recent incident shows the need for more institutional changes for radio cab services to make the streets of Delhi truly safe for women.
197

MFS Investment ManagementNSE FinWiz visits Manipal Hospitals in Bengaluru
Dec 16, 2014 at 21:18 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch Deepak Chhabria, CEO and Director at Axiom Financial Services and Feroze Azeez, Director, Investment Products-Private Wealth Management at Anand Rathi Financial Services give investment tips to the employees of Manipal Hospitals, Bengaluru on NSE FinWiz.
Check out: What to buy in plunging market
Dec 16, 2014 at 16:03 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch the interview of Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory, LKP Securities who shared his readings and outlook on specific stocks and sector & Feroze Azeez, Director-Investment Products (Private Wealth Management) at Anand Rathi Financial Services Ltd answered few personal finance queries.
Will stay invested in India despite fall: Soc Generale
Dec 16, 2014 at 13:53 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Benoit Anne, managing director, Head of EM Strategy, Societe Generale says the market is trading in extremely tough global backdrop.
How to identify a reliable financial advisor?
Dec 16, 2014 at 13:19 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Be careful of advisors, who primarily sell investment products like stocks, bonds, or MFs. Investment planning function should be separated from the product sales function
3 steps to control risk in your investment portfolio
Dec 16, 2014 at 13:18 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Before making any investment, it is common for us to explore the benefits it offers. However, it is all the more important to be aware of the risks involved in the investment
Need urgent policy action to boost growth: Kotak Mah Bank
Dec 15, 2014 at 10:46 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nitin Jain, principle investment manager, Kotak Mahindra Bank says he will buy paint stocks given the fall in oil prices as well as consumer durables.
Stocks in news: ONGC, SBI, JSPL, Sintex, BPCL, Reliance Cap
Dec 11, 2014 at 08:25 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Jindal Steel and Power | ONGC | IL&FS Investment Managers | SBI | Punjab National Bank | Bank of Baroda | Sintex Industries | BPCL | HPCL | IOC | IDFC | Axis Bank | Reliance Capital | Max India | MTNL | SpiceJet and DLF are stocks, which are in the news today.
Lifeline Drugs & Pharma: Outcome of board meeting
Dec 10, 2014 at 21:20 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lifeline Drugs & Pharma at its meeting held on December 10, 2014, has considered and approved the application for Import- Export License.  Resignation of Mr. Alok Kumar Behera from the post of Managing Director with immediate effect.
NSE FinWiz goes to Taj Palace
Dec 10, 2014 at 18:50 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch Harshvardhan Roongta of Roongta Securities and Gajendra Kothari of Etica Wealth Management give investment tips to the employees of Taj Palace, New Delhi on NSE FinWiz.
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Bajaj Finance top picks: Sachin Shah
Dec 10, 2014 at 13:29 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sachin Shah, Fund Manager at Emkay Investment Managers is of the view that ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Bajaj Finance are the top picks.
NSE FinWiz visits Manipal Hospitals in Bengaluru
Dec 16, 2014 at 21:18 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch Deepak Chhabria, CEO and Director at Axiom Financial Services and Feroze Azeez, Director, Investment Products-Private Wealth Management at Anand Rathi Financial Services give investment tips to the employees of Manipal Hospitals, Bengaluru on NSE FinWiz.
Will stay invested in India despite fall: Soc Generale
Dec 16, 2014 at 13:53 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Benoit Anne, managing director, Head of EM Strategy, Societe Generale says the market is trading in extremely tough global backdrop.
Check out: What to buy in plunging market
Dec 16, 2014 at 16:03 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch the interview of Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory, LKP Securities who shared his readings and outlook on specific stocks and sector & Feroze Azeez, Director-Investment Products (Private Wealth Management) at Anand Rathi Financial Services Ltd answered few personal finance queries.
How to identify a reliable financial advisor?
Dec 16, 2014 at 13:19 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Be careful of advisors, who primarily sell investment products like stocks, bonds, or MFs. Investment planning function should be separated from the product sales function
3 steps to control risk in your investment portfolio
Dec 16, 2014 at 13:18 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Before making any investment, it is common for us to explore the benefits it offers. However, it is all the more important to be aware of the risks involved in the investment
Need urgent policy action to boost growth: Kotak Mah Bank
Dec 15, 2014 at 10:46 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nitin Jain, principle investment manager, Kotak Mahindra Bank says he will buy paint stocks given the fall in oil prices as well as consumer durables.
Dec 12, 2014 at 13:44 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Lalit Nambiar, Fund Manager at UTI Mutual Fund recommends staying invested in IT space.
Lifeline Drugs & Pharma: Outcome of board meeting
Dec 10, 2014 at 21:20 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lifeline Drugs & Pharma at its meeting held on December 10, 2014, has considered and approved the application for Import- Export License.  Resignation of Mr. Alok Kumar Behera from the post of Managing Director with immediate effect.
Stocks in news: ONGC, SBI, JSPL, Sintex, BPCL, Reliance Cap
Dec 11, 2014 at 08:25 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Jindal Steel and Power | ONGC | IL&FS Investment Managers | SBI | Punjab National Bank | Bank of Baroda | Sintex Industries | BPCL | HPCL | IOC | IDFC | Axis Bank | Reliance Capital | Max India | MTNL | SpiceJet and DLF are stocks, which are in the news today.
NSE FinWiz goes to Taj Palace
Dec 10, 2014 at 18:50 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch Harshvardhan Roongta of Roongta Securities and Gajendra Kothari of Etica Wealth Management give investment tips to the employees of Taj Palace, New Delhi on NSE FinWiz.
Videos »

iBall Slide WQ149 review: The keyboard is a good idea  but this tab is far fromperfectWritten by Nandagopal Rajan |
Posted: December 8, 2014 8:37 am
Despite their immense popularity across the globe, the tablet has not really been able to replace the laptop as a primary productivity device. Now, companies like Intel are pushing a new breed of affordable devices called 2-in-1s to become more productive than what a plain tablet would be. This year has seen a string of such devices. We check out the latest, the iBall Slide WQ149.
Specs: 10.1-inch 1280x800p IPS touch display | Intel Atom 1.83 GHz Z3735D processor | 2GB DDR3 RAM | 32GB storage + micro SD Slot up to 64GB | 5.0 MP rear camera + 2.0 MP front camera | 31.8Wh Polymer Battery | 3G data, Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi 802.11 b\g\n | Windows 8.1 Operating System
Price: Rs 21,999
Design: The iBall Slide WQ149 comes in two parts — 1) and unremarkable tablet side and 2) and remarkable keyboard side that clings on to the tablet adding immense value to the final product. I called the tablet side unremarkable because there is nothing here you haven’t seen before. It looks like what a Windows 8 tablet would, expect for a power buttons with a red backlight. You don’t have to open flaps to insert the SIM and SD card and that is useful.
The keyboard side is where iBall has been innovative. The folio which houses the keyboard and back cover of the tablet clings on to the tablet thanks to a magnetic strip. The keys are well laid out and easy to use, and there is a trackpad that helps you work without having to reach out to the touchscreen every now and then. The rear cover can fold itself to offer support to the tablet and make it stand upright in front of the keyboard. That makes it a decent laptop lookalike and the cover also does a good job of protecting the entire contraption. The whole thing is a bit heavy though at 700 grams, almost as much as a netbook.
The HD screen is decent and works well with the Windows 8 tiles which might need to be squeezed in at time.
Performance: If you are looking to get a device that will let you create documents, surf the web and work on multiple apps, then the Intel Atom 1.83 GHz Z3735D processor is really up to the task, so is the rest of the device. However, if you are thinking of playing around with multimedia, then this tablet will break into a cold sweat now and then.
The first thing I did with the tablet was try and respond to a few mails.  I typed for a few seconds and looked up to see that the draft was still blank and hadn’t recorded the two sentences I had typed. I could direct the cursor using the trackpad, but the keystrokes continued…

View: Why Uber must shed its Silicon Valley swagger and get real in India | Driver heldDecember 8, 2014, 12:32 am IST Economic Times in ET Commentary | India , Times View | ET
44
By: Pankaj Mishra
In September last year, I boarded an Uber luxury car in Bengaluru for the first time, and got charmed by almost everything the product offered: right from the beautiful app that helped locate an Uber close by, to a very efficient GPS tracker, the overall cleanliness, and finally the driver.
My chauffeur, Santhosh, explained how Uber trained its drivers to be polite with women passengers and even taught them etiquettes such as walking a woman passenger to the door if it’s late night. Everything looked perfect. The product was all about safety and reliability: two of the most rare features when it comes to commuting, especially for women, in Indian cities.
For city commuters, Uber came as a great promise of affordable luxury and reliability. No more haggling with autorickshaw drivers, getting blackmailed into paying ‘extra money’ beyond what the fare meter clocked. While costlier than an autorickshaw ride, Uber offered Mercedes, BMWs and even Audis at rates that were just 50% more than what the autos costed. Uber also came with a swagger that’s so characteristic of the Silicon Valley start-ups entering newer markets.
But after Friday’s incident involving an Uber driver in Delhi who has been charged with rape by a passenger, the product not just looks flawed, but it also raises concerns about the ‘mad taxi rush’ going on in the country.
Living up to Uber
There is a land grab in the Indian taxi market triggered by Uber’s entry last year. And it’s becoming all about who has got more venture money, can subsidise almost free rides (or the cheapest fares) and offer freebies like nobody else. Many taxi start-ups in India looked up to Uber, got inspired and built their companies. But is Uber living up to its cult image?
The ‘dry response’ from Uber after the Delhi incident said things like suspending accounts of drivers after an incident gets reported. The response also included Uber’s safety mechanisms such as GPS tracking and sharing estimated time of arrival. Unfortunately, all these are not adequate to offer the product Uber stands for. It’s like walking into a shop to buy a merchandise and getting stabbed by a salesperson. Whether that salesperson is a full-time or a part-time employee hardly matters. So, Uber hiring contract drivers and cars from different agencies in India for its services does not lessen the burden of responsibility that lies with the company.
To be sure, the Uber incident underscores growing challenges for other taxi start-ups in India too. This could have been anybody else. There’s not much of background checks that happen while linking drivers to the taxi aggregators. But Uber always stood for something beyond, its promise of safety and reliability being two reasons.
I couldn’t locate Santhosh, the first Uber driver I hired. But two others who I spoke to admitted that Uber has been facing issues of attrition and battling to keep the long-term contracts with travel agencies. There are unanswered questions about how Uber and other taxi operators hire new drivers, the level and intensity of background checks involved. The focus must return to these processes now.
Not new to controversies
Uber is not new to controversies. While the Delhi incident came a day after Uber raised over $1 billion in funding and snagged an eye-popping valuation of $40 billion, a top company executive has been mired in allegations of threatening Sarah Lacy, an influential Silicon Valley blogger, recently.
Investors don’t seem to be giving a damn to any of these. At least their faith in companies with questionable practices and social image does not seem to dent the confidence. For Silicon Valley’s hottest companies including Facebook, Twitter and taxishare app Uber, making money from a growing base of Indian internet users is considered the Holy Grail. What they need to realise is that India and many other alien markets are different. People crave for quality, but they value safety a lot more given massive under-policed populations and other socioeconomic factors. For many in India, a safe commute matters much more than anything else. If that comes with a beautiful experience, many commuters will pay extra.
It’s also the time for investors who back Uber to answer if the brand promise has failed, and how much they really care about it. The lucrative, under-penetrated markets of India are among the reasons for companies such as Uber to enjoy such high valuation. Even Whatsapp and Quora investors have backed them with high hopes based on emerging market opportunities.
It’s time these companies and investors backing them start looking beyond only monetisation challenges in booming internet economies such as India. Operating here will be the biggest challenge they will ever face.
When companies such as Uber enter complex and geographically vast markets like India, they need to sober down on their Valley swagger and get real.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

ET Wealth | 7 deadly mistakes small investor...Seven deadly mistakes most small investors make
ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
equities
(The biggest investing mistakes…)
The biggest investing mistakes are committed when the markets are at their all-time high. Here are the mistakes small investors often make.
Here are seven deadly mistakes most small investors make:
1. Buy obscure stocks, momentum scrips
Penny stocks have risen 100-200% in the past three months. If a stock is priced low, there must be a good reason for it. Avoid obscure stocks.
2. Dabble in derivatives, exotic products
Derivatives are for hedging and retail investors should stay away. Investment in equity is risky. In futures and options, the risk is higher.
3. Invest more in stocks than they can afford
Margin trading is no less dangerous. Brokers encourage it because the brokerage is their bread and butter. Don't borrow to invest.
4. Take a short-term view of the markets
Analysts have predicted that the Sensex will cross 30,000 before March 2015. It may come true but don't bank on it. Despite the widespread optimism and enthusiasm about equities , there is no guarantee that the market will deliver 10% in four months.
5. Think they are better than mutual funds
Mutual funds have fullfledged research teams. If you have outperformed mutual funds, you are in the wrong profession.
6. Take concentrated exposure to 1-2 scrips
You may not be able to manage a portfolio of 30-35 stocks like a mutual fund , but you should spread your risk across 8-10 stocks.
7. Invest huge sums at one go
Diversification is also needed across time. Adopt a patient strategy of buying on dips. Never think that it is the last chance to buy a stock.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DGCA will not review its curbs imposed on SpiceJetYou are here: Home > Collections > Spicejet
DGCA will not review move to impose curbs on SpiceJet
Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Ashok Gajapati Raju
(Government officials said…)
NEW DELHI: The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) won't review its decision to impose curbs on SpiceJet until the airline can assure the regulator that it has enough cash to run operations.
"SpiceJet is a concern for us since it's consistently reducing flights. We have taken the decision only after SpiceJet could not show any money coming into the airline. They have been telling us that they are getting funds for the last three months but nothing has happened since then," said a senior DGCA official who did not want to be identified.
Government officials said Spice-Jet may decide on funding for the airline at a board meeting scheduled on Monday. SpiceJet confirmed the meeting but did not comment on the funding aspect.
On Friday, the regulator told SpiceJet to limit advance bookings to a month and withdrew 186 flight slots at various airports across the country. The move came after the troubled airline cancelled flights and moved to reduce its fleet by returning planes to leasing companies.
SpiceJet said on Saturday that the advance booking restriction will be counter-productive "and (it) will be discussing the pros and cons of this cooperatively with the DGCA." The regulator believes there can be no relaxation until the airline clears its dues.
"Our primary concerns are safety of operations by SpiceJet and also ensuring that passengers are not troubled. They cannot ensure that a passenger booked on a flight in March will be flown because they do not have enough money.
The airline has dues of over Rs 1,600 crore, contested by Spicejet, which says it is much less, that it owes to various vendors. They need to clear it first and only then can we even carry out any discussions with them on this issue," the DGCA official said.
According to government sources, the airline owes Rs 700 crore to lessors, Rs 550 crore to various vendors, Rs 100 crore to the income tax department and Rs 280 crore to airport operators. Union civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapati Raju supported the regulator's decision, saying the DGCA had not exceeded its brief.
"The action is precautionary because of the bad financial situation of the airline and (the regulator) feels that safety might not receive priority it ought to. We hope that the airline revives as we would like airlines to perform and improve connectivity," Raju said on Saturday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Founders of Infosys Selling Shares Worth $1.1 BillionIndia VIX Jumps Pricing in Global Linkages, Uncertain Rate Cuts
Hong Kong: Some of the founders of Infosys Ltd want to sell shares for $1.1 billion (Rs 6,807 crore) in the Indian IT outsourcing company, a person familiar with the matter said, months after the company picked its first outsider as chief executive officer.
Infosys shares slumped nearly 5 per cent to Rs 1,968 on the National Stock Exchange today. (Read: Infosys Falls 4% as Founders Said to Sell Shares )
Four of the original founders, co-founders and their families are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close, the person said.
Deutsche Bank is the sole book runner of the sale and the books were covered just after the launch, said Thomson Reuters publication IFR. It named the founders as Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, S.D. Shibulal and K. Dinesh.
The person declined to be named as the matter remained confidential and Infosys executives were not immediately available for comment.
Infosys, established by seven engineers in 1981, chose Vishal Sikka as its CEO in June in a bid to overhaul a company that was once the poster child of India's $100-plus billion (Rs 6,18,800 crore) IT services industry but which had in recent years scrambled against rivals for low-margin contracts. Some investor said Infosys failed to move up the value-chain due to its risk averse management team which was largely comprised of the company's founders and co-founders.
Most of these executives have left the company since Mr Sikka took office in August.
The founders and their families held a combined 91.5 million shares, or nearly 8 per cent of Infosys' outstanding shares, according to the company's annual report.
Infosys shares are up 18.8 per cent so far this year, while the benchmark Nifty is up about 35.4 per cent.
($1 = Rs 61.8830)

Delhi Police to produce rape accused cab driver before court todayDelhi Police to produce rape accused cab driver before court today
Musician Danny ODonoghue wants One Direction to stayunitedBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 8, 2014 9:03 am
Irish pop rock band The Script frontman Danny O’Donoghue says he does not want the popular music group One Direction to split.
Danny’s advice comes days after it was reported that one of the members of ‘Steal My Girl’ band, Zayn Malik, was considering to quit the group in pursuit of a relaxed and peaceful lifestyle, reported the Daily Star.
“If I was advising them I would tell them to stick together as long as possible. It should be the band against
the world. You have to stick together, protect each other and look after each other. Maybe they need an extended break but I wouldn’t advise them to split,” he said.

Corporation to set up night sheltersUpdated: December 8, 2014 09:18 IST
Corporation to set up night shelters
S. R . Praveen
Health officials have found that owing to their living conditions, migrant workers are highly vulnerable to infectious diseases such as dengue, malaria, typhoid, cholera, and viral fever.
Facility for migrant workers who live in pitiable conditions
Crammed rooms made of polythene sheets, dingy shacks divided into compartments by asbestos sheets, no lighting facility and running water – these are the conditions in which a majority of the migrant workers in the city spend their nights and the few hours in which they are not doing back-breaking work.
Considering this situation, the Welfare wing of the City Corporation is planning a project to build a few night shelters in the city for migrant workers. This was after the Urban Affairs Department proposed a project for night shelters, to be implemented in five municipal corporations as part of the State Budget of 2014-15.
“In the recent general body meeting for project revisions, the welfare committee put forward a proposal for the night shelter project. As of now, the State government will be contributing Rs.30 lakh to the project. The rest will have to be taken from the Corporation’s fund,” says Welfare Standing Committee chairperson Palayam Rajan.
According to him, one of the major problems for the civic body in implementing the project is to find an ideal spot for building the shelters.
“We have enough space in the coastal wards, but there is not much use in building it there as most of the migrant workers are concentrated within the city in construction sites. The proper location has to be identified first,” he says. Workers can make use of the shelters by paying a nominal rent amount. Each shelter will have a community kitchen and toilet facilities. Another similar upcoming project is from the Kerala State Housing Project, which plans to build small houses for those who work as housemaids in the city.
“There are many beneficiaries who are not able to even pay the initial amount. They can pay it on instalments,” says Mr. Rajan. In recent raids conducted by the Labour departments at various camps for migrant workers attached to construction sites, all of them were found to be maintained under deplorable conditions without adequate toilet facilities.

Top economic news of the day - December 08  2014Top economic news of the day - December 08  2014
Here s how you can gain from equity investmentsHere s how you can gain from equity investments
Infosys shares fall 3%Infosys shares fall on promoters' stake sale report
R Yegya Narayanan
Tweet
Coimbatore, Dec 8:  
Shares of Infosys Ltd were down by nearly 3 per cent following reports that four of its founders are selling a huge volume of shares.
The selling comes after the recent bonus issue of shares in the ratio of 1:1 by the company.
Infosys drops 3%; reports say that promoters of the company have sold about 32.6 million shares in a bulk deal
— Rajalakshmi Nirmal (@crajalakshmic) December 8, 2014
A Reuters report from Hong Kong stated that four of the founders of Infosys Ltd were selling 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 which was at a discount to the closing price of the stock on Friday.
The stock, which hit a 52-week high of Rs 4,401 on December 1 at cum-bonus valuation, was down by Rs 61.25 to Rs 2,008.45 this morning, a loss of 2.96 per cent. The stock is trading ex-bonus.
Promoters' holding at the end of September 2014 quarter was 15.92 per cent. FIIs accounted for the single majority shareholding in Infosys with 42.67 per cent share in the equity. DIIs held 14.48 per cent stake and others, including retail investors, held 26.93 per cent stake in Infosys, according to BSE data.
There was no confirmation of sale by promoters in the equity of Infosys in the data filed with the stock exchanges till now. But as the company has come out with a 1:1 bonus issue only this month, what they may be offloading should be their pre-bonus equity stake in the company. Its impact on their stake in percentage terms is not clear right now.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Stocks to watch: ICICI Bank  Falcon Tyres  SpiceJetStocks to watch: ICICI Bank, Falcon Tyres, SpiceJet
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 8:  
Shares of ICICI Bank will remain in focus, as the board of directors of ICICI Bank on Friday approved a proposal for the sale of ICICI Bank’s shareholding in ICICI Bank Eurasia Limited Liability Company (IBEL) to Sovcombank, an unrelated third party Russian bank.
IBEL is a non-material wholly-owned banking subsidiary of ICICI Bank in Russia.
At September 30, 2014, IBEL had total assets of RUB 4.5 billion (about Rs 525 crore) and paid-up equity capital of RUB 1.6 billion (about Rs 185 crore). IBEL’s profit after tax in the six months ended September 30, 2014 was RUB 28 million (Rs 3.25 crore).
IBEL accounted for less than 0.1% of ICICI Bank’s consolidated total assets at that date and consolidated profit after tax for the period.
The sale is subject to execution of definitive agreements and regulatory approvals. The purchase price will be determined on the transaction completion date based on the financial statements of IBEL at that date. The transaction is expected to conclude by the end of the financial year.
DGCA's report and flight cancellations is likely to impact SpiceJet shares.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Bomb threat delays Jammu-Delhi Rajdhani by over four hoursNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Delhi-bound Rajdhani Express from Jammu was stopped and thoroughly searched by the Army and police yesterday night at Pathankot in Punjab after authorities received an specific alert about the presence of an explosive in the train.
The alert was passed on to Punjab police by their J-K counterpart, following which the search operation was launched, a senior police official said.
Nearly 150 security personnel including three DSP-rank Punjab Police officers, a SP-rank officer, besides Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel thoroughly searched the train at Pathankot Cantt station, about 250 kms from here, Pathankot SSP Rakesh Kaushal said.
Later, the Army’s help was also sought which also joined the search for presence of any explosive, he added.
After being stopped at Pathankot Cantt station at around 9:30 PM, the search by the Army carried well past midnight.
“There was a specific input passed on by the DGP of J&K Police to us after which we acted swiftly and started searching the train thoroughly.
We did not want to take any chances. We also sought the Army’s help,” Kaushal told PTI over phone.
Notably, security forces were on maximum alert in the wake of December 5 terror attacks carried out by the militants in J&K. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is also scheduled to address poll rally in the Valley today.
Pathankot town in Punjab is located along the Punjab-J&K border.
Asked if the input passed on by J&K police mentioned that a bomb could have been placed inside the train, the SSP said, “there was threat input…we swung into action immediately. The passengers may have been inconvenienced, but for us their safety and security was paramount.”
The passengers were asked to disembark from the train, which had left Jammu at around 7:45 PM to reach Pathankot after 9:30 PM, after traveling a distance of about 100 km.
Dog squad, bomb disposal squad and other equipment were used to search the train for presence of any explosive.
TAGS: Jammu And Kashmir Rajdhani Express
More from miscellaneous

Sushma pushes for declaring Gita as scriptureNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Pushing for declaring Bhagwad Gita as a national scripture, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj today said only a formal announcement remained in this regard, sparking a controversy with TMC and and Congress coming out with sharp responses.
Reacting to Swaraj’s remarks, the Trinamool Congress(TMC) said only the Constitution is the “Holy Book” in a democracy while Congress called her statement “frivolous”.
Swaraj made the remarks while speaking at ‘Gita Prerna Mahotsav’, organised to celebrate 5,151 years of religious book Gita at the Red Fort Maidan here where VHP President Ashok Singhal said Prime Minister Narendra Modi should immediately declare the sacred text of Hindus as a national scripture.
Swaraj said that the respect of a “national scripture” was already accorded to Gita when Prime Minister Modi gifted it to US President Barack Obama during his visit to the country in September this year.
“Bhagwad Gita has answers to everybody’s problems and that’s why I said it while standing in the Parliament that, ‘Shrimad Bhagwad Gita’ should be declared as a rashtriya granth(holy scripture).
“The formal announcement for it hasn’t been made since the (NDA) government came to power. But I am happy to say that the Prime Minister has already given it the honour of a national ‘Rashtriya Granth’ when he handed over the ‘Shrimad Bhagwad Gita’ to America’s President Barack Obama. Only a formal announcement now remained,” she said.
The Minister said she was able to face the challenges as External Affairs Minister only because of the teachings of Bhagwad Gita.
“This(Gita) has helped me all through my life. Even now, when I am handling the External Affairs and the challenges related to it,” she said.
Referring to cases where people consume chocolates and pop pills to fight depression, she said, “Eating chocolates or popping pills won’t reduce depression. Instead, one must read Gita. This will help relieve the stress and depression in life. It will help in dealing with challenges of life.”
Reacting to Swaraj’s remarks on declaring Gita as a national scripture, TMC leader and West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said the Constitution was the “Holy Book” in a democracy.
“Our Constitution says India is a secular country. The Constitution is the Holy Book in a democracy,” Banerjee told PTI in Kolkata.
“We respect all holy books equally. They are all our pride,” she said, adding, “Quran, Puran, Ved, Vedanta, Bible, Tripitak, Zend-Avesta, Guru Granth Sahib, Gita – we respect all.”
Congress leader Manish Tewari said the essence of the Gita lies in its substance and not in its symbolism.
“So, if anybody has seriously read and internalised the teachings of the Gita they would not make such a frivolous statement,” he said.
Singhal said there are two ways to declare Gita a national scripture.
“First is to pass a bill and declare it as a national scripture. But if the Prime Minister immediately declares it as a national scripture…Sushma Swaraj is present here today. As a member of the Union Cabinet, I request Swaraj to make Prime Minister Modi declare Gita as the national scripture.”
Senior RSS leader Indresh Kumar said the UN should also declare Gita Divas as it is announcing June 21 as Yoga Day.
TAGS: Sushma Swaraj
More from miscellaneous

IOB: Updates on rating by ICRADec 08, 2014, 09.28 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IOB: Updates on rating by ICRA
Indian Overseas Bank has informed BSE that the Credit Agency, M/s. ICRA Limited, has revised its rating on Bank's Bonds.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IOB: Updates on rating by ICRA
Indian Overseas Bank has informed BSE that the Credit Agency, M/s. ICRA Limited, has revised its rating on Bank's Bonds.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian Overseas Bank has informed BSE that the Credit Agency, M/s. ICRA Limited, has revised its rating on Bank’s Bonds.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

BofA cuts Sesa Sterlite earnings estimate  price targetDec 08, 2014, 02.40 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
BofA cuts Sesa Sterlite earnings estimate, price target
The brokerage has lowered earnings estimates for FY15-FY16 by 10-33 percent, and price target to Rs 268 from Rs 283 earlier
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BofA cuts Sesa Sterlite earnings estimate, price target
The brokerage has lowered earnings estimates for FY15-FY16 by 10-33 percent, and price target to Rs 268 from Rs 283 earlier
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Brokerage house Bank of America Merrill Lynch has cut its earnings estimates for metal and mining major Sesa Sterlite , and also the price target, citing falling crude and iron ore prices.
The brokerage has lowered earnings estimates for FY15-FY16 by 10-33 percent, and price target to Rs 268 from Rs 283 earlier.
“Sesa Sterlite offers leverage to our positive zinc and aluminium view. It should also gain from stronger zinc volume sequentially in second half (vs. first half) and the ramp-up of unproductive power and aluminium assets,” said the BofA note to clients.
“However, the weaker  Cairn earnings outlook and coal cost pressure will dampen group profits, in our view. if oil stays at USD70/bbl, we estimate that there could be a further 11 percent downside to our FY16E EBITDA and 28 percent downside to our FY16e EPS (for Cairn),” the report said.
 

Infosys founders to sell shares worth $1.1B  Deutsche Bank running the bookInfosys founders to sell shares worth $1.1B  Deutsche Bank running the book
Sensex  Nifty Trade Flat; Infosys Falls 4%Sensex  Nifty Trade Flat; Infosys Falls 4%
Spicejet stock slips 8%...board to meet todaySpicejet stock slips 8%...board to meet today
India s Infosys shares fall 3 percent as founders said to sell sharesIndia s Infosys shares fall 3 percent as founders said to sell shares
Japan economy contracted more than thought in July-SeptemberJapan economy contracted more than thought in July-September
Final call on Adani in 3 months: SBIFinal call on Adani in 3 months: SBI
Market will remain flat to negative throughout the day.. try to buy it...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sir  today silver feb price targetCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Markets live: Sensex opens on a flat noteMarkets live: Sensex sheds 116 points on profit-taking; IT, auto stocks skid
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 2:  
3.30 pmIndian equity markets fell for a second consecutive session on Tuesday, as software services exporters declined on rupee's strength and as investors booked profits after the central bank kept interest rates unchanged, although it signalled potential rate cuts by early 2015.
The Sensex fell 115.61 points or 0.4 per cent to 28,444.01 and the Nifty ended down by 31.2 points or 0.36 per cent at 8,524.70.
Rupee up The rupee was trading strong at 61.87
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.48 per cent and 1.05 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.93 per cent and oil & gas 0.66 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.2 per cent and 0.94 per cent, respectively, followed by capital goods 0.73 per cent and FMCG 0.65 per cent..
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (2.51%), Bharti Airtel (1.81%), L&T (1.12%), SSLT (1.1%) and ICICI Bank (0.74%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were GAIL (2.85%), M&M (2.36%), Infosys (2.18%), HDFC (1.51%) and TCS (1.38%).
Is the global economy heading for a slowdown? China’s PMI tumbles, factory output has slowed even in France and Germany in November...
— Rajalakshmi Nirmal (@crajalakshmic) December 2, 2014
3.04 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading lower by nearly 0.3 per cent at the pre-close session amid firm global cues.
The Sensex was trading down by 95.28 points at 28,464.34 and the Nifty was trading lower by 21.95 points at 8,533.95.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.35 per cent and 1.00 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.82 per cent and oil & gas 0.71 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.29 per cent and 0.92 per cent, respectively, followed by capital goods 0.72 per cent and FMCG 0.68 per cent..
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (2.12%), Bharti Airtel (1.87%), SSLT (1.15%), L&T (1.01%) and Sun Pharma (0.8%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were GAIL (3.15%), M&M (2.23%), Infosys (2.11%), Bajaj Auto (1.53%) and HDFC (-1.41%).
The Nifty call Go short with stop-loss at 8,590
European markets European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
Stoxx 50 was up 19.16 points or 0.59 per cent at 3,252.07 and FTSE 100 rose 76.39 points or 1.15 per cent to 6,732.76.
2.15 pmProfit-taking by funds and retail investors led the Sensex and the Nifty trade lower by nearly 0.3 per cent.
The BSE benchmark Sensex was trading at 28,477.96, down 81.66 points and the NSE index Nifty was trading at 8,531.50, down 24.4 points.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.1 per cent and 1.08 per cent, respectively, followed by TECk 0.71 per cent and oil & gas 0.31 per cent.
Metal and healthcare indices were the star-performers and were up 1.29 per cent and 1.24 per cent, respectively.
BSE gainers, losers Hindalco (+2.27%), SSLT (+1.72%), L&T (+1.46%), Bharti Airtel (+1.28%) Sun Pharma (+1.19%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were M&M (-2.32%), Infosys (-1.93%), GAIL (-1.67%), Bajaj Auto (-1.61%) and Tata Motors (-1.05%).
Oil retailers down Stocks of oil retailing companies were down by nearly 3 per cent as the Government has hiked the excise duty on petrol by Rs. 2.25 a litre, and on diesel by Rs. 1 a litre effective tonight.
Excise duty hiked Petrol, diesel excise duty hiked
European stocks rose amid an increase in M&A and as investors weighed stimulus prospects ahead of the European Central Bank meeting this week.
1.42 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading down by nearly 0.5 per cent due to profit-taking in blue-chips amid firm global cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex was trading down by 125.98 points at 28,433.64 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty was trading lower by 38.95 points at 8,516.95.
Sectoral indices IT and auto indices fell the most by 1.13 per cent, followed by TECk 0.7 per cent and consumer durables 0.38 per cent. Metal (+1.15%), healthcare (+0.95%) and capital goods (+0.55%) indices remained investors' favourite.
BSE gainers, losers SSLT (+1.79%), Hindalco (+1.56%), Bharti Airtel (+1.26%), L&T (+1.06%) and Tata Steel (+0.95%) were the major Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were M&M (-2.71%), Infosys (-1.79%), Bajaj Auto (-1.53%), Tata Steel (-1.27%) and HDFC (-1.22%).
12.40 pmThe Nifty and the Sensex were trading down by over 0.4 per cent. The Nifty was trading at 8,522, down 34 points, and the Sensex at 28,443, down 117 points.
Volatility Index, India Vix was at 13.06, down 1.06 per cent.
Sectoral indices such as auto, finance, IT, realty and services were in the red.
Top five gainers on the Nifty were JIndal Steel, NMDC, Cairn India, Sesa Sterlite and PNB.
European indices, FTSE-100, CAC-40 and DAX were in the red.
12.16 pmThe Sensex and the Nifty were trading down by nearly 0.4 per cent on heavy selling in auto, IT and TECk stocks despite firm global cues.
The BSE benchmark Sensex fell 120.76 points to trade at 28,438.86 and the NSE index Nifty moved down by 34.89 points at 8,521.10.
Trading was highly volatile despite RBI announcing that it would cut interest rates early next year.
According to Monetary Policy, Threats to infl. from poor north-east monsoon, removal of base effect and changes in cmdty prices remain.
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 2, 2014
Sectoral indices Auto index fell the most by 1.17 per cent, followed by IT 0.93 per cent and TECk 0.6 per cent, while metal (0.62 per cent), capital goods (0.6 per cent) and healthcare (0.56 per cent) indices remained investors' favourite.

Sensex down 105 pts on profit-selling; logs 1st weekly drop in 7The benchmark Sensex closed nearly 105 points down at 28,458.10 Friday, buckling under fag-end profit booking in IT, oil and gas and healthcare shares, logging its first weekly loss in seven weeks.
 
After opening in the positive zone at 28,604.50, the BSE Sensex surged to the day's high of 28,651.75 on continued overseas inflows and buying by retail investors.
 
Soon after, however, it met with resistance at higher levels and fell back to settle at 28,458.10, a fall of 104.72 points or 0.37%. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 28,409.05.
 
The gauge had rallied 120.11 points in the previous session on supportive domestic and global cues.
 
On a weekly basis, the Sensex fell by about 236 points. This is its first weekly drop in seven weeks.
 
Overall, 22 constituents of 30-share Sensex including Sun Pharma, Infosys, Hindalco, BHEL, ONGC, Hero Moto and SBI fell.
 
On similar lines, the 50-share Nifty index ended 26.10 points, or 0.30%, lower at 8,538.30. Fall in shares of Wipro, Tech Mahindra, Dr Reddys, BPCL, TCS, Sun Pharma, Infosys and Cipla stocks weighed on the NSE barometer.
 
It moved between 8,523.90 and 8,588.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
 
"In absence of any major cues, equity markets traded dull for most part of the session on Friday but profit taking in the last hour pushed indices in red," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
 
Shares of SAIL ended about 3% down after the government's 5% stake sale in steel major, to raise up to Rs. 1,700 crore, began Friday.
 
ITC shares continued their rally, and added another 2.27% on hope that a proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes will be put on hold.
 
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth net Rs. 474 crore Thursday as per provisional data.
 
Global cues were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and European markets also were better in early trades.
 
Sectorally, the BSE IT index suffered the most by falling 1.83%, followed by the Teck index that fell 1.47%, healthcare index 1.40%, Oil & Gas index 0.66% and Power index 0.52%, among others. Bucking the trend, Realty, FMCG, Consumer Durables and Metal indices jumped.

Yahoo Movies Review: Action JacksonCast: Ajay Devgn, Sonakshi Sinha, Kunaal Roy Kapur, Yami Gautam, Manasvi Mamgai
 Director: Prabhu Dheva
 Rating: *
And we are back to the ’80s! Remember the spate of sloppy Bollywood potboilers – revenge sagas with incongruous narratives, vicious villains, vile vamps and cringe-worthy situations? Prabhu Dheva’s ‘Action Jackson’ has all of that.
Prabhu Dheva is a pro at belting out action films with Southern-style flavouring - his signature dance moves, slo-mo action sequences and add to it a quintessential Bollywood hero like Salman Khan or Akshay Kumar and we have the perfect formula for box office success.
However, Ajay Devgn seems completely out of place trying to pull-off Prabhu Dheva’s pelvic thrusts. Every time Ajay takes his hand to the belt to attempt a classic Prabhu step, he looks uncomfortable, as if cringing deep inside and we died a little when a completely superficial song and dance number started playing on screen. Were the songs on autoplay, embedded without thought or concern?
You can diss a Rohit Shetty all you want but he knows his audience and he knows how to sell his wares. In ‘Singham Returns’ - the romance, the songs and the over-the-top treatment worked at many levels. Nothing works in ‘Action Jackson’.
Sample this – a girl has been abducted, is tied to a chair and is being molested. Our hero walks in, wielding a sword. Moments later his shirt drops off and he is exposing his well-chiseled torso as he takes on the goons. What we have playing in the background is a seductive number and our damsel in distress is busy ogling her saviour – she is still tied to the chair mind you. #Justsaying
A quick look at the main characters in this story – a typical Bollywood heroine, who believes that luck has started favouring her since she saw our hero without his pants. Our hero’s friend, who is kicked around because he is stupid and fat and that has got to be funny. Right?
A coke-snorting vamp, who is obsessively in love with our hero, and a nondescript villain, who looks like mad-eye Moody (from ‘Harry Potter’) and supports his sister’s vile fantasies.
Look at the characters and you realize that this film has bizarre written all over it. And to top this delicious mix, we have no script backing all this absurdity.
Why did Ajay Devgn have to stoop to this all-new career low?
And how long is Sonakshi Sinha hoping to piggyback on the success of heroes like Salman Khan, Akshay Kumar and Ajay Devgn? Does she have no aspiration for herself? Except ‘Lootera’ her filmography reeks of unambitious projects. She has comfortably snugged into this behenji mould and doesn’t seem to want to venture out to try anything different. It’s been four years since her debut film ‘Dabangg’ (2010), isn’t it time that she tried to play more than a prop?
After three hours (2 hours 25 minutes to be precise), which felt like eternity, the discombobulating was officially over. I hugged myself and advise that you do the same. What a waste!
 
Did you like the film? Share your views/comments with us on  Facebook  and  Twitter .
You can also connect with me on  Twitter .
 

Rupee bounces back 15 paise against Dollar to end at two-week high of 61.77Comments
After two days of listless trade, the Indian rupee on Friday rebounded 15 paise to close at two-week high of 61.77 against the Greenback following dollar selling by exporters and some banks amid signs of fund inflows.
Dollar selling was so strong that even a weak trend in local equities and a firm dollar overseas could not stem the rupee's rise, forex dealers said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced higher at 61.80 a dollar from previous close of 61.92. It was trapped in a narrow range of 61.75 --almost two-week intra-day low-- and 61.90 before concluding at 61.77, logging a rise of 15 paise or 0.24%.
This was its strongest close since 61.76 on November 21.
In the previous two sessions, the rupee had softened by four paise or 0.06%.
The local currency also took cues from government's 5% stake sale in SAIL, for an estimated Rs. 1,700 crore, generating a robust demand among investors with the offer getting subscribed more than two times on Friday.
The Indian stock benchmark S&P BSE Sensex, however, fell back by 104.72 points, or 0.37%.
FPIs/FIIs had injected USD 103.13 million on Thursday as per Sebi data.
The dollar index, an indicator of other six major global rivals, was up by 0.27%.
In the forward market, premia remained weak on sustained receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in May declined further to 217.5-219.5 paise from 220-222 paise previously.
Forward contracts maturing in November 2015 also dropped to 428-430 paise from 432.5-434.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.8535 and for the Euro at 76.5313.
The rupee recovered slightly against the pound to 96.92 from 97.086 on Thursday, while improved further to 51.26 per 100 Japanese yen from 51.61.
It, however, turned a tad negative to end at 76.27 per euro from Thursday's close of 76.25.

SAIL offer over-subscribed; govt raises Rs 1 715 croreUpdate: SAIL share offer over-subscribed; govt raises Rs 1,715 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 21:24 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Steel Authority of India's (SAIL) share sale was subscribed more than two times, fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore and kicking-off the government's ambitious disinvestment drive.
The first disinvestment offering in the ongoing financial year saw retail investors lapping up SAIL shares taking the overall subscription to 2.08 times (42.93 crore shares) of the 20.65 crore shares on offer.
Government's stake in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent pursuant to this public issue, helping the state-run steel major to meet market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India's (Sebi) listing norms.
The government has set a target to raise Rs 43,425 crore through stake sales in various PSU firms during the 2014-15 fiscal in a bid to plug the fiscal deficit.
The Offer For Sale (OFS) got bids for 42.93 crore aggregating to over Rs 3,400 crore but with the government not opting for the green-shoe option, only Rs 1,715 crore would come to the exchequer.
"OFS for disinvestment of 5 per cent of government equity in SAIL successfully concluded, to fetch Rs 1,715 crore approximately for the government," a Finance Ministry statement said.
The offering for SAIL shares also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them.
2.06 crore shares, or 10 per cent, which were earmarked for retail investors were subscribed 2.66 times, while the general category shares were subscribed 2.01 times, according to data released by the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
"Retail investors category was... Hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS," the finance ministry statement added.
A successful start to the ambitious disinvestment programme will help government contain the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the gross domestic product (GDP) in the current financial year.
The government has lined up a host of state-run firms to pare holdings - including a 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India (CIL) and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
SAIL is probably the first OFS in which domestic bourses are showing retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 a piece , which is 2.75 per cent less than the scrip's closing price on Thursday.

Be careful with those 2015 rate rise betsBe careful with those 2015 rate rise bets
Ralph Atkins in London and Michael MacKenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3824790c-7c75-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

It looks like a duck  but its a secular bearIt looks like a duck, quacks like a duck, but it’s a secular bear
John Authers
The S&P 500 is at an all-time high. If this is not a bull market, what is?
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eb0cd144-7c9e-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gauri Khan  Sonakshi  Richa  Sidharth  Parineeti celebrate Manish Malhotras birthdayentertainment
Gauri Khan, Sonakshi, Richa, Sidharth, Parineeti celebrate Manish Malhotra’s birthday
Designer Manish Malhotra celebrated his birthday on Friday night (December 5) with good friends Gauri Khan, Sonakshi Sinha, Karan Johar, Richa Chadda, Parineeti Chopra, Sidharth Malhotra and Aditi Rao Hydari.
Shah Rukh Khan’s wife Gauri, posed with designer Nandita Mahtani for the cameras. Both ladies were casual in black and white with denims and wedges. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonakshi Sinha celebrated her latest release, ‘Action Jackson’, looking lovely in a short skater dress with matching pumps. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actress Parineeti Chopra was casual in a heart printed top with olive green pants. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sidharth Malhotra gets playful! (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actress Richa Chadda was all dressed up in a black skater dress with peep toes. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Aditi Rao Hydari was pretty in a printed dress with sneakers. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Girls Sophie Choudry, Aditi Rao Hydari and Richa Chadda get together for a picture. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Karan Johar was also present for the celebrations. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Birthday boy Manish Malhotra was all smiles as he posed for the photogs. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
‘Heropanti’ actress Kriti Sanon showed some legs in a black belted number with metallic sandals. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Neha Dhupia beams for the shutterbugs, looking chic in a self-coloured top with skinny pants and heels. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Raveena Tandon decked up in a monochrome number. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Raveena Tandon’s husband Anil Thadani arrives. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Queen of television, Ekta Kapoor stepped out in a shimmery number. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Model and actress Deepti Gujral picked a black blouse with lace sleeves and monochrome pants. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Filmmaker Punti Malhotra gives us a smile. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actress Urmila Matondkar gives us a wave as she arrives in her car. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
‘Happy New Year’ director, Farah Khan was in all black with a pale blue sling bag. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Govt to come out with more steps to rationalise subsidiesGovernment to come out with more steps to rationalise subsidies
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 17:01 IST
Photo: Reuters
Assuring India Inc of NDA's commitment to carry forward economic reforms, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday said the government will come out with more steps to rationalise subsidies.
"I had a series of meeting with the Expenditure Management Commission. They are effectively working on some very valuable suggestions with regard to rationalisation of subsidies. In the next few, even months, may be earlier than that, they will be able to come out with some interim recommendations to us so that we can proceed with rationalisation in that direction", Jaitley said.
Recalling the government's decision to link the diesel prices with market price, the Minister told the India Economic Conclave said that it would help in reducing the subsidy burden of the government.
Besides, the government has recently decided to give direct cash subsidy on pilot basis to LPG customers in select cities.
The Centre had set up a Commission under former RBI Governor Bimal Jalan to suggest steps to rationalise subsidy and help the government in effectively bringing down the fiscal deficit.
The government currently provides various kinds of subsidies which run into lakhs of crores of rupees.
It was pegged at Rs 2.51 lakh crore for 2014-15.
Speaking at the Conclave organised by television channel ET Now, Jaitley expressed confidence that the government would be able to push the Insurance and the GST bills in the current session of Parliament .
On the government's views on a joint session of Parliament to push the bills as it does not have a majority in the Rajya Sabha, he said: "We don't want to use the last resort of a joint session for legislations. But if it becomes inevitable that's a constitutional remedy".

Malaysians too  stupid  to run airline  says former PMMalaysians too 'stupid' to run airline, says former PM Mahathir Mohamad
PTI     Kuala Lumpur   Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 17:43 IST
Photo: Reuters
Malaysians are too stupid to manage aviation, the country's former premier Mahathir Mohamad has reportedly said following news that a German is set to head the country's troubled national carrier from next year.
Government-owned wealth fund Khazanah Nasional Berhad announced Christoph R Mueller as the chief executive officer-designate of a revamped Malaysia Airlines in a bid to turn around the embattled airline.
"Malaysians are stupid. They don't know how to manage aviation", the former prime minister was quoted saying by news portal Malaysiakini, Malay Mail Online said on Saturday.
"And now those responsible for the losses try to make things right", he reportedly added in what appears to be a dig at Khazanah, which holds close to 70 per cent shares in MAS.
The flag carrier marked its seventh quarterly loss in a row recently.
It sank deeper into the red following the mysterious disappearance of flight MH370 on March 8 with 239 passengers on board and the July 17 shooting down of flight MH17 over Ukraine carrying 298 people.
Malaysia Airlines had raked in billions in profits during the 1980s but began to suffer losses a decade later, after then prime minister Mahathir privatised the airline.

OMG: Most DISGUSTING photos of Bigg Boss stars!Photo uploaded by Kanav Mehra
on Oct 27, 2014 , 11:46 pm
35209 Views  |  29  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
International porn star Sunny Leone became a household name when she appeared on controversial reality show Bigg Boss. Though she didn't really sow that kinky side of hers inside the house and stayed very calm.    Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search
International porn star Sunny Leone became a household name when she appeared on controversial reality show Bigg Boss. Though she didn't really sow that kinky side of hers inside the house and stayed very calm.    Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Revealed: Foreplay tips for AMAZING sex!Photo uploaded by Lipla Bhatt
on Mar 13, 2014 , 05:27 pm
23443 Views  |  4  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Master the art of undressing: Going nude with your partner can be fun, agreed, but it can't get better than when you slowly do it. Don't hurry up thing, undress your partner slowly and let the mood built up. The charm lies in reaching out for the climax that lies beneath her clothes.     Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search
Master the art of undressing: Going nude with your partner can be fun, agreed, but it can't get better than when you slowly do it. Don't hurry up thing, undress your partner slowly and let the mood built up. The charm lies in reaching out for the climax that lies beneath her clothes.     Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Explosive truth of Jennifer-Karan s BREAK-UP!Photo uploaded by Richa Sen
on Dec 05, 2014 , 03:17 pm
4829 Views  |  11  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Karan Singh Grover and Jennifer Winget's separation has shocked a lot of their fans as they were considered to be the hottest TV couple. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images
Karan Singh Grover and Jennifer Winget's separation has shocked a lot of their fans as they were considered to be the hottest TV couple. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images

3 ways to kill your chances of getting promoted3 Ways To Kill Your Chances Of Getting Promoted
By Emmie Martin | Business Insider –  Thu 18 Sep, 2014 9:27 PM IST
Strelka Institute for Media, Architecture and Design/flickr
It's important to frame your argument the right way when asking for a promotion.
Asking for a promotion is always nerve-wracking, which can make it easy to accidentally say the wrong thing.
Even if you think you're giving your boss a foolproof argument for why you're perfect for the job, you might actually be sabotaging your chances.
"Making the case for a higher job title can be tricky," writes Naomi Garnice, the director of marketing at Salucro Healthcare Solutions, in a recent LinkedIn post . "You need to make sure you're approaching the conversation the right way."
It's important to prepare what you're going to say beforehand to avoid turning your boss's opinion against you. Here are three things that will kill your chances:
Comparing yourself to your coworkers.
Sure, your colleagues might be moving up the ranks quickly or taking on more responsibilities, but it doesn't play any part in your job performance. Instead of making an "it's only fair" argument, focus on what you add to the company. "You'll gain far more ground focusing on what you have accomplished so far and what you can continue to tackle in your new role," Garnice says. Also, complaining to the boss about coworkers makes you look whiny and unfit to handle a leadership role, Garnice adds.
Making threats.
"Threats of ditching your job or leaving for another employer are appreciated by exactly no one," Garnice says. If you want your boss to seriously consider you for a promotion, you need to prove that you're dedicated to your work and the company. Threatening to leave if things don't go your way might seem like a good tactic to scare your boss into promoting you, but it really just reveals that you're not a team player.
Only concentrating on yourself.
Though your personal career is forefront in your mind when asking for a promotion, the decision is all about what's best for the company to your boss. Rather than showing how this opportunity will benefit you, make it about how you're an asset to the business. "Try starting the conversation by showing that you care about the company and its success," Garnice suggests. "Then, back this up with examples of your accomplishments and how they could translate into results in your next role."
Click  here  to read the full LinkedIn post.
Want your business advice featured in Instant MBA? Submit your tips to tipoftheday@ businessinsider.com  and be sure to include your name, your job title, and a photo of yourself in your email.
More From Business Insider

DLF told to pay around Rs 1.5L for wrongly deducting brokerageDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
DLF New Gurgaon Homes Developers Pvt Ltd has been asked by a consumer forum here to pay around Rs 1.5 lakh to a man, who booked a property in its project, for “wrongly deducting brokerage”.
New Delhi District Consumer Disputes Redressal forum, presided over by C K Chaturvedi, asked the firm to pay Rs 1,49,783 to Noida resident Rajesh Kukreja.
It also said that the firm “unjustly enriched” itself by “deducting brokerage”.
“We hold OP (firm) guilty of deficiency in unlawful trade practices and direct the OP to… refund Rs 1,49,783 wrongly deducted as brokerage,” the forum said.
Kukreja had told the forum that he had booked the property in firm’s residential project in Gurgaon by paying Rs 26.82 lakh in 2008.
Later, when he discovered that there was no progress in construction at all due to the lack of environmental clearance, he approached the firm which gave him an exit option.
The reality firm, however, refunded him only Rs 25.32 lakh by deducting Rs 1,49,783 as brokerage cost.
TAGS: Dlf
More from companies

How to build your skill set on a budgetHow to Build Your Skill Set on a Budget
By Stefanie O'Connell | U.S.News & World Report LP –  Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:43 PM IST
Print
>
I've noticed a disturbing trend among my fellow millennials who graduated deep in debt from their undergraduate years and continue to struggle with pervasive post-recession un- and underemployment as they approach the big 3-0. Disenchanted with unsustainable and unfulfilling career options, many default to graduate school. Rather than earning money for most of their young adult lives , these 20-somethings borrow their way through their early adult years, approaching 30 with an additional few letters to their names and a massive load of crushing student debt.
While graduate school provides an opportunity for continued education, skills training and increased earning potential , it is not necessarily the most cost effective way to achieve those goals. In fact, unless you are pursuing a career that specifically requires an advanced degree like becoming a doctor, lawyer, nurse or teacher, the return on investment from a graduate degree might not be worth sinking yourself into further debt.
Strategy consultant Dorie Clark recently wrote in the Harvard Business Review that paying for tuition might not be the smartest choice. "There are a lot of things you could do with $100,000, and going to school because you aren't sure what to do with yourself, or because you received some wisdom that an extra degree is always helpful, could be a colossally misguided move," she wrote.
Perhaps it's time to re-evaluate graduate school as the "default option" for young adults who feel stuck in low-paying jobs and college grads figuring out what to do next. But if not higher education, how can job seekers differentiate themselves from the thousands upon thousands of undergraduate degree holders entering the workforce each and every year?
The answer is skills.
According to Glassdoor's 2014 employment confidence survey, 72 percent of employees rated their specialized training to acquire specific skills as more valuable than their degrees in securing employment. Additionally, when asked what was most important in advancing their careers and earning a bigger paycheck, more than 3 in 5 employees listed learning new skills or receiving special training.
While going back to school is certainly one way to acquire those new skills, non-traditional alternatives, including certificate programs, boot camps, webinars, conferences and online non-degreed courses, are becoming increasingly attractive low-cost options.
Rather than automatically applying to a graduate program when post-grad career prospects prove grim, undergraduate degree holders may be better served by researching their prospective fields and learning which skills are increasingly in demand. With the vast array of affordable, flexible and accessible skill building resources now available to anyone with an Internet connection, job seekers in every field can benefit.
Slideshow: 12 mind tricks to help you save more and spend less
If you're looking to increase your marketability or earning potential, consider expanding your skill set using one of these affordable online resources to get started.
Khan Academy. A free, nonprofit website, Khan Academy has upwards of 4,000 educational videos covering a broad range of topics from history to biology. Videos average around 10 minutes long and are taught in a classroom style with black screen with colorful keywords, drawings and narration. Practical concepts are taught in an engaging manner using simple language, creating the perfect learning environment for any student of life.
Codecademy. Codecademy offers free online coding classes in six different programming languages. Considering that web programming is one of the most in demand skills in today's job market, codecademy is an invaluable resource. Basic coding skills also allow job seekers to better build an online presence for themselves, opening the doors for more career prospects, web entrepreneurship and diversified income streams.
Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs). An increasingly popular alternative to traditional university training, MOOCs like Coursera, edX and Udacity offer online courses with unlimited participation and open access and are, for the most part, free of charge. MOOCs provide a mix of traditional course materials like readings and problem sets and interactive user forums to build community among students and professors.
Udemy. Udemy is an online learning marketplace where experts in various fields create courses and offer them to the public. Udemy's course catalogue covers everything from health to entrepreneurship. Depending on the instructor, courses can cost up to $100 but many are free.
As employers continue to care less about credentials and more about you can do skill-wise, these affordable online platforms serve as a valuable resource to job seekers everywhere.
Stefanie O'Connell is a New York City based actress and freelance writer. She chronicles her struggle to "live the dream" on a starving artists' budget at thebrokeandbeautifullife.com.
More From US News & World Report

High debt cost barrier to India s renewable energy goalsClimate Policy Initiative
(David Nelson, senior…)
With the US and China, the world's top polluters, recently signing an agreement to reduce carbon emissions by 2025 and 2030, respectively, all eyes are on India at the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework on Climate Change, being held in Lima, Peru from December 1 to 12. It is a precursor to the conference in Paris late next year, where a universal agreement is expected. David Nelson, senior director at the San Francisco-based Climate Policy Initiative, a research and advisory organisation funded by billionaire George Soros, tells G Seetharaman by email how India should proceed on its climate change efforts and what it stands to gain. Excerpts:
Suresh Prabhu, a cabinet minister, recently said being aligned with China on climate change negotiations has hurt India's interests. His argument is that since China is ahead of India on several economic and social parameters, India cannot be expected to have a similar response to climate change as China. Do you agree?
In some ways India's situation is similar to China's, while in others, it is not. India can select the areas where it should align with China, defining its own position by looking to see what it can contribute based upon its own economic conditions, resources, and goals. India's specific situation will determine the path it should take towards a low-carbon economy. For instance, our analysis with the Indian School of Business shows that the high cost of debt is the biggest barrier to India achieving its renewable energy goals. Reducing the cost of loans and extending their tenor can cut the cost of renewable energy in India by up to 25%.
Can India show the way for other emerging economies by setting a carbon emissions target for 2030 like China? At the same time, can its economy afford it?
Our most recent analysis shows that with the right policies, India's transition to a low-carbon energy system could free up significant financial capacity over the next 20 years. In our modelling of India's transition from oil to low-carbon transport according to the 2O scenario [target to limit global warming above pre-industrial levels] described by the International Energy Agency, India could save $600 billion, using a combination of innovation and demand reduction policies. This is money that could be used to further India's development and economic goals.
There has been a lot of debate over the principle of 'common but differentiated responsibilities', which has come to the rescue of developing countries in climate change talks. Is that an impediment in getting developing countries to committing to cut carbon emissions?
The main impediment to nations making a serious commitment to cutting carbon emissions is their lack of understanding of ways to meet growth and climate goals simultaneously. Some nations are already on this path. Our work in Brazil and Indonesia, for example, supports policymakers' strategy to improve productivity while protecting forest assets. As our analysis demonstrates, developing and emerging countries that are net oil consumers, such as India and China, also have much to gain by transitioning away from oil together with other net oil consumers.
As you mention in one of your reports, governments control 70% of oil and gas production and 60% of coal production, so reducing these means a huge loss in revenues. How do you get the governments to see the benefits of reducing carbon emissions?
Governments do own most of fossil fuel assets globally, but they also have the policy tools to manage the cost of transitioning to a low-carbon economy, and in fact can create a net benefit from such transitions. Our analysis indicates that policies that reduce demand are more effective in doing so, rather than policies that restrict production. Restricting production merely creates economic distortions that benefit producers, while restricting demand, along with innovation, can lead to economic benefits. In general, emerging economies tend to subsidise consumer demand, especially when they are resource-rich, which means they under-invest in energy efficiency and miss out on the economic benefits of transition. India, being a net importer of oil and coal, can enjoy double benefits from a transition to a lowcarbon economy if it focuses on demand reduction — it will benefit from a stronger balance of payments in addition to financial savings. These additional resources can then be invested in energy or carbon efficiency or other development goals.
  The report talks about how the benefits of a low-carbon future more than offset the losses from reducing fossil fuel production, but only in the long-run. Does this make it difficult to convince governments, which are worried about the electoral impact of job losses and falling income?
If there are benefits in the future, governments may need to borrow from that future income to support the transition to a low-carbon economy that also creates better jobs. Depending on how policies interact, transitioning to a low-carbon economy can lead to higher employment and income, but there will be a shift in value and the transition will have to be managed. Some jobs will disappear, but new ones will emerge. Some assets will lose value, others will gain. The government plays an important role in minimising the pain, and maximising the gain, that can come from such a transition.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lima Climate Conference: India plans an outreach with SAARCLima
(Environment Minister Prakash…)
LIMA: In keeping with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's neighbourhood focus, India plans an outreach with SAARC countries at Lima. Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar who will be arriving in Lima over the weekend will be meeting with ministers from the SAARC countries and a joint statement from the region is expected to follow.
"The minister will be meeting with ministers from the SAARC countries and there will be a common declaration following the discussions," a senior Indian official said. There is no clarity whether SAARC would make any common statements in the negotiations.
This is not the first attempt at crafting a regional position on climate change. Mobilizing the SAARC countries to present a united regional force, raising issues that impact the region have proved to be difficult. Arch rivals India and Pakistan work well together, the two countries hold similar positions on climate change negotiations and are both members of Like Minded Developing Countries group. On the contrary, there are differences between India and Bangladesh and Nepal. The two countries are least developing countries (LDCs) and have on occasion demanded that India do more to address climate change. There are also differences in negotiating position on key issues like addressing climate change and agriculture.
An earlier attempt to mobilize the SAARC countries to work together and present was short lived. In 2009 New Delhi did initiate an effort, which led to a declaration on climate change by the environment ministers, SAARC even made a joint statement at the Copenhagen talks in 2009.
There is a view that a SAARC position though desirable is difficult to craft, as it is difficult to match the level of assistance that some of the countries of the region receive from industrialised countries. "Influence over policy depends on fund flow. India cannot compete with other countries in amount of bilateral and multilateral funding that flows into some of the countries in the region. Our interventions are too minuscule to make a difference," an official said.
India's neighbours maintain that "India doesn't take their concerns on board" and that it is "busy being a big power" rather than focusing on the needs of other developing countries. "There is some dissatisfaction thatIndia was not as vocal about issues like loss and damage in the negotiations," a member of a SAARC country said.
The intervention by Javadekar is seen as an attempt to allay and assuage the neighbouring countries and craft a position that is mindful of the concerns of individual SAARC countries.
The expectation is that the environment ministers from the SAARC region will reiterate the declaration made by the heads of state/government at the Kathmandu Summit in November. Focusing on efforts to share information, accelerate action to deal with the impacts of climate change, and the setting up of a centre for environment and disaster management.
 
At the SAARC Summit held in November, the leaders of the South Asian countries called for a cross border information sharing and a regional mechanism to tackle climate change and minimize the risks of natural disasters. The effort to come together and address climate change is anchored in concerns about the impact on the lives and livelihoods of the people of the region. The SAARC region has seen a higher incidence of extreme weather events—excessive rainfall leading to floods and landslides, droughts, and cyclones—over the past few years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India makes a strong case for adaptation measures at LimaIndia makes a strong case for adaptation measures at Lima climate talks
By Vishwa Mohan, TNN | 4 Dec, 2014, 01.40AM IST
0
Share More
Peru's minister of the environment and new president of COP20, Manuel Pulgar-Vidal, talks during the opening ceremony of the Climate Change Conference in Lima, Peru on Dec. 1, 2014. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LIMA: With the countries here negotiating crucial points in the run up to the next year's global climate agreement, India on Wednesday made a strong pitch for giving more weight-age to "adaptation" measures in the new agreement at the time when rich nations are more obsessed with "mitigation" (cutting emission) efforts and goals.
India also made it clear that the "adaptation is critical to the country's development paradigm" in view of climate change — a narrative which gained prominence ever since new government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to power in New Delhi in May this year.
Without denying the importance of "mitigation" in the efforts to face the challenges of climate change, India sought including "adaptation" element in the new agreement in a "comprehensive and balanced" manner.
In his submission in a 'contact group' on adaptation here during the ongoing climate talks, one of the key members of the Indian delegation Susheel Kumar said, "When we say balance, it is not only political parity with mitigation. It is a total parity — be it financial flow or allocations, legally binding status, technology transfer or sense of urgency and commitments".
He emphasised: "We would like that to be there in the entire text. We would also like a long term global goal for adaptation to be clearly articulated in qualitative and quantitative terms".
As climate talks began in Lima in Peru, Greenpeace activists from seven countries projected a pro-solar message at the Temple of the Sun in Machu Pichu, Peru.
The remarks assume significance in view of India's current position where it wants the new climate treaty to focus more on "adaptation" than on "mitigation" as many poor and developing countries still need to grow which would lead to unavoidable emissions.
If one reads this statement in view of the country's long stated position where it doesn't want the new agreement to compromise on the principles of UNFCCC' and its Kyoto Protocol, it is clear that India wants the rich nations to play a major role in terms of mitigation whereas the adaptation efforts may compulsorily be made by each and every country of the world with the mandatory support of developed countries in terms of finance and technology transfer.
Referring to a certain para of the draft text which has provisions to enhance cooperation and support for developing countries, Kumar in his intervention said, "India would suggest to amend this para to show that adaptation is a global commitment to be discharged by each country party".
Kumar in his submission also elaborated on India's ongoing adaptation measures through various plans under its national missions to combat challenges of climate change.
He also referred to the Indian government's recent initiative of establishing a National Adaptation Fund for providing financial, technical and capacity building support at national and state level for implementation of adaptation activities in the country.
It is expected that India would present its points on adaptation more forcefully during the high-level segment of the climate talks next week.
Making it clear, Kumar said, "We reserve the right to give additional submissions on adaptation in the course of negotiations, because adaptation is critical to our development paradigm in view of climate change".

How TANGEDCO s crippled financial status is harming TN(Tamil Nadu consumers are…)
By Sandhya Ravishankar
James, 47, has aged visibly in the past two years. Business is much the same, but the troubles, he says, have increased manifold. James runs a small lathe business in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu and he breaks into a frown when the subject of power comes up. "We do a turnover of Rs 1 lakh a month," he says. "Even before 2012, business was the same. But at that time, I was able to save Rs 5,000 to Rs 10,000 a month. Now, if I break even, it is a big deal for me," he says.
James is one of lakhs of medium, small and micro entrepreneurs (MSMEs) in Tamil Nadu bearing the brunt of the state's power turmoil. In 2012, after a gap of seven years, the Tamil Nadu government bit the bullet and hiked power tariffs across the board by 37%, a long pending reform. "Before 2012, we used to pay around Rs 3.50 per unit, so in a month my expenses on power were about Rs 4,000 to Rs 5,000," says James. "After they hiked the tariff, our building owner passed on all the extra costs to us and the rate went up to Rs 7.50 per unit for all practical purposes. Now I shell out Rs 13,000 a month just for power to run my small business," he rues.
James has five lathe machines and employs five labourers. Rent and the electricity bill consume most of his revenues. The situation, he says, is marginally better now. At least power is available as against last summer when there were massive power cuts. Now, the state power utility Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) has only imposed a 20% power cut on industrial consumers. "Once a year, we used to buy some jewellery, some clothes but now all those purchases have stopped," says James. "We have no savings at all." Small wonder then that MSMEs in the state have been protesting another round of power tariff hikes by power regulator Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC).
In September this year, TNERC notified a proposed hike in electricity tariffs, clarifying that TANGEDCO was in critical need of additional funds. The order said the tariff hike would help bridge Rs 6,854 crore in revenue deficit. Domestic and commercial users would pay 15% more while industrial users would take a hit of a 31% hike. Subsequent public meetings held by the Commission saw display of anger and concern from MSMEs and the public at large. Former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa stated that her government would provide adequate subsidy to protect the poorest of the poor from the ballooning power bills. But anxiety has boiled over in the state. "We will have to shut down if power tariff is hiked," laments James. "Industries are already heading to Gujarat because in Ahmedabad, lathe factories do rough casting and machining for Rs 58 a kg. We offer only rough casting for Rs 65 a kg, thanks to the power issue. We have asked for appointments with the electricity minister, industries minister and the chief minister but there has been no response."
In neighbouring Tirupur, Textile Exporters' Association chief Sakthivel concurs. "We requested the government to waive power tariff hike for exporters since it is a labour-oriented industry," he says. "It is affecting our pricing."
  The Problem: TANGEDCO
TNERC is spot on in its assessment of TANGEDCO's crippled financial status. Tamil Nadu is starved for power with a peak shortfall of 3,000 MW. Demand is set to skyrocket by 20% next year. Since 2006, Tamil Nadu has added a meagre 3,200 MW at a time when India added 1 lakh MW of power. Only a little over one-third of the total power produced in the state is by TANGEDCO. Another third comes from the Centre's generating stations. The rest is purchased from private players.
When the AIADMK government came to power in 2011, the then chief minister Jayalalithaa announced that there would be no power cuts from June 2012. But TANGEDCO failed to deliver. It took two long years and a blistering summer of 18-hour power cuts for Jayalalithaa to fulfil her promise. In June 2014, she triumphantly announced the lifting of power cuts and load shedding. But this came at a huge cost — buying more power.
High-cost power purchases from the private sector have created a furore amongst the political and business circles in the state. In an email response to ET Magazine's questionnaire, TANGEDCO said.
power purchases range from Rs 3.15 per unit for wind power to a whopping Rs 12.50 per unit from independent high-cost power producers. Generating thermal power on its own is cheaper — just Rs 2.14 per unit on average. In fact, the power utility's balance sheet shows that of the entire expenditure on power (not taking into account repairs etc), 80% goes towards buying costly private power.
  Left with No Choice

Government to clear $2 billion transmission projects in SouthYou are here: Home > Collections
Government to clear $2 billion transmission projects in South
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 12.03PM IST
Tags:
North-East
(The government will soon…)
NEW DELHI: The government will soon clear transmission projects worth $2 billion in the Southern region and has sought greater private participation to meet its target of $50 billion investments in the segment over the next five years.
"The government has cleared transmission projects worth $2 billion in the North-east , and another $2 billion worth of transmission network in the south will be cleared soon," said an official.
The Ministry of Power has estimated investments to the tune of $50 billion in the power transmission sector for which it has sought participation of the private sector, he said.
The government is also encouraging more private sector participation in the transmission sector as there is remarkable opportunity and going forward it will certainly be a robust business proposition, he added.
"We are doing capacity building in Power Grid Corporation (central transmission utility)," the official said.
Power Minister Piyush Goyal has maintained that with the existing 2.50 lakh installed generation capacity the electricity output can be doubled by improving efficiency of the transmission networks.
Last month, the Cabinet cleared two schemes - Deendayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana and Integrated Power Development Scheme.
DDUGJY aims to separate agriculture and non-agriculture feeders facilitating judicious rostering of supply rural areas. The estimated cost of the scheme is Rs 43,033 crore.
IPDS has been launched with the objective of strengthening of sub-transmission and distribution network in the urban areas. The estimated cost of the scheme is Rs 32,612 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Consumers to soon get choice to select power distribution companycoal minister
(The Minister said competition…)
NEW DELHI: Consumers will soon be able to choose their power supply company as the government is making necessary amendments to the Electricity Act to enable this provision which is aimed at encouraging greater competition in the distribution sector.
Shifting focus from generation, the government plans to fix electricity distribution which is often described as the achilles heel of the power sector.
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal today said the provision allowing the end-user to choose its distribution company is in the works.
"What we are looking at is allowing competition at last mile delivery so that consumers have a choice of supplier of electricity... it will also help states serve the people better," the Minister told reporters here at a CII event.
Goyal assured that wherever there are existing power purchase agreements, the interests of stakeholders will be protected, which will be done in consultation with the power regulator.
The Minister said the government will allow competition at the last mile or to the end-consumer without raising tariff or compromising on better customer service.
On being asked about allowing end users of electricity to select their power distribution firm, Goyal said it will be done gradually, adding that it was tried in Maharashtra but did not deliver the desired results due to some legal issues.
There were some hurdles under the Electricity Act of 2003, he said when asked why the proposed model did not work in that state. "We are trying to resolve those hurdles under the current amendment to the Electricity Act," he added.
Goyal further said that the government started the exercise of making amendments to the existing Electricity Act some time back and in the process has consulted several stakeholder from whom it has received numerous suggestions for consideration.
The move is aimed at reducing the losses of discoms as well as improving overall electricity supply.
As per the proposal, a new model where a power supplier will not manage the electricity distribution network, is being looked at.
It is on the lines of existing system in the United Kingdom which has separate suppliers and electricity network providers.
At present here, power discoms supply as well as manage network that provides electricity for residential as well as commercial purposes.
In a separate carriage and content model, the network would be owned by one company while the suppliers of electricity could be more than one.
Later, speaking at the India Economic Conclave event, Goyal said that the country will have 24x7 power supply just like Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh over the next five years.
"I am very confident come 2019, just like Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, ... have 24x7 power for all, more than adequate power for farmers," he said.
Talking about framework for achieving 100 per cent power in India by 2019, the minister said, "Basically the industry has three critical elements. It needs fuel for production, we are addressing the coal problem through an e-auction with the private sector, and doubling the production in Coal India."
  He further said that stranded and stressed assets can get back on stream and all national assets created will get adequate fuel.
The minister further said that the government is looking at generating larger amounts of renewable energy.
"Teesta which is a project of strategic importance in Sikkim for 1200 mw of hydropower which is stranded for quite a long time got resolved in one and half meeting...Very soon we will get it into finalising," he said.
He said 50 billion dollar investment plan on transmission and distribution -- for which 10 billion dollars will come out of government support -- will help the states which are starved for funds strengthen the sub-way transmission and distribution network right up to the last mile.
The government is also looking at major amendments to the policy framework both in tariff policy and the electricity act. "We are also creating a new renewable energy policy," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Beautiful Egypt is trying hard to woo back visitors. Will you goEgypt bids to woo back visitors
Recommend
Link
13 days ago, Reuters Videos
Three years after the overthrow of President Hosni Mubarak, Egypt is trying hard to restore tourism to its previous levels, but it's a tough challenge.  Amy Pollock reports.
More on Reuters Videos:
ET NOW - 17 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Police officers injured  businesses vandalized as protests in Berkeley turn violentBy Peter Holley December 7 Follow @peterjholley
Police reportedly fired tear gas and rubber bullets at protesters in Berkeley, Calif., after the Saturday demonstration reacting to shooting deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner suddenly turned violent. (Reuters)
Police in Berkeley used rubber bullets and tear gas to break up a throng of several hundred protesters after demonstrations over recent police killings of unarmed men turned violent Saturday night.
At least two officers were injured in the melee, in which protesters smashed windows and threw rocks and police responded with smoke and tear gas,  according to the Associated Press . A Berkeley police officer was treated in a hospital for a dislocated shoulder after being hit with a sandbag and a second officer suffered minor injuries, according to the AP. Multiple businesses, including a Trader Joe’s, a Wells Fargo bank and a Radio Shack store also were damaged.
The demonstrations began peacefully with about 300 protesters taking to the streets Saturday evening, but they grew increasingly aggressive when a second group of protesters broke away and began hurling “rocks, bottles and pipes” at officers, according to the AP. At one point, according to the San Francisco Chronicle, demonstrators faced off with “a line of about 100 police in riot gear.” As of Saturday night, police said no arrests had been made. 
“Several dispersal orders have been given, and the crowd has ignored the orders,” Berkeley police spokeswoman Jenn Coats told the AP. “In response to the violence officers have utilized tear gas and smoke in an effort to disperse the crowd.”
Caught in the late-night chaos were concert-goers who were returning to their cars after a night on the town, according to the San Francisco Chronicle .
“I’m not sure that’s necessary,” 74-year-old  Elaine Dunlap  told the paper after she and her husband were tear-gassed on their way back from a  Paul Dresher  concert at Zellerbach Playhouse. “I think people have a right to protest, certainly for an issue as big as this.”
“I’ve never experienced that, and I’m an old hippie,” she added.
— Ismael Chamu (@ichamu33) December 7, 2014
Hit from behind with police baton while retreating peacefully. #berkeleyprotests #BlackLivesMatter @abc7newsBayArea pic.twitter.com/qbSnxRWNao
— Cindy Pincus (@CinPinMin) December 7, 2014
Police put on gas masks #berkeleyprotests pic.twitter.com/Q0MlU203wy
— Jessie Lau (@jessielau93) December 7, 2014
This! This is your freedom America! This pic isn't from middle east this is #Berkeley , California! #berkeleyprotests pic.twitter.com/UkHfKOdnlu

Chile rethinks its free market experimentChile rethinks its free market experiment
John Paul Rathbone in Santiago and Benedict Mander in Buenos Aires
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/97dce28e-7b18-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uber cab driver accused of rape in Delhi arrested in MathuraNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
The cabbie, who allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman here on Friday night, has been arrested in Mathura even as questions were raised over security measures provided by Uber, the US-based cab firm which used his taxi service.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, the 32-year-old driver and a native of Mathura who was living in rented premises here, has been arrested, according to DIG (Agra Range) Lakshmi Singh.
Singh said the Uber cab in which the crime took place was owned by him and he was traced through his mobile number and has been handed over to the Delhi police. The car was recovered from the city late last night.
As a massive search operation was on in Mathura and other parts of Uttar Pradesh to nab the accused, Delhi Police had earlier in the day announced a cash reward of Rs one lakh for his arrest.
“The vehicle has been found and is being brought to Delhi and FSL examination by forensic experts will be done here. 12 teams are carrying out the search operation and we are getting full support from local police at Mathura,” said Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat.
The police have also issued a notice to Uber, the US-based cab service provider, under section 161 CrPC to join investigation in the case.
“We have issued them a notice to join investigation. There are norms to operate such cab service set by the Transport Department and we will see whether they were followed or not,” said Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma.
The shocking incident, which took place days ahead of the second anniversary of the December 16 gangrape, brought back memories of the horrific crime as shock and anger erupted both online and offline.
According to the police, neither the driver was verified nor the cab had a GPS tracker.
The company has issued a statement, saying that it was providing all help to the police in the investigation.
“Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokeswoman.
The driver did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and the only link the service provider had with him was an Smartphone App which he exited after the incident, the police said.
“The accused (Yadav) is being brought to Delhi,” said Deputy Commissioner of Delhi Police (North) Madhur Verma.
According to Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Manzil Saini, he was arrested from near a marriage hall along the Delhi-Agra highway under Mathura’s Sadar police station.
A case has been registered at Sarai Rohilla police station in Delhi under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
Yadav, who was driving the Uber cab, allegedly raped the woman around 9:30 PM on Friday when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat of the car only to wake up and find that they had stopped at a secluded spot. She found that the car doors were locked and, when she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed her and then committed rape, the police said.
The accused then dropped her off near her home in Inderlok after threatening to kill her if she spoke about it to anybody, it said.
Quoting the complaint, the police said that the woman had dined with her friends after her shift ended at 7 PM and one of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab to return home.
Uber, an international cab-booking service, has its headquarters in New York. It also could not immediately provide the call log as details were said to be stored at the company’s headquarters, the police said.
Commenting on the issue, Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis in India, condemned the incident and said that the guilty should be booked immediately.
“The cab company concerned must come forward and extend whole-hearted cooperation to the authorities probing the incident. This one-off incident has prompted all the taxi/cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its own employees/drivers prior to employing them to ensure that such heinous activity does not occur in future,” he said.
“This incident also calls for a stronger government regulation of taxi players which do not essentially operate under the licenced format of taxis and merely function as aggregators. We will take this up with the government,” Lalani said.
According to Police, Yadav originally hails from Elau police station area of Mainpuri district in Uttar Pradesh and was residing in a rented accommodation in Chandrapuri locality in Mathura.
When the police team reached at his residence, he was not present there.
In the evening, the joint team headed by ASP Ajay Pal of Uttar Pradesh Police arrested him from a house in Mathura which was about a kilometre away from his rented accommodation.
The police said identity of the owner of the house from where Yadav was arrested was yet to be ascertained.
During investigation, prime facie it has come to fore that criminal negligence was made out on the part of Uber, the US-based cab firm, as a number of shortcomings was found on their part as neither the driver was verified nor GPS tracking device was installed in the car, police officials said, adding Yadav was working with Uber since last six month.
Senior police officials will decide what action should be taken against the firm for the negligence, they said.
The police team along with Yadav will reach Delhi by midnight and he will be produced before a court here tomorrow.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Cab
More from miscellaneous

FIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flowsBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The role of the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), a vestige of India’s intractable bureaucracy, has been reduced to a minimal level. About one and a half decades ago, the FIPB used to vet 80% of foreign direct investment (FDI) proposals in terms of value. However, in
2013-14, it sat in judgment over less than 5% of these proposals, according to data compiled by the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP), reports Arun S in New Delhi.
This means that without attracting much public glare, the governments over the years have made this body, housed in the finance ministry, almost redundant.
The reduced role of FIPB comes on top of the liberalisation of FDI through other means — relaxation of the ceilings on FDI in many sectors and restricting the prohibition of FDI to a minuscule minority of sensitive areas such as atomic energy, rail transport (other than those permitted recently, including high-speed trains), lottery, gambling, chit fund and nidhi company, construction of farm houses, tobacco, cigars and cigarettes.
The first-of-its-kind data compiled by the DIPP also showed that correspondingly, FDI inflows under the automatic route — where no prior approval is required, but where the Reserve Bank of India needs to be informed within 30 days of inward remittances or issue of shares to non-residents — have shot up from around 20% in 2000-01 to about 95% in 2013-14 (see table).
To counter complaints from overseas investors about the difficulties in setting up shops in India, the Narendra Modi government has begun using this data in presentations before foreign investors and in bilateral meetings with advanced economies (recently with the US) to showcase India has one of the most liberal FDI policies in the world, official sources told FE. This data will also be used in future roadshows across the world to attract investments, especially from big investors such as pension funds and sovereign wealth funds in the infrastructure sector, they said.
The UPA regime, under pressure of criticism of the policy paralysis, had at the fag end of its tenure brought out a slew of measures for liberalisation and rationalisation of the FDI policy in sectors such as petroleum and natural gas, commodity exchanges, power exchanges, stock exchanges, depositories and clearing corporations, asset reconstruction companies, credit information companies, tea sector, including tea plantations, single-brand retail trading, test marketing, telecom services, courier services, insurance and defence. FDIs in these sectors were shifted to the automatic route instead of the earlier approval route. The shifting took place earlier also, in almost regular intervals, resulting in the truncated role of FIPB.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, in his 2014-15 Budget speech, had said that the government would promote FDI selectively in sectors with an aim to ensure domestic manufacturing and job creation. The Modi government eased FDI norms in defence manufacturing, construction and railways, and will soon raise the FDI cap in insurance too. Also in the works is an announcement on a composite foreign investment cap (including foreign direct, portfolio, institutional, venture capital and NRI investments) for all sectors to simplify norms and bring clarity.
For a long time, there has been a tussle between the industry and finance ministries over who should anchor FIPB. The body was shifted to the finance ministry in 2002, when Jaswant Singh was the finance minister, citing administrative convenience.
The FIPB approval is currently required in mining, multi-brand retail, public sector banking, defence (the FIPB route for FDI up to 26% and for FDI above 26% to the Cabinet Committee on Security, clearance is needed on a case-to-case basis, where it is likely to result in access to modern technology), brownfield pharma projects, broadcasting, print media, existing airport projects (for FDI above 74%), certain cases in civil aviation, satellites, single brand retail (for FDI above 49%), and asset reconstruction companies (FDI above 49%).
Foreign investment into an Indian company, engaged only in the activity of investing in the capital of other Indian company/ies, will also require prior FIPB approval, regardless of the amount or extent of foreign investment.
India was ranked a poor 142nd out of 189 countries in the latest World Bank’s ‘Ease of Doing Business’ report, in which all BRICS peers performed better — Brazil was ranked 120, Russia (62), China (90) and South Africa (43). The 2014 AT Kearney FDI Confidence Index report also saw India dropping to seventh, its lowest rank since 2001.
The government is working on ways to help the country improve this ranking, including by cutting red-tape, facilitating setting up of world-class infrastructure and smart cities, streamlining the taxation system, incentivising local manufacturing, ensuring 24×7 electricity, along with land and labour reforms.
TAGS: FDI
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Flipkart might lie low on next mega fundingFlipkart might lie low on next mega funding
Nivedita Mookerji | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 12:46 AM IST
Leading e-commerce entity Flipkart is expected to begin the new year with another round of funding, perhaps crossing the $1-billion figure. However, the company might not make any announcement on the mega funding, unlike the previous occasion, in July.
At that time, co-founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal had made a public announcement at a Bengaluru hotel, about a $1-billion fund raising, largest so far in the Indian e-commerce sector. A day later, Amazon issued a statement that it was investing $2 billion in India.
A source said Flipkart was not keen on attracting attention due to fund raising. In the recent past, the $1-billion funding was a part of the discourse even when it came to other developments around the company, such as the 'Big Billion Day' sale and offline-online war, the source said. Chief executive Sachin Bansal has stayed away from interviews over the past couple of months, to indicate his focus is on business.
2014 has been a year of blockbuster funding for e-commerce companies, a $4-billion market. Beside Flipkart's $1-billion funding in July, Snapdeal had raised $627 million from Japanese investor SoftBank in October.
Since no e-commerce company in the country is listed, they hardly ever publicised their fund raising till recently. While talk of mega bucks being raised from foreign investors brought e-commerce in the bracket of big league, it also meant a fair share of controversy to the players. Among other things, the foreign investment going into these companies has been under scrutiny. Foreign investment is not permitted in e-commerce but there's no rule barring it in a marketplace model. Most e-commerce entities in India are operating the marketplace model. Tax issues have also been raised in some states for hosting traders and keeping their inventory in some cases.
Yet, these companies are setting ambitious goals. Flipkart is believed to be looking at an annual GMV (gross merchandise sale) of $4 billion by the end of March 2015 and much younger rival Snapdeal at $3 billion. While Flipkart is believed to be hovering around a GMV of close to $3 billion, Snapdeal sources said the company touched $2 billion GMV around Diwali. Amazon, which started in India in 2013, is learnt to have crossed a GMV of $1 billion. Annual GMV is calculated on monthly average sales.
Flipkart, which started in 2007, has so far raised $1.76 billion of funds. Its investors include Tiger Global, Accel Partners, DST Global, Naspers, Iconiq Capital, Sofina and Singapore sovereign wealth fund GIC.

Google Nexus 6: Uncertainty on availaibility...benchmark
(Even as Android One had a…)
NEW DELHI: This tale from a technology sector CEO illustrates an unusual thing about an iconic global technology giant. Vijay Shekhar Sharma, CEO of Paytm, is a devoted fan of Google's Nexus smartphone. Sharma is waiting to upgrade to Nexus 6 and has to wait patiently till it's available online on Flipkart, which is the only Indian outlet, online or offline, for the phone.
The Paytm CEO's frustrating experience is shared by many, many Nexus smartphone fans. Google, as formidable a marketing machine as any globally, has put its weight behind low-cost Android One phones in India, spending Rs 100 crore in the project. Nexus, on the other hand, is not marketed by Google and is rarely marketed by its hardware partners LG, Motorola and HTC either.
Even as Android One had a tepid start, market analysts and retailers say Google is missing a trick by not promoting the pricier Nexus phone more. "Instead of focusing on Android One, it would be a good call for Google to sell Nexus offline as it is a flagship product that has a good pull," says Satish Babu, founder of Chennai-based retail store chain UniverCell Mobiles, one of several large format chains willing to stock Nexus 6. "There are takers for Nexus even at the high price," Babu said.
Nexus Fans Switching Loyalty
He compared this with cheaper Android One phones, which have had a not-so-impressive run since their launch a few weeks back. Other mobile brick and mortar retailers — for example, Himangshu Chakravarti of MobileStore — agree with UniverCell Mobiles' Babu. They say there's a lot of latent demand for the high performing Nexus phone but supply is a problem, and Google can tap that by selling offline. Some Nexus fans are switching loyalty, not wanting to wait long for an upgrade to arrive.
Paytm CEO Sharma says Xiaomi is one of the favourite options of those abandoning Nexus. "I've been waiting for it for some time now, but many Nexus 5 users waiting to upgrade to Nexus 6 have moved to Xiaomi's Mi 3 which offers almost the same specifications at roughly half the cost," Sharma says. Xiaomi's Mi 3 was launched in July atRs 14,999.
Nexus phones are in the Rs 20,000 toRs 30,000 price band. The LG-made 4.95 inch Nexus 5 was launched in November last year, the fifth successor to Nexus 1 introduced in 2010. Nexus 5 is priced between Rs 22,000 andRs 33,000 on e-commerce sites. Nexus 6, powered by Google's Android Lollipop operating system, has been made by Motorola.
Nexus 6 was listed for pre-orders in the US late in October and all variants were reported to be sold out within a few hours. The story was the same in the UK. In India, initial stocks were pre-booked within a day or two. When asked by ET, Flipkart did not share the number of pre-orders. Nexus 6 may be available in Google's 3-day online sale beginning December 10. Hong Kong-based research firm Counterpoint Technologies estimates that around 2,00,000 Nexus 5 phones were shipped to India this year.
  Compare that with the 1.6-1.8 million Android-based smartphones that were sold in India this year in the sameRs 20,000-Rs 30,000 price band. Clearly, say analysts and retail traders, Google can sell far more Nexus phones than it is selling now - if it wants to. On the other hand, in just two and a half months since mid-September, a little under 500,000 Android One phones have been shipped to India, more than double the year-long total for Nexus 5 phones. But despite this, Android One hasn't quite taken off.
In all 7 million smartphones in the Rs 6,000-Rs 8,000 price band, the range in which Android One phones are available, were sold in four months till October. With less than a half a million shipments, Google's low-cost smartphone was obviously a slow seller in this category. That Nexus is a story of untapped potential in India is also clear from the fact that India accounts for just 3,00,000 of the 9.9 million Nexus phones sold globally since 2010, according to data from Counterpoint Technologies.
Android, both technology and mobile retail experts say, is a hugely popular operating system in India and Google's Nexus phones are ideally situated to exploit that popularity. Nexus, experts say, is the benchmark setting Android-based smartphone. JUST A SHOWPIECE? Google responded to ET's query on undermarketing Nexus by saying: "We always introduce Nexus devices alongside our platform releases (such as Lollipop), as advances in computing are always driven at the intersection of hardware and software."
Other explanations from analysts and experts were more detailed. Google works with hardware partners to build Nexus devices, and the idea is to help push boundaries of what's possible, say analysts tracking the sector. Nexus serves as a reference for the Android ecosystem. "Ideally, it would have been a good business case had Google entered into devices," said a Bangalore-based analyst who did not want to be named. He added that Google perhaps wants Nexus to simply serve as a reference point, a showcase for the power of hardware.
Counterpoint's telecom analyst Tarun Pathak says Google may not want to scale up Nexus distribution to "avoid stepping into its manufacturing partners' toes" and that Nexus phones "may be mostly a showcase that's meant for developers first and then consumers".
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1IbYaSGFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Jerry Lee Lewis' '59 Harley could fetch $1 million
Rock 'n' roll legend Jerry Lee Lewis is hoping there'll be a  Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin' On  when it comes to the auction of the Harley-Davidson he's owned since he became a household name back in 1959.
Post to Facebook
Jerry Lee Lewis' '59 Harley could fetch $1 million Rock 'n' roll legend Jerry Lee Lewis is hoping there'll be a  Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin' On  when it comes to the auction of the Harley-Davidson he's owned since he became a household name back in 1959. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A17VgG
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Jerry Lee Lewis' '59 Harley could fetch $1 million
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 2:30 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
Jerry Lee Lewis is auctioning off his 1959 Harley.
(Photo: Handout)
3333 CONNECT 43 TWEET 21 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Rock 'n' roll legend Jerry Lee Lewis is hoping there'll be a Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin' On when it comes to the auction of the Harley-Davidson motorcycle he's owned since he became a household name back in 1959.
The '59 Harley, with a white gas tank and bags, is going on sale during the Mecum auction house's event in Kissimmee, Fla., on Jan. 16 to Jan. 25.
While the world is filled with celebrity cars and motorcycles, Lewis' is unusual because of the length of time in which he owned it — 55 years.
"This could be the $1 million motorcycle. It's history, and the continuous ownership by Jerry Lee since 1959 should drive the auction price to record numbers," says auction house President Dana Mecum in a statement. The cycle has been transported from Lewis' home in Nesbit, Miss., for display at the Mecum auction in Kansas City on Saturday.
Sam Murtaugh, Mecum's director of marketing, says Lewis told him that Harley gave away two motorcycles. One went to him, and the other went to Elvis Presley. Lewis says he got the first, and that he poked fun at Elvis for having gotten the second.
This is one motorcycle that you expect to be shooting Great Balls of Fire.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A17VgG
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Renewable energy companies on fundraising spreeaccelerated depreciation
(Another IPO aspirant is Sumant Sinha,…)
NEW DELHI: India's renewable energy companies are gearing up for big-ticket fundraising with IPOs, debt and investment foreign inflows to match the gigantic requirement of the government's unprecedented enthusiasm to generate clean power.
Sector specialists say wind energy firms are planning to raise Rs 5,000-6,000 crore while the government-owned financing entity for clean energy projects, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency (IREDA), is also looking to raise nearly Rs 3,000 crore through an IPO.
With the renewable energy, coal and power minister Piyush Goyal emphatically declaring that commercial viability, not subsidies will propel the sector to add 10,000 Mw of wind energy a year and 100,000 Mw of solar power, companies in the sector that has so far been propped up with subsidies and tax breaks are preparing to take the plunge.
"Project sizes have grown but our net worth is very small at only Rs 2,200 crore. To compete better, we would like to have net worth of Rs 5,000 crore by the end of next two years. So we will see if we can borrow funds from the market and do an initial public offer," IREDA's chairman and managing director KS Popli told ET.
According to government officials, IREDA is actively considering an IPO in the next 18-24 months.
Another IPO aspirant is Sumant Sinha, founder and CEO of ReNew Power, in which Goldman Sachs invested Rs 1,000 crore a year ago. He sees the wind energy's equity requirement of $2 billion (about Rs 12,400 crore) out of the $10 billion needed for the 10,000 Mw to be added each year. It would also need $7 billion in debt, he told ET.
After the government reinstated tax breaks like accelerated depreciation (AD) and generation based incentives (GBI) this year, which were suspended in 2012, manufacturers of wind mill equipment as well as power generation companies are looking to expand and add capacity aggressively.
According to market intelligence firm Mercom Capital, if India maintains wind average installation levels of 3 GW over the next 2-5 years, the wind developers will be expected to raise about USD 3 billion a year. On the manufacturing side it is less clear and is not entirely dependent on the Indian market demand.
Experts said bigger generation and the exit of PE investors would also be a factor in fundraising. "As wind companies reach gigawatt scale, we are likely to witness fivesix IPOs in both domestic and alternate markets over next five years. PE exits sooner or later will also be a cause for this," said Anish De, partner (infrastructure and government Services) at global consulting firm KPMG. De added that wind energy companies were likely to raise Rs 1,000 crore through fresh issuance of shares.
INOX Wind, a wind energy equipment manufacturing company, plans to raise Rs 700 crore through an IPO in the first quarter of next fiscal to expand capacity. The second piece of the IPO will entail Gujarat Fluorochemicals, a listed entity, which owns 75% of INOX Wind, tendering up to two crore shares in order to comply with regulations.
Wind turbine manufacturer Re-Gen Powertech hasn't ruled out the possibility of an IPO over the span of a year. "We have to provide exit to PE investors, so an IPO is definitely not ruled out," said Madhusudan Khemka, managing director of Regen Powertech, which has installed over 2,000 Mw of wind farms over the past seven years.
Khemka said that in the run-up to achieving the target of installing 10,000 wind megawatts a year, India will see installations increasing by 1,000 Mw every consecutive year.
Currently, India has over 21,000 Mw of installed wind capacity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

First missing Mexican student identifiedFirst missing Mexican student identified
Jude Webber in Mexico City
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47a1fa76-7e4b-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Telangana to clear IKEA  Coca-Cola proposalsAndhra Pradesh
(The move from the country's…)
HYDERABAD: A week after unveiling its industrial policy incorporating right to clearances within a fortnight, claimed to be the world's first, Telangana is now preparing to showcase its quick-approval mechanism by clearing two large foreign investment proposals.
The world's largest furniture retail chain, IKEA, and beverages giant Coca-Cola are set to get quick approvals for their projects. While IKEA chose Hyderabad for its first India store with a proposed investment of $100 million (about Rs 620 crore), Coca-Cola has evinced interest in setting up a Rs 1,000-crore facility near the state capital.
The move from the country's newest state assumes significance in the backdrop of the proposed Hyderabad visit of IKEA's India chief executive, Juvencio Maeztu, sometime this fortnight.
"The Telangana Rashtra Samithi government, which spent months to incorporate the best elements of available industrial policies the world over, is determined to demonstrate its intent on cutting red tape and luring large-scale industrial investments," industries secretary K Pradeep Chandra told ET.
"Towards this, the entire government machinery related to supporting the industrial investments is now being geared up to keep all the systems in place to accord quick approvals, through a single application by the prospective investors," the industries secretary said.
A number of large prospective investors, both domestic and global, are awaiting clarity on the sector and location-specific incentives that the Centre had promised to provide to Telangana under the Andhra Pradesh State Reorganisation Act, he said
Some of the companies, which already have operations in and around Hyderabad, have announced expansions involving at least Rs 10,000 crore of total investments after the state was born on June 2. These include the Tata group that announced a few aerospace investments, Tata Consultancy Services, Microsoft and Cognizant which are setting up new campuses, ITC and Dura Line. Several pharmaceutical firms have evinced interest in setting up units in the newly-proposed mega pharmaceutical city, coming up over 11,000 acres near Hyderabad where the government is eyeing a potential of Rs 30,000 crore investment over the next few years. "Demonstration of quicker and hassle-free approvals in the shortest span without red tape by the Telangana government should automatically help the investors, both domestic and multinational, volunteering to spread the word and acting as ambassadors," said Pradeep Chandra.
Appreciating the efforts of the government in putting elements in place for fast clearances, Confederation of Indian Industry's state chapter chairperson Vanitha Datla said: "It should really help the government in attracting more investments. Self-certification by prospective investors and minimum inspections by government officials are some of the positive features of the new industrial policy, which should help the industry to stick to project implementation schedules."
 
However, Telangana Industrialists' Forum president K Sudheer Reddy views that there were many aspects that the government should have paid attention to for not just attracting fresh investments but also helping existing industries, some of which are on the verge of turning sick. "Uninterrupted power supply is a major ingredient to attract investments and unfortunately we don't have adequate power supplies for the industry at present. The government should address this at the earliest through effective medium- to long-term plans.
Meanwhile, the industry should be encouraged with tax incentives to go for captive power generation units." While welcoming the incentives and tax reimbursements proposed by the state government, Reddy said: "The government should look into doing away with reimbursement mechanism which makes the industry to invest first and claim reimbursement later, leading to not just blocking the precious working capital during the initial years, but also giving scope to red tape and corrupt practices during the reimbursement process."
According to Reddy, some Rs 700 crore of tax reimbursement arrears are piled up with the government over the last three years and no adequate budgetary allocations have been made to clear them. "Taking into view the many adverse conditions faced by the MSME (micro, small and medium enterprises) sector over the last few years, including severe power crisis that made them operate at less than 50 per cent of capacity, the government should consider extending the period of incentives to them by at least three years to help them come out of sickness," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

It s Putin  not Deng  that Modi is really likeprint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi burst on the global stage this year and curiosity about this new figure and impressions from his decisive style of leadership have already drawn striking comparisons with leaders like Lee Kuan Yew, Deng Xiaoping and Margaret Thatcher. The writer Amitav Ghosh recently drew a parallel between Modi and Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, based on their humble roots, their association with religious groups and their road to power in multi-ethnic societies that were previously led by secular parties. Modi has also been compared to US President Barack Obama as they both started out in community organising, cut their political teeth in hostile terrains (Gujarat/Chicago) and led well-funded campaigns to outlast (female) rivals who eventually joined their governments.
But one name is not discussed adequately in this list of 'Modi-like' leaders: Russian President Vladimir Putin, who will be in New Delhi this week. There is a lot that the two men have in common, in terms their backgrounds, governing styles, approach to democratic institutions, and the ways in which they are projected.
First the impressions they make on others:  In his book Strongman: Vladimir Putin and the Struggle for Russia, the BBC's former Moscow correspondent Angus Roxburgh writes about Putin's "eyes that consume you", fixing its gaze for several seconds with a "glowering, piercing, highly unsettling look". Rajdeep Sardesai reports in his 2014: The Election That Changed India that even years ago, Modi smiled and laughed a lot, "but his eyes at times glared almost unblinkingly - stern, cold and distant".
Both leaders exude strength, thriving on a personality cult sustained by machineries that work relentlessly to represent them as strong men: Thus, Putin is the judo master who rides horses bare-chested and is pictured with wild bears and tigers, while Modi has a proverbial 56-inch chest, can play the drums like a rocker, work 18 hours a day and endure long fasts. Both have armies of online trolls who brook no criticism.
More seriously, the political outlooks of both men were shaped by the organisations they have been inalienably associated with - the KGB and the RSS. Both organisations are suspicious of democracy, see liberals as purveyors of unhealthy foreign influences that weaken national cultures, and understand history in monochromatic terms - as time spoiled by ideological adversaries.
Putin defines himself in opposition to the US which he blames for weakening Russia strategically and culturally through support for pro-democracy groups. Modi was reared in a subculture that blames Muslim rule for India's weaknesses, a project willy-nilly continued by today's liberals, who are bent on stymieing the order and discipline that the country apparently needs.
Both want their countries to become great again, and see State power as an instrument to pursue transformative cultural projects.
Both see a close-knit cabal as central to their purposes. Karen Dawisha, author of a new book Putin's Kleptocracy: Who owns Russia?, describes how Putin rules Russia in concert with former KGB colleagues who have developed a stranglehold on the country's economy and politics. Modi is not there yet, but he is a proud RSS pracharak - and although he attempts to define an identity beyond that of a Hindu nationalist, his tenure has already seen RSS functionaries take on crucial roles in central and state governments, pushing a range of agendas.
There are of course key differences between the two.
Dawisha puts Putin at the apex of a parallel and ultimately dominant economy established by KGB functionaries who used slush funds to establish businesses while the Soviet Union was collapsing. Those business interests have proliferated through a process that saw both the emergence and co-option of oligarchs and the mafia who are both beholden to Putin, who stands as the ultimate regulator of Russian capitalism. Modi, of course, does not have that kind of leverage within the Indian system. Indian capitalism, like its civil society, is a lot more richly textured with longer roots than its Russian counterpart and thus, in theory, is not that easy to overwhelm. That said, there are already comparable trajectories. India's 'weak-strong state' clearly still intimidates capital, judging by the breathless corporate endorsements for Modi. And like parts of the State-run media that Putin controls, Modi's brief rule has seen a form of elective compliance by large swathes of the media that lets the PM's calendar predetermine its programming, often uncritically covering his speeches, however banal or disappointing. Indeed, India now sees a lot of lip-syncing journalism where there is often a discernible disjunction between a story's credit and its actual voice.
To refresh, Modi does not yet exercise the degree of dominance that Putin does in Russia, but arguably he shares with the latter an irreverence for democratic institutions and practices. Putin has rubber-stamped parliament, and the Russian judiciary has been powerless to stall his project. How Modi reacts to a likely majority for the BJP in the Rajya Sabha remains to be seen.
Modi also shares a troubling reflex with Putin, which doesn't portend well for India or his rule: A contempt for the media and civil society. Both leaders see these sectors in conspiratorial terms, and would rather create parallel voices to socialise their messages rather than engage with dissent. They refuse to brief the media or be cross-examined by it; in fact the entire Indian Cabinet has virtually gone offline over the last six months. The Modi government is also blocking out activist criticism over the violation of environment norms and the general stonewalling of RTI queries. The Putin era has incidentally seen targeted violence against journalists, including at least one high-profile murder, that of Anna Politkovskaya. The Indian press is a lot freer for sure but it is not inconceivable that the scale of hate speech on social media creates a context for vigilantism in the future.
Comparisons can often be facile exercises, but they can be useful organising frameworks to speculate on political trajectories. We have probably seen enough of both leaders to safely conclude that Putin is a viable template for Modi to evolve into, under the right conditions.

Sahara eyes more dealsSahara eyes more deals
Opp making issue on Sadhvi remarksNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Union Minister Giriraj Singh described as “motivated and avoidable” the the uproar created by opposition parties in Rajya Sabha over the issue of Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti remarks.
“The opposition parties are only creating an issue out of a non-issue even after the minister concerned had apologised,” he told reporters here.
“The present impasse in Rajya Sabha by the opposition is motivated and avoidable…opposition parties are only creating an issue out of a non-issue even after she had apologised and Prime Minister Narendra Modi himself had disapproved her utterance in both the Houses of Parliament,” he said.
Referring to Congress charge that prices of fuel could further be reduced, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader said United Progressive Alliance (UPA) leaders should not forget that during their 10-year regime, they had never ever reduced the prices of petrol or diesel when there were fluctuations in the international prices of crude oil.
On the recent efforts of different political outfits’ to revive the old Janata Dal, he said these efforts are not based on any policy or definite programme but because of “Modi phobia”.
The Minister of State for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises called upon the respective industry leaders in the state to prepare a white paper regarding their problems and suggest solutions.
He assured the industrialists that their problems would be solved. The state government would also be taken into confidence in this regard, he added.
TAGS: Giriraj Singh Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous

Modi invokes Manmohan to break Cong resistanceModi invokes Manmohan to break Cong resistance
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 07, 2014
First Published: 17:42 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 08:36 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi invoked former PM Manmohan Singh on Sunday in the face of opposition from Congress-ruled states over his decision to scrap the Planning Commission, saying a new body was needed to “strengthen” the federal structure and empower states.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Uttarakhand chief minister Harish Rawat during a consultation meeting for Planning Commission revamp in New Delhi on Sunday. PTI Photo
Speaking at his first meeting with chief ministers to seek suggestions on the new body to replace the plan panel, Modi stressed it was impossible for the nation to develop without its states.
“Can we develop a new mechanism that plans according to India’s strengths, empowers states, and brings on board all economic activity, including what happens outside the government,” the PM asked. Modi also recalled feeling the need for a better platform to articulate the views of states when he used to attend the plan panel’s meetings as Gujarat CM.
Stressing "cooperative federalism", Modi said the process of policy planning has to change from "top to bottom" and "bottom to top". It was impossible for the nation to develop unless states develop, he added.
The government dismantled the Planning Commission through a Cabinet decision on August 13, two days before the PM announced it during his Independence Day speech.
Chief ministers of Congress-ruled states, however, appeared unimpressed and praised the plan panel’s work in reducing regional and income disparities.
“The Planning Commission is a time-tested institution and the government should strengthen it instead of scrapping it. We need it to protect the interest of the deprived sections,” said Uttarakhand chief minister Harish Rawat after the day-long meeting at the PM’s Race Course Road residence.
To counter the Congress charge, Modi recalled remarks made by Manmohan Singh on April 30 this year, when the former PM had raised four questions about the future of the Planning Commission and the need for the institution to reinvent itself to remain relevant.
“Manmohan Singh, who was associated with the Planning Commission for a long time, had noted the body has no futuristic vision in the post-reform period,” Modi said in his concluding remarks.
Rawat, however, dismissed Modi’s contention, saying Singh never advocated the scrapping of the institution. “He (Singh) only said the panel needs to re-invent and change."
Congress CMs also expressed dismay at not been consulted before the decision to scrap the planning body. They said the issue should have been discussed in the National Development Council --- a body of all chief ministers headed by the PM.
“It came as a bolt out of the blue,” said a chief minister of a Congress-ruled state, referring to the PM announcement of disbanding the Planning Commission. 
Many Congress CMs, however, praised Modi for organising a retreat with chief ministers with no central minister or official present.
“We chatted with each other and the PM. Modi listened to our suggestions and appeared positive,” said a CM of a Congress-ruled state.
Summarising the discussions, finance minister Arun Jaitley said there was a “large” consensus on the need to scrap the Planning Commission since the present context had changed with a need to “decentralise” decision making.
 
All CMs agreed that states have to play a bigger role in nation building, Jaitley said, adding that the “one-size fits all” concept of Central schemes have to be changed.
“Most states favoured an alternate body where both the Centre and the state participate and a bottom-up approach to policy making is adopted instead of a top-down approach,” the minister said.
Jaitley also said Modi had stressed on Team India comprising the PM and the chief ministers, the council of ministers and the bureaucracy at the Centre and the states.
The Team India concept, according to Modi, was a combination of three teams – the Prime Minister and chief ministers; the Union council of ministers; and the bureaucracy at the Centre and in states, PTI reported.
(with agency inputs)

Delhi taxi rape angers B-TowncelebsBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 9:12 am
The news of a 25-year-old woman’s rape by a taxi driver in New Delhi  has “appalled” filmmaker Karan Johar, while Bollywood star Akshay Kumar wonders “how many more such incidents before we have stricter laws?” (Read – Delhi rape case: Cabbie Shiv Kumar Yadav arrested in Mathura, notice sent to Uber MD )
A 25-year-old woman was allegedly raped by a cab driver on Friday night after she took the cab around 9.30 p.m. from Vasant Vihar area in the capital – the city where six rapes and 14 molestation cases were reported every day the first four months of 2014. (Read: Delhi govt considering cancellation of Uber’s permit to operate in Delhi )
Angered by the incident, here’s what the stars tweeted:
Akshay Kumar: You hire a cab thinking its safer and pay more but sadly even that isn’t an option anymore. Not sure how many more such incidents before we have stricter laws! #DelhiShamedAgain
Karan Johar: Appalled at the @Uber incident!! If they didn’t do an adequate background check of the driver they have no reason to operate anywhere!!!!
Rohit Roy: Just the other day, a friend was recommending Uber very highly… Now this!! Appalling. It’s like the guard at ur home robbing U!!
Vishal Dadlani: Taking a cab alone at night? Take a picture of the driver, with the numberplate, & send it to a friend. Should act as a basic deterrent.
According to a recent compilation of data by Delhi Police, 616 rapes and 1,336 molestation cases were registered between January 1 and April 30 – a 36 percent increase in rape cases compared to around 450 cases registered in the same period last year.
Data of the first four months of 2014 show that six rapes and 14 molestation cases have been reported every day. Police, however, claim to have solved almost 90 percent of the cases.
Cases of molestation recorded in the same corresponding period show a similar rise with over 1,000 registered cases.

India story strong under Modi govt: BofA chief | InterviewBank of America
(Moynihan joins a list…)
MUMBAI: India is now the best-placed economy among global investment destinations as it emerges from a decade low slump to ride a wave of enthusiasm generated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's image as a leader focused on execution, said Brian Moynihan , chairman & chief executive of Bank of America, the second-biggest US lender.
"The story in India is a relatively stronger story," Moynihan told ETin an interview. "They have a clear view of what they want to accomplish. They realise it takes work and takes detailed plans and implementation, which is good because that is what it does take. I run a big company and know that you have to have execution plans."
Moynihan joins a list of global CEOs encouraged by the new government that came to power in May with the strongest mandate in three decades. Modi's reform pledges, empowering of bureaucrats, attempts to clean up a corrupt system and demanding performance from ministers have been cheered by industry. McKinsey & Co CEO Dominic Barton said in an interview to ET last month that he has resumed advising clients to invest in India after a two-year gap.
Businesses in India and abroad are looking for the promised changes to take place as peer nations go through a rough patch because of political troubles or due to the collapse in commodity prices. "Going through the BRICS, the Brazil story is not a strong one," said Moynihan, who turned around the fortunes of Bank of America after the credit crisis nearly sank the lender. "In the last couple of years, Russia has also weakened.
Even on a broader scale, the story here is a new government with a lot of enthusiasm behind (it) and the people's confidence building and coming out of a trough. That story is not exactly the same in a lot of other places." Unlike many global banks, Bank of America, which is celebrating its 50th year in India, is keen on abiding by RBI's subsidiarising proposal.
Doing too much for ourselves: Moynihan
Bank of America will abide by RBI's subsidiarising proposal even though this could bring down efficiency levels, Moynihan said. The central bank wants overseas lenders to set up subsidiaries in India to have similar rights as local lenders, particularly when it comes to such issues as expanding branch net works.
"I can see that it makes life easier (for the regulator) but on the other hand it makes it less efficient and therefore getting less efficient means it cannot supply as much capital to the market. But if they make the decision to move forward, then that is the rule we play by," said Moynihan.
He said talk of higher capital needs and regulations stifling innovation is baseless and that parts of the financial services industry have been enriching themselves instead of serving clients. "I do not think it will have the impact on financial innovation that has customer purposes," said Moynihan. "I do not think the innovation is financing structures and stuff like that. We are doing too much for ourselves and not enough for our customers."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Thermax hits 52-week high on winning Rs 351 crore order in AfricaThermax hits 52-week high on winning Rs 351 crore order in Africa
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 09:20 AM IST
Thermax has rallied 6% to Rs 1,129 in early morning deals on BSE after the company said it has won an order worth Rs 351 crore in Africa to build and commission a captive power plant.
The stock opened at Rs 1,096 and touched a 52-week high of Rs 1,132 on BSE. A combined around 18,000 shares changed hands on the counter till 0917 hours on BSE and NSE.
The company has received a repeat order of Rs 351 crore from a leading African industrial major for setting up a captive power project for one of the conglomerate’s cement plants, Thermax said in a statement.
The scope of this contract includes system design, manufacture, supply and supervision of erection and commissioning of the plant, it added.
In October this year, Thermax had received a Rs 321 crore worth contract from the same African conglomerate to supply a captive power project for one of their cement plants.
 

FKA Twigs hates the quirky tagPosted: December 8, 2014 9:23 am
Singer FKA Twigs says she hates to be called quirky and different.
The 26-year-old ‘Two Weeks’ singer said she felt ‘sucked dry’ when she worked as a backing dancer for artists like Jessie J and Kylie Minogue because she was hired for her unconventional appearance and no longer wants to be made to feel ‘uncomfortable’, reported Contactmusic.
I was the ‘quirky and androgynous’ girl. If anyone says I’m quirky ever again, I’ll throw up on myself. I guess I just felt really disconnected from myself. You’re making someone else’s dream happen by selling yourself and them boxing you into the ‘alternative kooky dancer’ role. You just feel a bit sucked dry.
“I think that’s why I’m so determined in what I’m doing. It’s why I’ll never be made to feel uncomfortable again. I spent so many years feeling uncomfortable, but at the same time, I earned a lot,” she said.

Sonakshi Sinha: I will never joinpoliticsBy: Press Trust of India | Jalandhar |
Posted: December 8, 2014 9:19 am
Actress Sonakshi Sinha says she likes discussing politics with her actor-politician father Shatrughan Sinha but has no intent of trying her luck in it.
The 27-year-old ‘Rowdy Rathore’ star said politics is not her cup of tea and she would like to concentrate on films only. “I will never join politics. There is no possibility for me to join politics. I am a creative person and I always want to do something creative in my life,” Sonakshi told PTI.
The ‘ Action Jackson ‘ actress, however, said offlate she has started taking interest in political affairs. (Read review: Action Jackson )
“My interest started after Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led BJP government came at the centre. I often talk to my father about this because everyone wants to know what our PM and government are doing and I also have interest in this,” she said.
Shatrughan is the sitting MP from Patna Saheb. His daughter was here to attend the inaugural event of Kabaddi World Cup. She even owns a Kabaddi team United Singhs in the World Kabaddi League.
Sonakshi Sinha will be next seen in Arjun Kapoor-starrer ‘Tevar’, which is scheduled for release on January 9, 2015.

Uber shame: Delhi cab driver was jailed earlier too on another rape charge  say policeComments
A Delhi court sent on Monday an Uber taxi driver accused of raping a 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days as the state government banned the taxi booking service which came under fire for hiring the driver without background checks.
 
Police said Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32 had earlier spent nearly two years in jail from 2011 over another rape charge before being acquitted last year when the victim allegedly turned hostile and the court found contradictions in her statement.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
On Friday night, Yadav allegedly raped an executive from a Gurgaon-based finance company in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla before dropping her home, sparking outrage in the city weeks before the second anniversary of the fatal gangrape of a 23-year-old medical student in a moving bus.
Although the driver threatened to kill her if she reported the crime to police, the woman took a photo of the car's number plate before alerting the authorities.
 
Police tracked Yadav down and arrested him on Sunday from his home town Mathura,160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi, where he had fled.
'Uber misled passenger with app, flouted rules'
He refused to participate in an identification line-up after police told the court they had not yet recovered the mobile phone he used during the incident.
Meanwhile, Uber faced criticism for hiring the cab driver without the mandatory police verification. It initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com with immediate effect," said a statement by the transport department.
"The transport department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the National Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi in future."
The department also alleged Uber had flouted transport rules and "misled" the passenger with its app.
"M/s Uber also misled the commuter about the nature of the taxi service offered by the "Uber App," it said.
Special commissioner Deepak Mishra said early investigations showed GPS had not been installed in the taxi and police background checks were not conducted on the driver.
 
San Francisco-based Uber had earlier issued a statement saying its thoughts were with the young woman and it was working with the government to address the issue.
 
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States and could spell trouble across the globe for the company.
 
Anger mounted in New Delhi where a crowd of angry protesters rallied outside the home minister's residence, demanding more action by officials to ensure safety for women.
 
"The shocking incident of rape of a young woman in a cab on Friday night exposes the alarming situation about lack of women safety in the national capital," the Aam Aadmi Party said in a statement.
Uber on back foot
Uber tried to shift some of the blame on to the Delhi government for the failure to do background checks on the accused cab driver.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick issued a statement following, terming the incident horrific.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery.
"We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs. We will also partner closely with the groups who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women," the statement said.
A day after police served a notice on the firm, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (North), said, "Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we'll go for legal recourse. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case.
(With inputs from agencies)

Infosys falls on founder cutting $1.1 bn stakeInfosys stock falls on founders cutting $1.1 bn stake
Anuradha Subramanyan at IFR     Hong Kong   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 16:42 IST
Four of the founders of Infosys are seeking to raise about $1.1 billion by selling stakes in the Indian IT outsourcing company, IFR reported on Monday.
The founders are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close, the report said.
The Infosys stock closed 4.88 per cent lower at Rs 1,968, a loss of 101 points on the BSE.
 
Deutsche Bank is the sole book runner and the books were covered just after the launch, IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication said.
Infosys executives were not immediately available outside regular business hours.
($1 = 61.8830 Indian rupees)

Curbs on SpiceJet to result in farewar on bookings | DGCA won t review move on curbsYou are here: Home > Collections
Curbs on SpiceJet may lead to increase in ticket prices
Anirban Chowdhury & Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 10.08AM IST
Tags:
Air India
(Some analysts reckon that…)
NEW DELHI|MUMBAI: The aviation regulator's directive to Spice-Jet to limit advance bookings to just a month and its withdrawing 186 flights are likely to increase airfares substantially in the future, which may disappoint passengers but bring some respite to its peers.
The budget airline had recently unleashed a string of special fares, often catching competition off guard. While some airlines feel that the regulator's action would lead to sanity in pricing, others feel that it would actually result in competitive pricing for last-minute bookings.
Some analysts reckon that spot fares are indeed expected to soften as SpiceJet will increasingly compete in this space in the coming days. "If limiting bookings to one month for SpiceJet continues, the airline will have to fill all its seats in the past one month. This would only lead to aggressive pricing by the airline in the past one month to fill its seats, hence, a fare war in the last-minute bookings. This surely won't be good for the aviation industry," said an Air India official.
"There would definitely be some sanity in pricing because of the move, at least in the short term. For the past few months, SpiceJet was the only airline which had pushed the industry into spates of flash sales, which were often not conducive to margins," said another executive with a domestic carrier.
Some travel analysts fear that the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) order will lead to advance purchase inventory and may impact growth in the market.
"The air passenger market has seen excellent growth this year after a lapse of two years on the back of great prices available for advance bookings. The recent move by the DGCA will result in a reduction in inventory for advance purchases and a consequent increase in fares, which could lead to a slowdown in the air market," said Sharat Dhall, president at Yatra.com, an online travel portal.
The Indian aviation market saw over 20 discount offerings led by SpiceJet since January this year, triggering a huge increase in the number of passengers, as average fares in some sectors witnessed a drop.
A Makemytrip.com data shows that fares in the past six months have dropped in some key sectors, including Hyderabad-Chennai, Kochi-Bangalore, Delhi-Mumbai, Mumbai-Chennai, Chennai-Hyderabad, Delhi-Bhubaneshwar, among others. The drop in fares had been in the range of 17 to 40per cent.
Industry analysts, however, feel that the low fare regime will only see a temporary moderation, as other airlines would continue to offer discounts. "I do not see lower fare regime changing, but temporary moderation is possible with the DGCA order on SpiceJet. The aviation market in India continues to be competitively placed and expect airline fares to reflect passenger sensitivity. I hope to see stability in offering fares closer to departure," said Kapil Kaul, CEO of CAPA in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys slips over 3% as founders sell stake; top Sensex loserYou are here: Home > Collections > Clsa
Infosys slips over 3% as founders sell stake; top Sensex loser
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 09.59AM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(Infy slipped as much as 3.5%…)
NEW DELHI: Infosys Ltd slipped as much as 3.5 per cent in trade on Monday, after media reports that four of its founders are seeking to raise about $1.1 billion by selling stakes in the IT outsourcing company.
At 09:34 a.m.; Infosys was trading 3 per cent lower at Rs 2007. It hit a low of Rs 1996.65 and a high of Rs 2017 in trade today.
The founders are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of 1,988 Indian rupees ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close, Reuters said in a report quoting IFR.
Deutsche Bank is the sole book runner and the books were covered just after the launch, IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication said.
According to analysts, investors with a long term time horizon can still look at buying Infosys at lower levels. Last week in an analysts' meet Dr Sikka reiterated that Infosys continues to be on track to return to industry levels of growth by June 2016.
Dr Sikka reiterated his vision of Infosys' revival, using his 'New+Renew' theme, in the analyst meet held on Thursday last week. Infosys' new management's maiden analyst day was marked by Dr Sikka's reiteration of his 'New+Renew' theme, CLSA said in a report.
The Asia-pacific broker maintains 'buy' on Infosys with a target price of Rs 2500, which translates into an upside of 18.9 per cent in the next 12 months.
We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital, said the CLSA report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China joins effort to stem water crisis in MaldivesUpdated: December 8, 2014 10:15 IST
China joins effort to stem water crisis in Maldives
Atul Aneja
A woman carries bottles of drinking water, received free from a distribution centre in Male, Maldives.
TOPICS
Maldives
China has sent two plane loads of water to Maldives, following anenergetic response from India, which, on Sunday, delivered another1,000 tonnes of water to the Maldivian capital, in response to the crisis.
China’s state-run news agency Xinhua is reporting that two Chinese military aircraft carrying 40 tonnes of drinking water were expected to arrive in the early hours on Monday having departed for the island nation on Sunday night.
Besides, a marine rescue vessel of the Chinese Navy has been sent to dispatch 1,000 tonnes fresh water to Male on Friday, for a scheduled 3 am (local time) arrival on Monday.
The Chinese government has also donated 500,000 dollars to the Maldives government for the repairs of the country’s sole desalination plant, which was expensively damaged in a fire on Thursday.
Nearly 130,000 people residing in Male have been hit by the crisis. The Maldives government has estimated that $ 20 million would be required for the repair of the damaged plant.
On Sunday, India’s large fleet tanker delivered about 900 tonnes of fresh water to the Maldivian capital, while two C-17 planes of the Indian Air Force (IAF) also delivered another 90 tonnes of potable water.
INS Deepak is capable of producing 100 tonnes of water every day, using its onboard desalination plant, while INS Sukanya, which reached Male on Friday night, can produce 20 tonnes of fresh water daily.
The government of Maldives sought emergency assistance from India, China, Sri Lanka and the United States soon after the fire broke out.

Vikalp Securities: Updates on change in office of compliance officerDec 08, 2014, 10.00 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Vikalp Securities: Updates on change in office of compliance officer
Vikalp Securities has informed that Shri Arun Kejriwal, Managing Director, is entrusting the office of Compliance Officer to Ms Shraiya Paliwal, company secretary of the company with effect from December 8, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Vikalp Securities: Updates on change in office of compliance officer
Vikalp Securities has informed that Shri Arun Kejriwal, Managing Director, is entrusting the office of Compliance Officer to Ms Shraiya Paliwal, company secretary of the company with effect from December 8, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Vikalp Securities Ltd has informed BSE about change in the office of Compliance Officer of the Company.  Vikalp Securities has informed that Shri Arun Kejriwal, Managing Director, is entrusting the office of Compliance Officer to Ms Shraiya Paliwal, company secretary of the company with effect from December 8, 2014.   Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Seeing return of retail participation in market: NSE08:00 am
The retail participation in the market has definitely gone up over the past 20 years and today there are close to 2 crore retail investors, says , Chitra Ramkrishna, MD & CEO, NSE, adding that it is still a very small proportion of the “total savours in the market.”
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Ramkrishna said that disinvestment in large navratna PSUs are good pegs around which one can see the retail money coming in, which in turn helps in building a good momentum around retail participation.
Below is the transcript of Chitra Ramkrishna’s interview with Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Just about a few weeks back you all celebrated your 20 years at NSE, 15 years here, what has been the biggest challenge? Has it been technology, has it been expectations? 
A: My heartiest congratulations to CNBC. As I was just sharing with your team, we have all been fortunate to be part of a period in markets where there have been tremendous changes and some of us have had a chance to be part of those changes. 
As electronic media you all have done a wonderful job of bringing a lot of transparency and information to the market. So, a very warm congratulations to all of you. 
Latha: You have seen the markets in 2003, you have seen the markets before, does it feel like a very big moment? Do you see retail participation yet again? 
A: Let us put it this way, that in these 20 years if you see how the markets have transformed, definitely the retail participation in the markets has increased. Today we are talking about close to 2 crore retail investors in the market but as I never tire of saying it is really a very small proportion of the total savers in the market. So, there is enough of task in front of people like you and us in the next 10 years. 
Reema: While we have seen an improvement in market breadth, we are still a long way compared to mature markets like the US as well as in London. What is your gut telling you, how soon can India be counted amongst those developed markets? 
A: Let us look at it this way; what does it take to build market breadth? There are three key factors as I can think of. First is you need to be able to offer a variety of products which serve different customer needs. I think we have about got there because today we are all multi asset class markets with equity, currency and fixed income most recently. So, that is a very good step for us to build on.
The second is that when we talk of breadth of markets, we talk about what kind of savings actually gets channelised into the market. So, one is direct savings and second is indirect savings. When we talk about direct savings definitely the number which we talked about, more retail investors in the market, okay, but the second piece I think is something we all have been talking about which is indirect savings in the form of retrial monies and how and when they will start participating in the market. 
I think even as late as last week, we have been reading about how EPFO and others are seriously looking at putting some portion of the retrial monies into the market. I think these can be game changers in building the breadth in the market. 
Thirdly also it is about how much inclusion we are able to build into our agenda. When we talk about inclusion, we should talk on two facets. One is the issuers side so that it is not only 1600 companies which are able to raise capital from the market, how much are small and medium enterprises going to be able to raise money from the market efficiently and how much penetration can we actually achieve? Even today beyond the top 100 cities there are less than 10 lakh investors who come in. So, what we can we do to increase that? I think all these augur for building breadth in the market.
Latha: When I was asking you to compare with 2003, what I want to know us how do you gauge the flavour of the moment? We have had one damn good year in the equity markets, is it getting into a broader retail participation in your numbers, in the way you watch the markets? Are you getting a sense that there is a lot of growing retail interest? 
A: What I definitely sort of hear from many of my brokers is that definitely retail has started to come back in the market. Some of that is dormant investors who have started to now become active again. However, ETF initiative has brought in a lot of people who were not in the equity market before. 
So, I do see that coming in and typically large good navratna PSU disinvestments like the ones that we are seeing are very good pegs around which you see retail money coming in. We have seen that earlier so I think that helps us to build a good momentum around retail participation coming back. 
Latha: You spoke about ETF, now that is an exchange initiative that has increased inclusion as you put it, anything more that you have in mind in terms of inclusion or just new products?
A: While we have the broad categories of new products definitely there is tremendous interest and potential to see variety of ETFs. So, it could be different thematic kind of ETFs or sectoral ETFs. 
So, we are hard at work trying to create some of those kind of products which will go well. However, from a mass perspective if you see, SIPs on ETF is the way to build that saving culture and bring a lot more retail in to the market. CPSE ETF for example, again another great idea. 
Latha: Has it picked up? 
A: No, it hasn’t yet picked up but ETF itself hasn’t yet picked up as much as we would all like to see. So, I think these are all different bets that one has to try and see which one catches the fancy of retail. 
Reema: Participation of retail is still very low. How can we incorporate technology to improve financial inclusion? 
A: This is what I would say is on top our minds when we talk about technology because technology helps reach people and gives information to people which hitherto could have been a cost or an access barrier. 
So, technology to penetrate into new places, second technology to ease the end-to-end access to our market, so, whether it is a mobile platform, whether it is internet these are all the different initiatives that one can think about.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex flat in early trade; Sun Pharma up  Infosys downSensex flat in early trade; Sun Pharma up  Infosys down
Infosys founders seeking $1.1 bln via stake sale - sourceInfosys founders seeking $1.1 bln via stake sale - source
Reliance Industries hires banks for dollar bondReliance Industries hires banks for dollar bond
Outcome of board meeting of Anik IndustriesOutcome of board meeting of Anik Industries
Carewell Industries appoints Kesavan Suresh Kumar as compliance officerCarewell Industries appoints Kesavan Suresh Kumar as compliance officer
Atlanta is eyeing around Rs. 20 billion contracts; stock 1% upAtlanta is eyeing around Rs. 20 billion contracts; stock 1% up
If 1275 break then dream will come true........1230-1200-1100Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I don`t have to tell you anything bhusare! if you want to but then buy...Silver Member
6 Followers
I don`t have to tell you anything bhusare! If you want to but then buy, if you want to sell then sell- if you don`t have anything with Avance then might as well get lost- understand my friend . I hold and will keep holding that I am making clear to everyone !!
In reply to : sujitbhusare2013 message
10.28 AM Dec 8th

See the recommedation from sbkjrf123 to invest heavily: for thos...Platinum Member
91 Followers
Risk reward is not favorable buy in OFS i think. metals is very volatile sector. 5-10% can be chopped off any time, in a single day... Discl: may apply for few hundred shares after seeing response to OFS
10.50 PM Dec 4th  | Track

Some one was talking about you on this board  that you were abusing bu...New Member
3 Followers
Hi Sunrise99995, What makes you think i am Carya1. and hence asking for weather in Palakkad.
I know you are Rise95 beacuse when you were Red flagged and i asked for Rise95 ...you had answered to me as well as other boarders.
Even if i am Carya1 what difference does it make...Weather of Palakkad will not change.
In reply to : sunrise99995 message
12.51 PM Dec 8th

Dolphin Offshore surges as unit gets contract extensionDolphin Offshore surges as arm gets extension of barge contract
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 10:08 AM IST
Dolphin Offshore Enterprises (India) has surged 8% to Rs 210 on BSE after the company said its wholly-owned subsidiary has received an extension of contract for its accomodation barge Vikrant.
The company’s wholly owned subsidiary Dolphin Offshore Enterprises (Mauritius) Private Limited has announced a contract in October 2012, from Representaciones Y Distribuciones Evya S.A., de DV for the bareboat charter hire of the Vikrant Dolphin - DP2 barge and A.M.S Divine vessels to be deployed in Mexican waters for firm period of 1 year extendable for 3x1 option.
The above charter has confirmed the extension of its current contracts with the Mexican clients for its DP2 accommodation barge, Vikrant Dolphin for a further period of 3 years commencing from January 1, 2015, Dolphin Offshore said in a statement.
The Anchor Handling Tug, Divine Dolphin will be released from charter at the end of the current contract period expiring on December 31, 2014 as the vessel cannot operate as a foreign flag vessel in Mexico any longer.
The charter rate payable for the Barge is US$42,000 per day, representing a 12% increase in charter rates, or a contract value of $46 million (approx Rs 285 crore).
The stock opened at Rs 200 and touched a high of Rs 212 on BSE. A combined 710,336 shares changed hands on the counter till 1006 hours on BSE and NSE.
 

Corporate excellence in limelight at MindRush 2014Corporate excellence in limelight at MindRush 2014
Team BT        Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 09:09 IST
Chairman and Editor-in-Chief, India Today Group Aroon Purie along with management guru Ram Charan and other participants at the Business Today Best CEO Awards 2014 event. Photo: Shekhar Ghosh
It was an evening that saw 20 of the leading Indian CEOs being honoured. Business Today kicked off its annual two-day MindRush business conclave on Friday with an awards function recognising the work and efforts of Indian corporate brains in not just guiding the fortunes of their organisations but also setting examples of corporate excellence for others.
Aroon Purie, Chairman and Editor-in-chief of the India Today Group, set the ball rolling. Purie said the Indian economy is at a tipping point where it is slowly turning around after several dismal years.
Extending a warm welcome to the packed house of almost 150 CEOs from companies across industries, Purie highlighted the uptick in sentiment in corporate India and enumerated several points that indicate a turnaround may just be round the corner.
He said that GDP growth of 5.7 per cent for the first quarter of 2014/15 is the highest in two-and-a-half years.
FULL COVERAGE: MindRush 2014
He also said that inflation has been easing, helped by a 30 per cent drop in crude oil prices in the past year, and that factory output is inching up.
"There are encouraging signs that the worst may be behind us," he said.
"Leading a company is a complicated business. It is not only about getting financial returns to satisfy the shareholders but about strategic vision, customer engagement, employee satisfaction, company reputation and responsibility to the community in which you operate. A successful CEO, therefore, is multi-talented person to play all the roles he has to play and show a good profit."
Purie congratulated all the winners and said it all boils down to leadership. "You get good leadership and the course of history can be changed as we have seen so often. Unfortunately, the reverse is equally true. It can take decades to undo the sins of bad leadership," he said.
Sharing his success mantras that helped him in trying times, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) CEO N. Chandrasekaran said that the company decentralized aggressively during the economic meltdown of 2008/2009 as part of efforts to improve efficiency.
The $13.4 billion company was split into many smaller business units, and top management travelled around the globe interacting with customers.
"The tablet revolution was taking shape. We identified five technologies and invested in them, adopted them," the CEO said.
TCS also edged on its 200,000 employees to aspire more and realize their potential, said the CEO, popularly known as Chandra.
When asked by Purie how he planned to stay on the top, Chandra said: "You got to be paranoid... There is a culture of entitlement versus the culture of performance. We believe in the culture of performance. Nobody takes anything for granted."
The awards ceremony began with Business Today Editor Prosenjit Datta explaining the methodology of selecting the winners for this year to a huge gathering of corporate leaders.
Datta said that in choosing the winners, several performance parameters were taken into consideration. Only companies with more than Rs 1,000 crore revenue in the BT500 - BT's listing of the country's most valuable companies by average market capitalization from April to September-were included in the study.
A total of 20 winners were awarded in 22 categories. The awards were presented by Purie, management guru Ram Charan, and Manpreet Singh Chadha, Vice Chairman at Wave Group.
Anand Mahindra, Chairman and MD of Mahindra & Mahindra, was awarded two awards-Best CEO (Very Large Companies) and Best CEO (Auto & Auto Ancillaries - Large Companies). IT major TCS' CEO N. Chandrasekaran also won two awards - Best CEO (Very Large Companies) and Best CEO (IT & ITES - Large Companies).
Other prominent winners of the evening included G.V. Prasad, Co-Chairman & CEO, Dr Reddy's Laboratories, winner of Best CEO - Large Companies; Siddhartha Lal, MD & CEO, Eicher Motors, winner of Best CEO (Mid-sized Companies - Auto & Auto Ancillaries); H.M. Bangur, MD, Shree Cement, winner of Best CEO (Mid-sized Companies -Cement); and Keki Mistry, Vice Chairman & CEO, HDFC, winner of Best CEO (Large Companies - Financial Services); Harsh C. Mariwala, Chairman, Marico, winner of Best CEO (Mid-sized companies - FMCG); G.M. Rao, Founder and Chairman, GMR Group, winner of Best CEO (Mid-sized companies - Infra & Engineering); Glenn Saldanha, Chairman and MD, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, winner of Best CEO (Mid-sized companies - Pharma and Healthcare); and Himanshu Kapania, MD, Idea Cellular, winner of Best CEO (Large Companies - Telecom).
Sharing his thoughts, Saldanha said success in R&D is linked to getting together various components in business - from having a model that funds costly R&D to creating a culture in the organisation that promotes innovation.
"Creating a culture that promotes innovation is crucial,"  he said. Patience is also important to create and run a research-driven pharma company, according to Saldanha. For instance, he pointed out, it can take anywhere between 15-20 years for a single molecule to receive marketing approval.

Dalian Wanda in talks to buy Lions GateDalian Wanda in talks to buy Lions Gate
Charles Clover in Beijing and Matthew Garrahan in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d4584a4-794e-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dalian Wanda diversifies into pig-farming© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a3571d66-7a26-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lions Gate / Wanda  dynamic duo© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/a060aaa4-7987-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BSE Sensex down 105 pts on profit-selling; logs first weekly drop in 7By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:03 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 4:46 pm
The benchmark Sensex today closed nearly 105 points down at 28,458.10 buckling under fag-end profit booking in IT, oil & gas and healthcare shares, logging its first weekly loss in seven weeks.
After opening in the positive zone at 28,604.50, the BSE Sensex surged to the day’s high of 28,651.75 on continued overseas inflows and buying by retail investors.
Soon after, however, it met with resistance at higher levels and fell back to settle at 28,458.10, a fall of 104.72 points or 0.37 per cent. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 28,409.05.
The gauge had rallied 120.11 points in the previous session on supportive domestic and global cues.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex fell by about 236 points. This is its first weekly drop in seven weeks.
Overall, 22 constituents of 30-share Sensex including Sun Pharma, Infosys, Hindalco, BHEL, ONGC, Hero Moto and SBI fell.
On similar lines, the 50-share Nifty index ended 26.10 points, or 0.30 per cent, lower at 8,538.30. Fall in shares of Wipro, Tech Mahindra, Dr Reddys, BPCL, TCS, Sun Pharma, Infosys and Cipla stocks weighed on the NSE barometer.
It moved between 8,523.90 and 8,588.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
“In absence of any major cues, equity markets traded dull for most part of the session on Friday but profit taking in the last hour pushed indices in red,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Shares of SAIL ended about 3 per cent down after the government’s 5 per cent stake sale in steel major, to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore, began today.
ITC shares continued their rally, and added another 2.27 per cent on hope that a proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes will be put on hold.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth net Rs 474 crore yesterday as per provisional data.
Global cues were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and European markets also were better in early trades.
Sectorally, the BSE IT index suffered the most by falling 1.83 per cent, followed by the Teck index that fell 1.47 per cent, Healthcare index 1.40 per cent, Oil & Gas index 0.66 per cent and Power index 0.52 per cent, among others. Bucking the trend, Realty, FMCG, Consumer Durables and Metal indices jumped.

Sonakshi  Manyata at  Action Jackson  special showChoreographer-director Prabhudheva's 'Action Jackson' starring Ajay Devgn and Sonakshi Sinha releases this Friday.
Sonakshi Sinha at the special screening.
1 / 30

Stocks and dollar gain after US jobs dataStocks and dollar gain after US jobs data
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8f2d7e4-7c2d-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ramachandran sells 4.5 lakh shares of Thangamayil JewelleryDec 06, 2014, 11.04 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ramachandran sells 4.5 lakh shares of Thangamayil Jewellery
On Friday, Ramachandran N sold 450000 shares of Thangamayil Jewellery at Rs 190 per share on NSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ramachandran sells 4.5 lakh shares of Thangamayil Jewellery
On Friday, Ramachandran N sold 450000 shares of Thangamayil Jewellery at Rs 190 per share on NSE.
Post your opinion here
 
On Friday, Ramachandran N sold 450000 shares of  Thangamayil Jewellery  at Rs 190 per share on NSE.
On Friday, Thangamayil Jewellery closed at Rs 186.35, up Rs 6.30, or 3.50 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 217 and 52-week low Rs 105.75 on 01 December, 2014 and 14 May, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Reliance Capital sells 10.3 lakh shares of INOX LeisureDec 06, 2014, 10.39 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Reliance Capital sells 10.3 lakh shares of INOX Leisure
Reliance Capital Partners sells 1,030,000 shares of INOX Leisure at Rs 180.14 per share on NSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Reliance Capital sells 10.3 lakh shares of INOX Leisure
Reliance Capital Partners sells 1,030,000 shares of INOX Leisure at Rs 180.14 per share on NSE.
Post your opinion here
 
Reliance Capital Partners sells 1,030,000 shares of  INOX Leisure  at Rs 180.14 per share on NSE.
On Friday, INOX Leisure closed at Rs 180.15, up Rs 1.25, or 0.70 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 197.30 and 52-week low Rs 94.25 on 21 November, 2014 and 30 January, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Talwalkar Madhukar sells 3 lakh shares of Talwalkars FitDec 06, 2014, 10.39 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Talwalkar Madhukar sells 3 lakh shares of Talwalkars Fit
Talwalkar Madhukar Vishnu sells 300,000 shares of Talwalkars Better value Fitness at Rs 235.02 per share on NSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Talwalkar Madhukar sells 3 lakh shares of Talwalkars Fit
Talwalkar Madhukar Vishnu sells 300,000 shares of Talwalkars Better value Fitness at Rs 235.02 per share on NSE.
Post your opinion here
 
Talwalkar Madhukar Vishnu sells 300,000 shares of  Talwalkars Better value Fitness  at Rs 235.02 per share on NSE.
On Friday, Talwalkars Better value Fitness closed at Rs 240.65, up Rs 7.80, or 3.35 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 264.35 and 52-week low Rs 130.10 on 14 November, 2014 and 16 January, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

DGCA takes back slots of SpiceJet on cancelled flightsDGCA takes back slots of SpiceJet on cancelled flights
Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Dec 6, 2014, 01.51AM IST
Tags:
Airport Authority of India
(In another tough action…)
NEW DELHI: The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), the regulator for the aviation sector, has told SpiceJet to limit advance bookings to a month and has also withdrawn 186 flight slots at various airports across the country. The move comes after the troubled airline cancelled flights and moved to reduce its fleet by returning planes to leasing companies.
A senior DGCA official said these measures were in response to the continuing deterioration in the airline's condition. "While we have barred them from booking beyond one month, we are going to monitor them on a daily basis and the airline has been asked to submit operational details every month. The slots were withdrawn because the airline was booking tickets for cancelled flights," the DGCA official said. The official added that the Gurgaon-based carrier was operating 332 flights a day on SeptemSeptember 1, 2014, which has now come down to 239 as on Friday.
"Such cancellation of flights in a short span of time is a serious concern for us," he added. SpiceJet COO Sanjiv Kapoor said the airline is cooperating with DGCA. "Some slots were withdrawn because we told them we will be operating a smaller fleet. We are taking action on things to do and the regulator is doing its job," Kapoor told ET. Since July this year, SpiceJet has been cutting capacity due to financial woes. In November, the airline had conveyed to DGCA that it's working on a turnaround which involves a recapitalisation of the airline.
The airline, which reported a 45% reduction in losses to Rs 310.40 crore during the quarter to September, had told the BSE that it is in talks with prospective investors. While the airline has not disclosed the amount of equity it needs, analysts say the infusion could be about Rs 1,500 crore.
While SpiceJet's dues at Rs 1,630 crore are a fraction of the $1.5 billion (Rs 9,000 crore at current exchange rates) owed by Kingfisher Airlines, the issue is no less worrisome, said a DGCA official. The airline owes Rs 700 crore to lessors, Rs 550 crore to various vendors, Rs 100 crore to the income-tax department and Rs 280 crore to airport operators.
DGCA has asked the airline to come up with a plan to clear these dues. "We have ordered them to ensure payment of salaries to employees on the seventh of every month and also asked them to discuss ways to clear the dues. We have also asked them to refund passengers, whose flights have been cancelled, within 15 days," said the official.
"No comment on dues. Daily audit (by DGCA) not true. We always pay salaries by the last day of month, November was (the) only exception and 85% paid already. We refund all cancellations typically within 7-10 days. And beyond 1 month booking limit we will be discussing with DGCA," Kapoor said in a text message.
Unless SpiceJet presents an action plan and gets back its slots, these will be allotted to other carriers thus leading to a loss in market share for the airline. SpiceJet, thanks to its low fares, had built market share rapidly this year, toppling Jet Airways as India's second-biggest carrier in July.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Express IT Awards: Felicitating the luminaries of tech industrypicture  others
Express IT Awards: Felicitating the luminaries of tech industry
Panelists on the Leadership & Innovation talks during the Express IT Awards in Bengaluru on Dec  5th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
S Ramadorai receiving the Lifetime achievement award at the Express IT Awards in Bengaluru on Dec  5th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
S Ramadorai, who got the Lifetime achievement award, with his wife at the Express IT Awards in Bengaluru on Dec  5th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Anant Goenka in conversation at the Express IT Awards in Bengaluru on Dec  5th 2014. Express photo by Ravi Kanojia.
Anant Goenka, director and head of Indian Express New Media, at the Express IT Awards in Bengaluru on Dec  5th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Winners of the Express IT Awards in Bengluru on Dec  5th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Related

Orion spacecraft marks dawn of new chapter in space exploration: USOrion spacecraft marks dawn of new chapter in space exploration: US
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Dec 5:  
The successful test flight of the Orion spacecraft is the dawn of a new chapter in space exploration, the White House today said after NASA’s unmanned spacecraft completed its first test flight.
“This is the dawn of a new chapter in space exploration. It certainly is an important milestone in achieving President (Barack) Obama’s bold vision of sending humans to an asteroid in the 2020s and onto Mars in the decade after,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told presspersons.
“Everybody here at the White House sends along our congratulations to the men and women of NASA and other commercial partners for this successful test launch, and we look forward to future milestones as we send our brave explorers out into the solar system,” Earnest said.
The Lockheed Martin-built Orion spacecraft gently splashed down into the waters of the Pacific Ocean at 11:29 a.m. EST, completing the first test flight of NASA’s deep space exploration capsule.
After a successful launch from Cape Canaveral, Florida aboard a United Launch Alliance Delta IV Heavy rocket at 7:05 a.m. local time this morning, Orion orbited the Earth twice, reaching speeds of 20,000 miles per hour and travelling through belts of intense radiation before enduring a fiery, 4,000 degree F re-entry into Earth’s atmosphere.
The Space Foundation congratulated NASA, Lockheed Martin, United Launch Alliance and the entire industry-government team involved with the successful first experimental test flight of the Orion spacecraft.
“The world is once again on a firm course of space exploration that will get us out of low Earth orbit, taking humans back to the Moon and on to Mars and beyond,” said Space Foundation Chief Executive Officer Elliot Pulham.
“As an early pathfinder for the Orion programme, EFT-1 represents a gutsy effort by the entire Orion team to test early, test often, and get ahead of the substantial risk involved with any new human rated system,” he added.
The flight is the first of a new US-built human rated space launch system since 1981, and the first time that a spacecraft built for humans has left low Earth orbit since 1972.
Orion is roomier and designed to go far beyond the moon: to an asteroid and eventually to Mars.
When it becomes fully operational, the spaceship will be able to carry four people on a 21-day mission into deep space or six astronauts for shorter missions.
Orion is expected to take up its first crew in 2021.
Senator Marco Rubio said the Orion launch marks an exciting new chapter for America’s space programme and for Florida’s continuing role as the nation’s spaceport.
“For many decades, people have come to Cape Canaveral from all over the world to look up at our Florida skies and see the power of American innovation expand our frontiers and prove that Americans can do anything,” he said.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

Consumers to get choice to select power discomConsumers to soon get choice to select power discom, says Piyush Goyal
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 15:05 IST
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal
In a significant power sector reform measure, the government on Saturday said it will soon make necessary amendments to the Electricity Act to allow consumers to choose their distribution company.
"Electricity Act has been in discussion for quite some time. The act was put up for stakeholders' consultation. We have received various suggestions", Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal told reporters in the national capital at a Confedaration of Indian Industry (CII) event.
"What we are looking at is allowing competition at last mile delivery so that consumers have a choice of supplier of electricity, it will also help states serve the people better", the Minister said.
Goyal assured that wherever there are existing power purchase agreements, the interests of stakeholders will be protected in consultation with certain benchmarks set by the regulator.
The Minister said competition will be encouraged at the last mile in the interest of keeping tariff low, competitive and for better customer service.
On being asked about allowing end users of electricity to select their own power distribution firm, Goyal said it will be done gradually, adding that it was tried in Maharashtra but due to some court decisions it couldn't go further.
There were some hurdles under the Electricity Act of 2003, he said when asked why the proposed model did not work in that state. We are trying to resolve those hurdles under the current amendment to the Electricity Act, he added.

Top al-Qaeda leader Adnan Shukrijuma killed in Pakistan military raidBy: Press Trust of India | Peshawar |
Posted: December 6, 2014 5:36 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 7:49 pm
The chief of al-Qaeda’s global operations, wanted by the US over a 2009 plot to attack the New York subway system, was killed in a raid in Pakistan’s restive tribal region, the country’s military said on Saturday.
Saudi-born Adnan Shukrijuma was killed in the Shinwarsak area of South Waziristan tribal district. “His accomplice and local facilitator were also killed in the raid,” said a statement by military’s Inter Services Public Relations.
Army said Shukrijuma was a member of the core al-Qaeda leadership and was in charge of its global operations. During the raid, a soldier was killed and another injured.
Shukrijuma was among the five men indicted in the US over a plot to bomb New York’s subway system under orders from al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan.
The New York indictment links him to the Manhattan plot and a similar never-executed scheme to attack British subways, according to media reports. The US has long said the Saudi native was a threat to America and put USD5 million reward for his capture.
In a 2003 report in the Washington Post said Shukrijuma as a possible terrorism organiser in the style of Mohamed Atta, the suspected ringleader of the September 11, 2001, attacks.
 
Following the killing of Shukrijuma, Chief of Army Staff General Raheel Sharif tweeted that all terrorists would be eliminated from Pakistan’s soil. “None will be spared.”
Pakistan military spokesman Major General Asim Bajwa tweeted: “Top al-Qaeda Comd Adnan Al Shukri Aljuma with his 1 companion killed by Pak Army raid in S Waziristan today.” He also tweeted that five “terrorists” were also arrested during the raid.
Shukrijuma had moved to South Waziristan to from North Waziristan Agency due to the ongoing Zarb-i-Azb military operation, the ISPR statement said.
The comprehensive military campaign against foreign and local militants was launched a week after a brazen insurgent attack on the country’s busiest airport in Karachi in June. The military say they have killed over 1,100 militants so far, with 100 soldiers losing their lives in the operation.
The mostly-lawless tribal areas that border Afghanistan have been a hideout for militants — including al-Qaeda and the homegrown Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) as well as foreign fighters such as Uzbeks and Uighurs.

I touched her and she turned gay: Gays answer frequently asked stupid questionsWritten by Parmita Uniyal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:47 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 5:49 pm
Thanks to certain babas, some controversial political outfits and of course the notorious section 377, Being Gay is not an easy thing in India. So when the SORTEDD team (Youtube channel) decided to head to the gay parade in New Delhi, they thought of posing some FASQs (Frequently asked stupid questions) to the LGBT community. And their replies are nothing short of classic.
Here’s listing some questions (FASQs) and their responses.
Q: HOW DO YOU BECOME GAY?
A: I ate something really wrong, and the next morning, I was puking rainbows
That’s because of Lady Gaga, you hear the song and you turn gay
Allergic reaction to spirituality. When you see Baba Ramdev, you want to be gay.
Q: IS BEING GAY CONTAGIOUS?
A: Sure sure, I touch her and she turns gay
Are you gay? (to the person who’s asking this question) You will be by the end of it
Growing up and watching gay people made me gay
Yeah, if I cough on you, you should go to the doctor immediately
I think it’s the infection worth giving
Q: DO YOU WATCH GAY PORN?
A: Saas bahu serials and watching Baba Ramdev is our porn
Q: WHY DON’T YOU JUST BECOME UN-GAY?
There is a whole process, first you have to go, take a bathe in Ganga and purify yourself
You have to go to Baba Ramdev’s rehabilitation camp
Watch the video here:

Land acquisition will be made easier: SitharamanLand acquisition will be made easier, assures Nirmala Sitharaman
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 18:58 IST
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman
Lending her ears to the industry on problems faced by it in acquiring land, Union Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Saturday said the government will consult all stakeholders to make the land acquisition law an enabler, rather than a stifler.
The Commerce and Industry Minister said that the industry has been voicing concerns that the existing Land Acquisition Act makes it almost impossible for them to acquire land.
"If that is how difficult it is made for acquiring land, certainly we are as a government committed to see what best can be done because it cannot stifle the very reason for which it has been brought. There is work going on, I am sure the government will come up with something in consultation with all stakeholders on how this Act can be made an enabler rather than a stifler", Sitharaman said at Indian Economic Conclave organised by ET Now in New Delhi.
The Land Acquisition Bill , which was passed during the previous UPA regime with then opposition BJP supporting it, seeks to set a fair compensation for farm land being taken over for industrial projects.
However, concerns have been raised from various quarters that the law has made land acquisition very difficult and was slowing projects.
Some states have also come out openly against the law, saying it had adversely impacted the process of acquiring land for infrastructure projects.
The Rural Development Ministry has already suggested a number of amendments to the Land Acquisition Act that will water down provisions such as mandatory consent of at least 70 per cent locals for acquiring land for PPP projects, and 80 per cent for private projects.

Researchers know what Santa really looks like  and his beard isnt whiteBy Peter Holley December 6 Follow @peterjholley
Using a facial reconstruction system and 3D interactive technology, British researchers have recreated the face of St. Nicholas (Photo Courtesy of LJMU)
Few lessons strip away a child’s innocence more forcefully than the earth-shattering realization that Santa Claus — not to mention his great big belly, those glorious flying reindeer and the sleigh full of shiny presents — is an unforgivable hoax of mythic proportions. The sensitive among us, from what I’ve been told, never really recover (sigh).
Thanks a lot, mom and dad.
But what if we told you that Santa — or at least the man who became the magical figure known as “Santa” — was not only a real guy, but a real guy whose 1,600-year-old face has been recreated for modern eyes? That would not be a lie. That would be the truth thanks to a pair of researchers working in the “face lab” at Liverpool John Moores University ‘s School of Art and Design. 
A 4th century bishop with a reputation for clandestine gifting, St. Nicholas relics can be still be found in Bari Cathedral in Italy, which has been a shrine since his death in the year 343. Caroline Wilkinson and Mark Roughley developed an image of  Nicholas using “all the skeletal and historical material available,”  according to the BBC , which also noted that sailors stole the remains in 1087 before returning them to Bari.
That information was fed into a facial reconstruction system and recreated using 3D interactive technology. The recreation even included Nicholas’ “severely” broken nose, giving him a slightly offset visage with a “rugged facial appearance,” researchers said.
“This is the most realistic appearance of St. Nicholas based on all the skeletal and historical material,” Wilkinson told Liverpool News . ““It is thrilling for us to be able to see the face of this famous 4th century Bishop.”
Among their more startling conclusions, researchers noted, is the that the original Santa Claus didn’t actually have his trademark white beard. Mediterranean heritage, Wilkinson told Liverpool news, means his beard would’ve turned grey with age, not white. No word on the glorious flying reindeer or the sleighs full of shiny presents, however.
Fingers crossed.
For more startling facts about the real life Santa,  click here .
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

Shah Rukh Khan  Priyanka Chopra share the  Got Talent  stageentertainment
Shah Rukh Khan, Priyanka Chopra share the ‘Got Talent’ stage
It was the occasion of the Got Talent World Stage Live and a bevy of BTown stars graced the stage with their presence. Approximately 10,000 people were present at the Andheri Sports Complex in Mumbai on December 7 to attend the do.
Seen here is Shah Rukh Khan arriving at the venue. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
SRK emerges out of his car. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Priyanka Chopra enters the venue in white and with minimal make up. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
And later turns into red hot diva. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Priyanka signs an autograph for one of her fans. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Jacqueline Fernandez is all smiles before she enthralled the audience with her performance. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Varun Dhawan also gave a special performance at the Got Talent Stage. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
'Zid' actress and Priyanka's cousin Mannara Chopra was also seen at the event. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Priyanka poses with her mother Madhu Chopra, Mannara and family. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Host and actor Manish Paul looked dashing at the event. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

FPI inflow in equities touches Rs 1 lakh crFPI inflow in equities touches Rs 1 lakh cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year, primarily on account of government’s reform agenda.
As per the latest market data, foreign investors have purchased equities worth Rs 9.60 lakh crore in 2014 so far, while they offloaded stocks to the tune of Rs 8.6 lakh crore during the same period, resulting into a net inflow of Rs 1 lakh crore ($16.57 billion).
These huge inflows included a net investment of Rs 4,032 crore so far in December itself.
While foreign investment in the equity market exceeded Rs 1 lakh crore mark in the past two years also, almost a month is still left in 2014 and the final tally for this year may be much higher.
According to market experts, improved fundamentals of the Indian economy, a decisive mandate to the BJP-led NDA at the Centre, and various reform measures announced by the government have caught the fancy of overseas investors (foreign institutional investors, sub-accounts and foreign portfolio investors).
They said that the global interest rate situation will be a key factor for future flows into India along with domestic growth indicators.
However, the inflow is significantly higher in debt compared to equities. Till date, it has attracted Rs 1.55 lakh crore ($25.6 billion).
Total net investment by foreign investors (debt and equity segments) into India so far this year have reached Rs 2.55 lakh crore ($42 billion).
Foreign investors had put in Rs 1.13 lakh crore in the country’s equity market during 2013 and Rs 1.28 lakh crore in 2012. Moreover, overseas investors had made a record net investment of Rs 1.33 lakh crore in 2010.
The strong inflows have helped push the BSE index Sensex by about 27 per cent so far this year.
Since the beginning of June, Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator SEBI to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs).
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Irony of social media: It both empowers & guts individualsIn the physical world, serious charges brought against innocent individuals have legal remedies. The cyberworld has no such panaceas.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Harish Nambiar
At the 2011 Jaipur Literary Festival, Turkish Nobel laureate Orhan Pamuk was asked one of those stupid questions that are occupational hazards for most writers. Was the theme of The Museum of Innocence that philosophical love is deeper than physical love? "That depends on the penetration," Sufi-land's Pamuk responded, pat, from all accounts.
But the good news is that the land of Kamasutra has started to score on penetration in the virtual playground of philosophical, physical and political love and hate that is the social media. India's online population will touch 283.8 million by 2016, overtaking the US at 264.9 million in the same period, according to US-based EMarketer. By 2018, India will have 346.3 million internet users compared with the US' 274.1 million. China will continue to retain its top slot with a little over 700 million by 2016 and 777 million by 2018, but most of the users will be much older than Indians.
A more gung-ho report by Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) and IMRB International predicts that India will overtake the US as the country with the world's second-largest internet user base before New Year Eve.
Ripple Effects
A majority of Indians are connected to the internet via their mobile phones, riding on broadband connections offered by telecom companies. It is a platform for reactive, knee-jerk responses supporting or declaiming lies and half-truths or innocuous happenings, all of which amplify into a cacophony. Often with disastrous results that leave lives shattered.
Two incidents in the last month are examples. A video of two sisters from Haryana's Rohtak showed some rarest of rare images: two brave young girls fighting off purported male molesters in a bus with belts. As soon as the video went viral, the state's newly elected chief minister announced a cash reward for the girls and hailed them as exemplars of women resisting demeaning male stalkers. In due course, it was announced that the sisters, Pooja (19) and Aarti (22) would be honoured at the Republic Day Parade.
If there was pathos in the Rohtak sisters warding off male cretins, there was bathos in a second video that too went viral and also involved a young woman — Aayenah Pahuja. She was anchoring the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) from Goa for the state-run Doordarshan (DD) and made some laughable gaffes including calling the governor of Goa the governor of India and failing to identify some of the biggest stars of the film festival whom she interviewed with inane questions. Pathos and bathos switched sides in a few days.
A series of updates on the girls from Rohtak, gleefully tagged Bravehearts, brought out a less heroic tale. The boys who were beaten up in the bus did not molest them but were pounced upon to settle an argument over bus seats. The Indian Army has already summarily rejected the youngsters from applying on the basis of the viral video and the outrage it evoked. The boys had cleared the preliminary tests but are now facing charges that may be false, if reports of several of the co-passengers of the bus are to be believed.
Thanks to the second video, Pahuja, 24, has been fired by DD. The mountain of ridicule she faced online has traumatised her to the point of feeling suicidal. "My career has been ruined. I am so distressed I have not eaten in four days. My family approached the cybercrime department so the video was taken off but new people keep uploading it," she said.
How does the state regulate the spontaneous outpouring of emotions on social media that affect private lives, often tragically?

Companies switch on two-way talk channelsHR heads share approaches and internal mechanisms that enabled their companies to enhance communication links.
ET SPECIAL:
Pepsico
Inculcating 'CEO' Behaviours
With D Shivakumar joining the food and beverage major as CEO last year, PepsiCo has built more frequent communication channels over the past year. "Various initiatives we are undertaking for culture change are aimed at driving engagement and inculcating CEO (Collaboration, Execution and Ownership) behaviours," says Samik Basu, chief HR officer.
'Lunch with the CEO' enables staff across levels to interact with Shivakumar. This year, the company launched a responsiveness survey through which all teams are rated on responsiveness every two months and the feedback is relayed to the organisation verbatim.
Through the Manager Quality Performance Index , direct reports give feedback on managers. And under 'Weekly Updates from Shiv', the CEO shares his observations, experiences, thoughts with employees in a weekly letter.
Vodafone
Their Voice
To get real-time opinions from the ground, Vodafone has its own People Survey Engagement Index & Manager Index. Through 'My Voice', the company collects feedback from new joinees — who could be brand new or a year old in the system — on recruitment, compensation, performance management, training and engagement.
"Employees make suggestions to the cross-functional senior management team in the forum captioned 'Voice of Customer'," says Ashok Ramchandran, director, HR at Vodafone India.
The company also runs the website Idea Space to encourage employees to share suggestions and ideas. A survey tool called 'Qualtrix' helps in gathering internal employee voices for short-term initiatives.
SapientNitro
Social Media Drive
SapientNitro is encouraging participation of employees on social media platforms to gather feedback.
The company recently organised the Social Media Week, 'Soiree', to encourage employees to increase their digital quotient. Sapient also launched an internal social business platform called Vox (voice of people) a few years ago. "Vox has made intra communication easy and efficient as it allows our existing people and new joinees spread across geographies to share advice, opinions, solutions and information about technology, design, development, trends, processes and personal interests," says Prashant Bhatnagar, director, hiring and staffing, SapientNitro India. The company also uses Vox for social communications, because it is able to easily elicit feedback on the business.
Philips
Chat Over Coffee
Over the past one year, through gaining feedback with employees from a mix of informal coffee corner sessions and frequent leadership meets, Philips has revamped some of its policies, like launching their own internal retail portal of discounted Philips products for staff.
The company has also tried to engage employees in groups through discussions on important business plans before notifying them on mails.
"For instance, to have more informed discussions on our global restructuring we reached out to employees through chats," says Krish Shankar, head of HR.
Townhall sessions are now promoted as coffee sessions. The company organises lunch sessions with leadership members who travel regional offices every month, and has an internal social portal called 'Connect Us'.
"'Connect Us' was launched about two years ago, and is especially popular with our technology teams in Bangalore. It allows them to post updates on their projects and other areas of interest," says Shankar.
Infosys
Radio Waves
An internal radio channel called InfyRadio serves a twin purpose of keeping employees informed about activities within the organisation and ensures they are motivated.
InfyBubble, Infosys' enterprise networking platform, provides social and professional networking among employees across time zones. "With likeminded people it serves as an energising break from day-to-day work," says Richard Lobo, head of employee relations at Infosys. It serves as a useful tool in communicating organisation information, and increasing leadership connect through online chats with the leadership, he adds.
YES Bank
Deeper Engagement
Tools like 'My Voice' provide executives with a simple online platform to log inquiries or grievances with in-built tracking and escalation for monitoring and follow-up. 'YES Connect' provides YES Bankers a platform to bond with colleagues and share best practices. Initiatives like 'New Joinee Feedback', 'Buddy Program' and participation in formal surveys help in transmitting employee voices. The 'Multi Source Assessment' 360 tool gives the company feedback about managers from reportees and peers.
"Organisations who listen to their employees and are transparent, create trustworthy relationships that breed loyalty," says Deodatta Kurane, group president, human capital management, YES Bank.

Work on social media skills to be a leaderWork on social media skills to be a leader
Dec 4, 2014, 12.57PM IST
Tags:
(Social media skills is like…)
By Neha Singh Verma, TimesJobs.com Bureau
According to a recent study, it takes only 300 tweets to know one's personality. So, when a recruiter is checking out your knowledge and skills on social platforms, they could also look for derailment factors like behaviour, interests and interaction style.
The idea is to make yourself socially visible to the influencers or recruiters of your dream job. To do this, you will need to find out which social communities do these influencers interact in. By engaging with this community in meaningful ways, you will create a presence and visibility for yourself, as an expert.
Being aware of how the social media works is not as easy as it sounds. It is more like building your personal brand strategy which involves balancing between giving too much information or giving too little information.
During a recent High-Tea session, a career chat platform powered by TimesJobs.com, Anmol Nautiyal, director, IBM Social Business & IBM Smarter Workforce, shared tips on getting your dream job using social media:
1.Building a Personal Brand: Today, it is essential for you to have a social presence and an online identity. Social Media sites and communities provide an opportunity to interact with your community members on topics of interest. Your contributions and influence on these communities increase through meaningful interactions and active participation. By being a regular contributor and by staying authentic to yourself in your interactions, you will slowly build your presence and personal brand.
2.Social Networking: Social is the new production line for knowledge workers. Social Networking provides you the ability to collaborate with other global experts inside and outside your organisation to become more productive, create knowledge and help create new ideas for the organisation. These are the attributes for differentiating high performing employees. By continually demonstrating these skills, you will progress thereby, increasing your influence and growth in the organisation.
3.Sustainability to Reach Top Positions: Social is a new skill for creating influence and reach. However, we also understand from new research studies that using social skills in their communication to engage their employees and external communities are more trusted by employees. Clearly, this is a sign of new leadership skills and organisations are looking for leaders with social skills.
4.Attracting Recruiters: Hiring managers are not just looking at social media profile of the candidates, they also look for overall social presence, which is a holistic view of social contributions and community influence. So, rather than just managing your social media profile, one should focus on continuous contributions and community engagement. Your online profile should have the latest view of your skills, capabilities and talents.
5.Design an Interactive CV: Social media is an excellent way to contribute to your professional communities. Depending upon your professional community, you will have to join specific social media groups. For example, LinkedIn could be a place for knowledge workers and YouTube for performing arts professionals. The opportunity here is to stay visible to your community by creating content which is useful for other community members or show-casing your ideas and projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Thirty years on  wounds from the disaster yet to heal(Take a walk through old Bhopal…)
By: Satya Krishnan
For centuries, the city of Bhopal, at the very geographic heart of India, was famous for its lakes, mosques, palaces, cuisine and the inimitable Begums who ruled this earlier state. Take a walk through old Bhopal and you would think that time has come to a stop here. A nondescript doorway leads you into an old haveli's courtyard. The walls of an ancient fort peek out from behind modern billboards.
The Taj-ul-Masajid, Asia's largest mosque, looms massively over the old quarter and the dainty domes of the Moti Masjid glint delicately in the sun. You can see people sitting quietly under the old trees in the 'khabaristans' while just outside the cemetery walls, small-time traders, chaiwallas and samosa wallas do brisk business.
But all this history was nearly obliterated on the night of December 2, 1984, when over 30 tonnes of deadly methyl isocyanate gas from the Union Carbide pesticide factory spewed into the atmosphere and killed at least 3,000 people in a few hours. Thirty years on, Bhopal is famous for that epochal event — the Bhopal Gas Tragedy — the world's worst chemical and industrial disaster.
Jamila Bi is a tiny, rotund woman. Dressed in a faded salwar-kurta, she was sitting outside her small home on Union Carbide road, keeping an eye on two toddlers. I am hardly the first outsider she has poured her heart and anger out to. In these 30 years, resignation has replaced anger but her memories of that night are still fresh.
"I was asleep inside when I heard a lot of screams coming from the street. When I looked outside, I saw lots of dead bodies fallen in the gutter, people running... the gas felt like someone had thrown chilli powder on my face." Bi and her husband were the few relatively lucky ones that night. A friend who worked for Union Carbide as a truck driver had told them that the factory used toxic substances and so in the case of a leak, they should cover their faces with a wet cloth.
Seething Anger
Despite this knowledge, Bi inhaled enough gas to give her internal complications for the rest of her life. What I had taken for rotundity was actually a bloated, puffy body. Her husband developed cancer soon after the leak and died eight years ago. The paltry compensation doled out by the government was used up a long time ago on medical bills. Bi's voice, fuelled by anger, reaches a crescendo and I am soon surrounded by three other women who vent their anger.
"Look at my skin," says Parvati Bai, thrusting her arms in my face. The skin has a crusty feel to it. She insists it became like that soon after the leak and no amount of treatment healed her. Meena and Lata, her neighbours, nod furiously in agreement. Most people in the bustees surrounding the factory have severe skin, eye, gynaecological and respiratory problems.
  The cause of all these problems is a pesticide factory. Today, it is a mere ghost of its former self but in 1969, when it came into existence, it was supposed to be the most sophisticated setup in the country. Covering nearly 24 acres, the plot housed various administrative buildings, a medical facility for workers, a huge shed to store packs of Sevin (the pesticide), two production units, various control rooms, guesthouses and a chemical lab. In the year of inception, the factory gleamed and glinted in the sunlight.
Today, it is one giant pile of rust. Weeds, thorny 'Ber' trees and lantana bushes abound. Creepers hang from overhead pipes, glass wool lies about in big piles, little balls of mercury drip from a tank above, huge beehives hang from metal rafters and the notorious Tank E610 that the gas spewed from has been engulfed by tall grasses. In the main control room, memento hunters have ripped the dials out; so all you see today is a metal wall full of holes and a small sticker pasted all those years ago that says "Safety is Everybody's Business".
In the early years, to work for Union Carbide India Limited (UCIL) was a matter of prestige. Now, nobody, not even US-based The Dow Chemical Company, which acquired Union Carbide, wants to be associated with it. Nobody is sure what to do with the rusting behemoth. While some NGOs and activists want a memorial as a warning against corporate crimes and to keep the memory of the incident alive, most survivors feel the opposite. "What exactly is the point of a memorial?" asks Mohan Kumar, a resident of Bafna colony. "Something should be started on the premises so that the people in the bustees find jobs."
Counting Deaths and Broken Lives
Taking stock of the tragedy 30 years on feels like a futile exercise at times. To start with, there is no way of knowing how many people died that night in 1984 or in the successive years simply because many of those affected were too poor to have even the basic forms of ID — a land title deed, birth certificate or ration card. JL Sankat, an official in the health ministry in 1984, puts the number of dead on the nights of December 2-3 at about 3,000.

It seemed as if a war had just ended: Photojournalist Raghu RaiRaghu Rai was already an established photojournalist when the Bhopal Gas Tragedy happened.  Of all the photos from the 1984 disaster, Rai’s are the ones people remember most.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Raghu Rai was already an established photojournalist when the Bhopal Gas Tragedy happened. Of all the photos from the 1984 disaster, Rai's are the ones people remember most. Rai's photo of a baby's face in the mud remains to this day the defining image of the catastrophe. In an interview with Satya Krishnan, Rai reminisces about the day he was called to cover the events and how he captured that crucial image in the nick of time. Edited excerpts:
Can you recount how you came to cover the tragedy
I was the picture editor with India Today and also representing Magnum photos from India. At about 12:30 am, I got a call from my editor saying that the gas leak is happening and that I should take a morning flight from Delhi to Bhopal. Barely half an hour later, I got a call from the Magnum office in Paris. So the whole world knew in the middle of the night that this was going on.
Did you ever expect the disaster to be of this magnitude?
No. We thought there must be some problem with the gas leak and the Union Carbide plant and people nearby must be trying to escape. But when we got there at 8-8:30 am, we drove towards Hamidia hospital . We were told that's the biggest hospital where they were bringing the dead but even on the way you saw dead animals, bloated bodies lying everywhere and people being carried to the hospital. So there was death all around. The feeling it gave you was as if a war had just ended. People were rescuing the sick and the wounded ones.
There must have been others from the media...?
A whole lot of us — the international press national press — they were thronging flights. Everybody was on that flight. We descended on the city looking for dead bodies, dying ones... like vultures.
Were you well equipped that day with cameras, rolls, equipment?
Basically, you don't carry too many cameras, too many lenses. Just your basic camera and lens and enough film for 5-7 days. Also, initially, while capturing the madness and intensity of the fallout, the first day you shoot a lot, then on the second day it comes down a bit because you have already captured so much. Then you try to analyse what is more important — so you are not shooting like a mad person on the third and fourth days!
In the case of Bhopal, did you let events unfold around you or did you go actively seeking the 'perfect shot'?
In a tragic situation such as Bhopal, where there were many deaths and so many still dying and sick, the situations themselves were so strong that you didn't have time to think or organise your image. Because everything was happening so fast. And emotionally, in terms of understanding the whole space, you just go on taking pictures. They reveal themselves so strongly because the fallout was so immense. Every minute was so intense.
How long were you there for?
I think about four days because ours was a fortnightly magazine at that time. Then also, the deadline for the western magazine was there so one could stay on for 3-4 days shooting everywhere.
The picture of the little child's face emerging out of the mud... how did that happen?
You see, the Hindus were burning their dead. There was mass cremation. There were huge piles of wood and bodies were put on top of that and then burned. The Muslims... their graves were almost like three-tier kind of graves... they were digging, putting a body, then some mud, another body, then some mud. This was the situation in that case. These two babies... actually I've got another photograph where there are two babies one below the other. This is the one that they were going to put the mud on. And the baby's eyes were open and that's why I thought it was moving and very touching because that innocent face, the opened eyes and the man's hand. I said, "Can you just move the mud a bit?" because they were about to bury them. So this is the one that became an iconic image for Bhopal.
Do you think back to Bhopal from time to time?
No! I don't believe in nostalgic nonsense — good or bad. Because life goes on and working for a newspaper for 10 years and then for magazines, I realised that news stories die a daily death. Today something happens and it is very important. Tomorrow something else happens... so it has been a lesson for me. The image you capture has to have its own strength and power of expression that it can stay alive for as long as people talk of this tragedy. As you photograph each situation, you don't compare. You just get into the intensity and expression of the situation — how strong it is coming along — and you try to capture that in its most raw and strongest possible way. But comparing is not a very good idea. Each theme has its own power and meaning for itself.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

MP government makes  Bhopal: A Prayer for Rain  tax freeMadhya Pradesh government makes 'Bhopal: A Prayer for Rain' tax free
By PTI | 4 Dec, 2014, 05.43PM IST
0
Share More
Set amidst the real-life Bhopal disaster that had occurred on December 2-3, 1984, the movie, directed by Ravi Kumar, is a narration of the story from perspective of a rickshaw driver in Bhopal, played by actor Rajpal Yadav.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BHOPAL: A film on the Bhopal gas tragedy of 1984, 'Bhopal: A Prayer for Rain', releasing in the country tomorrow, has been made tax-free in Madhya Pradesh.
Making announcement to this effect last night, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said the film was "very sensitive".
"Such tragedy should never take place in any city of the world and development should never take place at the cost of human being's existence," he said after watching its premiere at a local Cineplex on the occasion of 30th anniversary of the world's worst industrial disaster in which thousand of people lost their life following a gas leak from a factory.
Chouhan also praised the director and actors of the film for their "heart-rending" performance.
Set amidst the real-life Bhopal disaster that had occurred on December 2-3, 1984, the movie, directed by Ravi Kumar, is a narration of the story from perspective of a rickshaw driver in Bhopal, played by actor Rajpal Yadav.
Its crew include Tannishtha Chatterjee, Manoj Joshi, Martin Sheen, who plays the role of then Union Carbide chairman Warren Anderson, and Mishca Barton, a reporter.
The film was released in the US on November 7.

Illiteracy  of the minister-zaade: Shobhaa DeThis week was reserved for BJP Union minister 'Sadhvi' Niranjan Jyoti and her foul mouth. No amount of gargling with boric acid will cleanse that.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
This week was reserved for BJP Union minister 'Sadhvi' Niranjan Jyoti and her foul mouth. No amount of gargling with boric acid will cleanse that. Or her mind. She may have apologized but the fact that she uttered those words in the first place is shocking enough. An even more shocking aspect of this incident is this: are we really upset by what she said? As upset as we need to be? Or will we take her gutter language in our stride and move on? Will we also overlook Mamata Banerjee's crude 'bamboo' remark and put it down to yet another 'Didi outburst'? Are we getting so accustomed to vile language being spewed in public by prominent political players that we no longer react to these crude remarks with the abhorrence they demand?
The worst aspect of the 'Sadhvi' speech was Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu's weak attempt at justifying it by saying that she is 'a woman from an economically weaker background who has risen without all sorts of support." So? Can her modest beginnings be used to condone her atrocious remark? He added he had 'counselled' her and she had 'realized her mistake'. He then tried to put a lid on the controversy by declaring, "There the matter ends'. Oh no, it doesn't. If anything, there the matter begins!
Mamata has never needed anybody to either defend or counsel her — nobody would dare attempt it either. Nor would anything work in her case. Unlike Union Minister Niranjan Jyoti (the 47-year-old is minister of state for food processing industries), the West Bengal CM lays claim to many impressive college degrees, and on paper at least, is a highly educated person. Which makes one wonder what we mean by education these days! Is this the language used by 'educated' people? Should one start divorcing education from culture, upbringing, sensitivity, knowledge, and civilized conduct?
Look at the Sadhvi's track record — here's a person who has made it to this enviable position after winning from Fatehpur , a constituency which the erudite VP Singh had nurtured and won twice. Jyoti belongs to a community of boatmen — seen as an important votebank in the state. She was the only woman to be sworn into the 21 member council of ministers. It was believed she was being rewarded by the party for helping the BJP crack the dalit and backward classes in Uttar Pradesh.
Page 1 of 2

Shiv Sena gets just PWD & industries in key ministriesYou are here: Home > Collections > Portfolio
Shiv Sena gets just PWD & industries in key ministries
ET Bureau Dec 7, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Shiv Sena
(The Shiv Sena’s Diwakar Raote, Subhash Desai, Ramdas Kadam, Eknath Shinde and…)
MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena , which had clamoured for the water resources and home ministries, among other high-profile ministries in Maharashtra, had to be content with the public works department (PWD) and industries portfolios after the portfolio distribution in Mumbai on Saturday.
The ruling BJP kept the lion's share of major ministries in Maharashtra to its members. Senior BJP MLAs such as Girish Bapat and Girish Mahajan, who have been elected more than once, have been given prominence in the portfolio distribution. Subhash Desai and Eknath Shinde of the Shiv Sena, which joined the government on Friday, have been given the industries and PWD ministries, respectively.
The Shiv Sena's Diwakar Raote, Subhash Desai, Ramdas Kadam, Eknath Shinde and Deepak Sawant have been included in the ministry. Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis has kept the home, law, urban development and protocol departments to himself while finance remains with the BJP's Sudhir Mungantiwar. The water resources ministry, which the Sena was eager to take over, has been given to the BJP's Girish Mahajan while BJP's Prakash Mehta, who earlier handled industries, will now look after the housing, mines and labour ministries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

With SpiceJet wobbling  pilots flocking to other airlinesWith SpiceJet wobbling, pilots flocking to other airlines?
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 12.26PM IST
Tags:
airlines
(As many as 54 SpiceJet pilots…)
NEW DELHI: With budget carrier SpiceJet wobbling amid fund drought and the aviation regulator keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, the no-frill carrier's pilots are flocking to other airlines in search of a job, industry sources said.
As many as 54 SpiceJet pilots of the over 125 pilots who have quit the airline have already applied for a jobs in the two major airlines -- Jet Airways and IndiGo , the sources said.
"The exodus of pilots from SpiceJet continues in view of the prevailing uncertainty. Around 125 pilots have already quit the carrier so far and of them 54 have already applied for a job with Jet Airways and IndiGo," one of the sources said.
Of the 54 pilots, 40 have sought a job with Jet Airways, while the remaining have applied in the budget carrier IndiGo, the sources said.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run as a "going concern".
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA yesterday withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
The airline, however, in a statement yesterday, said that surrendering the unused slots to an airport operators was a routine practice and it had already paid November salaries to almost 85 per cent of the employees two days ago.
After reviewing the situation facing the no-frill carrier, DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a "convincing schedule" by 15 December to clear its over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies as well as stop taking bookings beyond one month among others.
As many as 93 arrival and 93 departure slots were withdrawn by DGCA as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September.
It may be mentioned here that civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
The regulator would now on also carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles, DGCA sources had said yesterday.
With reports of slashing of its Boeing fleet by about a third and operate 24 out of its current strength of 35 planes by the middle of next year, its officials said the decision to shrink was part of the airline's restructuring process and cutting costs.
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SpiceJet Pilots Flocking to Other Airlines: ReportSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Mumbai: Confident about India returning to 7 per cent growth path, top banker Aditya Puri has said that the government was serious about big economic reforms and "the proof of the pudding" will be a pick-up in investments.
Mr Puri, who heads the country's most valued private sector lender HDFC Bank, said the new government has already removed the governance roadblocks that were stifling India's true economic potential and it was working on "as big reforms as we possibly need".
He also justified the prevalent exuberance about the India story, saying it was very much real and he would rather be 'double exuberant'.
"We have got the right ingredients, we got the right government. We have identified the areas we want to work on and the government and business are collaborating. Why shouldn't everybody be positive about India? I am very positive," Mr Puri told PTI in an interview here.
"Where is the question of tempering exuberance? I want to double the exuberance. Its absolutely for real," he added.
Mr Puri, managing director of HDFC Bank, said India's economic growth rate was already among the highest in the world, while problems arising from a high current account deficit, a nagging problem of the past two years, has also been resolved.
"Other positives include control on the high fiscal deficit, which had led to some international rating agencies to threaten a rating downgrade, and a benign interest rate environment which will encourage investment," he added.
Mr Puri stated that such positives are attracting investors from abroad, helping the benchmark Sensex gain over 42 per cent since February to log new highs, and these factors should comfort us as well.
Mr Puri, who has been confident about fundamentals being intact when when economic growth rate slipped below 5 per cent mark, said the formation of a stable government has added to the "always strong fundamentals".
"What I was saying was our fundamentals are intact. There were issues of governance which were creating some roadblocks to our true potential. The fundamentals are still intact, and we are removing all roadblocks that were there and so my exuberance will only double," Mr Puri said.
Asked about big-ticket reform measures required in India, he said the government has taken decisions or shown progress on a number of fronts, such as Land Acquisition, Mineral Resources, Goods and Services Tax, Labour Reforms, Direct Benefit Transfer and Centre-State relations.
"These are as big reforms as we possibly need," he said, while adding that "the proof of the pudding" will be when the investment picks up.
"Even without that, with only administrative efficiencies, the GDP growth rate will inch up to the 6 per cent mark and once the investment does pick up, we will reach the seven per cent GDP growth mark," he said.
For two consecutive years, India has seen below 5 per cent GDP growth and many industry leaders had blamed a "policy paralysis" like situation and certain judicial decisions for this slowdown. However, the growth rate has begun to pick up and stood at 5.5 per cent growth in the first half of the current fiscal year.
Mr Puri, whose bank was last month allowed to raise foreign investment limit to 74 per cent from 49 per cent, also said that the government's decision to allow banks to raise long-term bonds for infrastructure lending, with a relaxation on the mandatory reserve requirements, were testimonies of the positive attitude of the government.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 13:59 (IST)

Come with proof  not for fishing expedition on black money: Swiss to India68
0
Mumbai: As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any 'fishing expedition' and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.
Switzerland's Ambassador to India Linus von Castelmur also said that the past cannot be undone, while promising full support of his country in cases where at least some proof is provided on tax frauds.
He, however, agreed that all the money deposited in Swiss banks might not have always been 'taxed money' in the past, as Switzerland was a major destination for several decades when money would flow in from different sources.
Switzerland Ambassador said cooperation by Swiss authorities cannot take place on the basis of stolen lists of account holders.
#black money #india #switzerland #swiss accounts
The Ambassador said cooperation by Swiss authorities cannot take place on the basis of stolen lists of account holders and would need independent probes by Indian agencies and at least a prima facie proof of tax frauds.
"We understand and appreciate India's concerns on the matter. We need clear understanding on the issue," Castelmur said.
"I think one part of the issue is dealing with the past and Switzerland was destination for several decades where money flowed in from difference sources and that was no always a tax money," he said.
"When we look from present and future, we see that problem will be solved," said Castelmur, who was here for an award function where industrialist Azim Premji was given a Swiss honour for inspirational and socially responsible leadership.
The issue of black money suspected to be stashed abroad, including in Swiss banks, has been a matter of intense debate in India for years.
The matter has been in focus recently with the Opposition parties accusing the government of going back on its promise to bring back black money from overseas within 100 days of its coming to power.
A Supreme Court monitored Special Investigation Team is looking into ways to tackle the black money menace, while the government recently said it has reached a major breakthrough in the form of a new agreement with the Swiss authorities for cooperation on sharing of details about alleged black money holders in Swiss banks.
46

Pakistan  China among top 10 worst countries for Internet freedomDec 07, 2014 at 01:45pm IST
Pakistan, China among top 10 worst countries for Internet freedom
46
3
Islamabad: Pakistan is among the 10 worst countries along with Iran and China on the index of internet freedom, according to a global survey released today.
Freedom House released its 'Freedom on the Internet 2014' report, which surveyed 65 countries and listed the index on obstacles to internet access, limits placed on internet content, and violations of internet user rights.
It showed Pakistan at 10th position, one step down from the 11th worst in 2013, an increase in the restrictions imposed on the internet.
Majority among the top ten worst countries are from Asia, including Iran, Syria, Uzbekistan, Vietnam, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia and Pakistan.
#internet #internet freedom #pakistan #china
Its gradual fall during the past four years continues when it was 13th from the bottom in 2011.
Majority among the top ten worst countries are from Asia, including Iran, Syria, China, Uzbekistan, Vietnam, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia and Pakistan.
Only Cuba and Ethiopia are two others non-Asian among the top ten, placed at fourth and fifth positions.
The report cites cases of internet abuse in 2014 including killing of three persons for being gay by a man who used social media to identify their sexual orientation.
It says a judge in Punjab sentenced a Christian couple to death for blasphemy in relation to a text message they deny sending, while a lawyer defending a professor for alleged blasphemous FaceBook post was killed.
The report shows that the limitations on content were unchanged and the popular video-sharing YouTube remained blocked on government orders since September 2012.
Nighat Daad of the Digital Rights Foundation, which collaborated in the preparation of report, said internet censorship does not augur well for the democratic system of the country.
"Pervasive and increased government control on the internet whether in form of censorship or with new surveillance tactics, is limiting freedom of expression and amplifying self-censorship among the internet users in Pakistan," she said.
28

Aadhaar to improve delivery of poverty elimination schemesAadhaar to improve delivery of poverty elimination schemes
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 07.31PM IST
Tags:
AADHAAR
(The Aadhaar programme has…)
NEW DELHI: The Aadhaarprogramme has the potential to improve targeting of poverty elimination social sector schemes as per a World Bank report, Parliament was informed today.
"The World Bank Global Monitoring Report 2014/2015 titled 'Ending Poverty and Sharing Prosperity' states that in India, the introduction of unique, official identity number (the Aadhaar programme) aims to improve the delivery of government services, reduce fraud and corruption, facilitate robust voting processes, and improve security," Planning Minister Rao Inderjit Singh said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha.
The minister was replying to a question whether in a recent report, the World Bank has "flagged" India's Initiative in targeting poverty alleviation schemes through its unique identity (Aadhaar) programme.
The minister said that the Information and Communication Technology has the potential to be powerful tool in the fight against global poverty and in boosting shared prosperity.
The report also mentions that "New poverty estimates for 2010 and 2011 show a notable decline in extreme poverty. In part this decline reflects newly available household surveys that show much lower poverty rates. For example, India's poverty headcount fell by 10 percentage points within two years (from the National Sample Survey, or NSS, 2009/10 to NSS 2011/12)," he added.
In a bid to improve the delivery of various benefits of social sector scheme and subsidies, government has planned to use Aadhaar database.
The government recently advanced the deadline for covering entire population under the Aadhaar projects to March next year from earlier deadline of Jume 2015.
The Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ) implementing the Aadhaar projects has already generated UID numbers for over 70 crore residents so far.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt invites suggestions for successful completion of Jan-DhanAn official statement said that in Madhya Pradesh, 49.96 lakh new households were covered and 58.64 lakh accounts were opened.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Government today invited suggestions from public for the successful completion of ambitious financial inclusion programme, Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana .
Suggestions can be given on www.mygov.in even as 8.39 crore accounts have been opened under the scheme as on December 1.
Meanwhile, Madhya Pradesh has reported 100 per cent saturation (coverage of all households with at least one bank account) as on November 30. There were 1.53 crore Households of which 1.03 crore Households were having bank accounts.
An official statement said that in Madhya Pradesh, 49.96 lakh new households were covered and 58.64 lakh accounts were opened.
Goa, Kerala, Tripura and Union Territories of Chandigarh, Puducherry and Lakshadweep and 19 districts of Gujarat had already covered all households under PMJDY with at least one bank account, it added.
It further said 8.39 crore accounts have been opened under PMJDY as on December 1, 2014 and RuPay Cards have been issued in 5.32 crore accounts.
As per survey results, 85.20 per cent household coverage has been achieved, the statement added.

HIV on wane but millions of sex workers live on the edgeBREAKING NEWS
HIV on wane but millions of sex workers live on the edge. Is legalising prostitution the solution?
By Rajiv Singh , ET Bureau | 7 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
HIV may be on the wane, but there are still millions of sex workers who have little choice but to live on the edge.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Sonia wants to look like Yami Gautam, the brand ambassador of Fair & Lovely cream. No wonder there is a big poster of Gautam hanging on the front wall, the only piece of interior decor in her house.
"Mujhe gori dikhna hai kyonki meri value badd jayegi (I want to look beautiful. This will increase my value)," says 26-year-old Sonia, who is popular among her friends in the twostoried building where she stays as 'Bipasha'.
"It's because of my wheatish complexion," she chuckles, as she takes me towards her room. There is barely space for two to sit in her cage-sized, dingy room. There is no ventilation, maybe that's why it's stinking.
There's a bed that resembles a stretcher, a small lamp that emits just enough light to recognise a face, and a bottle of water on a small stool, lying next to the bed. If there's one thing that's in abundance in Sonia's room, it's sachets. "Abhi room saaf nahin kiya hai (I haven't cleaned the room yet)," she says in an apologetic tone. "Lekin mujhe apne kaam main koi sharam nahin hai (But I am not ashamed of my work)."
Sonia is a sex worker in New Delhi's GB Road red-light area; and the sachets spread in her room are not of fairness cream but of condoms. With over 20.89 lakh people estimated to be living with HIV/AIDS in the country — the third highest count in the world — the picture looks grim. But the silver lining is a fall in new cases. From 2.74 lakh in 2000 to 1.16 lakh in 2011, there has been a 57% drop in new HIV infections among the adult population, according to the latest annual report of the National AIDS Control Organisation (Naco).
So, does this statistic — coupled with the sachets strewn across Sonia's shanty — suggest that the Indian male has shrugged off his reluctance to don the rubber? Well, the numbers suggest so. But Sonia isn't sure.
Talking of Pleasure
"Some customers use condoms but most still don't want to," she says. "Kehte hain paisa diya hai mazza ki liye, toh bina condom ke karenge (They say that they have paid to have sex for pleasure and so won't use condoms)," adds Sonia who came to one of the kothas (brothels) at Swami Shradhanand Marg in 2007 from West Bengal. "Nobody calls it Swami Shradhanand Marg. It's GB Road," she says.
That's how the world knows it. GB (which expands to Garstin Bastion) Road, one of India's largest red-light areas, is home to an estimated 38,000 sex workers who live in inhuman conditions in multi-storey brothels. Overall, there are 13 lakh female sex workers in the country.
Isn't Sonia scared of contracting AIDS or HIV by opting for unprotected sex? "I know it's risky and I even try to explain it to them. But beyond a point I can't insist as I will lose my customers." As an afterthought she adds: "I still don't have AIDS." Cut to Pandav Nagar in east Delhi. Babli, one of the 70,000 transgenders/hijras in the country, is sitting with her friends at Pahal Welfare Society office, an NGO working for the welfare of transgenders.
The 22-year-old works part-time at the NGO as a peer educator. Her job is to spread awareness about condoms among transgenders, one of the groups most vulnerable to HIV infections. "People in my community are more aware about the need to use condoms," she says, adding that she is not into sex work unlike most of the transgenders.
But the problem is customers don't want to use condoms, says Babli. "They say condoms toh bachhe rokne ke liye hota hai aur hijre to paida nahin kar sakte, phir condom kyon (condoms are meant to avoid pregnancy and since transgenders can't reproduce, so why use condoms)." However, Babli faces another problem, a more serious one, while spreading awareness about HIV. There are many, she points out, who are not scared of HIV. "Many have been leading a healthy life even after contracting HIV. So others too don't want to lose customers by senselessly insisting on using condoms," she says.

Non-prevalent  10 states see rise in HIV patientsHIV
(The number of HIV patients…)
NEW DELHI: The number of HIV patients has registered an increase in states where it was earlier being considered to be non-prevalent with 10 such states together accounting for 57 per cent of new infections in 2012.
According to a report compiled by National Aids Control Organisation ( NACO ) and Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), although HIV prevalence declined at the national level, a reverse trend was seen in certain states like Odisha, Jharkhand, Punjab, Assam and Uttarakhand where HIV prevalence earlier was considered to be low.
Titled 'India HIV Estimates-2012', the report points out that the 10 low-prevalence states of Odisha, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal, Gujarat, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan, Punjab and Uttarakhand together account for 57 per cent of new infections.
"On the other hand, the six high prevalence states account for only 31 per cent of the 1.16 lakh estimated new infections in 2011 among adults," says the report. These states are Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Manipur, Nagaland and Tamil Nadu.
Indicating a positive trend in these states, it mentions that the adult HIV prevalence declined in these states during the period of 2007-2011.
"India has done well overall but if you look state by state, there are varying trends," said UNAIDS India Country Coordinator Oussama Tawil.
"Previously, HIV prevalence in parts of northern India was thought to be low. One example of this is the state of Punjab, where the problem is particularly related to injecting of drugs," he added.
Migration from rural areas to high prevalence areas and higher prevalence among pregnant women with migrant spouses have also been identified as possible reasons for such trends.
"Low levels of HIV among high risk groups in these states, large volume of out-migration from rural areas to high prevalence areas, higher prevalence in rural than urban population and among pregnant women with migrant spouses indicate the possible role of migration in fuelling HIV epidemics in these states," the report says.
India has the third largest HIV population in the world with approximately 2.1 million people suffering from it, but there are only eight lakh people who are undergoing Anti- Retroviral Therapy (ART) treatment, according to official data.
On World AIDS Day, Union Health Minister JP Nadda had sought the people's involvement to meet the global goals of zero new infection and death from HIV/AIDS. He had also stressed on raising awareness and boosting preventive methods as the key to the success of the mission.
However, the report notes that the programme has to customise its strategies to effectively address the emerging vulnerabilities and adapt them to suit the requirements of different geographical regions.
"Till the last surveillance round which is till 2011, there has been either a stabilisation or a drop in the key populations at national level," said Tawil, while explaining the overall data.
The next trend surveillance round is slated to be held by mid-next year which will indicate if the trends have changed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

10 thalassemic children in Pak get HIV due to transfusionYou are here: Home > Collections > Hiv
10 thalassemic children in Pak get HIV due to transfusion
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 12.35PM IST
Tags:
deadly virus
(The news about the children…)
ISLAMABAD: At least 10 Pakistani children suffering from thalassemia have tested positive for the HIV virus after allegedly receiving a transfusion of infected blood.
The news about the children aged between 5 and 16 getting the deadly virus due to negligence of medical staff sent shockwaves through the healthcare community yesterday.
Dr Yasmin Rashid, secretary general Thalassemia Federation of Pakistan , confirmed the children got HIV due to infected blood transfusion, Dawn reported.
She said that all the children had tested positive for HIV, but she was unwilling to lay blame on any specific individual, saying that several people in Pakistan have been given unsafe transfusions.
Ministry of National Health Services set up fact finding committee while Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS) offered free treatment for the children.
According to PIMS Vice Chancellor Dr Javed Akram, six of the children belonged to the twin cities of Islamabad and Rawalpindi.
Thalassemia is a hereditary blood disorder that prevents the production of haemoglobin, the protein in red blood cells which carries oxygen to all parts of the body.
Anyone afflicted with the disorder needs regular red blood cell-infusions.
"I lobbied very hard for the promulgation of the Blood Transfusion Act nearly 10 years ago, but the law was never implemented properly. As a result, several people are given tainted blood and infected with diseases such as HIV and hepatitis, among others," Rashid said.
The government should act immediately due to the sensitive nature of the issue, Akram said.
"Private clinics and other organisations have been spreading death and they need to be stopped immediately. I fear many more could be affected," he said.
Ayesha Abid, president of Thalassemia Awareness and Prevention in Pakistan (TAPP), was also quite upset over the incident.
"Blood is life for a thalassemia patient; they need transfusions between one and three times a month. Their parents must ensure that they only get screened blood," she said.
Minister for National Health Services Saira Afzal Tarar said she had instructed the DG Health to submit a detailed report and that a fact-finding committee would be set up to fix responsibility for this tragedy.
She also promised action against unregistered blood banks and those who sold unscreened blood.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US immigration rules to help up to 1 70 000 IndiansUnder Barack Obama's new immigration rules, upto 1,70,000 illegal Indians in US will benefit
Dec 7, 2014, 09.00AM IST
Tags:
(A large number of Indians…)
By: Sam Jillela
WASHINGTON, DC: Sundar Rao and his wife, Suma, along with their two children, Radha and Rama, arrived in the US on tourist visas in the summer of 2003. After overstaying their six-month visa period, the Raos fell "out-of-status", in the parlance of the US Citizenship and Immigration Services, and eventually became undocumented immigrants.
Under the current rules, the 49-year-old Sundar and Suma, 44, are candidates for deportation, just like most of the over 11 million other undocumented immigrants living in this country.
Help has come their way with US president Barack Obama's sweeping executive order on immigration two weeks ago, which gives protection from deportation to parents of American citizens and green card holders, provided they have been in the country since January 1, 2010.
The reason the Raos can now stay in the US and pursue a green card and eventual citizenship is Radha, their elder daughter, who is now an American citizen after her marriage to a US national.
Protection from Deportation
Rao and Suma will be among the thousands of undocumented immigrants who will be protected from deportation under the executive order. Based on estimates by the Pew Research Center, a Washington-based think tank, the executive action would provide relief to as many as 1,70,000 Indians who are in the US illegally. An additional, 13,500 are protected from deportation even under the current law.
According to Pew, there are 4,50,000 undocumented immigrants from India. In terms of percentage, Indians are the second largest beneficiaries after the Mexicans. Roughly, 44% of the 5.9 million Mexicans will benefit, they will "account for two-thirds of those who will be eligible for deportation relief under Obama's executive action", according to Pew.
A large number of Indians will also get a reprieve from having to leave the country through another provision of the Obama's order, which allows the spouses and children of green card holders to apply for a waiver from the illegal status — and eventually to apply for green card — without leaving the US.
Delhi-born Mukul Trivedi (name changed) will benefit from this specific ruling. The 33-year-old Northern Virginia resident came to the US in 2005 with an entertainment group on a P-1B visa. After he decided not to return to India with the troupe, he became an unauthorised immigrant. Two years ago, he married a legal permanent resident.
Trivedi doesn't have to go back to India to fix his immigration status. Previously, he was required to leave the country and reapply if he wanted to return to the US, and he would have been banned for up to 10 years. Both Rao and Trivedi welcomed the executive order. "It is a real Thanksgiving gift," Trivedi said.
  An Economic Force
One remarkable aspect of the Pew study was the presence of a remarkably high number of illegal immigrants from India. The department of homeland security revealed in 2012 that there were 2,60,000 unauthorised immigrants from India in that year.
The Pew estimate of 4,50,000 would make India the source of the fourth-largest unauthorised immigrant population after Mexico (5.9 million), El Salvador (6,75,000) and Guatemala (5,25,000). Experts say there is a marked difference between a majority of illegal immigrants from India and those from the Hispanic world. Most Hispanic undocumented immigrants came to the US illegally by crossing the border.
"Most of the so-called undocumented Indians in this country became 'undocumented' because they are out-of-status," says Johnson Myalil, an immigration attorney with High-Tech Immigration Law Group, based in Reston, Virginia. "Most of them came here legally, for education, for employment or as tourists."
Myalil says the undocumented population includes many tech workers who came on H-1B and L1 visas but ended up losing status as a result of strict USCIS rules regarding transfer of visas. If a foreign worker who is on an H-1B visa loses a job, he or she must find another employer and transfer the visa within a specific time period. A substantial number of Indians who lost their jobs during the Great Recession were unable to find another job before they lost the visa status.
Myalil adds that many undocumented Indians, who lost status, have done well despite their immigration. "Many of them have nice houses, cars and investment," he said. "They are an economic force." However, among the undocumented, there are also Indian nationals who entered the US by crossing Mexican and Canadian borders. The Associated Press reported in July 2011 that between October 2009 and March 2011, the US Border Patrol had "detained at least 2,600 illegal immigrants from India, a dramatic rise over the typical 150 to 300 arrests per year".
Similarly, a significant number arrives through Canada as well. One of the reasons New Hampshire, the ninth smallest US state in terms of population, has more than its fair share of undocumented Indians is its proximity to Canada. The state shares a border with the Canadian province of Quebec.
(Global News Wire)

Land swap pact with B desh to help check illegal immigrationAssam
(BJP MPs from Assam defended…)
NEW DELHI: Three BJP MPs from Assam today defended the central government's decision to go ahead with a land boundary agreement with Bangladesh saying the pact will help check illegal immigration from across the border.
Ramen Deka, Kamakhya Prasad Tasa and R P Sharma said West Bengal , Tripura and Meghalaya have already given their nod to the agreement and when it comes into force, it would help seal the Indo-Bangla border in Assam completely and stop illegal movement of people.
"While Bangladesh will get 268 acres of land Assam in return will get 231 acres. The people who reside in the areas which will go to Bangladesh have said that they are Bangladeshi nationals and want to stay with that country. So, we are not going to lose anything," Tasa said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had at a meeting in Guwahati on Sunday said India would soon formalise the land boundary agreement with Bangladesh that will ensure exchange of enclaves between the two countries.
Modi's announcement was opposed by several social, political and students organisations and staged protests across Assam.
The BJP MPs also said NDA government will soon unveil a new target-oriented industrial policy to attract investment to the Northeast.
Deka said the North East Industrial and Investment Promotion Policy (NEIIPP) 2007 expired in September 2014 and hence the new policy will come hopefully by March 2015.
Tasa said a delegation of BJP MPs from Assam yesterday met Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman who said she would soon visit Guwahati to have detailed discussions with MPs from the region.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Republican-led House blocks Barack Obama s immigration planIn a symbolic rebuke to US President Barack Obama's unilateral action on immigration, the House of Representatives voted Thursday to block his plan.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: In a symbolic rebuke to US President Barack Obama's unilateral action on immigration, the Republican-led House of Representatives voted Thursday to block his plan to shield millions of people from deportation.
The bill, which passed 219-197 along party lines, was introduced by conservatives furious with what they consider Obama's abuse of power when he announced his executive order last month.
But it is unlikely to reach the floor of the Senate, where Obama's Democrats remain in control through the end of the year before a Republican majority takes over in January.
The White House has also threatened a veto. Congressional leaders hope however that the bill will be sufficient to placate far-right Republicans and prevent a government shutdown that would begin late next week if Congress does not approve a federal spending bill.
Republicans have steamed since November 20 when Obama announced executive action that would provide three-year work permits and legal residency for up to five million people currently living in the shadows.
Seventeen states including Texas have filed suit against the Obama administration over the immigration plan, and House Speaker John Boehner said Thursday his Republican Party continues to mull legislative options for countering the president's action.
Many Republicans saw Thursday's bill as the first step toward restoring the balance of power in Washington and repelling a policy they blast as unconstitutional "amnesty" for millions of illegal immigrants.
"Two weeks ago, President Obama declared war against the Constitution by changing our immigration laws on his own, and Congress today began its fight against this unprecedented power grab," said House Judiciary Committee chairman Bob Goodlatte.
Immigration reform advocates struck back, gathering outside the US Capitol with top House Democrat Nancy Pelosi to call House Republicans to account, including for killing a comprehensive immigration reform bill that passed the Senate last year with bipartisan support.
"Will (Republicans) advance real solutions, or will they leave town reaffirming once again a mass deportation strategy?" asked Clarissa Martinez-De-Castro, deputy vice president of the National Council of La Raza.
In issuing its veto threat, the White House budget office said the bill would have "devastating consequences" including deportations that would separate undocumented workers from their US citizen children.
"It would also make it more difficult for immigration officials to conduct background checks (and) for undocumented workers to help the economy by paying taxes," it added.

Country s linguistic glue is Bollywood  not SanskritCountry's linguistic glue is Bollywood, not Sanskrit
By S A Aiyar, TNN | 7 Dec, 2014, 12.48PM IST
Smriti Irani acknowledges that India's three-language formula leaves the choice of a third language to each state, so Sanskrit cannot be imposed on any state. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Education Minister SmritiIrani has decreed that KendriyaVidyalayas (schools for children of government officials) cannot teach German as a third language (in addition to Hindi and English), and must teach Sanskrit instead.
RSS groups like Sanskrit Bharati want Sanskrit made compulsory in all schools. This will evoke strong opposition, especially in parts of the South that associate Sanskrit with north Indian imperialism.
Irani acknowledges that India's three-language formula leaves the choice of a third language to each state, so Sanskrit cannot be imposed on any state. Yet this is demanded by Ashok Singhal of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad . He says: "Sanskrit is the language of this country. Everything was written in Sanskrit thousands of years ago. If you want to eliminate it, you will eliminate this country."
History books have long said that Sanskrit was brought in by Aryan invaders who wiped out the languages of the original Indus Valley civilization. Recent genetic research has cast doubt on this invasion narrative, but the Aryan-Dravidian divide remains embedded in the consciousness of most Indians, and influences their world views. Whether or not there was an invasion there was certainly movement: West Asia and Europe have unmistakable Aryan and Sanskrit roots too.
Most Indian languages have Sanskrit roots, though not Tamil. Tribals across large parts of India have never heard of Sanskrit. Gujarati, Bengali and other languages may have Sanskrit associations, but Bengali and Gujarati speakers are in no way diminished if they never learn Sanskrit. That's the case in Europe too, where Latin is the root of most languages, but no European is diminished by not knowing Latin.
Pure Sanskrit was the language of the Brahminical elites, not of the masses (like Latin in Europe). The use of both languages died out, probably because of the change in the power of religious elites. Some people dislike calling these dead languages. But if not dead, they are at best marginal languages, relevant mainly for scholars and priests.
This must not be construed as criticism of Sanskrit or Latin. Both are great historical languages that produced great literature. But that is irrelevant to a modern school curriculum. There is no more reason to make Sanskrit compulsory in India than Latin in Europe. Sanskrit is surely worthy of scholarship. But many of the best Sanskrit scholars have long come from Europe, not India. This drives home the fact that Sanskrit is not an Indian language but an international language once used by elites across Europe and West Asia. Hitler gloried in being Aryan. So did the Shah of Iran.
Chauvinists like Singhal see Hindi and Sanskrit as necessary to bind India together. But many in the South view Hindi and Sanskrit as a form of North Indian imperialism that can split India apart. Back in 1965, Tamil Nadu rebelled against the attempt of New Delhi to abolish the use of English and make all states use Hindi instead. Violent anti-Hindi riots cost hundreds of lives, and New Delhi had to back down. This propelled the DMK to power in Tamil Nadu in 1967, and the Congress Party could never bounce back. The BJP is not the only source of linguistic chauvinism: the Congress and many regional parties have chauvinists too.
Page 1 of 2

Google s new Device Assist app helps you fix smartphone issues  suggests better phone usageDec 07, 2014 at  02:43pm IST
Google's new Device Assist app helps you fix smartphone issues, suggests better phone usage
49
3
New York: A new Google app, Device Assist , has been launched to detect problems with smartphones and help people use phone features properly.
The app is designed to help first-time users get the best out of their phones and fix issues that it detects, for instance, with the battery, connectivity and GPS. Tips "to explore new features and improve the performance of your device" are also on offer, says the app description on Google Play Store.
For users of the Nexus, Google's flagship phone and Google Play edition devices, there is also an option of live Google support.
The Device Assist app is designed to help first-time users get the best out of their phones and fix issues that it detects, for instance, with the battery, connectivity and GPS.
#google #device assist #app #android
The app is currently available to US-based Nexus, Google Play edition and Android One devices running Android 5.0, Lollipop.
"Great for people who aren't quite so tech savvy! I'm suggesting this to all my family who constantly ask me to help them with their devices," a user said.
There are explanations of features that first-time Android users might not know about, like "screen brightness setting is battery intensive", to help users get the hang of their devices.
16

Micro Pension Foundations Gift-a-Pension initiativeCholamandalam
(India’s burgeoning middle…)
This September, A Mary, 47, got something she never thought she ever could — not a car or a home but a pension. A house help and a mother of two whose husband is a driver, Delhi-based Mary always viewed a pension as something only the affluent could afford — until her employer Kurt Strasser, a senior sector specialist at German development bank KfW, brought it within her reach.
Mary is a beneficiary of the Micro Pension Foundation's Gift-a-Pension initiative. Every month, Strasser gives her Rs 500 extra cash as part of her salary that she deposits in her pension account via one of the 2.5 lakh designated outlets. The Micro Pension Foundation has tie-ups with companies such as Eko, ItzCash and PayWorld, and when Mary deposits the money at one of these outlets, it gets credited instantly, with an SMS confirmation. "Old-age care is a challenge facing India. Gift-a-Pension is an excellent initiative to make a pension product accessible to lowincome Indians," says Strasser.
Gift-a-Pension is a first of sorts in the world, where a low-cost financial product has been created for the poor. It is also relevant in a country where over 90% of some 487 million workers are in the unorganised sector. Moreover, India has over 100 million who are over 60, and not even a tenth of them have access to a pension product.
At a time when the government is laying a thrust on financial inclusion, Gift-a-Pension demonstrates an efficient mechanism to deliver a financial product to India's poor. "It is a great initiative. No financial product today in India addresses this segment. High transaction costs for low-value products are a big deterrent. Micro Pension Foundation has done something that was difficult to do," says YSP Thorat, a former chairman of National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development and a board member of Micro Pension Foundation.
Gift-a-Pension is targeted at over 35 million domestic workers (maids, cooks, cleaners, drivers and the like) who earn enough to make ends meet but not enough to create a financial cushion for the autumns and winters of their lives. Whilst the facilitators of the scheme are employers, they don't need to worry about being weighed down by the scheme's financial and logistical burden.
The key role of the employers is at the beginning — understanding and explaining the product details and enabling online enrollment. Their co-contribution to the pension account is optional. And the product is structured such that illiterate workers can easily manage it even as they change employers and switch cities.
 
Sound Start
Launched in September, the response has been encouraging with over 1,000 employers registering so far. Over 350 have gifted a pension to their domestic help. Most of the enrollments are from Delhi / National Capital Region (91%), with Bengaluru (5%) and Mumbai (4%) bringing in the rest, says Parul Khanna, associate director, Micro Pension Foundation. Most of the beneficiaries are maids (45%), followed by drivers (27%) and cooks (13%). So far, almost half of the enrollments have been made using Aadhaar as proof of identity. Over 70% prefer monthly saving and 38% are putting away over Rs 500 monthly into their pension account. About 10% of the employers have also set up a systematic investment on their credit cards for automatic deductions. "I have enrolled my maid of eight years. I helped her enroll and paid the Rs 300 sign-up fee. Now, she takes care of it," says Mumbai-based Sonali Mehta-Rao, co-founder, MelaArtisans.com.
The Gift-a-Pension scheme has a helpline that is open from 8.30 am to 6.40 pm on all working days, with a staff of 20 in Pune and Bengaluru that can take queries in 14 regional languages. The man behind Gift-a-Pension is Gautam Bhardwaj, director of Micro Pension Foundation, for whom the scheme has been a gleam in the eye since 1990. The think-tank he founded, Invest India Economic Foundation, was the main architect of the National Pension System (NPS), which was rolled out by the government in 2004 for its workers. For the next five years, he worked with the government to open up NPS for all.
In 2010, after World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB) funded pilots, Bhardwaj helped launch NPS Lite for the low-income segment. Alongside, he set up Invest India Micro Pension Services that worked with cooperatives and federations like SEWA and today has over 1 million pension accounts. He also worked with state governments like Rajasthan to help develop a co-contribution pension product where the government chips in Rs 1,000 a year. This plan was later adopted by the central government and rolled out as Swavalamban scheme — a pension scheme for the unorganised sector.

Telecom Regulator Suggestions on 3G Spectrum Likely by Early JanuaryYou are here: Home Industries
Telecom Regulator Recommendations on 3G Spectrum May Be Out by Early January
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 07, 2014 16:55 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New Delhi: The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) is expected to give recommendations for base price and valuation of 3G spectrum by early January as the government plans to auction the airwaves along with 2G sale scheduled in February.
"There is an open house discussion on December 22 on the issue and the recommendations can be out by the first two weeks of January or earlier," a source in sectoral regulator TRAI said.
TRAI has issued a consultation paper on valuation and reserve price of spectrum in 2100 MHz band, used for 3G services, on December 2.
The Department of Telecom (DoT) had on October 16 asked the telecom regulator to give recommendations for reserve price of spectrum in 2100 MHz, 2300 MHz and 2500 MHz bands. DoT though on November 27 asked TRAI to expedite the process for 2100 MHz band pricing.
"TRAI will give the recommendations of 2100 MHz first and later work on 2300 Mhz and 2500 MHz bands," the source said. Telecom companies as well as the regulator have been of the view that the auction should take place only when adequate spectrum is made available, and the bidding should be held simultaneously for both the services - 2G and 3G.
The Department of Telecom is in talks with the Defence Ministry for vacation of spectrum in 2100 MHz band and there are three possible scenarios under deliberation. In case one, if no spectrum is released by the Defence, then auction cannot be conducted in this band.
The second scenario is that it releases 5 MHz in 17 circles. In that case one block of 5 MHz spectrum will be available for auction in 17 circles.
The third scenario could be the Defence swapping 2100 MHz spectrum with 1900 MHz. In that case, in addition to 5 MHz spectrum in 17 circles, it may release 15 MHz on pan-India basis by swapping 2100 Mhz spectrum with 1900 Mhz.
The Defence had released 20 MHz out of 25 MHz in 2100 MHz band allocated to DoT under the agreement with Defence on a pan-India basis and one more block of 5 MHz in 5 circles, which was auctioned in 2010.
Under the agreement with the telecom department (DoT), the remaining spectrum is to be vacated only after the alternate communication network is completed.
The next round of spectrum auction is proposed to be held in February and the government is estimated to garner at least Rs 9,355 crore from sale of radio waves.
As per estimates, auction of spectrum in 2100 Mhz band in February can fetch bids worth at least Rs 5,000 crore.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 16:50 (IST)

People are now more likely to flirt on Facebook than in person: Survey9
3
London: People are now more likely to flirt on Facebook than in person and a third of them are too embarrassed to talk to their love interests face-to-face, a survey has revealed.
The language of love has gone digital through text messages and it has even affected the way we flirt.
The poll, commissioned by online comparison site broadbandchoices.co.uk, revealed that the reason for the trend is that 38 percent of those surveyed find chatting to someone they fancy too embarrassing.
A third of people are too embarrassed to talk to their love interests face-to-face, reveals a survey.
#social media #facebook
The poll surveyed 2,000 British adults.
Almost one in five people said they mostly use private Facebook messages to communicate while dating, while others thought a phone call or text message was more forward than a face-to-face chat, the Daily Mail reported Thursday citing the survey.
Just over a quarter said they opt for Snapchat when trying to impress someone.
While 50 per cent of people are confident enough to ask someone for a date face-to-face, a third confessed they would be too embarrassed or nervous to pick up the phone and call a love interest.
196

 Replacement Must Meet Economic Needs: Plan BodyChina December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
New Delhi: The Planning Commission on Sunday suggested to a group chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi that its replacement body should be structured to meet the need of changing economic paradigm and comprise sectoral experts and state representatives.
In her presentation before the group comprising Mr Modi and chief ministers, Planning Secretary Sindhushree Khullar said that the new institution may have 8-10 regulars or executive members with half of them representing the states.
She suggested that the remaining members could be sectoral experts - environmentalists, financial experts, engineers, scientists and eminent scholars from different fields.
The new body may be headed by the Prime Minister as the chairperson position would be ex-officio.
The meeting, convened by PM Modi to deliberate on replacement of the Planning Commission, was attended by the several chief ministers, including Akhilesh Yadav (UP), Manohar Lal Khattar (Haryana), Devendra Fadnavis (Maharashtra) Vasundhara Raje (Rajasthan), Shivraj Singh Chouhan (Madhya Pradesh), Raman Singh (Chhattisgarh), Harish Rawat (Uttarakhand) and Oomen Chandy (Kerala). West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee skipped the meeting. State Finance Minister Amit Mitra represented West Bengal.
Ms Khullar in her presentation suggested that the new institution would have functions including monitoring and evaluation; programme project and scheme evaluation; cross-sectoral and inter-ministerial expertise and appraisal and monitoring of projects.
It is has been suggested that the new body would advise the Prime Minister on matters referred to it. Besides, it should act as think-tank and have network with universities and other institutions.
The new body could provide internal consultancy services to states and the Centre on different matters. It could also be used to design medium and long-term strategy.
The Prime Minister in his Independence Day speech had announced that the Planning Commission, set up in 1950 at a time when government gave public sector the commanding heights of economy, would be abolished and replaced with a more relevant institution.
"We will very soon set up a new institution in place of Planning Commission...the internal situation of the country has changed, global environment has changed... We need an institution of creative thinking and for optimum utilization of youth capability," Mr Modi had said.
The commission had held meetings with experts to discuss the structure of the new institution that would ultimately replace it.
India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru had set up the Planning Commission to steer the nation's economic course.
Set up by a Cabinet resolution, the plan body had enjoyed immense power and prestige as it had always been headed by the Prime Minister. Its most important function was to fix targets for sectoral growth and allocate resources to achieve them.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 16:29 (IST)

 Government Rules Out Bail-Out Measure for SpiceJetSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
After reviewing the situation facing the no-frill carrier, Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a "convincing schedule" by December 15, to clear its over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies as well as stop taking bookings beyond one month among others.
Ninety three arrival and as many departure slots were withdrawn by the aviation regulator as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, as against 339 in September.
Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Mr Raju had said.
The regulator would henceforth carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles, DGCA sources had said on Saturday.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 12:58 (IST)

Sushma pushes for declaring Bhagavad Gita as national scriptureNew Delhi, December 7, 2014
Updated: December 8, 2014 09:37 IST
Sushma pushes for declaring Bhagavad Gita as national scripture
PTI
Tweet
PTI
Union Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj with Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar and Yog guru Ramdev during 'Gita Prerna Mahotsav', in New Delhi on Sunday.
TOPICS
Gita
Pressing for the Centre to declare Bhagavad Gita as a ‘Rashtriya Granth’ (national scripture), External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Sunday said only a formality remained to be done in this regard.
Ms. Swaraj, who was speaking at ‘Gita Prerna Mahotsav’ at the Red Fort, said she was able to face the challenges as External Affairs Minister only because of the teachings of Bhagavad Gita.
“Bhagavad Gita has answers to everybody’s problems and that’s why I said it while standing in the Parliament that, ‘Shrimad Bhagavad Gita’ should be declared as the national holy book.”
“Everyone should read two shlokas of Gita everyday...it is a scripture of 700 shlokas and it can be finished in a year. Read it again and continue this till the end. After reading it three to four times, you will discover a path to lead a life, the way I discovered,” she said, addressing the crowd.
“When I read Gita for the first time, I did not agree with the concept of whatever happens, happens for the best and whatever happens in future, will be for good. But when I read it for the third and fourth time, I understood its meaning. This has helped me all through my life. Even now, when I am handling the External Affairs and the challenges related to it,” she said.
Congress leader Manish Tewari said the essence of the Bhagavad Gita lies in its substance and not in its symbolism.
“So, if anybody has seriously read and internalise the teachings of the Gita they would not make such a frivolous statement,” he said.

UK financial watchdog to review soaring finesUK financial watchdog to review soaring level of fines
Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3c7ebf06-7c7c-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Of Sultans and AnkitaOf Sultans and Ankita
Business Standard | New Delhi Dec 07, 2014 10:45 PM IST
The latest hearing in the Sebi-Sahara case was as dramatic as always. As the Sebi counsel raised objections about Sahara not accepting offers it was receiving for the purchase of its foreign hotels, the judge asked, "One Sultan has run away, no problem. He (Sebi counsel) says some other Sultan is there. Why are you not taking it." Sahara had earlier informed the court that the Sultan of Brunei had retracted his offer for the properties after public protests in the US. Then, amicus curiae in the case, Shekhar Naphade, raised an objection about cheques being drawn in the names of third parties. When the Sahara counsel started reading the name of the payee - Ankita Realty - Naphade cut him short. "Who is this Ankita?" he asked to the amusement of those present in the the courtroom. Sahara lawyers took great pains to explain how it was one of their group companies and the payment was on account of transaction costs and taxes.

Express IT Awards: India needs its own version  not replica  of Silicon ValleyDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
India’s growing start-up ecosystem needs to build its own version of Silicon Valley instead of aspiring to be a replica, and it also needn’t wait for a Google, Facebook or an IBM to start making acquisitions here, according to the panelists at the second edition of the Express IT Awards in Bengaluru on Friday. Rather, the trend would see homegrown Internet-based companies buying local start-ups, like in China.
Insights into the country’s innovation pipeline came thick and fast at the awards where a high-powered panel — comprising Gopichand Katragadda, group chief technology officer, Tata Sons; Rajan Anandan, managing director, Google India; Dilipkumar Khandelwal, managing director, SAP Labs India, Dinesh Malkani, president, Cisco India and SAARC, and Ravi Gururaj, serial entrepreneur and the chairman of Nasscom’s Product Council — met for a discussion on the topic “Innovation through Incubation”.
It also set the tone for an evening which saw 19 awards being given away to the most innovative and scalable IT solutions.
The evening also saw Subramanian Ramadorai, former vice-chairman, TCS, winning the Lifetime Achievement award for his outstanding contribution to the IT industry, while Francisco D’Souza, CEO of Cognizant, took home the Newsmaker of the Year award.
To ramp up rapidly, India’s start-up ecosystem needs to have a couple of hundred very successful product start-ups, said Rajan Anandan at the panel discussion. “What is important for innovation from an India standpoint is to focus on the founders. Let’s focus on the start-ups and let’s make them buy,” suggested Anandan, pointing to how China last year saw around 51 start-ups getting acquired in just a span of four months. “What’s interesting is they were all acquired by Chinese Internet companies. So, we shouldn’t wait for Google and Facebook and Twitter and IBM to buy companies,” he said. Among the Internet-era companies in India, the market leaders in most categories were all start-ups and many have the funds to make acquisitions now, he noted.
But how do large companies incubate ideas, especially those that are disruptive? Gopichand Katragadda said the critical thing was to realise that ‘unless you are disrupting yourself, somebody else will disrupt you’. “At the Tata Group, for instance, the parent Tata Sons actually behaves like a start-up, he said. “It’s a company where we are constantly making investments in Tata firms and the group. It’s in a start-up mode always.”
Katragadda, however, believes that there is a difference between a business model innovation and the creation of new technology, an area where a significant amount of effort is still required. “If you look at the needs of India today, in the energy sector we need 250 gigawatts. How many start-ups are working on that? Hardly any. We need to be connecting our ideas to these market spaces and think big,” he said.
Ravi Gururaj reckons India should focus on building its own version of Silicon Valley rather than aspiring to replicate it. He also advised entrepreneurs to take up opportunities regardless of the resources at hand.
At least 45% of the largest R&D spenders in the world now have a presence in India with development centres, noted Dinesh Malkani. With cloud and software-as-a-service models, it is also becoming a lot more easier for start-ups to reach a global market at a much lower cost, unlike earlier, he said. Dilipkumar Khandelwal of SAP Labs India said that start-ups at its incubator had the freedom to come up with good ideas.
S Ramadorai recounted the challenges the $118-billion IT industry faced in its formative years and how the business models of the industry evolved over a period of time. “In the late sixties and early seventies, there was no Internet, lease lines, emails or video conferencing, and connectivity to the rest of the world was poor. The challenges were extremely difficult and different at that point of time. Now, it gives me great pleasure that the industry that we nurtured from that infant stage has gone from strength to strength,” he said.
The awards were given away by Rajan Anandan, Anant Goenka, wholetime director and head – New Media, Indian Express Group, George Varghese, Chief Executive Officer of the group, and Sunil Jain, managing editor of The Financial Express, who also spoke on the occasion.
The panel discussion was moderated by Sanjay Vijaykumar, chairman of Startup Village, the Kochi-based incubator, and Darlington Jose Hector, Resident Editor (South), The Financial Express.
TAGS: Express IT Awards
More from companies

Moody s: Policy reform to support India s growth potential and credit profileMoody's: Policy reform to support India's growth potential and credit profile
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 08, 2014 08:40 IST
The stable outlook on the rating is based on an expectation that Indian authorities will continue with policy efforts to improve the macro-economic balance and address structural constraints on growth.
 
 
Moody's Investors Service says that India's Baa3 government bond rating balances the strong growth potential of its large and diverse economy against high fiscal deficits, recurrent inflationary pressures, as well as regulatory and infrastructure constraints on competitiveness.
The stable outlook on the rating is based on an expectation that Indian authorities will continue with policy efforts to improve the macro-economic balance and address structural constraints on growth.
These conclusions are contained in the rating agency's annual credit analysis on India. The report is an update to the markets and does not constitute a rating action.
The report elaborates on India's sovereign credit profile using four main analytic factors, as per Moody's Sovereign Bond Rating Methodology. These factors are economic strength, institutional strength, fiscal strength and susceptibility to event risk.
According to Moody's, India's high economic strength is a key source of sovereign credit support. India's GDP growth, savings and investment rates exceed comparable emerging-market averages. Although growth slowed significantly between 2011 and 2014, Moody's expects it to accelerate from between 5% and 6% over the next year to above 7% thereafter, if global economic and financial conditions remain benign and the government effectively implements its macro-economic and structural reform agenda.
The report says that India's low per capita incomes limit the government's tax revenue base and increase spending claims on its resources. This keeps India's fiscal deficits and government debt ratios higher than those of similarly rated peers, which leads Moody's to assess India's fiscal strength as low.
Although inflation has declined in recent months, India's inflation levels are high compared to rating peers. The report points to recurrent inflation, regulatory complexity and weak infrastructure as constraints on the rating that reflect institutional challenges.
Listing recent policy measures announced by the government and the central bank to address the above challenges, Moody's notes that individual measures may appear modest in their near-term impact but if they are effectively implemented, and augmented with additional structural reforms, they would enhance India's operating environment and improve competitiveness.
The report says that the outlook for India's rating would improve if fiscal, inflation and infrastructure metrics were to move closer to Baa median scores.
On the other hand, the outlook would weaken with a further deterioration in the fiscal position, or rising contingent liabilities from the state-owned banking sector, or a material decline in foreign exchange reserves coverage of external debt and imports.

BSE Sensex likely to open higher tracking firmAsiaDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The benchmark BSE Sensex declined further by 20 points in early trade today on selling mainly in IT sector amid lower Asian cues and foreign capital outflows.
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 109.45 crore last Friday, as per provisional data.
The 30-share index Sensex resumed lower at 28,433.00 and hovered in a range of 28,494.85 and 28,380.93 before quoting at 28,438.36 points at 1000 hours.
It showed a loss of 19.74 points or 0.07 per cent from its last close.
The NSE 50-share Nifty also moved down by 9.85 points or 0.12 per cent to 8,528.45 at 1000 hours.
Major losers were Infosys (3.72 pct), TCS (1.81 pct), Dr Reddy’s Lab (1.23 pct), SSLT (1.12 pct) and Hindalco (0.80 pct).
Asian stocks were trading mostly lower in their early trade after disappointing data from Japan and China.
Key benchmark indices in Taiwan, Singapore, South Korea and Indonesia were off 0.01 to 0.6 per cent while indices in Japan, China and Hong Kong were up 0.08 to 1.42 per cent.
However, US stocks rose last Friday lifting the Dow and S&P 500 to a record high as investors embraced a stronger-than-forecast November payrolls report as backing the view that the economy can handle rate hikes by the Federal Reserve in 2015.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex Infosys Stock Market
More from indianmarkets

Infosys founders selling shares worth $1.1 billion at discountInfosys founders sell stake worth Rs 6,484 cr
BS Reporters | Bengaluru Dec 09, 2014 12:57 AM IST
Infosys co-founders N R Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, Dinesh K and S D Shibulal’s wife , Kumari Shibulal, along with their families, sold 32.6 million shares in the country’s second-largest information technology services company on Monday, for an overall amount of Rs 6,484 crore.
The share sale led to a sharp plunge in the IT heavyweight’s share price, eroding about Rs 12,400 crore (at 62/$) from the company’s market capitalisation. The Infosys stock hit a month’s low during intra-day trade on Monday, before ending five per cent lower at Rs 1,972 on the National Stock Exchange.
Even as the share sale triggered speculation over the reasons behind the founders’ decision, Murthy and Nilekani, in separate statements, said the move was aimed at raising funds to invest in their philanthropic efforts. They added they had “tremendous confidence in the future of Infosys and its leaders”.
An Infosys spokesperson refused to comment, saying it was a “family decision of the promoters”.
The sale was executed by Deutsche Equities India and was carried out at an average price of Rs 1,988.87 a share. It saw participation from domestic and foreign institutional investors, Deutsche Bank said in a release.
“Our family has sold a minor part of our stake to continue various activities, including our efforts to encourage entrepreneurship and our personal philanthropic efforts,” Murthy said in a statement. “These are activities I expect to be busy with during the next phase of my life. Even after this sale, our family continues to be the largest shareholder among retail shareholders.”
ALSO READ:  Mr Sikka's game plan
The move comes months after Murthy retired from the company, after 33 years at the helm, and left its reins at the hands of Chief Executive Officer Vishal Sikka.
On the stake sale, Sikka said, “The founders continue to be among the largest retail shareholders in the company. They have reiterated their commitment to the future of the company and reinforced their belief in and support of its leadership. As I have always said, the founders have left an indelible legacy and culture in this iconic company and I respect and trust their decision of contributing towards philanthropic activities and entrepreneurship and other initiatives. In fact, contributing to the greater good is something close to the company’s heart. I am looking forward to further strengthening and reinforcing this area. So, in that sense, this action by them is aligned with the company’s values.”
Deutsche Equities said the sale had been carried out to partially monetise founders’ stake for personal reasons. Analysts feel the promoters have monetised their stake at the right time. Shares of the Bengaluru-based company have risen 21 per cent since so far this year and 8.9 per cent in the past two months.
ALSO READ:  Infosys founder stake sale: Should you worry?
Despite Monday’s stake sale, the company’s founders and their families continue to hold substantial stake in Infosys. Murthy, along with his family members, sold 12 million shares in Infosys, 23.3 per cent of the family’s total holding; Nilekani and his family also sold 12 million shares, 31.3 per cent of their holding. While Dinesh and his family sold 6.2 million shares (21.5 per cent of their total holding), Shibulal’s wife, Kumari Shibulal, sold 2.4 million (9.6 per cent of her stake).
Brushing aside speculation that the share sale was carried out in a hurry, Sanjay Sharma, managing director (equity capital markets), Deutsche Equities, said it was executed over the weekend and done in a planned manner, as trading in Infosys shares in local and ADR (American depositary receipts) markets gave a very short marketing window for a block sale.
Several market sources, however, said on Monday, about a dozen institutional investors woke up to calls from Deutsche Equities India, which was offering 32.6 million Infosys shares at a four per cent discount to Friday's closing price of Rs 2,069.70 a share.
“Even with a short deal launch period of less than five hours, we could reach out to investors in most geographies,” Sharma told Business Standard. “The issue was at a discount from the previous close; it needs to be looked at in the context of the large size of the deal. Also, it was done at levels pretty close to the all-time high of Rs 2,183 a share.”

Create a culture of innovation  says Glenmark MDE Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 09:25 IST
Glenn Saldanha, Chairman & Managing Director of Glenmark Pharmaceuticals. Photo: Shekhar Ghosh
What does it take to create and run a new generation research-led pharmaceutical company? The answers came in a short but detailed presentation made by Glenn Saldanha, Chairman & Managing Director of Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, on Friday.
It was as part of the Best CEOs awards function organised by Business Today as part of its BT MindRush conclave of business leaders.
Himself a recipient of a Best CEO award, Saldanha said, "Success in R&D is essentially linked to getting together various components in business - from having a model that funds costly R&D to creating a culture in the organisation that promotes innovation. 
FULL COVERAGE: MindRush 2014
To the audience that had some of the best CEOs of India , he said, "Creating a culture that promotes innovation is crucial."  He added that innovative training programmes across businesses along with an entrepreneurial environment were crucial to fostering innovation.
India, he said, has a large pool of high-quality talent across all parts of development cycle. But there is need for more and better trained manpower for specific areas of the R&D value chain. Also, there is "significant potential to strengthen quality of research and commercial orientation in academic institutions across the country," he said.
Patience is also important to create and run a research-driven pharma company, according to Saldanha.
For instance, he pointed out, it can take anywhere between 15-20 years for a single molecule to receive marketing approval. He also said that right partners were important because, "greater knowledge and experience in late-stage development and sharing of risks were crucial in this space."

Bomb threat in Jammu-Delhi Rajdhani | DelayedArmy
(The alert was passed on to…)
CHANDIGARH: Delhi-bound Rajdhani Express from Jammu was stopped and thoroughly searched by the Army and police tonight at Pathankot in Punjab after authorities received an specific alert about the presence of an explosive in the train.
The alert was passed on to Punjab police by their J-K counterpart, following which the search operation was launched, a senior police official said.
Nearly 150 security personnel including three DSP-rank Punjab Police officers, a SP-rank officer, besides Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel thoroughly searched the train at Pathankot Cantt station, about 250 kms from here, Pathankot SSP Rakesh Kaushal said.
Later, the Army's help was also sought which also joined the search for presence of any explosive, he added.
After being stopped at Pathankot Cantt station at around 9:30 PM, the search by the Army carried well past midnight.
"There was a specific input passed on by the DGP of J&K Police to us after which we acted swiftly and started searching the train thoroughly. We did not want to take any chances. We also sought the Army's help," Kaushal said.
Notably, security forces were on maximum alert in the wake of December 5 terror attacks carried out by the militants in J&K. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is also scheduled to address poll rally in the Valley tomorrow.
Pathankot town in Punjab is located along the Punjab-J&K border.
Asked if the input passed on by J&K police mentioned that a bomb could have been placed inside the train, the SSP said, "there was threat input...we swung into action immediately. The passengers may have been inconvenienced, but for us their safety and security was paramount."
The passengers were asked to disembark from the train, which had left Jammu at around 7:45 PM to reach Pathankot after 9:30 PM, after traveling a distance of about 100 km.
Dog squad, bomb disposal squad and other equipment were used to search the train for presence of any explosive.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K polls: Security tightened ahead of PM Modi s rallies todayJ&K polls: Security tightened ahead of PM Modi's rallies today
CNN-IBN | Dec 08, 2014 at 08:33am IST
Srinagar: Security has been tightened in Jammu and Kashmir as Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to address two rallies in the state on Monday. The rallies come just three days after terrorists attacked the four towns of Jammu and Kashmir leaving 11 security personnel dead.
He will be addressing a rally in Srinagar and another in Chakmorh in Jammu. Security in both places has been tightened after suspected terrorists lobbed a grenade at a CISF search party in Tral in Pulwama on Sunday, injuring one jawan.
On arriving in Srinagar, Modi will first go to Badami Bagh to pay tribute to the security personnel who lost their lives in Friday's terror attacks. Terrorists from across the border stormed an Army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel including a Lt Colonel dead and killed two civilians in Tral.
On arriving in Srinagar, Modi will first go to Badami Bagh to pay tribute to the security personnel who lost their lives in Friday's terror attacks.
Even though security forces are already on high alert in view of the Assembly elections and sudden spurt in terror attacks, a fresh advisory has been issued to all security agencies to keep a close watch on anti-national elements who may try to disrupt peace during Modi's rally.
Official sources said that security forces have occupied all high rise buildings around Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar to keep a close watch on vehicular and pedestrian movements. Thirty paramilitary forces companies have been deployed in and around the stadium while sharp shooters have been deployed on Suliman Tang and Rustam Gali in the Dalgate area, to secure the area and neutralize any threat.
Meanwhile, the roads leading to the stadium from civil lines has been closed with barbed wire near Radio Kashmir crossing and neither vehicles nor pedestrians are being allowed to go towards the stadium. Similarly, vehicles coming from south Kashmir, including Anantnag, Pulwama, Shopian and Pampore are being diverted through bypass to reach civil lines from Nowgam.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Infosys Four founders plans to sell shares worth $1.1bnInfosys Four founders plans to sell shares worth $1.1bn
Infosys Four founders plans to sell shares worth $1.1bn
Report stated that the founders are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of Rs1,988 ($32) each.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/infosys-four-founders-plans-to-sell-shares-worth-1-1bn-114120800010_1.html
December 08, 2014 08:46 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 08:03 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Welcast Steels workers go on strikeWelcast Steels workers go on strike
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 8:  
Welcast Steels Ltd said its workmen have gone in for a tool down strike without giving prior notice to the management.
In a communication to the stock exchanges, the company said it is hopeful of restoring normalcy at the earliest.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Jay Z celebrates 45th birthday inIcelandPosted: December 8, 2014 9:46 am
Jay Z jetted off to Iceland with wife Beyonce to celebrate his 45th birthday.
The parents of one are staying at the luxurious Trophy Lodge in Uthlio, South Iceland, reported Us magazine.
The power couple, who were snapped decked out in cold weather wear, took a helicopter to the spa on Jay’s birthday, owhich is located in a lava field in Grindavík on the Reykjanes Peninsula.
According to the spa’s website, visitors get a complete spa experience and can enjoy a silica mud mask while floating in the mineral water.
In September, Jay Z celebrated his wife’s 33rd birthday with an equally satisfying yacht trip and a 33-second tribute video dedicated to the ‘Drunk In Love’ singer posted on his YouTube page.

Martin Freeman prefers full nudity over wearingpouchPosted: December 8, 2014 9:34 am
‘Sherlock’ star Martin Freeman prefers to be completely nude in intimate scenes on screen.
The 43-year-old actor said being naked while filming is easier than using a ‘pouch’ to cover up with, reported Digital Spy.
“It’s not an easy thing to get naked in front of 80 people eating bagels or whatever. I’ve done a few naked things in my time and after a while I stopped using what they give you.
“They give you a discrete pouch, a sock sort of thing. It’s like a medieval purse,” he said.
The ‘Hobbit’ actor said that pouches tend to fall off after a few scenes.
“Because it’s so humiliating. I think if the woman is not offended, I would rather just be naked,” he added.
Freeman also joked about the relationship between Sherlock and his character of Dr John Watson.
“Not only are John and Sherlock not a couple but that me and Ben are not a couple. So there are people that are actually absolutely determined that (my wife) Amanda is my beard… Me and ( Benedict Cumberbatch ) are friendly but we’re not married!,” he said on a lighter note.

Rupee weakens to 61.94 on dollar demandRupee closes at 61.84 a dollar
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 8:  
The rupee closed a tad weaker at 61.84 against the American dollar after capital inflows by foreign investors to buy Infosys shares, being sold by the promoters.
The domestic unit had closed at 61.79 per dollar on Friday.
The unit declined to 61.94 in its opening trade due to weakness in other Asian currencies over the American currency. However, four Infosys co-founders sold shares worth $1.1 billion on Monday.
This boosted investor confidence which pumped dollar into the equity markets. This helped the rupee recover to 61.84 per the dollar.
The Indian unit traded in a narrow range of 11 paise 61.84 to 61.95 on Friday.
Call Rates and G-secs
The overnight call money rates, rates at which banks borrow from each other for liquidity mismatches, ended at 8.05 per cent.
The benchmark government security (8.40 per cent G-Sec, maturing in 2040) yield softened to end lower at 7.91 per cent (price closed at Rs 103.19) from the previous close of 7.94 per cent. The yields have softened in the week due to expectations of a policy rate cut by the RBI next year.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Rana Sugars to tie up with Singapore energy firmHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Rana Sugars to tie up with Singapore energy firm
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 8:  
Rana Sugars has informed the BSE that its board of directors on December 5 approved signing of joint venture agreements with Sindicatum Captive Energy Singapore for running, controlling and making investments in Rana Energy and Rana Green Power.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Central Bank of India to raise Rs 626 crCentral Bank of India to raise Rs 626 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 8:  
Central Bank of India has said that the Capital Raising Committee of its board of directors had approved raising of additional equity capital by issuing up to 8,28,90,000 equity shares (face value Rs 10 each) at Rs 75.55 per equity share aggregating over Rs 626.23 crore to Life Insurance Corporation of India, on a preferential basis.
The issue is subject to the approval of Government of India, RBI, shareholders and other statutory authorities, Central Bank in a communiqué to the BSE said.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Societe Generale pulls out of GVK Hancock s long-delayed coal projectHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Societe Generale pulls out of GVK Hancock's long-delayed coal project
Reuters
Tweet
Melbourne, Dec 8:  
Societe Generale has suspended its involvement in financing a $10 billion coal mine, rail and port project being developed by India's GVK conglomerate and Australian billionaire Gina Rinehart, citing the project's years-long delay.
GVK shares were marginally down on the BSE on Monday.
The French bank's decision is the latest twist for a project originally scheduled to produce coal from 2014, but which has suffered challenges from landowners and green groups, and been complicated by coal prices falling to more than five-year lows.
Developer GVK Hancock said that before seeking financing it is focused on finalising approvals for the project's Alpha coal mine in the Galilee Basin in Queensland, fighting legal disputes against approvals already won, and securing supply agreements.
"We have been working with Societe Generale on a specific element of the financing arrangements for our projects, but are not currently working on that specific work package and as such do not require their services at this time," GVK Hancock said in an emailed statement.
The French bank said on Twitter on Friday that, "In the context of the Alpha coal project's delay, Societe Generale has decided, in agreement with GVK-Hancock, to suspend its mandate. The bank has therefore no involvement with the project."
The project has been targeted by green groups opposed to coal use and by tourism operators in Queensland, where there are concerns about plans to dredge ahead of expanding a port near the World Heritage-listed Great Barrier Reef.
Green groups, which have been pressing banks to not back coal projects, counted Societe Generale's withdrawal as another win, following similar moves by Deutsche Bank AG, HSBC Holdings PLC, Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Greenpeace France on its Facebook page called the withdrawal "good news”.
A spokeswoman at Societe Generale Corporate and Investment Banking in Hong Kong confirmed the bank's decision. She had no immediate comment on whether the bank would consider lending for the project when GVK Hancock is ready to seek financing.
GVK bought 79 per cent stakes in the Alpha and Alpha West coal projects and a 100 per cent stake in another project from Rinehart's Hancock Prospecting for $1.26 billion at the peak of the coal boom in 2011, aiming to start producing in 2014. It still owes $560 million for the purchase.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Asian stocks eke out gainsAsia stocks dip; sombre data offsets strong US employment numbers
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Dec 8:  
Asian shares were mostly lower on Monday after sobering data highlighted the sluggishness of the region's key economies and tempered the lift from much stronger-than-expected US employment numbers.
Spreadbetters expected a subdued start for European stocks, forecasting Britain's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAC to open effectively flat.
The dollar hovered at multi-year highs against the yen after Treasury yields spiked on robust US employment report.
Indicators released on Monday showed that China's trade performance in November was much weaker than expected, while Japan's economy in the third quarter shrank even more than initially reported.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slipped 0.2 per cent. Tokyo's Nikkei edged up 0.1 per cent with the downward revision to Japan's GDP neutralising much of the positive impact from a weaker yen. South Korea's Kospi lost 0.4 per cent, while Singaporean and Malaysian shares also dipped.
The Shanghai composite index gained 2.9 per cent after the downbeat Chinese data added to hopes that China will implement more stimulus to shore up its economy.
"Shockingly, (China's) imports contracted by 6.7 per cent year-on-year - their weakest performance since the Lehman crisis (except the volatile Lunar New Year-related period),'' said Dariusz Kowalczyk, economist at Credit Agricole in Hong Kong.
"This is partly a reflection of lower commodity prices and base effects, but these two factors cannot fully explain the weak import number and we have to assume that poor domestic demand has played a part. This means that pressure will rise on the government to do more to stimulate growth," he said.
The Australian dollar, sensitive to the economic fortunes of China, its main export destination, touched a new 4-1/2 year low of $0.8288.
The disappointing Chinese and Japanese data contrasted sharply with Friday's US non-farm payrolls that showed employment in November surged by 321,000, easily topping forecasts for 230,000 new jobs.
The dollar was steady at 121.515 yen after touching a new seven-year high of 121.860. The dollar index hovered near a 5-1/2 year high of 89.467.
A bullish dollar worked against crude oil, with the stronger greenback making commodities denominated in the US currency less affordable for holders of other currencies.
Brent crude lost 92 cents to $68.15 a barrel, approaching a five-year low of $67.53 hit last week, with a forecast cut by Morgan Stanley exacerbating the fall.
The dollar stood tall against the euro, which languished near a two-year low of $1.2270.
The euro and yen are expected to remain on the defensive against the dollar indefinitely as the strong US jobs data further contrasted the divergent monetary policy paths of the Fed and its European and Japanese counterparts which are mired in underwhelming easing schemes.
The Malaysian ringgit and Indonesian rupiah fell against the dollar to lows not seen since the 2008-09 global financial crisis after the upbeat US jobs data lifted expectations for an early Fed rate hike.
Higher US interest rates are seen eroding the attractiveness of higher yields in the region.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Infosys dips 4% after huge block dealInfosys dips 4% after huge block deal
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 09:35 AM IST
Shares of Infosys have dipped 4% to Rs 1,993 after a huge block deal executed on the counter on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock opened at Rs 2,019 and touched a low of Rs 1,988 on NSE.
A total 32.3 million shares representing 2.8% of total equity of Infosys changed hands in multiple block deals in early morning trade. However, the identity of the buyers and sellers could not be yet ascertained.
According to a Reuters report , four of the founders of Infosys were planning to raise about $1.1 billion (approx Rs 6,481 crore) by selling a stake in the Indian IT outsourcing company, IFR reported on Monday.
"The founders are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 each, a 4% discount to Friday's close," the report said.
Meanwhile, till 0928 hours, a combined around 35.5 million equity shares of the information technology company changed hands on NSE and BSE.
 

Bipasha Basu is scary and seductive in first look of AloneWritten by Dimpal Bajwa , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 10:15 am
Bollywood actress Bipasha Basu , who has not had a good outing at the box office recently, is gearing up for her next horror flick ‘Alone’. After doing movies like ‘Raaz’ and ‘Creature 3D’ to name a few, the actress seems to be the hot favorite of directors when it comes to the horror genre.
In the first look of ‘Alone’, the actress can be seen in a double role romancing television actor Karan Singh Grover. Get prepared for some real horror as Bipasha looks very scary in the poster.
 
Bipasha Basu revealed the film’s first poster to her fans on Twitter.
First look of my new film #Alone with @Iamksgofficial ! Directed by @patelbhush and produced by Panorama Studios! pic.twitter.com/kEJJR3iApx
— Bipasha Basu (@bipsluvurself) December 6, 2014
The film’s first trailer will be released next week.
Scheduled to release on January 16, 2015 release, ‘Alone’ is being directed by Bhushan Patel.

Manasvi Mamgais big plans: Want to be solo heroine of threeKhansBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 9:58 am
Manasvi Mamgai played one of the three leading ladies in he recently released “ Action Jackson ” and now the model-turned-actress wants to work with all three Khans – Shah Rukh, Salman and Aamir – in a film as their solo heroine.
“I would like to romance all the three Khans. Just as ‘Action Jackson’ has one hero and three heroines, I want to be the solo heroine with all the three Khans romancing me,” said the former beauty queen.
In “Action Jackson”, Ajay Devgn romances Manasvi, Sonakshi Sinha and Yami Gautam.
Meanwhile, the 25-year-old stole the limelight for her bold avatar in the film and her dance moves in the song “Gangster Baby”.
When asked her views on this, she said: “Today boldness has become quite a challenge because the question is – We have done exposing, but what next? (Ab exposing ho gaya, what next?)”
“I have done Miss India and a calendar shoot, so wearing a bikini is fine with me,” said Manasvi, who was crowned Femina Miss India in 2010.

Ordinary investor makes Rs 1.75 cr from stocks. Here s how you can too | WealthYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Here's how you can make big money from small stock investments
Sanjay Kumar Singh, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 04.59PM IST
Tags:
equities
(A small tribe of retail investors…)
Retail investors tend to be very consistent in the way they play the stock market. They usually enter when everybody else is getting ready to leave. Their investment decisions are based on tips from brokers, friends and experts on television shows. They don't research the stocks they buy, nor do they diversify their portfolios. They also tend to sell off their winners early and hold on to losers endlessly. Little wonder that for most retail investors, the stock market is a zero sum game.
However, there are also small investors who have made extraordinary gains from stock investments. No, we don't mean only the lucky ones who invested in the Infosys IPO in 1993. A small but growing tribe of small investors is taking pains to understand the fundamentals of investing before entering the markets. They scour annual reports of companies and go through analysts' reports on stocks. They don't have knee-jerk reactions and buy only when valuations are attractive. They are also patient and hold stocks for longer durations, booking profits when they rebalance their portfolios or when the target price is achieved.
This week's cover story showcases eight such ordinary investors who have made extraordinary gains from stocks. These investors look at the fundamentals before they buy and follow most of the sound practices that ET Wealth advocates. It's not as if these investors have not committed mistakes. However, instead of getting disheartened, they have learnt from the errors to script their success stories.
HIS WINNERS
MRPL, Capital First, Sun Pharma, Page Industries, HDFC Equity and HDFC Prudence.
HIS MISTAKES
He should have been more patient with his investments. In 2003-4, he had bought many stocks via IPOs. Unfortunately, he sold them when their prices went up 3-4 times. Now the prices of those stocks are up 18-20 times.
HIS STRATEGY
He took classes on equity investment. Now, he consults websites, follows blogs and investment newsletters. He looks at the track record of the company promoters and avoids fly-bynight operators. He first makes small investments and slowly scales up his holdings.
 
Meet S.G. Raja Sekharan, 52, who has been dabbling in stocks for nearly 25 years. When he started, he had no knowledge of investing and bought stocks recommended by his broker. He lost money in the crash that followed the Harshad Mehta scam in 1992. For most small investors, the loss would have meant turning away from equity investments for good to avoid losing more money. Raja Sekharan, on the other hand, tore away from the ordinary and built a mini-library of books on value investing. Armed with knowledge, he returned to the stock market in 2001 and his portfolio has consistently beaten the Sensex since then. In the past year, his portfolio has grown 67%, compared to the 34% rise in the Sensex.
HIS WINNERS
HDFC Bank, Gruh Finance, L&T, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Crisil, Havells India, Asian Paints, BHEL, Jubilant Foods, Maruti and Swaraj Engines.
HIS MISTAKES
He first dabbled in stocks in 1991-92, but did not know anything about investing in equities. Lost money in the market crash that followed the Harshad Mehta scam.
HIS STRATEGY
In his second innings, he took the pains to learn about the basics of stock investing. He follows the investment approach outlined in Mary Buffett's book, Buffettology. He invests for the long term. He has short-listed companies which he believes have long-term moats.
HIS WINNERS
Ajanta Pharma, AIA Engineering, Kaveri Seeds, VST Tillers, Mayur Uniquoters, Alembic Pharma, Suven Life Sciences and Atul Auto.
HIS MISTAKES
Initially, he invested only in large-caps in welldiscovered IT stocks, which were picked randomly. His selection procedure was superficial, mostly based on what he had heard on TV.
HIS STRATEGY
He buys stocks with strong growth prospects. However, he picks them only when they are available at attractive valuations. His investment style incorporates the best of growth and value investing approaches. He prefers to hold 10-15 stocks in his portfolio.
 
Symphony, TVS Srichakra, Astral Poly Technik, CanFin Homes, Mayur Uniquoter and Kaveri Seeds.
HIS MISTAKES
A serious investor, he has learnt, should never try to make money by trading in the markets. Instead, one should build a corpus steadily over a period of time both via SIPs and by investing surplus funds as and when they become available. "Keeping an eye on the company's fundamentals is also critical," he says.
HIS STRATEGY
Ramachandran picks value stocks from the mid- and small-cap space and growth stocks from the largecap domain. When the fundamentals of a stock deteriorate, he exits it. He also exits stocks when he is overweight in equities and needs to pare his exposure to his pre-determined level of asset allocation. Among mutual funds, exits are determined by the fund's performance vis-a-vis that of its category.
HIS WINNERS

DGCA to not review SpiceJet curbs; stocks fall 13%You are here: Home > Collections
DGCA to not review move to impose curbs on SpiceJet; stocks falls nearly 13%
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 05.50PM IST
Tags:
Directorate General
(piceJet Ltd slipped as much…)
MUMBAI: Continuing to fall for the fifth straight session, shares of budget carrier SpiceJet ended over 4 per cent lower today amid a flurry of negative news, including fund drought and large-scale flight cancellations.
After falling 12.85 per cent to Rs 13.90 in intra-day trade, shares of SpiceJet finally ended at Rs 15.25, down 4.39 per cent from its previous close on the BSE.
In five trading sessions, the stock has fallen by over 28 per cent. During this period, the company's market value fell by Rs 321 crore to Rs 816.30 crore.
Concerned over deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA last week withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
With SpiceJet wobbling amid fund drought and the aviation regulator keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, the no-frill carrier's pilots are flocking to other airlines in search of a job, industry sources said.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over SpiceJet's ability to run as a "going concern".
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concerns over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather... not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
Shares of the company have been on the back foot amid reports that Airport Authority of India has put it on cash-and-carry payment mode.
In a filing to the BSE, the company today said, "We would like to clarify that SpiceJet Limited is not under a "Cash-and-Carry" payment mode with Airport Authority of India as wrongly reported in certain sections of the media."
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs 310 crore which is down from Rs 559 crore net loss during the corresponding period last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Founders of Infosys Selling Shares Worth $1.1 Billion: ReportIndia VIX Jumps Pricing in Global Linkages, Uncertain Rate Cuts
Hong Kong: Some of the founders of Infosys Ltd want to sell shares for $1.1 billion (Rs 6,807 crore) in the Indian IT outsourcing company, a person familiar with the matter said, months after the company picked its first outsider as chief executive officer.
Infosys shares slumped nearly 5 per cent to Rs 1,968 on the National Stock Exchange today. (Read: Infosys Falls 4% as Founders Said to Sell Shares )
Four of the original founders, co-founders and their families are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close, the person said.
Deutsche Bank is the sole book runner of the sale and the books were covered just after the launch, said Thomson Reuters publication IFR. It named the founders as Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, S.D. Shibulal and K. Dinesh.
The person declined to be named as the matter remained confidential and Infosys executives were not immediately available for comment.
Infosys, established by seven engineers in 1981, chose Vishal Sikka as its CEO in June in a bid to overhaul a company that was once the poster child of India's $100-plus billion (Rs 6,18,800 crore) IT services industry but which had in recent years scrambled against rivals for low-margin contracts. Some investor said Infosys failed to move up the value-chain due to its risk averse management team which was largely comprised of the company's founders and co-founders.
Most of these executives have left the company since Mr Sikka took office in August.
The founders and their families held a combined 91.5 million shares, or nearly 8 per cent of Infosys' outstanding shares, according to the company's annual report.
Infosys shares are up 18.8 per cent so far this year, while the benchmark Nifty is up about 35.4 per cent.
($1 = Rs 61.8830)

Rupee may be under pressure in 2015; like IDFC: Sabharwal08:00 am
The year 2015 will bring in a lot of opportunities for market participants and a few risks, owing to global factors, is the word coming in from Sandip Sabharwal.
Also, with the interest rate differential reducing between India and the US, what will happen to fund flows, he muses. Sabharwal has always maintained that if the US Federal Reserve starts tapering and then goes on to hike interest rates for the right reasons (for growth), then it is a positive thing.
But next year will be different for India, he adds. With expectations of an interest rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India and US hiking rates, the big question now is what will happen to the rupee, he asks. He feels the rupee, going ahead, can come under pressure.
However, lower interest rates will also benefit a lot of sectors. He is bullish on  Ashok Leyland and IDFC . He also feels Jet Airways , from the aviation space, is likely to do well, with IndiGo eyeing an IPO - it won’t be most likely indulging in a price war - and low-cost carrier  SpiceJet in a troubled spot. 
According to Sabharwal, the correction, whenever it comes won’t be shallow, but it won’t be a long one.
RELATED NEWS

Bullish on India economy  growth to accelerate: Jim O Neill08:00 am
Former Goldman Sachs chairman Jim O’Neill is bullish on India’s economic cycle, and sees acceleration in growth next year.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, O’Neill says he expects India’s GDP growth to be 6 percent by middle of next year. He says financial conditions for India are extremely favourable and that the environment for investment is fantastic.
He further sees the Reserve Bank cutting interest rate in the first quarter of 2015. He adds that strong rupee, capital flow and steady and low inflation can accelerate the pace of interest rate cut.
RELATED NEWS

Uber rape case accused a repeat offender  was earlier arrested in a sexual assault case in 2011: sources43
10
New Delhi: Shocking details emerging from the probe reveal that Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav arrested for raping a 25-year-old finance executive in Gurgaon was arrested in 2011 as well on the charges of sexual assault. He had spent seven months in Tihar jail before being acquitted in the case back then.
The startling detail was completely ignored by Uber cab while recruiting him for the job. Yadav had been working with Uber for 6 months. The Delhi Police is looking at the role of the Uber cab service provider which has been sent a notice under section 161 of Indian Penal Code to join the investigation.
After being arrested from Mathura on Sunday, Yadav will be produced in Tees Hazari court in Delhi on Monday. The Delhi Police used 12 teams which were dispatched to Mathura to nab the 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav who was located after a 25-minute chase by tracing his cell number. "We have arrested the accused in the cab case from Mathura and he has been brought to Delhi," DCP North Madhur Verma said.
#shiv kumar yadav #mathura #tihar jail #uber
According to sources in Delhi Police, there are several lapses on Uber's part which probably led to this heinous crime being committed.
Every commercial driver needs to have a commercial badge. However, sources say that Yadav did not have the badge. Uber had not even conducted a background check and verification of the accused driver before recruiting him. It is the responsibility of the cab service provider to get the identity verified through police. The address given by Yadav was not where he used to stay. Even the phone number that he was using was not registered on his name.
There were three drivers who drove the Swift Dzire in which the crime took place. At any given point, Uber didn't know which of the three was driving as there was only one phone with the Uber app. In fact, after the incident, the police had to download the Uber app and order a cab to reach its 3-room office in Gurgaon.
Meanwhile, denying any laxity in services, Uber vowed to fully cooperate with the police in the investigation. "Our team immediately provided the local authorities with all relevant details. Uber exclusively partners with registered for-hire drivers who have undergone the commercial licensing process, hold government issued IDs, state-issued permits, and carry full commercial insurance. Uber also has a GPS trace and record of all trips that occur on the platform. This information has been shared with the authorities. We will continue to cooperate fully with law enforcement officials," Uber said in a statement.
The incident took place on Friday night when the woman hired the cab and fell asleep in the vehicle. Later, the driver allegedly took her to a desolate spot and raped her.
After the December 16, 2012 horrific gangrape, several checks and systems were introduced to ensure women's safety. However, the recent incident shows the need for more institutional changes for radio cab services to make the streets of Delhi truly safe for women.
24

Protests outside Delhi Police headquarters over rape by Uber cab driverHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Security tightened in Srinagar ahead of PM Modi s rallySecurity tightened in Srinagar ahead of PM Modi s rally
Indian ADRs higher; Tata Motors  ICICI Bank leadIndian ADRs higher; Tata Motors  ICICI Bank lead
Banks lifted by energy boom facing risk in Oil s slide: FitchBanks lifted by energy boom facing risk in Oil's slide: Fitch
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 08, 2014 09:12 IST
Sustained pressure on oil prices could not only affect certain O&G loans, but also general consumer and commercial loans to consumers and businesses operating in energy-dependent regions.
 
 
Several US regional banks lifted by shale booms will face a higher potential for credit pressures in energy-related loans, should the recent slide in oil prices persist into 2015, says Fitch Ratings.
 
US banks with higher concentrations of loans directly related to energy production, as represented by energy loans as a percentage of the bank's total outstanding loans, as of the end of third-quarter 2014, include BOK Financial Corp., at 19%; Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc., 15%; Hancock Holding Company, 13%; Comerica Bank, 7%; and Amergy Bank of Texas (a subsidiary of Zions Bancorp), estimated to be about 6%. Each of the banks held between $1.6 billion to $3.4 billion in loans to energy producers, as of Sept. 30.
 
Sustained pressure on oil prices could not only affect certain O&G loans, but also general consumer and commercial loans to consumers and businesses operating in energy-dependent regions.
 
Precise energy price levels, and the length of time at certain price levels, are among the key determinants of loan risk. Each liquids-rich shale basin, such as the Bakken in the Dakotas region, Permian and Eagle Ford in Texas and the Anadarko Basin in Oklahoma, has different hydrocarbon mixes and different economics. Within each shale play, in turn, price break-even points for each obligor -- points below which investment dollars begin to be lost -- can vary substantially, based on a number of factors.
 
For a few producers, the current $67 per barrel of West Texas Intermediate crude oil could already represent a market condition that is below break-even. If oil recovers back above $70 per barrel within the next quarter or two, it becomes unlikely that oil's price fall will have a serious credit impact on these banks' energy loan portfolios.
 
Oil prices below $50 a barrel, however, depending on how sustained, would likely trigger a jump in energy loan losses and could impact 2015's earnings for the energy concentrated lenders. As a reference point, BOK Financial noted in its third-quarter 2014 earnings that the drop oil prices during late 2008 and first-half 2009, when prices dipped to under $50 per barrel for about six months, led to just a 47 bps of loan losses on its energy book for 2009.
 
Loans for exploration and production (E&P) typically are revolving credit facilities that have several features that are important to potentially protecting banks over any energy price drop.
 
First, these loans tend to be secured by borrowing bases that are valued on a semi-annual basis - normally in the fall and spring, although some lenders retain rights for interim (or wildcard) redeterminations. While price/barrel of crude oil affects borrowing base levels, the historical relationship is not 1-to-1. Banks tend to be easier on permissible levels for borrowing bases for E&P producers when prices decline, based on Fitch's analysis. This was particularly true of the oil price drop of 2008 through 2009, when borrowing-base amounts fell by a significantly smaller degree than the decline in oil prices.
 
Fitch analysis also reveals that the availability levels for 15 E&P companies averaged 63%, as of the end of third-quarter 2014, signaling, at least as of Sept. 30, some cushion on borrowing needs.
 
A second potential protection for banks is that a fair number of E&P companies have hedged the cash flows they receive for production. In Fitch's analysis on energy-related borrowing bases, the arithmetic average of hedge volume in place on 2015's prices, as a fraction of third-quarter 2014 production for 15 E&P producers was 61%. Hedging cost rises materially the further out the hedge, thus hedge coverage for 2016 would be expected to be materially lower as of today.
 
A final factor in gauging bank risk is cost position, which refers to not only an E&P company's ability to produce at lower prices, but how capable its assets are in generating additional liquidity through a pledge of non-encumbered assets, or possibly an outright sale.

Infosys shares fall on promoters  stake sale reportInfosys shares fall on promoters' stake sale report
R Yegya Narayanan
Tweet
Coimbatore, Dec 8:  
Shares of Infosys Ltd were down by nearly 3 per cent following reports that four of its founders are selling a huge volume of shares.
The selling comes after the recent bonus issue of shares in the ratio of 1:1 by the company.
Infosys drops 3%; reports say that promoters of the company have sold about 32.6 million shares in a bulk deal
— Rajalakshmi Nirmal (@crajalakshmic) December 8, 2014
A Reuters report from Hong Kong stated that four of the founders of Infosys Ltd were selling 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 which was at a discount to the closing price of the stock on Friday.
The stock, which hit a 52-week high of Rs 4,401 on December 1 at cum-bonus valuation, was down by Rs 61.25 to Rs 2,008.45 this morning, a loss of 2.96 per cent. The stock is trading ex-bonus.
Promoters' holding at the end of September 2014 quarter was 15.92 per cent. FIIs accounted for the single majority shareholding in Infosys with 42.67 per cent share in the equity. DIIs held 14.48 per cent stake and others, including retail investors, held 26.93 per cent stake in Infosys, according to BSE data.
There was no confirmation of sale by promoters in the equity of Infosys in the data filed with the stock exchanges till now. But as the company has come out with a 1:1 bonus issue only this month, what they may be offloading should be their pre-bonus equity stake in the company. Its impact on their stake in percentage terms is not clear right now.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Sensex down 74 points; IT  TECk stocks major losersSensex tanks 339 points on stake sale in Infosys, weak global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 8:  
Indian shares posted their biggest fall in 7-1/2 weeks as IT services exporter Infosys Ltd slumped after its founders sold the company's stock, while metals and mining firms tumbled on data showing an unexpected fall in imports to China.
The BSE benchmark Sensex plummeted 338.70 points or 1.19 per cent at 28,119.40 and the NSE index fell 100.05 points or 1.17 per cent at 8,438.25.
IT, TECk stocks succumbed to heavy selling pressure as some of the founders of Infosys want to sell shares for $1.1 billion in the company.
Four of the original founders, co-founders and their families are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of Rs. 1,988 ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close.
There appears to be no reason to sell Infosys stock since these promoters were not involved in the operations anyway.
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 8, 2014
Sectoral indices
Barring FMCG, all other BSE sectoral indices ended in the red. Among them, IT index fell the most by 3.18 per cent, followed by TECk 2.58 per cent, realty 1.8 per cent and capital goods 1.72 per cent, while FMCG index was up 0.78 per cent.
Gainers, losers
Coal India (2.2%), ITC (1.63%), Sun Pharma (0.91%), ONGC (0.63%) and Cipla (0.61%) were the top five Sensex gainers, while the major losers were Infosys (4.88%), SSLT (3.6%), M&M (3.32%), Hindalco (2.51% and TCS (2.51%).
Brokers comment
A report by SMC Investments and Advisors said: "Asian stocks rose after a surprising surge in US payrolls increased optimism about the world's largest economy and sent the yen tumbling, boosting Japanese shares. Consumer credit in the US rose by less than expected in the month of October, according to a report released by the Federal Reserve. The Fed said consumer credit increased by $13.2 billion in October after climbing by a revised $15.4 billion in September."
Global markets: European stocks and government bonds dipped on Monday as weak data from Asia, a rating downgrade for Italy and the slump in oil prices stoked concerns about global growth.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Narendra Modi govt for Gita as national scriptureNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
PM Narendra Modi government has revealed that it is pushing for declaring Bhagwad Gita as a national scripture.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Sunday said only a formal announcement remained in this regard, sparking a controversy with TMC and and Congress coming out with sharp responses.
Reacting to Swaraj’s remarks, the Trinamool Congress(TMC) said only the Constitution is the “Holy Book” in a democracy while Congress called her statement “frivolous”.
Swaraj made the remarks while speaking at ‘Gita Prerna Mahotsav’, organised to celebrate 5,151 years of religious book Gita at the Red Fort Maidan here where VHP President Ashok Singhal said Prime Minister Narendra Modi should immediately declare the sacred text of Hindus as a national scripture.
Swaraj said that the respect of a “national scripture” was already accorded to Gita when Prime Minister Modi gifted it to US President Barack Obama during his visit to the country in September this year.
“Bhagwad Gita has answers to everybody’s problems and that’s why I said it while standing in the Parliament that, ‘Shrimad Bhagwad Gita’ should be declared as a rashtriya granth(holy scripture).
“The formal announcement for it hasn’t been made since the (NDA) government came to power. But I am happy to say that the Prime Minister has already given it the honour of a national ‘Rashtriya Granth’ when he handed over the ‘Shrimad Bhagwad Gita’ to America’s President Barack Obama. Only a formal announcement now remained,” she said.
The Minister said she was able to face the challenges as External Affairs Minister only beacuse of the teachings of Bhagwad Gita.
“This(Gita) has helped me all through my life. Even now, when I am handling the External Affairs and the challenges related to it,” she said.
Referring to cases where people consume chocolates and pop pills to fight depression, she said, “Eating chocolates or popping pills won’t reduce depression. Instead, one must read Gita. This will help relieve the stress and depression in life. It will help in dealing with challenges of life.”
Reacting to Swaraj’s remarks on declaring Gita as a national scripture, TMC leader and West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said the Constitution was the “Holy Book” in a democracy.
“Our Constitution says India is a secular country. The Constitution is the Holy Book in a democracy,” Banerjee told PTI in Kolkata.
“We respect all holy books equally. They are all our pride,” she said, adding, “Quran, Puran, Ved, Vedanta, Bible, Tripitak, Zend-Avesta, Guru Granth Sahib, Gita – we respect all.”
Congress leader Manish Tewari said the essence of the Gita lies in its substance and not in its symbolism.
“So, if anybody has seriously read and internalised the teachings of the Gita they would not make such a frivolous statement,” he said.
Singhal said there are two ways to declare Gita a national scripture.
“First is to pass a bill and declare it as a national scripture. But if the Prime Minister immediately declares it as a national scripture…Sushma Swaraj is present here today. As a member of the Union Cabinet, I request Swaraj to make Prime Minister Modi declare Gita as the national scripture.”
Senior RSS leader Indresh Kumar said the UN should also declare Gita Divas as it is announcing June 21 as Yoga Day.
TAGS: Congress Mamata Banerjee Narendra Modi Sushma Swaraj
More from miscellaneous

Virat Kohli to lead India  fit Michael Clarke to play Adelaide Test; Phillip Hughes named honourary 13thmanBy: Associated Press | Adelaide |
Posted: December 8, 2014 10:43 am
Australia captain Michael Clarke will play in what is expected to be an emotion-charged first Test against India after overcoming a hamstring injury to take his place in the Adelaide Oval match.
India captain MS Dohni, though, was not able to recover from a fractured left thumb and will be replaced by Virat Kohli, who makes his debut as Test skipper.
“Yes, I will be leading tomorrow (Tuesday),” Kohli said. “It is a big moment for me.”
Kohli said because of several injury concerns, his team’s starting XI will not be named until just before the toss.
Fast bowler Mitchell Johnson says Clarke is “100 percent fit” and will lead a team Tuesday that includes paceman Josh Hazlewood as 12th man.
An honourary “13th man” will be Phillip Hughes, who died on Nov. 27 after being hit by a short-pitched delivery in a domestic match. Hughes will also be given a tribute ahead of the start of the match on Tuesday.
Johnson said Hughes’ death would be in the minds of all players on Tuesday.
“It’s going to be an emotional morning … for me going out there bowling, the first spell might be the most difficult,” Johnson said Monday.
Kohli was probably closer to Hughes than most Indian players, having attended an Australian camp with him several years ago.
“It was pretty sad place for all,” Kohli said. “We tried to stay on track, but at the end of the day, we don’t want to be in a situation where we are lacking preparation.”
Johnson said Clarke’s place in the side will be a “huge boost” for the hosts.
“I think with his captaincy and he showed how strong he’s been over the past couple of weeks with the tragedy that we’ve had,” Johnson said. “He is a strong captain and we need him out there in this tough series.”
Clarke was front and center in the days following Hughes’ fatal injuries and death two days later. The captain read a family statement in the hours after the batsman died and was a pallbearer and speaker at his close friend’s funeral last week.
His hamstring issues originally would have kept him Clarke out of the scheduled first Test last week at the Gabba in Brisbane. Instead, the Brisbane Test was shifted to next week, and Johnson says barring any injuries, Australia will take the same team into that match.
Kohli said Dohni would likely be fit enough to lead India at Brisbane.
Cricket Australia said spectators at the Adelaide Oval will be asked to stand for 63 seconds of applause before the match begins Tuesday. Hughes was 63 not out when he was struck by a short-pitched delivery at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Nov. 25.
The Australian players will also wear Hughes’ Test cap No. 408 on their shirts.
Johnson said the pitch looked good continued…

Channing Tatum goes blonde for newfilmPosted: December 8, 2014 10:41 am
Hollywood star Channing Tatum stepped out with lighter locks for his new film ‘Hail, Caesar!’ here.
Tatum, 34, showed off the new look while on set of the drama, set in the 1950s. His hair cascaded down his face, revealing darker locks that were untouched, reported US magazine.
The ‘Magic Mike XXL’ actor has dyed his hair blonde before.
Back in August 2013, he bleached his hair (and goatee) for his role in the sci-fi flick ‘Jupiter Ascending’ with Mila Kunis.
‘Hail, Caesar!’ is set to hit theaters in February 2016. It also stars George Clooney, Scarlett Johansson, Tilda Swinton, Ralph Fiennes, Josh Brolin, and Tatum’s ’22 Jump Street’ costar Jonah Hill.

Producer N JanakiramcrematedBy: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad |
Posted: December 8, 2014 10:34 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 4:19 pm
The mortal remains of Telugu film producer and late N T Rama Rao’s grandson N Janakiram, who died in a road accident, consigned to flames.
Janakiram’s son lit the funeral pyre at the family’s farm house on the outskirts of Hyderabad.
Janakiram (42) died in a road accident in Nalgonda district of Telangana on Sunday (December 7) when his car collided with a tractor while he was travelling to Vijayawada from Hyderabad.
The producer’s father N Harikrishna, brothers Kalyan Ram and junior N T Rama Rao, both actors, and several family members were present at the funeral.
A number of Telugu film personalities, including former Union Minister Chiranjeevi, visited the family earlier in the day and consoled them.
Observing that the life of the deceased could have been saved had he wore a seat belt while driving, Chiranjeevi appealed to the youth to take such precautions in driving.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu, who is son-in-law of late N T Rama Rao, visited the family members of the victim last night.

#Express5: Uber cabs under scanner; Swaraj wants Gita made the national scripturePosted: December 8, 2014 10:28 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 11:00 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. DELHI RAPE CASE:
The Delhi government is considering cancelling Uber’s permission to operate in Delhi, and may issue a notice to inform citizens that the international cab-booking service is “unauthorised” . The controversial San Francisco-headquartered company, in one of whose vehicles a 27-year-old executive was allegedly beaten and raped on Friday night, has been struggling with regulatory and operational issues ever since it entered India a year ago.
Read more: Virtual Uber has no call centre, invisible staff; nor comply with RBI rules
2. NAXALISM
Chitu Sori of Kodenar village in Kondagaon district is a farmer. On June 26, police declared that the 25-year-old had “surrendered” with several fellow villagers. This was the beginning of an unprecedented run of “surrenders” by Maoists in Chhattisgarh this year. In his records, however, Sori is merely shown to have provided occasional help to Maoists. He returned to his village after the “surrender” and continues living there. Among the residents of Atulpara village in Sukma who “surrendered” on August 19 were Barse Deva, Madkam Deva and Podiyam Deva. Like many tribals of Bastar, they had long-pending warrants against them, with police often booking villagers in bulk on any suspicion. These warrants were never executed, but this year, the three say, police proposed that if they “surrendered”, the warrants would be withdrawn.
Read more: 70% Chhattisgarh Naxal surrenders are neither ‘Naxal’ nor ‘ surrenders ’
3. SWARAJ GITA
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Sunday urged that the Bhagwad Gita be declared a ‘Rashtriya Granth’, adding that only a formal announcement to this effect was pending. “The Prime Minister has already given it the stature of national granth by gifting it to US President Barack Obama,” she said. Speaking at an event on Red Front grounds to mark the “5,151st anniversary” of the Gita, organised by RSS-affiliate Global Inspiration and Enlightenment Organization of Gita (GIEOGITA), Swaraj also advised psychiatrists to read and prescribe the Gita to patients suffering from depression.
Read more: Swaraj wants Gita made ‘national scripture ’
4. OPINION
I am Sanskrit: the language of the gods. But like gods, I am now more an object over which “ignorant armies clash by night”. I carry a heavy load. I am burdened with every sin. For some, I am everything that was wrong with India. I am exclusion, obscurantism, esotericism and dead knowledge. I am burdened, by others, with the weight of redemption. I am the source of all unity and insight, all knowledge and eternal light. But for both sides, I am more an icon than an object of understanding: for one, an icon for blanket indictment, for another, an icon for obscure yearnings.
Read more: I am Sanskrit
5. SPORTS
It wasn’t the first bouncer Murali Vijay had faced in his three weeks in Australia. And it won’t be the last. But this one that reared at him and he had to duck under in the nets at the Adelaide Oval, had an added sense of surprise about it. Maybe it had more to do with the identity of the person who delivered it. The bowler in question was in a sleeveless top, his biceps flexed with each stride, and his latest hairdo stood out for stringent scrutiny just like each of his previous ones – this one, for the record, is called the Jarhead. He wasn’t even an official member of the touring pace party. For many, he was not even expected to make it to Australia this summer. But here he was.

Curbs on SpiceJet will result in fare war | DGCA won t review move on curbsYou are here: Home > Collections
Curbs on SpiceJet may lead to increase in ticket prices
Anirban Chowdhury & Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 10.08AM IST
Tags:
Air India
(Some analysts reckon that…)
NEW DELHI|MUMBAI: The aviation regulator's directive to Spice-Jet to limit advance bookings to just a month and its withdrawing 186 flights are likely to increase airfares substantially in the future, which may disappoint passengers but bring some respite to its peers.
The budget airline had recently unleashed a string of special fares, often catching competition off guard. While some airlines feel that the regulator's action would lead to sanity in pricing, others feel that it would actually result in competitive pricing for last-minute bookings.
Some analysts reckon that spot fares are indeed expected to soften as SpiceJet will increasingly compete in this space in the coming days. "If limiting bookings to one month for SpiceJet continues, the airline will have to fill all its seats in the past one month. This would only lead to aggressive pricing by the airline in the past one month to fill its seats, hence, a fare war in the last-minute bookings. This surely won't be good for the aviation industry," said an Air India official.
"There would definitely be some sanity in pricing because of the move, at least in the short term. For the past few months, SpiceJet was the only airline which had pushed the industry into spates of flash sales, which were often not conducive to margins," said another executive with a domestic carrier.
Some travel analysts fear that the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) order will lead to advance purchase inventory and may impact growth in the market.
"The air passenger market has seen excellent growth this year after a lapse of two years on the back of great prices available for advance bookings. The recent move by the DGCA will result in a reduction in inventory for advance purchases and a consequent increase in fares, which could lead to a slowdown in the air market," said Sharat Dhall, president at Yatra.com, an online travel portal.
The Indian aviation market saw over 20 discount offerings led by SpiceJet since January this year, triggering a huge increase in the number of passengers, as average fares in some sectors witnessed a drop.
A Makemytrip.com data shows that fares in the past six months have dropped in some key sectors, including Hyderabad-Chennai, Kochi-Bangalore, Delhi-Mumbai, Mumbai-Chennai, Chennai-Hyderabad, Delhi-Bhubaneshwar, among others. The drop in fares had been in the range of 17 to 40per cent.
Industry analysts, however, feel that the low fare regime will only see a temporary moderation, as other airlines would continue to offer discounts. "I do not see lower fare regime changing, but temporary moderation is possible with the DGCA order on SpiceJet. The aviation market in India continues to be competitively placed and expect airline fares to reflect passenger sensitivity. I hope to see stability in offering fares closer to departure," said Kapil Kaul, CEO of CAPA in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why Uber must shed its Silicon Valley swagger & get real in IndiaDecember 8, 2014, 12:32 am IST Economic Times in ET Commentary | India , Times View | ET
44
By: Pankaj Mishra
In September last year, I boarded an Uber luxury car in Bengaluru for the first time, and got charmed by almost everything the product offered: right from the beautiful app that helped locate an Uber close by, to a very efficient GPS tracker, the overall cleanliness, and finally the driver.
My chauffeur, Santhosh, explained how Uber trained its drivers to be polite with women passengers and even taught them etiquettes such as walking a woman passenger to the door if it’s late night. Everything looked perfect. The product was all about safety and reliability: two of the most rare features when it comes to commuting, especially for women, in Indian cities.
For city commuters, Uber came as a great promise of affordable luxury and reliability. No more haggling with autorickshaw drivers, getting blackmailed into paying ‘extra money’ beyond what the fare meter clocked. While costlier than an autorickshaw ride, Uber offered Mercedes, BMWs and even Audis at rates that were just 50% more than what the autos costed. Uber also came with a swagger that’s so characteristic of the Silicon Valley start-ups entering newer markets.
But after Friday’s incident involving an Uber driver in Delhi who has been charged with rape by a passenger, the product not just looks flawed, but it also raises concerns about the ‘mad taxi rush’ going on in the country.
Living up to Uber
There is a land grab in the Indian taxi market triggered by Uber’s entry last year. And it’s becoming all about who has got more venture money, can subsidise almost free rides (or the cheapest fares) and offer freebies like nobody else. Many taxi start-ups in India looked up to Uber, got inspired and built their companies. But is Uber living up to its cult image?
The ‘dry response’ from Uber after the Delhi incident said things like suspending accounts of drivers after an incident gets reported. The response also included Uber’s safety mechanisms such as GPS tracking and sharing estimated time of arrival. Unfortunately, all these are not adequate to offer the product Uber stands for. It’s like walking into a shop to buy a merchandise and getting stabbed by a salesperson. Whether that salesperson is a full-time or a part-time employee hardly matters. So, Uber hiring contract drivers and cars from different agencies in India for its services does not lessen the burden of responsibility that lies with the company.
To be sure, the Uber incident underscores growing challenges for other taxi start-ups in India too. This could have been anybody else. There’s not much of background checks that happen while linking drivers to the taxi aggregators. But Uber always stood for something beyond, its promise of safety and reliability being two reasons.
I couldn’t locate Santhosh, the first Uber driver I hired. But two others who I spoke to admitted that Uber has been facing issues of attrition and battling to keep the long-term contracts with travel agencies. There are unanswered questions about how Uber and other taxi operators hire new drivers, the level and intensity of background checks involved. The focus must return to these processes now.
Not new to controversies
Uber is not new to controversies. While the Delhi incident came a day after Uber raised over $1 billion in funding and snagged an eye-popping valuation of $40 billion, a top company executive has been mired in allegations of threatening Sarah Lacy, an influential Silicon Valley blogger, recently.
Investors don’t seem to be giving a damn to any of these. At least their faith in companies with questionable practices and social image does not seem to dent the confidence. For Silicon Valley’s hottest companies including Facebook, Twitter and taxishare app Uber, making money from a growing base of Indian internet users is considered the Holy Grail. What they need to realise is that India and many other alien markets are different. People crave for quality, but they value safety a lot more given massive under-policed populations and other socioeconomic factors. For many in India, a safe commute matters much more than anything else. If that comes with a beautiful experience, many commuters will pay extra.
It’s also the time for investors who back Uber to answer if the brand promise has failed, and how much they really care about it. The lucrative, under-penetrated markets of India are among the reasons for companies such as Uber to enjoy such high valuation. Even Whatsapp and Quora investors have backed them with high hopes based on emerging market opportunities.
It’s time these companies and investors backing them start looking beyond only monetisation challenges in booming internet economies such as India. Operating here will be the biggest challenge they will ever face.
When companies such as Uber enter complex and geographically vast markets like India, they need to sober down on their Valley swagger and get real.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Infosys dives 3% as 4 founders plan to sell stake;  stock is long playYou are here: Home > Collections > Clsa
Infosys slips over 3% as founders sell stake; top Sensex loser
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 09.59AM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(Infy slipped as much as 3.5%…)
NEW DELHI: Infosys Ltd slipped as much as 3.5 per cent in trade on Monday, after media reports that four of its founders are seeking to raise about $1.1 billion by selling stakes in the IT outsourcing company.
At 09:34 a.m.; Infosys was trading 3 per cent lower at Rs 2007. It hit a low of Rs 1996.65 and a high of Rs 2017 in trade today.
The founders are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of 1,988 Indian rupees ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close, Reuters said in a report quoting IFR.
Deutsche Bank is the sole book runner and the books were covered just after the launch, IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication said.
According to analysts, investors with a long term time horizon can still look at buying Infosys at lower levels. Last week in an analysts' meet Dr Sikka reiterated that Infosys continues to be on track to return to industry levels of growth by June 2016.
Dr Sikka reiterated his vision of Infosys' revival, using his 'New+Renew' theme, in the analyst meet held on Thursday last week. Infosys' new management's maiden analyst day was marked by Dr Sikka's reiteration of his 'New+Renew' theme, CLSA said in a report.
The Asia-pacific broker maintains 'buy' on Infosys with a target price of Rs 2500, which translates into an upside of 18.9 per cent in the next 12 months.
We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital, said the CLSA report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent crude near 5-yr low; M.Stanley cuts forecastYou are here: Home > Collections
Brent stays below $69 after Morgan Stanley forecast, China trade data
Reuters Dec 8, 2014, 04.34PM IST
Tags:
Beijing
(Oil prices fell more than…)
LONDON: Brent crude oil fell almost $2 a barrel on Monday to a new five-year low on predictions that oversupply would keep building until next year after OPEC decided not to cut output.
"Without OPEC intervention, markets risk becoming unbalanced, with peak oversupply likely in the second quarter of 2015," Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Longson said.
In a report dated Dec. 5, the US investment bank said oil prices could fall as low as $43 a barrel next year. The bank cut its average 2015 Brent base-case outlook by $28 to $70 per barrel, and by $14 to $88 a barrel for 2016.
Brent crude for January was down $1.45 at $67.62 a barrel by 1030 GMT, having fallen $1.72 to $67.35 -- its lowest since October 2009.
US crude was down $1.16 at $64.68 a barrel, after hitting a session low of $64.63. The US contract, also known as West Texas Intermediate, touched $63.72 last week, its lowest since July 2009.
At a meeting last month, top oil exporter Saudi Arabia resisted calls from poorer members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to reduce production, fuelling a further slide in prices, which have lost more than 40 percent since June.
Signs that the US shale industry has yet to be hit by the slump in crude prices, adding three new oil-drilling rigs in the last week, further depressed the market.
"It was just a small increase, but nevertheless it was an increase despite the sharp price drop," said Carsten Fritsch, senior oil and commodities analyst at Commerzbank in Frankfurt.
"Given continued oversupply and still no sign yet that US oil production starts to show any reaction, perhaps prices will continue to head lower," he added.
Mixed Chinese trade data also unsettled prices.
China's imports shrank unexpectedly in November, falling 6.7 percent, while export growth slowed, fuelling concerns the world's second-largest economy could be facing a sharp slowdown.
China's crude oil imports rose 9 percent in November from October to 6.18 million barrels per day, suggesting the country may be boosting its reserves.
"If one looks at the overall economic indicators, they are all showing a picture of China which is stagnating rather than having strong growth," said Olivier Jakob, oil analyst at Petromatrix in Zug, Switzerland.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shocking: C-grade photos of Bigg Boss stars EXPOSED!Photo uploaded by Kanav Mehra
on Oct 27, 2014 , 11:46 pm
35216 Views  |  29  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
International porn star Sunny Leone became a household name when she appeared on controversial reality show Bigg Boss. Though she didn't really sow that kinky side of hers inside the house and stayed very calm.    Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search
International porn star Sunny Leone became a household name when she appeared on controversial reality show Bigg Boss. Though she didn't really sow that kinky side of hers inside the house and stayed very calm.    Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Typhoon Hagupit weakens to a storm; 3 deadLEGAZPI, Philippines, December 8, 2014
Updated: December 8, 2014 10:55 IST
Typhoon Hagupit weakens to a storm; 3 dead
AP
Tweet
AP
A Filipino man checks his house as he returns to his home in Legazpi, Albay province, eastern Philippines on Monday after strong waves from Typhoon Hagupit battered the coastal village last night.
TOPICS
cyclones
Typhoon Hagupit weakened into a storm on Monday after it left at least three people dead and sent more than a million others into shelters, sparing the central Philippines the massive devastation that a monster storm inflicted on the region last year.
Shallow floods, damaged shanties and ripped off tin roofs were a common sight across the region, but no major destruction has been reported after Hagupit slammed into Eastern Samar and other island provinces.
The typhoon, which made landfall in Eastern Samar late Saturday, was moving slowly at 10 kph and was dumping heavy rain that could possibly trigger landslides and flash floods.
Traumatised by the death and destruction from Typhoon Haiyan last year, more than 1 million people fled to emergency shelters and safer grounds.
Manila Mayor Joseph Estrada said more than 5,000 residents of a shantytown on the edge of Manila Bay have been evacuated due to possible storm surges.
“We’ve prepared and trained for this,” Mr. Estrada told The Associated Press, adding his greatest fear was widespread flooding. Metropolitan Manila has a population of more than 12 million people.
Like villagers in the central Philippines, Mr. Estrada said Manila residents were readily moving to safety because of troublesome memories of Haiyan’s devastation last year.
“That’s still very fresh in their minds,” he said of Haiyan’s tsunami-like storm surges and killer winds that left thousands of people dead and levelled entire villages, most of them in and around Tacloban.
Two people, including a baby girl, died of hypothermia in central Iloilo province on Saturday at the height of the typhoon, disaster-response agency chief Alexander Pama told a news conference. Another person died after being hit by a falling tree in the eastern town of Dolores, where the typhoon first made landfall, according to Interior Secretary Mar Roxas.
Displaced villagers were asked to return home from emergency shelters in provinces where the danger posed by the typhoon had waned, including Albay, where more than half a million people were advised to leave evacuation sites.
Nearly 12,000 villagers, however, will remain in government shelters in Albay because their homes lie near a restive volcano.
While officials expressed relief that the typhoon had not caused major damage, they warned that Hagupit was still on course to cross two major central Philippine islands before starting to blow away on Tuesday into the South China Sea.
Several typhoon-lashed eastern villages isolated by downed telephone and power lines were out of contact, Welfare Secretary Dinky Soliman said.
Army troops deployed to supermarkets and major roads in provinces in the typhoon’s path to prevent looting and chaos and clear debris, all of which slowed the government’s response to Haiyan last year.

Prefer HDFC Bank: Sudarshan Sukhani08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " HDFC Bank has been in a narrow range and it did not participate in the rally in the last few days. So that narrow range will be resolved one way or the other, up or down. If the market prices show any signs of positive impact, if it is in the plus versus Friday's close we want to buy it. It tells us that the narrow range is resolving on the upside."
"HDFC Bank suggests that it is ready for the big expansion. The trend is up so it should be on the way up only. It is worth taking a trade," he said.
RELATED NEWS

JMDE Packaging and Salt Studios deal falls throughDec 08, 2014, 10.17 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JMDE Packaging and Salt Studios deal falls through
JMDE Packaging & Realties Limited and Salt Studios Pvt. Ltd. deal has fallen through. Salt Studios was not able to honour the terms of the investment.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JMDE Packaging and Salt Studios deal falls through
JMDE Packaging & Realties Limited and Salt Studios Pvt. Ltd. deal has fallen through. Salt Studios was not able to honour the terms of the investment.
Post your opinion here
 
JMDE Packaging & Realties Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of Press Release dated December 02, 2014 titled "JMDE Packaging & Realties Ltd and Salt Studios Pvt. Ltd. deal falls through"Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Rupee opens at 61.91: How brokers see outlook for todayRupee opens at 61.91: How brokers see outlook for today
Uber In Trouble : Driver Accused Of Rape; Govt. Considering Cancellation Of Delhi PermitUber In Trouble : Driver Accused Of Rape; Govt. Considering Cancellation Of Delhi Permit
Market drifts lower in early tradeMarket drifts lower in early trade
Frontier Leasing & Finance announced announces appointment of directorFrontier Leasing & Finance announced announces appointment of director
CA names Hughes 13th man of Australian squadCA names Hughes 13th man of Australian squad
Dolphin Offshore stock zooms 6%Dolphin Offshore stock zooms 6%
Sensex slips over 15 points; IT shares fallSensex slips over 15 points; IT shares fall
This is the best zero debt  with good track record of growth in sales ...New Member
0 Follower
This...Oriental Carbon & Chemicals Ltd. is the best zero debt, with good track record of growth in sales and net profit , dividend and having good book value. Also this stock is related with Auto sector as supplying raw material for tyre companies its anice buy, Why we are getting it on this cheap     around 263 /- value....so take benefit of it. and buy...for a long @ 1 year horizon you will get a nice gain.

Looks very strong  and had been consolidating for sometime now. everyt...New Member
1 Followers
Looks very strong, and had been consolidating for sometime now. Everything is falling in place for the company and is also set for acquiring new defence orders from the government. Should see levels of 75 – 100 within a year...
10.58 AM Dec 8th  | Track

China faces more pressure as Nov imports drop  exports slowChina faces more pressure as Nov imports drop, exports slow
Reuters | Beijing Dec 08, 2014 10:16 AM IST
China's imports shrank unexpectedly in November while export growth slowed, fueling concerns the world's second-largest economy could be facing a sharper slowdown and adding pressure on policymakers to ramp up stimulus measures.
Exports rose 4.7% from a year earlier, while imports dropped 6.7%, the biggest drop since March, data released by the General Administration of Customs showed on Monday.
That left the country with a record trade surplus of $54.5 billion, which analysts say could increase upward pressure on the yuan even as exporters are struggling.
Economists polled by Reuters had expected exports to grow 8.2%, a 3.9% rise in imports and a trade surplus of $43.5 billion, all slowing from October.
"Despite another record surplus, the details paint a grim picture with slower export growth and a contraction in commodity imports in volume terms," said Andy Ji, senior currency strategist at Commonwealth Bank of Australia in Singapore.
Exports have been the lone bright spot for China's economy in the last few months, perhaps helping to offset soft domestic demand, but there are doubts about the accuracy of the official numbers amid signs of a resurgence of speculative currency flows through inflated trade receipts.
Dariusz Kowalczyk at Credit Agricole CIB in Hong Kong said over-reporting in exports may have been curbed in November, which contributed to a weaker reading. But he added the import contraction was "shocking", reflecting not only lower commodity prices but poor domestic demand.
"This means that pressure will rise on the government to do more to stimulate growth," he said.
"We expect a reserve requirement ratio cut in December, introduction of reverse repos this week, and another rate cut in the first quarter. The yuan should rise further on the data."
After saying for months that China does not need any big economic stimulus, the People's Bank of China (PBOC) surprised financial markets by lowering rates on Nov. 21 to shore up growth and help firms pay off mountains of debt.
The government is due to release data on factory output, fixed-asset investment and retail sales later this week.
Analysts see more policy moves in coming months if the economy continues to stumble, with many expecting both more rate cuts and reductions in banks' reserve requirement ratios (RRR).
Sources familiar with China's policy-making said leaders are prepared to lower rates again and loosen lending curbs on concerns that falling prices could cause a spike in bad loans, business failures and job losses.
"We expect at least one more policy rate cut, 2-3 RRR cuts and targeted measures (to inject more liquidity into the banking system) throughout 2015," said Haibin Zhu at JP Morgan.
2015 GROWTH TARGET COULD BE CUT
Annual economic growth slowed to 7.3% in the third quarter, the weakest since the global financial crisis, weighed down by a sagging housing market and tighter credit conditions.
Full-year growth is on track to undershoot the government's 7.5% target and mark the weakest expansion in 24 years.
China's leaders are reluctant to repeat strong stimulus similar to the one implemented during the height of the global crisis, which resulted in piles of debt, but they are mindful of the risk that a sharper growth slowdown could undermine reforms.
The leadership is due to open a key meeting on Tuesday to map out economic and reform plans for 2015, including economic targets which will be unveiled in parliament next March, sources at top government think-tanks said.
Government think-tanks, which make policy proposals, have urged Beijing to cut its economic growth target next year, probably to around 7%.

Over 4 000 security personnel guarding Modi s Srinagar rallyOver 4,000 security personnel guarding Modi's Srinagar rally
IANS | Srinagar Dec 08, 2014 09:50 AM IST
Authorities Monday deployed more than 4,000 security personnel to secure the venue of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's public rally in Srinagar.
"We are taking no chances with security on the prime minister's visit to Srinagar today especially in the wake of last Friday's terror attacks in the Valley," a top official of the state's security grid told IANS here.
The officer also confirmed that more than 4,000 security personnel drawn from central and state security forces have been deployed on the security in and around the Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium, where Modi will address a BJP election rally today afternoon.
"This is in addition to security force deployment at other places in Srinagar city", the officer said.
Restrictions have also been imposed in five police station areas of Srinagar. The areas placed under restrictions fall under the jurisdiction of Rainawari, Nowhatta, M.R. Gunj, Khanyar and Safakadal police stations.
Modi will visit the Badami Bagh cantonment headquarters of the army's 15 corps in Srinagar before arriving at the public rally venue in the afternoon, BJP sources said here.
"The Prime Minister will begin his Srinagar visit by paying homage to the martyrs of the army who laid down their lives fighting the terror attack at Mahura camp in Uri last Friday", a local BJP leader told IANS.

AAP protests outside Rajnath s residence over taxi rapeAAP protests outside Rajnath's residence over taxi rape
IANS | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 09:30 AM IST
Scores of Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) members staged a protest outside Home Minister Rajnath Singh's residence here Monday morning over inaction against the cab company Uber, whose driver was arrested for raping a 25-year-old analyst.
AAP members gathered outside the home minister's residence around 7.50 a.m and raised slogans against the government and Delhi Police for not taking proper action against the cab company.
"At least 100 protestors have been detained for protesting outside the home minister's residence and have been taken to the police station," DCP Vijay Singh told IANS.
An AAP party member told IANS that the protest was led by AAP activist Aatishi Marlena.

Central Bank eyes Rs 626 cr via shareSave this video
Copy URL
State-owned Central Bank of India today said it would raise about Rs 626 crore through preferential allotment of shares to country's largest insurer LIC to fund business growth.
57

Al-Qaida kills US  South African hostages in YemenBy: Associated Press | Sanaa |
Posted: December 6, 2014 5:07 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 4:00 pm
An American photojournalist and a South African aid worker held by al-Qaida militants in Yemen have been killed in a failed US rescue attempt  , authorities said Saturday.
Speaking in Afghanistan, US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Luke Somers ” and a second non-US citizen hostage were murdered” by al-Qaida militants during the raid.
The aid group Gift of Givers later identified the second hostage as South African teacher Pierre Korkie, who the group said was to be released Sunday.
They said he was to be flown out of Yemen “under diplomatic cover, then to meet with family members in a ‘safe’ country, (and) fly to South Africa.” Hagel did not identify Korkie by name.
“Yesterday by the order of the president of the United States, US special operations forces conducted a mission in Yemen to rescue a US citizen Luke Somers and any other foreign nationals held hostage with him,” Hagel said. “There were compelling reasons to believe Somers’ life was in imminent danger.”
Lucy Somers, the photojournalist’s sister, told The Associated Press that she and her father learned of her 33-year-old brother’s death from FBI agents at 0500 GMT (12 a.m. EST) Saturday.
“We ask that all of Luke’s family members be allowed to mourn in peace,” Lucy Somers said from London. There was no immediate comment from security officials in Yemen’s capital, Sanaa.
Yemen’s local al-Qaida branch, Al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, posted a video Thursday that showed Somers, threatening to kill him in three days if the United States didn’t meet the group’s demands, which weren’t specified. He was kidnapped in September 2013 from Sanaa.
The news of the failed rescue comes after a suspected US drone strike in Yemen killed nine alleged al-Qaida militants early Saturday, a Yemeni security official said before news of Somers’ death.
The drone struck at dawn in Yemen’s southern Shabwa province, hitting a suspected militant hideout, the official said. The official did not elaborate and spoke on condition of anonymity as he wasn’t authorized to brief journalists.
Later Saturday, tribal leaders said they saw helicopters flying over an area called Wadi Abdan in Shabwa province. American authorities rarely discuss their drone strike campaign in Yemen.
The strikes are despised by many in Yemen due to civilian casualties, legitimizing for many the attacks on American interests. At least six suspected militants were killed in an airstrike in the same province last month.
Before her brother’s death, Lucy Somers released an online video describing him as a romantic who “always believes the best in people.” She ended with the plea: “Please let him live.”
In a statement, Somers’ father, Michael, also called his son “a good friend of Yemen and the Yemeni people” and asked for his safe release.
Korkie was kidnapped in the Yemeni city of Taiz in May, along with his wife Yolande. His wife later was released returned to South Africa. A non-governmental group, Gift of the Givers, continued…

Viral video 2014: A  haunted  house in HaryanaHaryana’s ‘haunted’ house that catches fire on its own
by clipko 1:17 mins
Haryana’s ‘haunted’ house that catches fire on its own
by clipko 1:17 mins
Residents of this house in Sonepat, Haryana are forced to stay on the street because it is ‘haunted’.
Link

Terrifying image of new Islamic State weaponIs this the latest IS killing machine?
By AFP | Yahoo7 –  Thu 4 Dec, 2014
  Article: Iraq's divisions will delay counter-offensive on Islamic State
Reuters - Sun 30 Nov, 2014
Pictures have emerged of what could be Islamic State terrorists' latest killing machine - a 3m rifle that fires 23mm calibre bullets.
The picture, said to be taken in Kobane, shows that the contraption is so long that it has to be supported by two tripods.
If the rifle works it could fire ammunition that would pierce lightly armoured vehicles.
Firearms expert David Dyson told the mailonline it was unclear how well the weapon is made.
"Is the barrel accurately machined and rifled?
"The effect will also depend on the type of ammunition used. These rounds exist [23mm] fitted with high explosive incendiary or armour piercing incendiary projectiles. They will be effective against personnel and vehicles including lightly armoured ones."
An international coalition including Australia has been formed to stop the IS advance through Iraq and Syria.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has welcomed Iranian military action against IS jihadists in Iraq as "positive" after the Pentagon said Tehran had carried out air strikes against the group.
Kerry, hosting a meeting of an anti-IS coalition in Brussels, said international airstrikes were finally stopping the advance of the jihadists across Iraq and Syria, but warned it could take years to finally defeat them.
But in a sign of the deepening complexity of the regional conflagration, Syria's Iranian-backed President Bashar al-Assad criticised the Western and Arab air strikes for having no effect.
Kerry told the meeting of officials from 60 states in the coalition that a campaign of around 1,000 strikes had had a "significant" impact on the Sunni extremist IS, which declared a caliphate in Syria and Iraq in June.
An explosion taking place near Kobane, Syria. Photo: Getty
"Our commitment will most likely be measured in years," he told the meeting at NATO headquarters, adding that the partners would "engage in this campaign for as long as it takes to prevail".
He denied there was any military coordination with Iran, after the Pentagon said earlier that Iranian F-4 Phantom jets -- acquired from the United States before the 1979 Islamic revolution -- had deployed against IS fighters in eastern Iraq's Diyala province.
Syrian Kurds Battle IS To Retain Control Of Kobani. Photo: Getty
But he suggested there is an understanding between mainly Shia Iran and the United States to tackle a common threat.
"If Iran is taking on (IS) in some particular place... and it has an impact, then it's going to be net effect (that) is positive," Kerry told a press conference after the meeting.
In Washington, US defence officials said the Iranian air raids were part of a pattern in which Iranian or American military advisers have carved out separate spheres in Iraq.
John Kerry has welcomed Iranian military action against ISIS. Photo: Getty
A defence official said both Tehran and Washington want to avoid confrontations or accidents that could turn into an international crisis.
But the US-led coalition is ready to tolerate Iranian military advisers or aircraft in eastern or southern provinces with large Shiite populations.
"There's a tacit understanding we're not going to operate in the same space. And they're not targeting American forces," the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told AFP
Iran neither confirmed nor denied carrying out any such strikes.
The coalition issued a statement saying that the militant group's "advance across Syria and into Iraq is being halted", and that Iraqi and Kurdish forces were reclaiming territory.
Morning news break – December 4
Recommend

Removal of 80:20 rule: Effect of new norms on gold importsGold
(Imports have soared in the…)
Last week, the government pulled off a policy announcement which took many by surprise. It introduced a measure which effectively liberalised gold imports, lifting a norm that made traders re-export 20% gold they imported. In other words, if importers bought 100 units of gold into the country, they had to reexport 20 units earlier.
The move was aimed at controlling the flow of gold into the country, which in recent months has turned into a veritable flood. According to the data released by the World Gold Council, in the third quarter of 2014, India imported 204 tonnes of gold for domestic consumption, up by 124% from the year-ago period. At a time when industry is still weak, and trade hit by low global growth, gold imports, usually high ahead of the marriage season, are a possible indicator that some categories of consumers at least are bullish. Following the removal of restrictions, gold soared by Rs 840 per 10 gm on December 2, the year's biggest single-day rise.
Gold Rush
Yet, high and rising gold imports have hardly been good for the trade deficit. In October, the deficit rose to $14.2 billion, partly due to weak exports — hit by slow growth of India's key trading partners — but also due to a dramatic jump in gold imports to $4.2 billion, up by almost 280% from a year earlier.
The 80:20 rule was introduced in August last year as one of many measures to curb gold imports seen as rising at an alarming pace at a time when India's external finances were in a worse shape than they are now. The country had been battered by a sharp fall in the rupee and a gloomy sentiment ahead of elections. Other measures to curb gold imports included hiking customs duty.
None of these had any effect if the gold import numbers are anything to go by. "There is always gold available in this country if anyone wants to buy," points out Rajesh Mehta, executive chairman of Rajesh Exports, one of India's largest gold importers. Indeed, these measures merely led to gold being smuggled into the country — witness the jump in gold seizures by Customs officials at various ports and airports in recent months.
The scrapping of the 80:20 rule, from that perspective, was merely the removal of a policy measure which had little effect in achieving its aim.
Ironically, even though Mehta welcomes the scrapping of the 80:20 norm, he points out that the implementation of the change is uncertain. "Gold imports have virtually ceased since Friday [the day of the policy change]," says Mehta. He says that this is because the policy changes have not yet filtered down to field staff in the Customs department in terms of instructions on how to implement the new policy.
But what effect will the new norms have on gold imports over the longer term?
The good news is that there may be no immediate effect on imports over at least the next couple of months. "I don't see any major jump in gold imports till the next festival season," says T Gnanasekar, director of CommTrendz, a commodities and foreign exchange research firm. As he points out, most of the gold buying for the current marriage season has happened. "Plus, most traders have ample stocks," he says.
  Slow Burn
But gold imports will certainly rise over time, he says. According to Gnanasekar, gold imports could rise by as much as 70-80% over time following the move to liberalize the 80:20 norm. For his part, Mehta says that gold imports could rise by about 25% from current levels because of the liberalized norms.
However, he points out: "It is important to note that the effect will be on illegal imports of gold." In other words, if 100 units of gold were being imported illegally till now, that will fall to 75, with 25 being added to the tally of legal imports. Thus, even as the trade deficit may show a jump, the actually volume of gold being imported into the country — through both legal and illegal channels — may not change much.
But even with this liberalisation, the government's schizophrenic approach to gold remains. "Even now, there is a 10.3% import duty on gold," Mehta says. "This accounts for the major reason why gold was being bought in illegally. The removal of the 80:20 rule will only partly affect the import of gold through illegal means."
The broader context in which gold imports have soared is a global shift among investors away from commodities in general towards financial assets like equity. But this could change, and if there is a significant weakening in global growth and increase in uncertainty, investors will be tempted to flood back into that safe haven — gold. "If investment demand rises, it could further lead to an increase in demand for the metal," says Gnanasekar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI to ease rates by 50 bps in 2015: Morgan Stanleyfiscal deficit
(The RBI is expected to lower…)
NEW DELHI: The RBI is expected to lower policy rates by 50 basis points in 2015 with the first rate cut likely as early as February next year on the back of slowing inflation, global brokerage firm Morgan Stanley said.
The report said the magnitude of rate cuts would depend on the trajectory of inflation, which is expected to reach 6 per cent level on a sustained basis by March 2015.
"In our base case, we expect inflation to reach the 6 per cent level on a sustained basis by March 2015 (same as the RBI's expectation). We therefore assume 50 basis points policy rate cuts in 2015 in our base case," Morgan Stanley said in a research note.
"We believe that the first rate cut is likely to be in February / March 2015," the report added.
In terms of magnitude of rate cuts, Morgan Stanley expects 50-100 basis points of policy rate cuts in 2015, depending on the inflation trajectory, which in turn will be dependent on the trend in commodity prices, fiscal deficit and rural wage growth.
The upside and downside risks to these forecasts would be influenced by two key factors: the pace of policy actions to revive productivity dynamic and the strength of external demand recovery, it said.
At the December 2 monetary policy review, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan chose to hold rates, saying it is premature to go in for a cut at the moment, but held out hope of a cut if inflation falls.
On economic growth, the report said GDP growth on a quarterly basis is expected to accelerate from the current pace of 5.3 per cent for the quarter ended September 30, to 7.3 per cent in the March quarter of 2017.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India surprised this year on GDP growth front: CitigroupCitigroup
(According to Citi, following…)
NEW DELHI: India has "really surprised" in 2014 and it might do so again next year as the country's GDP figure is expected to pick-up from 5.6 per cent in the current fiscal to 7 per cent in 2016-17, a Citigroup report says.
According to the global financial services major, following two years of sub 5 per cent growth, India's GDP is expected to be around 5.6 per cent in 2014-15 and around 6.5 per cent in 2015-16.
"We believe India could make material strides in reforming the 'factors of production' in 2015 - land, labour, capital and enterprise. Faster than anticipated progress on these fronts could result in upsides to our FY16 GDP estimate of 6.5 per cent.
"Investment and consumption resulting in growth pick-up from 5.6 per cent in FY15 to 7 per cent in FY17," Citigroup said in a research note, adding that "reform momentum could accelerate the pace".
The Indian economy picked up momentum, driven by business friendly Narendra Modi government, progress on RBI's financial sector reforms and sharp drop in commodity prices.
All these factors have been "high on the radar of global investors with equity markets up 35 per cent so far this year and a stable currency in the Rs 59-63 range".
The global brokerage firm noted that in 2013, it was the CAD that was brought down from 4.7 per cent of GDP to 1.7 per cent; in 2014, it was inflation which fell from a peak of 11 per cent to 5.5 per cent, and in 2015 it is likely to show up in interest rates and growth.
"While one can debate on the timing, we reiterate our view that India is on its way back to 7 per cent growth and lower inflation," the report noted.
The GDP growth in the second quarter of this fiscal year slowed marginally to 5.3 per cent lower than the 5.7 per cent print in this first quarter.
"Despite the deceleration in second quarter GDP growth, we maintain our view of FY15 GDP at 5.6 per cent as the risks are fairly balanced" Citigroup said driven by pick-up in reforms momentum, sharp decline in inflation and continued de-bottlenecking of stalled investments.
According to Citigroup, there are three internal risk factors to the aforementioned projections -- NPA issues in the banking sector, jobless growth, and minority status in the Rajya Sabha. The three major external risk factors include, geo-political/price shocks, market turbulence and global trade protectionism.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Discovering life on the Indo-China border1962 conflict
(ET Magazine travels to India’s…)
Metak Meyor's shop is a mini supermarket of sorts: it stocks grocery, vegetables, garments (from woollens to belts), footwear, personal care items (lip guards, Vicks VapoRub) and, for good measure, Bacardi Breezer and Bagpiper whisky. And there's that time-honoured symbol of telecommunication on the counter: a phone with an STD connection.
Meyor's crammed mini-mart is like any other you're likely to stumble upon in semiurban and rural India, and even in the farflung suburbs of big metros. The only difference is that this shop is a fair bit in the outbacks — to be precise the 35-year-old Meyor's smallyet-big bazaar is located in Musai, one of India's eastern-most villages that borders China.
Welcome to India's eastern-most administrative circle, Kibithu, nestled in Anjaw district of Arunachal Pradesh. Musai, and six other villages of Anjaw, fall within 15 kilometres of the McMahon Line that separates India from China.
Don't look for the border, though; there's no fencing and the armies on both sides guard their respective areas on the basis of what they perceive is their land. Standing on the bank of the Lohit river in Kibithu, it's difficult for a tourist to figure out which hill belongs to India and which to China — unless, of course, someone like Meyor offers to help you out.
Meyor, like the 260-odd residents of her village, has grown up hearing stories of the Chinese occupation of 1962. "My mother Chingdema is now 80 years old, but she vividly remembers the days when our village fell into the hands of the Chinese army," she says.
Shadows From the Past
In 1962, Brigadier NC Rawlley and his men held back the Chinese aggressors along the 37-km-long Kibithu-Walong stretch for 22 days. But with no road connectivity then to Tezu, the town located 230 km down the road from Walong, the Indian Army faced severe shortages of artillery, ammunition, food and winter clothing; they had little choice but to retreat on November 16, 1962, according to an inscription in Walong's war memorial.
The Chinese army came down to Changwinti, 90 km inside the Indian territory, but returned because there was no road onward. Achutso Chaitom, an 11-year-old lad then, saw the Chinese army trekking through the hills on the Indian side.
"The memories of 1962 still haunt us. But we are cent percent Indians and we don't want to be second-class citizens of China," says Chaitom, now the gaon burah (which literally means the 'eldest man') of Mechong village in Changwinti.
Then again, there is someone like Tope Meyor in Walong who says it does not really matter whether his house and his farm belong to India or China. "If it is written in our fate that we will be under Chinese occupation someday, we have to accept it," says Tope.
Akhraiso Ngadong from Towa village has a different take. "We have heard that China claims Arunachal Pradesh as its own. But we are not scared. The Indian Army is guarding us day and night," says Ngadong who works as a clerk in the state education department and rides his two-wheeler to attend office at Hayuliang, 22 km from his village.
  State of Affairs
Such a transection of opinion is valuable in a state that China claims as its own; in a state where the Chinese army is said to periodically cross to the Indian side; and in a state to which China has managed to stall funding for development, and continues with such attempts (see Why the McMahon Line Matters).
Whilst China has its strategic reasons for laying claim to Arunachal, it wouldn't be unfair to say that for many Indians, the state is just an appendage on a large map: it's too distant, too alien to comprehend and accept as a part of the collective Indian consciousness (whatever that may be); and that's reflected in the rising number of attacks on the 'outsiders' from Arunachal (as well as other parts of the northeast).
Arunachal, which is almost as large as West Bengal and larger than states like Punjab, Haryana and Himachal at almost 84,000 sq km, is distant — and the borders even more so.
This writer reached the border villages on Day 3 after crossing the Lohit river by ferry and travelling about 450 km from the Dibrugarh airport in Assam. There were two night halts, one at Tezu and the other at Hawai, the newly-built district headquarters of Anjaw.
Most of the villagers in the border areas wear their patriotism on their sleeve, never losing an opportunity to remind this writer that they are Indians. The lack of development and the fear of incursions are irritants but not large enough to upset their state of mind.
As one of the women in the border villages summed it up, quite simply: "How can we be unhappy when we have these hills and this river?"

AP can take care of half of India s power deficit: CM Nabam Tuki(Excerpts from an exclusive…)
On infrastructure creation on the border
Earlier, we were deprived of the border infrastructure as the government of India's policy was not to build permanent infrastructure there. It was the UPA government that took a policy decision to build infrastructure. It was only in 2008 that the PM's special package of Rs 24,000 crore was announced for Arunachal Pradesh. Now, the cost of the projects under that package has gone up to Rs 36,000 crore. The package was mostly for connectivity, including trans-Arunachal highways connecting all district headquarters, and also connectivity near the international border [with China].
That will connect many of the habitations in border areas. It will also be useful for our armed forces and the movement of big machinery for hydroelectric projects that are expected to come up in the river basins. Also, the construction of advanced landing grounds at places such as Pasighat, Tezu, Ziro, Along, Mechuka and Vijay Nagar will increase connectivity. Those will be used both by military and civilians. I am hopeful that the projects under the 2008 package will be completed in another three to four years.
On the need for horizontal roads in the border areas to prevent migration of people into urban parts of the state
In September, we took two important cabinet decisions. First, we decided to approach the Centre to construct an industrial corridor connecting major habitations in the foothill areas — from Derapani in West Kameng district to Ruksing in East Siang district. The other decision was regarding the need for a road connecting all border habitations — right from Thingbu in Tawang district to Vijay Nagar in Changlang district. The Centre has recently expressed its desire to build a horizontal border road. This is in line with our Cabinet decision. The road will stop migration of the people living in border areas to the towns. Our administration has been extending housing, health and education schemes in those areas. Keeping in mind the extreme conditions in border areas, we have recently taken a decision to give free rice [up to 10 kg a month] for the people living in the border areas, as there is less economic activity there. I admit, migration has been happening, but it has not taken alarming proportions as yet. The main concern is that youths belonging to those areas are coming down to the urban areas.
On the BJP government at the Centre
I don't see any difficulty in getting our due despite there being a BJP government at the Centre. I hope the spirit of democracy is maintained. The Centre must treat all states equally irrespective of the party in power in a particular state.
On illicit opium cultivation
We are aware of this menace. In some areas, people have been cultivating opium for their economic sustainability. Some villagers use opium for medicinal purposes. But we are now giving them alternative means of livelihood — like ginger, cardamom and other cash crops. I have publicly appealed to the people to stop cultivating opium. But I can't stop it overnight. It will have to be a gradual process.
On hydroelectric projects
If the government takes the potential of Arunachal's hydroelectric power seriously, half of the power deficiency in the country will end. It's unfortunate that some NGOs in Assam have been blocking these projects. In this same valley, China has been building hydroelectric projects. China is building dams on Tsangpo river, which we call Siang in Arunachal Pradesh and Brahmaputra in Assam. They have already commissioned one project. They are building many other projects on the same river. But there are many stumbling blocks in implementing such projects here. The Lower Subansiri project [billed as the largest hydroelectric project in India, when completed], for example, has been suffering for the past three years. The work has been stalled and Rs 10 crore is being lost every day.
On trespassing by the Chinese Army
Till now, there has been no incidence of the Chinese harming our villagers. Until and unless there is any major provocation, our people living in the border areas are not scared. The Chinese army comes to the border, crosses over to our side, leaves some signs on trees or stones and then goes back. They don't stay inside our territory for a long period. But they have been lobbying around the world to portray Arunachal as a disputed territory. Because of the Chinese pressure, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank don't fund any project in Arunachal Pradesh. Now, they are convincing Japan not to fund any project in Arunachal Pradesh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi govt wants to make north-east a trade hub of South East AsiaASEAN
("The North Eastern region…)
AGARTALA: Union Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju today said the Narendra Modi government has changed the 'Look-East Policy' to 'Act East Policy' to make the North-Eastern region a trade and business hub of South East Asia .
"The North Eastern region has 98% of its border with South Asian countries and the rest 2% is with India. Where North-East ends, South Asia begins.
"We want to make the region the trade and commercial hub for the South East Asia. We earmarked Rs 53,000 crore for overall development of the region in the last budget," Rijiju told reporters after inaugurating a cargo loading station at the Akhaura Integrated Check Post (ICP).
Former union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on November 17 last year had inaugurated India's second international-standard multi-purpose ICP in Agartala along the Indo-Bangla international border.
Rijiju said he told a Japanese delegation in New Delhi on Friday that the central government wants massive investment in the north-eastern region for utilisation of the untapped resources of the region.
During his visit to the NE states earlier this week, the Prime Minister had said the Government was converting the 'Look East policy to Act East policy'. He said the Government signed an agreement with Japan, to open an economic corridor with Myanmar, which would boost employment in the region.
The Prime Minister had also announced during the ASEAN summit last month that the 'Look East Policy' has become 'Act East Policy'.
The eight NE states - Assam, Tripura, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Manipur, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim - share international boundaries with China, Myanmar, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Nepal.
Stating that most part of the north-eastern region is peaceful, except some portion of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur.
"Manipur remained a challenge to us. I appeal to the insurgents to shun the path of violence to return to normal life and take part in building up the region. There would be no dearth of rehabilitation packages," he said.
The minister said talks are on with a faction of ULFA and NSCN which is progressing in positive directions.
"The central government appointed a new interlocutor R N Ravi for holding peace talks with NSCN and we hope the result will be positive," he added.
Ravi is also the chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Placements start on a high note at new IITsPlacements start on a high note at new IITs
By Sreeradha D Basu & Devina Sengupta, ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.13AM IST
In the first week of placements, 60% of the 120-strong batch at IIT Mandi had already been placed across 16 companies.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: They may be unable to boast of crore-plus packages like their more established brethren, but newer IITs have got off on a strong note this placement season. Those in this group, like IIT Ropar, IIT Gandhinagar , IIT Bhubaneswar and IIT Mandi, confirm that hiring season will surpass previous years.
In the first week of placements , 60% of the 120-strong batch at IIT Mandi had already been placed across 16 companies.
IIT Mandi was started in 2009. And at IIT Gandhinagar, which was established in 2008, 15 firms picked up 50% of their undergraduates.
Mahindra & Mahindra, Flipkart , Cognizant and Microsoft are some of the companies that have hired from the new IITs this year.
"Salaries are better this year, firms from power and e-commerce sectors are still to come and despite not having branches in core and computer science, we will get more companies than the 45 last year," says a placement team member at IIT Gandhinagar. The institute has to place 127 students.
Hiring season for the most of the newer IITs starts in end-October — earlier than their older counterparts. After a week of placements, they typically begin a rolling process. This gives them a headstart and time to bring in additional firms during the course.
To give their 108 students more options, IIT Ropar approached several new companies well in advance. It is running a parallel recruitment process of two companies on the same day, a strategy the older institutes adopt.
At IIT Mandi, the highest salary offered by an IT firm was Rs 27 lakh as compared to Rs 23-24 lakh last year. Amazon offered Rs 29 lakh to students of IIT Ropar and they got seven pre-placement offers (PPOs) as compared to two last year. The average salary so far is Rs 11 lakh.
"Average packages have gone up by 15-20% this year. The number of PPOs have doubled from last year," said Arti Kashyap faculty advisor, IIT Mandi. "This year, the response from core companies for mechanical and electrical engineering students is much better. Average packages in this sector are between Rs 7 lakh and Rs 12 lakh," adds Kashyap.
The feel-good sentiment has made IIT Bhubaneswar experiment with placement timings. They started their recruitment season on December 1, like their more established counterparts, and in the past two days, Flipkart, Cognizant, Tata Motors and United Health Group have hired 25 students from a batch of 145. "The new schedule has given us time to get more firms and complete our hiring at one stretch," says a placement team official at the institute.

IITs launch deferred placement programme for studentsThe idea is just two years old across most IITs, but none of them have had instances of students returning for placements.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The likes of Facebook and Oracle have been rolling out crore-plus offers at IIT campuses, but not everyone's biting. Mechanical engineering student Vaibhav Antil, for instance, has caught the start-up bug and is keener to develop his mobile app-based idea around music than work for someone else.
A number of IITs now have a fallback option for graduating students like him. To encourage them to do their own thing, IIT-Bombay has allowed Antil to be part of a deferred placement programme (DPP), which will allow him to return to campus for interviews in the next two years if his business idea doesn't work out.
Engineering physics student Anurag Meena, who's trying to develop a non-invasive drug delivery and diagnosis product with his professor, is also taking the DPP. Last year, only one student at IIT-B opted for deferred placements; this year, this year, 12 have, said placement manager Mohak Mehta.
IIT-Kanpur is offering the opportunity for the first time and six students have already opted for it. IIT-Madras is extending it to even students who wish to do a PhD, said officials.
The prototype of Meena's project with Professor RohitSrivastava is being funded by the Tata Centre for Design at IIT-B. Of the 12 students, five are working on various projects for the Centre for Technology for Alternatives for Rural Areas (C-TARA) at IIT-B. SandhyaSeetharaman is working with C-TARA on a project that would require her to evaluate environmental safeguards in district rural roads plans under the PradhanMantri Gram SadakYojna.
"We tried spreading awareness on campus and sent regular mails to students. We wanted to brand it as a positive 'benefit' being 'awarded' to credible students. Once applications came in, we interviewed the students. Not everyone who applies gets an opportunity," said Mehta of IIT-B.
Amruthkumar Hegde, a mechanical engineering student from IIT-Madras, and his friend Krishna Chaitanya, wanted to try their luck once with the civil services exam before appearing for their placement interviews. "I would like to see if I stand a chance in the all-India test. After a year, the institute will take a call on extension," he said.
Most students are availing of the option even as they hope they don't need it. "I am confident about setting up my own venture by then. But since the chance to defer placement is available, I sought it," said Meena.
The idea is just two years old across most IITs, but none of them have had instances of students returning for placements. Though students at IIT-Roorkee had earlier used the benefits of deferred placements, this year there were no requests, said a senior official.

4.5 crore people waiting for govt jobs across country4.5 crore people waiting for government jobs across country
By B Sivakumar, TNN | 7 Dec, 2014, 12.56PM IST
0
Share More
Across India there are many waiting patiently for a government job after registering with employment exchanges. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
R Vadivelu, a qualified technician in Theni district of Tamil Nadu, got a government job 30 years after he registered with an employment exchange. By the time he got the appointment letter, he was 58 years old and he worked for only 10 months before retiring.
Across India there are many like him, waiting patiently for a government job after registering with employment exchanges. croreAccording to the data presented in Parliament on Thursday, there are 4.47 crore people registered with employment exchanges in the country. Despite being an industrialized state, Tamil Nadu tops states in the number of people waiting for government jobs . The state has 77 lakh people who have registered their names with employment exchanges. West Bengal comes second with 70.68 lakh people, followed by Uttar Pradesh with 60.70 lakh.
Vadivelu registered in an employment exchange in Madurai in 1987 and got an appointment letter in the middle of 2012. "I joined as a fitter in a government workshop in Theni and worked for 10 months and retired in 2013. Though I represented my case to several depart ments and even to the assembly, I did not get any relief," said Vadivelu. He is not eligible for pension and hence the basic objective of landing a government job -financial security in old age -has been defeated.
"Whether the state is industrialized or not, people still clamour for a government job because of the security it offers. A person after entering government service need not fear about losing the employment and there is also financial security after retirement in the form of pension," said Jawaharlal Nehru University economist Prof Jayati Ghosh . Though there are many industries in Tamil Nadu, including those that are labour-intensive, not many jobs are created to absorb the labour force with basic education and low skills, she said.
Some states like Ta mil Nadu have many vacancies in govern ment departments and can also create more jobs. "The job struc ture currently in prac tice in government departments was designed in 1947. Since then the population and government functions have increased manifold but successive governments have not taken steps to change the structure and give opportunities to people willing to join government service," said Tamil Nadu Government Employees Association general secretary R Balasubramanian.
Most of those who have registered in employment exchanges have either fin ished their higher second ary or hold a degree. There are a few doctors and engineers too. Minister of state for labour and employment Bandaru Dattatreya, in a reply to a question in the Rajya Sabha, recently said: "The government has taken steps to enhance employability and employment in the coun try by promoting labour-in tensive industries like con struction, real estate, transport and tourism and establishing micro, small and medium enterprises."

I have worked on my technique  hopefully things will changeBy: Press Trust of India | Adelaide |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:57 pm
He claims to have corrected the technical glitch which affected his performance during the forgettable tour of England earlier this year and Indian batsman Cheteshwar Pujara is confident that his scoring touch will return in the upcoming Test series against Australia in Adelaide.
Speaking to the media ahead of the opening Test starting December 9 in Adelaide, Pujara said the poor run he endured in the Test series against England this past summer was a blip.
“As a player, I feel there are always some tough times in your career. And England tour was one of those series,” he said.
“You learn from your failures and failures have taught me so many things. When you are successful you don’t worry about your game or your mental strength. So when you fail, naturally there are questions asked and that’s the time to grow up as a cricketer and handle that pressure.
“Overall I have done well wherever I have played and England was just a blip in that respect. It was just one of those tours where nothing went my way. As a team also we didn’t do very well there. Overall we have done well as a unit in the last one year travelling overseas and we are hopeful that we will do well on this upcoming tour as well,” he added.
Pujara had made his Test debut against Australia in 2010-11 home series, but couldn’t hold on to a permanent spot in the team due to an injury and the selection merry-go-round.
He made a comeback in the 2012-13 home season and made the number three spot his own after the retirement of Rahul Dravid. In 10 Tests, he scored four hundreds, including two double hundreds as New Zealand, England and Australia got a taste of his prowess.
He continued the good work in South Africa as Team India began its overseas tours in December 2013. But New Zealand was where his form waned off a bit and he disappointed with his shot selection during the two-match Test series, averaging only 15.
The England trip then compounded his misery where he scored at only 22.20 in five Tests as India lost 3-1.
“I have analysed my batting over the last two overseas tours. In England I realised a few things what I was doing wrong and needed to work on. I tried correcting that but it didn’t work.”
“I wouldn’t want to reveal my weakness here or what was wrong with my technique in England. However I do feel that technique is my strong point and I have worked hard at it. Hopefully things will turn around for me now,” Pujara said.
When asked about his subsequent county stint with Derbyshire, the batsman replied, “Surely the county stint was a good experience. I enjoyed the cricket there.
Even the Test series was a learning experience but it didn’t go our way.
Altogether I enjoyed playing cricket continued…

India hammered us in their conditions so we have to give back to themBy: Press Trust of India | Adelaide |
Posted: December 7, 2014 3:13 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 3:46 pm
Australia might still be mourning the tragic loss of Phillip Hughes but all-rounder Shane Watson on Sunday said his team will be ready to dish out aggressive cricket and inflict pain on India when the opening Test gets underway in Adelaide on Tuesday.
The 33-year-old allrounder said last week has been the most challenging phase for the team but he believed that his
side will play with the same aggression as in the past and avenge their 0-4 loss to India last year.
“We’ve played our best cricket when we are aggressive. That’s ever since I’ve been involved in the Australian cricket
team. We are aggressive with bat and ball, especially with the ball as we were during the last Ashes series. That’s not going to change because that’s when we’re at our absolute best,” Watson told reporters.
“We know what we have to do to do well against the Indians. They hammered us in their conditions so we have a lot
to give back to them in our conditions. They certainly let us know that they were on top of us in that series.
“We need to make sure we start off well in that series and stay strong to make sure they feel a similar pain as we did over in India,” he added.
India had inflicted a 4-0 loss on Australia the last time the teams met in India in February-March 2013. That was in reply to the 4-0 hammering they had received on their last tour Down Under in 2011-12.
The hosts, who have resumed training last Friday, are currently recovering from the shock death of their team-mate Hughes who was struck by a bouncer from Sean Abbott in a Sheffield Shield game on November 24. He died two days late in a Sydney hospital.
“Mentally I’m slowly getting there. Physically, I feel ready to go. There’s no doubt that mentally the last couple of days have been the most challenging of my career. After seeing what happened over the last week, trying to process everything that’s happened, being there at the SCG when it happened as well, it’s been a mentally challenging time but I’ll be ready for Tuesday,” Watson said.
“Everyone is going through the process in their own way and everyone is handling it as well as they possibly can. But it’s been a big challenge to be able to just continue to try and put the memories that I have got – that are very much in the front of my mind – to move it back a little bit in my mind and trust what I do as a batsman,” Watson said.
“I know everyone’s going to be in the same boat as well. It’s not just the guys who were that at the SCG, it’s for
everyone around the world,” he added.
Watson, along with Brad Haddin, Nathan Lyon and David Warner, were part of that ill-fated New South continued…

Teen angst on the wane  threatening social orderTeen angst on the wane, threatening social order
By Rex Huppke, Tribune Content Agency, Funny Money
The Smiths (music group)
I have catastrophic news for American society: Teenagers are becoming less lonely.
Yes, the one demographic we've been able to consistently rely on for dramatic sighing, woeful facial expressions and shoulder slumping is apparently growing perkier and less miserable.
A group of Australian researchers, analyzing data on the "behaviors, attitudes and values of American high school students" from 1991 to 2012, found that teens aren't feeling as isolated these days, despite our prevailing belief that all they ever do is play video games and listen to glum music.
The study was published in the Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, which I get mainly for the recipes. It suggested the modern age has changed how people interact. In a statement, lead researcher David Clark said: "People become less dependent on their families and need more specialized skills, which could lead to less interest in social support and more self-sufficiency. Over time, people are more individualistic, more extroverted, and have higher self-esteem."
So not only are our teens less lonely, they're also more confident and outgoing? This is a disaster.
0
You might not realize it, but disaffected teenagers play a crucial role in America's economic and social structure.
For starters, they are the driving force behind domestic production of unspeakably bad poetry. This is a simulated example:
Woke today, again.
Whatever.
The world is a shadow and I am not the light. Why? What? I don't know.
I don't know.
According to several estimates, one Midwestern teen who feels like his or her "so-called friends just don't care" is capable of generating more than 15,000 words of wildly insufferable verse per week.
Americans rely on their children's bad poetry to make the work of actual poets seem palatable. So if Mournful Teen-Generated Stanza Manufacturing (MTGSM) drops too far, thousands of professional poets will be out of work and forced to find jobs that actually pay.
Once poets are bankrupted by teen cheerfulness, musicians will be the next to go.
When I was growing up, I would wail along to the Smiths, singing: "Two lovers entwined pass me by, and heaven knows I'm miserable now."
Without lonely teens like me, lead singer Morrissey would have spent his days singing into a sink full of dirty dishes at a Manchester pub, with patrons yelling at him to "knock off that wretched crooning, you whiny plonker."
Perhaps more important than the economic impact are the profound social implications of this teenage attitude shift.
As most of us know, the best part of having lonely and pitiful teenage years is that once you get out of them, nothing ever seems quite so bad. Imagine how miserable your drab, wretched life would seem if you couldn't look back and say, "Well, at least things aren't as rough as they were when I was 15."
If the teens of today don't have those misery memories, they're destined to grow up and be overwhelmed by the dreadfulness of adulthood. And heaven knows they'll be miserable then.
So in order to protect our young people from future unhappiness, we must do our best to make sure they are unhappy now. I have a few suggestions:
--At the dinner table, point out to your teen that he or she does not seem to be very popular. Suggest feeling sad about such low social status and possibly writing those feelings down in the form of poems that may never be read aloud.
--Buy an at-home locker and occasionally stuff your teen in it while yelling disparaging comments about his or her appearance.
--Force your teen to read a dense journal paper written by a group of Australian researchers.
--Replace all your teen's music with songs by the Smiths, making sure to repeat the tracks "What Difference Does It Make?" "Unloveable" and "Never Had No One Ever" several times over.
Those steps should help return American teenagers to their natural state of loneliness.
The poets, the musicians and the future adults of America will undoubtedly thank us. And we'll feel good knowing the youth of today will be just as miserable as we were.
(Rex Huppke is a columnist for the Chicago Tribune and a noted hypocrisy enthusiast. You can email him at rhuppke@tribune.com or follow him on Twitter at @RexHuppke.)
(c) 2014 TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Ranji Trophy 2014: Gautam Gambhir kicks off season with a tonBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 7:02 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 8:53 pm
Skipper Gautam Gambhir led from the front with a gutsy unbeaten century while the others floundered as Delhi struggled to 260 for six at stumps on the first day of their opening Ranji Trophy fixture against Saurashtra, in Delhi on Sunday.
When the stumps were drawn, Gambhir was undefeated on 123 off 270 balls, having shared a 88-run stand for the fifth wicket with another veteran Rajat Bhatia (47).
While Virender Sehwag was run out for 9, Unmukt Chand’s (28) downfall came due to atrocious shot selection while Vaibhav Rawal (9) was cleaned up playing to a wrong line.
Varun Sood (14), who was surprisingly promoted to No. 3, was done in by a short ball onto his rib-cage.
The day’s highlight certainly was Gambhir’s 38th first-class century as he showed his fighting qualities on a sporting Roshanara Club track that didn’t have lot of grass but was of firm, even bounce nature.
The left-hander played safe during initial overs where he looked a bit uncomfortable against Saurashtra pace duo of Sudeep Tyagi (2/45) and Abhishek Bhatt (2/52), but grew in confidence with passage of time. His six hour vigil included 14 boundaries and two sixes.
The only chance that he gave was on personal score of 27, when he jumped out to off-break bowler Kamlesh Makvana and missed it completely but Sagar Jogiyani failed to carry out an easy stumping.
The 50 came in the post lunch session with a square driven boundary. But before that Sehwag was run out when he called Gambhir for a third run. It was Sehwag, who was coming back at striker’s end but his desperate dive couldn’t beat Sheldon Jackson’s direct throw from the deep.
Rawal was out quickly and Delhi were in a spot at 145 for four before Gambhir found perfect partner in Bhatia. Both were hardly bothered by Makvana and left-arm spinner Dharmendra Jadeja.
The drives started to flow and both stepped out to spinners for maximum. Gambhir was unbeaten on 98 at tea. His century was completed when he tried a heave off Makvana but it went towards fine-leg as Gambhir reached his landmark.
Bhatia was playing well as he dispatched Jadeja for two boundaries before was bowled playing to wrong line.
Puneet Bisht (17) was victim of second new ball when Bhatt edged one to Jogiyani.
Brief Scores: Delhi: 260 for six (Gautam Gambhir 123 batting, Rajat Bhatia 47, Sudeep Tyagi 2/45).
Gohil, Panchal, Merai propel Gujarat to 258/4
Fine half centuries by Samit Gohil, Priyank Kirit Panchal and B H Merai propelled visitors Gujarat to a comfortable 258 for four at the end of first day’s play in their Ranji Trophy Group B league match against Rajasthan in Jaipur.
At stumps, Merai (63 not out) was at the crease with K D Patel (17) giving him company.
It was Rajasthan skipper and Test medium player Pankaj Singh who won the toss and chose to field on a continued…

Sangakkara  Mathews guide Sri Lanka to winBy: Reuters | Colombo |
Posted: December 7, 2014 7:23 pm
Kumar Sangakkara laid the foundation before Angelo Mathews completed a nervy chase as Sri Lanka beat England by six wickets in the fourth ODI to go 3-1 up in the seven-match series on Sunday.
Sangakkara hit a sparkling 86 but it was Mathews’ fine, if not flawless, captain’s knock of 51 not out that helped the hosts overwhelm the 266-run victory target with two balls to spare at Colombo’s R Premadasa Stadium.
James Taylor’s career-best 90 and Eoin Morgan’s belligerent 62 had powered England to 265 all out in 50 overs, nine of the wickets claimed by spinners.
Sri Lanka looked in trouble at 69 for two but Sangakkara and Mahela Jayawardene, who have played over 800 ODIs between them, added 96 runs for the third wicket to put the chase back on track.
Jayawardene dragged a Chris Jordan delivery onto his stumps to depart, while Sangakkara perished chasing a wide delivery from the same bowler.
England maintained the pressure and were nearly rewarded but Alex Hales spilled a Mathews catch in the 46th over from an exasperated Jordan.
Despite conceding 20 extra runs including 12 wide balls, the visiting bowlers showed enough fight to take the game to the last over but Mathews hit Steven Finn for a boundary to bring up his 50 and seal victory.
Pallekele hosts the fifth match on Wednesday.
Earlier, regular England captain Alastair Cook’s suspension, due to a slow over-rate offence, handed Taylor an opportunity and the 24-year-old grabbed it.
Opting to bat first, England wobbled early as Hales fell for a golden duck and the in-form Moeen Ali (19) was sent back by Tillakaratne Dilshan (3-64).
The 93-run partnership between Taylor and Joe Root (36) steadied the innings before left-arm spinner Rangana Herath (3-36) dismissed Root.
Taylor, who completed his maiden ODI fifty in 69 balls with the help of two fours and as many sixes, developed cramps and became one of the three victims of spinner Ajantha Mendis.
At 170 for three in the 35th over, England looked set for a huge total but the Sri Lankan spinners, who bowled the final 21 overs of the innings, showed considerable discipline to restrict the visitors.

Federer casts a spell on  perfect  India debutBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 8:17 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 8:58 pm
Thousands of lucky tennis fans experienced a lifetime moment on Sunday when they watched global icon Roger Federer play on Indian soil for the first time at the Delhi leg of the International Premier Tennis League (IPTL).
The Federer-represented Indian Aces defeated Singapore Slammers 26-16.
It was a perfect India debut for Federer, who along with Sania Mirza blanked Bruno Soares and Daniela Hantuchova 6-0 before winning his men’s singles against Tomas Berdych and men’s doubles with Rohan Bopanna.
In the legends’ match, which was the first of the day, Slammers’ Pat Rafter beat Indian Aces’ Pete Sampras 6-2. In the mixed doubles match, Federer and Sania thrashed Soares and Hantuchova.
Federer then combined with Rohan Bopanna to beat Nick Kyrgios and Leyton Hewitt 6-1 in the men’s doubles match, before the Swiss legend saw off Tomas Berdych’s challenge 6-4 in the men’s singles.
In the women’s singles match, Ana Ivanovic beat Daniela Hantuuchova 6-5 (7-5).
Earlier, complete frenzy followed the much-awaited arrival of Federer, who landed here in the wee hours today alongside another legend Pete Sampras.
If not more, Federer was as excited as his millions of Indian fans ever since it was announced that he would be taking part in the Delhi leg of the newly created IPTL.
He took to Twitter many times to express his excitement, asking fans to photoshop him around the country since he won’t get much time to explore during his short stay. Thus, it was no surprise that he tweeted a picture of him and Sampras to announce his arrival.
“It is very special to be here. I am getting special treatment ever since I have come here. I am very happy to be here. Thank you guys,” said Federer while waving at the vociferous crowd after his mixed doubles match alongside Sania Mirza.
“It is an honour to play with Roger. I would now like to play Australian Open with him,” joked Sania.
The record 17-time Grand Slam champion added: “I am very surprised with my play here. I am playing singles, doubles, mixed doubles and doing okay. I think the format is crazy but good fun. We don’t get to be a team on the pro circuit and that is why I think there is a place for this. That way people who don’t get to see many tournaments in this part of the world, get to watch some top quality tennis.”
Federer, after getting a taste of Indian hospitality at a city five-star hotel, made it to the court at the IG arena one and a half before the match starting 4 pm local time.
He gently walked into the field of play and started sparring with none other than Sampras. Surprisingly not many around the greats instantly woke up to the fact that they were watching Federer and Sampras having a hit until one heard a shout of ‘we love you Roger’.
It was a moment when winners of 31 major titles were warming up together for the big moment.
They both practiced for around half hour and by the time they were making their continued…

Sikka s New Mantra for Infosys Wows AnalystsSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Infosys organised an investor meet at its Pune campus on Thursday, where analysts who track the company got a chance to speak to CEO Vishal Sikka and get an insight into the thinking of the new management.
This was the first analyst meet the 47-year old Dr Sikka addressed since taking over as CEO on August 1 and he did not fail to make a mark, it seems. "What stood out was the positive body language of the new management versus the cautious optimism of the promoter managers preceding them," said Girish Pai, head of research at domestic brokerage Nirmal Bang.
Global brokerage CLSA also sounded optimistic and said, "We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital."
Dr Sikka reiterated his "New+Renew" theme, which involves renewing Infosys' core business (consulting, BPM, infrastructure management, ADM, Finacle, etc.) and innovating into new businesses such as design thinking, Infosys Info Platform and startups.
Analysts say winds of change are clearly visible at India's number two outsourcer under Dr Sikka. Here are the key bits the management shared with analysts:
1) Acquisition: Infosys, which has been criticised for not being aggressive with acquisitions, will focus on acquiring companies with newer technologies in the areas of automation/artificial intelligence/collaboration/Internet of things/design/select geographic markets, the management indicated to Nirmal Bang. The company is sitting on cash reserves of Rs 28,432 crore as on September 30, 2014.
2) Attrition: Higher staff compensation, more promotions and training, better quality of work, better morale etc. are ways through which Infosys is trying to curtail industry-leading attrition, the company told analysts. Infosys is committing a high level of investment into re-skilling its entire work force to address the opportunity in the new market place, Dr Sikka indicated. The sales team has also been expanded significantly and being re-skilled, he added.
3) Industry leading growth rates: Dr Sikka indicated that Infosys has the potential to grow at a CAGR of 15 to 18 per cent in the long run with a 25 to 28 per cent EBIT margin. To return to a high growth path, Infosys will have to become a next- generation services company, he added. It is currently growing at around 9 per cent, while its margins are around 25 per cent.
4) Client engagement: Infosys is conducting design-thinking workshops with clients to identify problems and to find solutions in a bid to move up the value chain, Dr Sikka said. The project sizes are small currently, but has led to deeper engagement with customers and should help Infosys get a greater share of the customer wallet going forward, Nirmal Bang said.
5) New technologies: Infosys will ignite new growth engines from new technologies like social, mobility, analytics and cloud, the company told CLSA. Infosys has also seen increasing efficiencies in traditional verticals like financial and manufacturing, the company added.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 14:01 (IST)

http://usat.ly/1rU53h8Stocks set for 'Santa rally' if no naughty news
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 3:14 p.m. EST December 1, 2014
Santa Claus and Nia Sanchez, Miss USA 2014,  visit the trading floor after participating in opening bell ceremonies of the New York Stock Exchange Nov. 26.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
39 CONNECT 35 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Will Santa Claus bring the gift of profit to Wall Street in the form of a year-end December rally?
If prices at the gas pump remain low and consumers stay in a buying mood around the all-important holiday shopping season, there's a strong chance Santa will deliver gains this December, says Patty Edwards, senior investment strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management.
If oil prices don't go "significantly upward, the market has a bit of a tailwind," Edwards says. "Longer-term, the market will trade on earnings — which we view as still positive — more than emotion. But as long as the consumer remains in a good mood, it would appear to us that Santa Claus is indeed coming to town."
December has a reputation as an investor-friendly month. It benefits from its inclusion in the six-month seasonal sweet spot for stocks. December is the second month in what historically has been the stock market's best six-month period, a bullish stretch from the start of November to the end of April. In fact, the 12th month of the year is the second-best month for the Dow Jones industrial average in the past 50 years, according to Bespoke Investment Group. The Dow has gained 1.6% on average in December, posting gains nearly 70% of the time.
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Federal Reserve Alabama FaceBook
Santa Claus is not something you associate with the stock market, but that’s exactly one of the things on investors’ minds as we head into December. Video by Jason Allen and Kaveh Rezaei
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  You might not associate Santa Claus with a stock market
00:08  that Walsh Richard does. I'm John Wagoner and this is America's
00:11  markets. December's the second month and historically strong period for stocks
00:16  and the second best month for Dow Jones Industrial Average the
00:19  past half century. It's also in the Santa Claus rally takes
00:22  place this seven sessions spurt that begins at the end of
00:25  December has delivered gains every year since 2009. Even though the
00:30  market is already racked up an impressive performances at record levels.
00:33  Odds are good for the rally to continue because the Federal
00:36  Reserve isn't likely to change its easy many ways until wages
00:39  pick up. Something that's not gonna happen for awhile. If recent
00:43  patterns persist home builders will be one of the best performing
00:46  industry sectors as 2014 closes out. And small company stocks could
00:51  prosper as investors try to get ahead of the group's traditional
00:54  January rally. Technology stocks which offense sputter about now. Could bucked
00:59  that trend thanks momentum in big games like apple and FaceBook
01:02  and the lingering buzz from the initial public offerings of the
01:05  likes of Alabama and go pro. Exchange traded funds that invest
01:09  in retailers offer way to play. Important shopping season trends this
01:13  year but if you're thinking about buying and mutual fund this
01:15  month think again he's also get hit with an unnecessary tax
Stocks kick off December on a high note. The Standard & Poor's 500 index came off its sixth straight weekly gain, its first streak of that length since an eight-week run that ended in November 2013, according to Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices.
U.S. stocks have rallied sharply since a price pullback ended in mid-October. The gains have been powered by a strong third-quarter earnings season, an economy  growing faster than economists had forecast and coordinated stimulus programs by central bankers and policymakers in Japan, China and the eurozone that have offset the end of the Federal Reserve's bond-buying program in October.
The combination of seasonal strength, strong business fundamentals and valuations at or below long-term averages increases the odds that stocks can continue to rise into the year's end, perhaps as much as 2%, says Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
"In support of history, we think the S&P 500 should do well in December,"  Stovall says. "Our projection for solid November employment gains (when the results are released Dec. 5), our forecasts for improving holiday retail sales and the prospects for better-than-expected fourth-quarter profit growth should help maintain the market's upward momentum."
Regan: Stock rally not done because it's 'game on' for the Fed
Stocks might also get a boost from fund managers who are trailing their market benchmarks heading into the final month of the year and who could buy stocks more aggressively in an effort to catch up,  Stovall says. As late as mid-November, 73% of large-company value managers were "underperforming" the S&P 500 Value Index, and 94% of large-cap fund managers were trailing the S&P 500 Growth Index,  Stovall says.
The  "Santa Claus Rally"  is slightly different from a year-end rally, as it is more of a year-end phenomenon and can include all of December. The Stock Trader's Almanac coined the phrase "Santa Claus Rally," which refers to the performance of the stock market in "the last five trading days of the year and the first two sessions of the New Year," says Jeffrey Hirsch, the Almanac's editor.
Santa has delivered a rally over that stretch every year since 2009.
Santa Claus Rally gains average 1.5% over the seven-day period, according to Hirsch.
Hirsch expects a year-end-rally in December. "It's already underway," he says.
Working in the stock market's favor: a strong U.S. economy and healthy corporate America, still-low interest rates and the fact that the market has digested the end of the Fed's bond-buying program. Another plus: the fresh stimulus  pumped into markets in Europe, Japan and China will benefit the USA as cash flows into our market,  Hirsch says.
One caveat: All this upbeat market commentary has put stocks in an overbought position, increasing the risks going forward, says market strategist Brad Lamensdorf, the chief investment officer of the Lamensdorf Market Timing Report.
"The anticipated fourth-quarter bounce has come and gone, and the majority of gains have now been captured," Lamensdorf warns. "At this point, both the short- and long-term gauges are in overbought territory. Raising cash and hedging are recommended in such a high-risk environment."
39 CONNECT 35 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1y4fhxA
MONTHLY MARKETS CHECKUP

Clarke fit to face India in AdelaideUpdated: December 8, 2014 08:34 IST
Clarke fit to face India in Adelaide
Reuters
Tweet
AP
Aussie skipper Michael Clarke is fit to lead the side into the first test against India on Tuesday, after a long break having suffered his third hamstring strain in three months during the one-day series against South Africa. File photo
TOPICS
Test cricket
Clarke has been struggling physically with a hamstring injury and emotionally in the aftermath of friend and former team mate Phillip Hughes's death.
Australia captain Michael Clarke is fit to lead the side into the first test against India on Tuesday and his return is a "huge boost" for the hosts, fast bowler Mitchell Johnson said.
Clarke has been struggling physically with a hamstring injury and emotionally in the aftermath of friend and former team mate Phillip Hughes's death, which caused the opening test to be postponed and moved from Brisbane.
"It's a huge boost to have him back in and playing for us," Johnson told reporters at Adelaide Oval on Monday.
"He has been working really hard out there. I've got no worries (about him) at all. He's said he's 100 percent fit and you go by that. He's always been a hard worker. You've got to put trust in him," Johnson added.
Clarke had been in a race to be fit after suffering his third hamstring strain in three months during the one-day series against South Africa.
His rehabilitation was disrupted by the tragic death of Hughes as he devoted virtually all his time to be at the batsman's bedside during his two-day fight for life in a Sydney hospital.
Clarke also stayed in Hughes's hometown of Macksville, New South Wales, for a day after the funeral to be with his Hughes's family for the cremation.
Prior to Hughes's death, the struggling skipper was at loggerheads with team selectors over how to prove his fitness for the first test of the four-match series.
After the tragedy, Clarke drew huge public support as he swallowed his grief to take a lead role in supporting Hughes's family and stunned team mates.
"I think with his captaincy, he's shown how strong he's been over the last couple of weeks with the tragedy that we've had," Johnson said. "It has been an emotional roller-coaster and how strong he has been as a person to stand up and do what he's done. I've definitely seen a different side to him. He has just grown as a captain and as a person."
Johnson said uncapped paceman Josh Hazlewood and reserve batsman Shaun Marsh would not play, leaving Ryan Harris and Peter Siddle to join with the ICC Cricketer of the Year in the pace attack.
Team: Michael Clarke, Brad Haddin, Ryan Harris, Mitchell Johnson, Nathan Lyon, Mitchell Marsh, Chris Rogers, Peter Siddle, Steve Smith, David Warner, Shane Watson.

How many days before the next horrific crimeJust as we were wondering if all the safety measures announced since the fatal gangrape of a 23-year-old two years ago have made the Capital any safer for women, horror played out on Delhi’s roads yet again.
related stories
Delhi rape: Uber banned in Capital; accused driver sent to police custody till Dec 11
On Friday, a woman was allegedly raped by a taxi driver who she hired through Uber, an internationally popular app-based taxi booking service. Police said the cab driver in question was engaged by the company without any background check or police verification.
Typically, the Friday rape has triggered a fresh debate, focusing on the safety of women taking privately-run cabs. There is a pattern in the way Delhi — its government, police, private agencies — react to crimes such as these. We question regulations and enforcement only when a tragedy hits. Then, we let the issues slide under the radar till the next jolt.
For instance, the kaalipeeli taxis had been operating in Delhi for decades but it was not until 2004 when an Australian passenger was raped and killed, their safety aspects were questioned.
While not many trusted these taxis for a late-night ride, especially if one was a woman travelling alone, the unsuspecting Australian tourist hired one for Karol Bagh from the pre-paid booth at the Indira Gandhi International Airport. Instead, she was taken to a deserted field nearby, robbed, raped and killed by the taxi driver and his accomplice.
For those who can’t recall, this was the case which reformed the taxi booking system at the airport. Traffic cops were posted at the airport, recording details of every taxi, passenger and the destination he or she was headed for.
Similarly, it was not until the Dhaula Kuan rape case of 2010, the government began to focus on safety of women working late hours. The Business Process Outsourcing boom had long happened and women were working late shifts not just in call centres, but in banks, malls, travel agencies, beauty parlours and many other facilities that had extended their work hours to feed the city’s 24/7 needs. But it never occurred to the authorities that employers were duty-bound to ensure that women employees got a safe drop home.
In November 2010, a 30-yearold call centre employee, minutes after being dropped on road by her cab, was dragged into a car trailing her, and gang-raped by the five men at gunpoint. The Dhaula Kuan case led to implementation of the rule that all establishments employing women after 8 pm had to drop them at their doorstep after the night shift, and a guard or a male employee had to be present in the cab at all times.
The initial probe into Friday’s rape tells us that private cab business in Delhi is still a grey area. Permit holders under the government’s economy taxi scheme can either run a taxi themselves or get associated with private cab services. The drivers they employ have to have the government’s public service vehicle badge, which it issues after getting their antecedents checked.
But app-based services focus on agglomerating drivers. One is not sure if the drivers they register carry legit papers. As it turns out, even the government doesn’t follow up because it has handed the charge to private companies.
On the back foot now, the government will surely launch a drive to regulate the operations of private cabs in Delhi. There will be knee-jerk official reactions and promises of no such oversight in the future. Forget thinking ahead to anticipate the challenges of the changing times, it seems nothing, not even a string of brutal rapes, can shake the government out of this reactive mode.
Most of the post-crime measures announced in the past are nothing but ensuring that breach of existing laws did not go unchecked. For governance’s sake, these are anyway supposed to be routine enforcement drives meant to thwart crime.
Instead, Delhi’s women must keep suffering horribly so that the authorities can keep re-launching these drives that lose steam soon after every tragedy. It’s only three days since the Friday’s rape.
How many days before we start our silent countdown to the next horrific crime?

Mahendra Singh Dhoni settles down but captaincy question staysprint
For a change, the batting order in the India nets was reversed on Sunday afternoon. Bowlers padded up first, and batsmen started bowling to them. The first one to mark the run-up was Mahendra Singh Dhoni — he arrived on Saturday — training with India for the first time since the team’s arrival in Australia on November 22.
It wasn’t that Dhoni was bowling because anybody had doubted his fitness. He ran in hard, put everything behind his deliveries, some of which thudded into the batsmen’s pads. It wasn’t even his batting which needed close scrutiny. He took on the spinners to start with, leggie Karn Sharma and R Ashwin, and later moved to the adjacent nets to take a few throw downs before rounding off his session by facing Varun Aaron and Mohammed Shami.
Easing in
All through his 40 minutes of batting, Dhoni looked very much part of the squad. And, it brightened the prospect of his leading the team out in the first Test on Tuesday. However, the team management is maintaining silence over his availability. Some kind of mind game is clearly at play.
The trace of rustiness was hard to detect despite his layoff after injuring his right palm that needed healing. However, he didn’t wear the keeping gloves, which that would have sent out a clear message. If that is the only remaining aspect to convince one that he will be playing, Dhoni didn’t provide it.
A BCCI source told HT that the likelihood of Dhoni playing is pretty high. “If he is there, it means he is fit to play. In any case, he was to join the team after the first Test as per the original schedule and he would have been ready by the time the second Test started. Now, with the rearranged schedule, he has got that extra time. He has travelled enough and is experienced enough to adjust to the conditions immediately.”
At the nets, the tail-enders had an extended session. When India travelled to Australia in 2007-08, when a few critical contributions came from the late order batsmen.
The last four batsmen together contributed 420 runs in the four Tests, averaging 105 runs per Test. Coach Gary Kirsten too subsequently drew the best out of tail-enders. The England tour saw Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Shami contributing well with the bat.
Kumar is a vital cog in the side, but is recovering from ankle pain. A team official said he could play in the first Test.
In case he sits out, India have Varun, Ishant and Shami. The odds of R Ashwin or Karn Sharma playing, in a possible four-bowler scenario, are even as the latter got close attention from the team management throughout Sunday’s session.

Gurgaon rape case: Uber cabbie to be produced in court todayGurgaon rape case: Uber cabbie to be produced in court today
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 8:  
A taxi driver accused of raping a 27-year-old woman executive here on Friday night was arrested on Sunday from Mathura even as the US-based cab firm Uber with whom he worked was directed by Delhi police to join its probe.
In a swift operation, 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav was apprehended from Mathura, his home town, by a team of Delhi Police with the help of their counterparts in Uttar Pradesh.
“The accused (Yadav) has been arrested from Mathura with the help of Uttar Pradesh police. He is being brought to Delhi,” said Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma. The accused will be produced in court here on Monday.
The police said that during investigations prime facie it has emerged that criminal negligence was made out on the part of Uber as a number of alleged shortcomings were found on their part as neither the driver was verified nor there was a GPS tracking device in the car.
Yadav, who was driving the Uber cab, allegedly raped the woman at around 9:30 pm on Friday when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back to her home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
DIG (Agra Range) Lakshmi Singh said the cab in which the crime took place was owned by Yadav and he was traced through his mobile number and has been handed over to the Delhi police.
As a massive search operation involving 12 Delhi police teams was on in Mathura and other parts of Uttar Pradesh to nab the accused, the Delhi Police had earlier in the day announced a cash reward of Rs 1 lakh for his arrest.
According to the Police, Yadav was residing in a rented accommodation in Chandarpuri locality in Mathura and when the police team reached at his residence, he was not found there.
In the evening, the joint team headed by ASP Ajay Pal of Uttar Pradesh Police apprehended the accused from a house at Meer Magan Highway in Mathura which was at a distance of about one km from his rented accommodation.
The police also said that identity of the owner of the house from where Yadav was arrested was yet to be ascertained.
It said Yadav originally hails from Elau police station area of Mainpuri district in Uttar Pradesh.
“The vehicle has been found and is being brought to Delhi and FSL examination by forensic experts will be done here,” said Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat.
The police have issued a notice to Uber under section 161 CrPC to join investigation in the case.
“We have issued them a notice to join investigation. There are norms to operate such cab service set by the Transport Department and we will see whether they were followed or not,” said Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma.
The shocking incident, which took place days ahead of the second anniversary of the December 16 gangrape, brought back memories of the horrific crime as shock and anger erupted both online and offline, as questions were again raised on safety of women in the Capital.
Uber issued a statement, saying that it was providing all help to the police in the investigation.
“Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done,” it said.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Gold extends losses as US jobs report boosts dollarGold extends losses as US jobs report boosts dollar
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Dec 8:  
Gold extended losses for a third session on Monday as a robust US nonfarm payrolls report boosted the dollar to its highest in over five years, dulling the bullion’s appeal as a hedge.
Spot gold eased 0.2 per cent to $1,189.94 an ounce by 0020 GMT. The metal lost 1.1 per cent in the previous session after data showed US employers added the largest number of workers in nearly three years in November and wage gains picked up, in a sign of economic strength that could draw the Federal Reserve closer to raising interest rates.
Higher interest rates
Investors fear higher rates would decrease the demand for gold, a non-interest-bearing asset.
The jobs report boosted the dollar to its highest since March 2009, and the Dow and S&P 500 ended at record highs.
US bond prices dropped, pushing short-term yields to their biggest single-day rises in nearly four years as investors priced in a US interest rate hike by mid-2015.
Despite Friday’s losses, gold ended the week higher on short-covering and modest rebound in oil prices.
Hedge funds and money managers boosted their bullish position in US gold contracts to the highest since August in the holiday-shortened week to December 2, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission said on Friday.
SPDR Gold Trust
SPDR Gold Trust, the world’s largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, said its holdings rose 0.12 per cent to 720.91 tonnes on Friday.
The cost of lending gold returned to positive territory on Friday for the first time in over a month, capping a dramatic week-long recovery, as robust US jobless data reinforced expectations of higher interest rates next year.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Constitution  not Gita  gets precedence: MamataNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Reacting to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj’s remark that only a formality remained before declaring Bhagwad Gita as the national scripture, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Sunday said the Constitution was the “Holy Book” in a democracy.
“Our Constitution says India is a secular country. The Constitution is the Holy Book in a democracy,” Banerjee told PTI here reacting to Swaraj’s remark that Bhagwad Gita would be declared as “Rashtriya Granth” (national scripture).
“We respect all holy books equally. They are all our pride,” Banerjee, the Trinamool Congress chief, said.
“Quran, Puran, Ved, Vedanta, Bible, Tripitak, Zend-Avesta, Guru Granth Sahib, Gita – we respect all,” she said.
Pressing for the Centre to declare Bhagwad Gita as a “Rashtriya Granth”, Swaraj said only a formality remained to be completed in this regard.
Swaraj was speaking at “Gita Prerna Mahotsav”, organised “to celebrate 5,151 years of religious book Gita” at the Red Fort Maidan in Delhi where VHP President Ashok Singhal said Prime Minister Narendra Modi should immediately declare the sacred text of Hindus as a national scripture.
TAGS: Mamata Banerjee Narendra Modi Sushma Swaraj
More from miscellaneous

China Faces More Pressure as November Imports Drop Unexpectedly  Exports SlowYou are here: Home Global Economy
China Faces More Pressure as November Imports Drop Unexpectedly, Exports Slow
Reuters | Updated On: December 08, 2014 10:31 (IST)
Fed Faces Big Decision Over a Few Choice Words
Beijing: China's imports shrank unexpectedly in November while export growth slowed, fueling concerns the world's second-largest economy could be facing a sharper slowdown and adding pressure on policymakers to ramp up stimulus measures.
Exports rose 4.7 per cent from a year earlier, while imports dropped 6.7 per cent, the biggest drop since March, data released by the General Administration of Customs showed on Monday.
That left the country with a record trade surplus of $54.5 billion, which analysts say could increase upward pressure on the yuan even as exporters are struggling.
Economists polled by Reuters had expected exports to grow 8.2 per cent, a 3.9 per cent rise in imports and a trade surplus of $43.5 billion, all slowing from October.
"Despite another record surplus, the details paint a grim picture with slower export growth and a contraction in commodity imports in volume terms," said Andy Ji, senior currency strategist at Commonwealth Bank of Australia in Singapore.
Exports have been the lone bright spot for China's economy in the last few months, perhaps helping to offset soft domestic demand, but there are doubts about the accuracy of the official numbers amid signs of a resurgence of speculative currency flows through inflated trade receipts.
Dariusz Kowalczyk at Credit Agricole CIB in Hong Kong said over-reporting in exports may have been curbed in November, which contributed to a weaker reading. But he added the import contraction was "shocking", reflecting not only lower commodity prices but poor domestic demand.
"This means that pressure will rise on the government to do more to stimulate growth," he said.
"We expect a reserve requirement ratio cut in December, introduction of reverse repos this week, and another rate cut in the first quarter. The yuan should rise further on the data."
After saying for months that China does not need any big economic stimulus, the People's Bank of China (PBOC) surprised financial markets by lowering rates on November 21 to shore up growth and help firms pay off mountains of debt.
The government is due to release data on factory output, fixed-asset investment and retail sales later this week.
Analysts see more policy moves in coming months if the economy continues to stumble, with many expecting both more rate cuts and reductions in banks' reserve requirement ratios (RRR).
Sources familiar with China's policy-making said leaders are prepared to lower rates again and loosen lending curbs on concerns that falling prices could cause a spike in bad loans, business failures and job losses.
"We expect at least one more policy rate cut, 2-3 RRR cuts and targeted measures (to inject more liquidity into the banking system) throughout 2015," said Haibin Zhu at J.P. Morgan.
2015 growth target could be cut
Annual economic growth slowed to 7.3 per cent in the third quarter, the weakest since the global financial crisis, weighed down by a sagging housing market and tighter credit conditions.
Full-year growth is on track to undershoot the government's 7.5 per cent target and mark the weakest expansion in 24 years.
China's leaders are reluctant to repeat strong stimulus similar to the one implemented during the height of the global crisis, which resulted in piles of debt, but they are mindful of the risk that a sharper growth slowdown could undermine reforms.
The leadership is due to open a key meeting on Tuesday to map out economic and reform plans for 2015, including economic targets which will be unveiled in parliament next March, sources at top government think-tanks said.
Government think-tanks, which make policy proposals, have urged Beijing to cut its economic growth target next year, probably to around 7 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Nifty hovers around 8 530; BSE IT index down 2%Nifty hovers around 8,530; BSE IT index down 2%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 10:41 AM IST
Benchmark indices continue to trade in a narrow range in the morning trades weighed down by technology stocks amid positive global cues.
At 10.40 hrs, the Sensex is down 42 points at 28,416 and the Nifty has slipped 11 points to trade at 8,527.
The broader markets are outperforming the large counter parts, the BSE Mid and Smallcap indices are up 0.3% each.
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 109.45 crore on Friday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
Rupee: 
The rupee is trading weaker at 61.93/94 vs Friday's 61.77/78 close on the back of robust payrolls data.
Global Markets:
Asian stocks eked out gains on Monday in wake of much stronger-than-expected U.S. employment numbers, although sobering data highlighted the sluggishness in the region's key economies and tempered gains.
The dollar hovered at multi-year highs against the yen after Treasury yields spiked on the robust U.S. employment report.
Indicators released on Monday showed that China's trade performance in November was much weaker than expected while Japan's economy in the third quarter shrank more than initially reported.
Shanghai Composite, Straits Times and Hang Seng are trading between 0.3-1.5%.
Key events in focus:
Traders will watch the proceedings of the winter session of parliament for cues. Some progress on reform-centric legislative proposals is expected.
Key macro-economic data, wholesale and consumer price inflation data for November 2014 and industrial output data for October 2014 is scheduled to be released on Friday.
Hot Stocks:
On the sectoral front, BSE IT index is down 2% followed by Teck, Consumer Durables and Capital Goods indices trading lower between 0.3-1.5%. Bankex, Oil & Gas and Metal indices are trading flat. However, BSE FMCG and Realty indices are up between 0.5-1%.
Shares of Infosys have dipped 3.5% after a huge block deal executed on the counter on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock opened at Rs 2,019 and touched a low of Rs 1,988 on NSE.
A total 32.3 million shares representing 2.8% of total equity of Infosys changed hands in multiple block deals in early morning trade. However, the identity of the buyers and sellers could not be yet ascertained.
Following the tandem, TCS is down 2% and Wipro is trading with marginal losses.
Among the metal names, Sesa Sterlite is down nearly 2% after Brokerage house Bank of America Merrill has cut its earnings estimates and also the price target, citing falling crude and iron ore prices. Hindalco has lost 1%.
Drug maker Dr Reddy’s Lab is down 1.3%. However its peer Sun Pharma is up 1.7%.
Bajaj Auto is trading with marginal losses. The company is looking to raise prices of its two models - Platina and Discover - from next month in order to partially offset increase in input costs. Hero Motocorp, M&M lost 1% each. However, Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors are up 0.5% each.
Engineering conglomerate L&T has dipped nearly 1%.
SBI is down nearly 0.2%. SBI plans to raise $ 300 million by way of issuing bonds. The proceeds are planned to be used for general corporate purposes. ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank are trading with marginal losses.
Coal India is up 2% and is the top gainer. State-run monopoly Coal India LtdBSE 2.12 % has sought return of two coal blocks in Odisha that it lost following Supreme Court's September order quashing the allocation of 214 blocks. 
ITC extended gains up 1% after media reports suggested that the government was reconsidering a proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes. However, HUL was down 0.5%.
The power stocks are hogging limelight in the early trades. NTPC and Tata Power are up 0.5% each. 
Bharti Airtel, HUL, BHEL are up between 0.3-1.4%.
SpiceJet shares tumble more than 7 percent to 14.75 rupees. The carrier cut its fleet by about a third in September and will operate 22-24 Boeing planes until at least the middle of next year, its CEO said Friday.
Dolphin Offshore Enterprises (India) has surged 8% to Rs 210 on BSE after the company said its wholly-owned subsidiary has received an extension of contract for its accomodation barge Vikrant.
Thermax has rallied 6% to Rs 1,129 in early morning deals on BSE after the company said it has won an order worth Rs 351 crore in Africa to build and commission a captive power plant.
The market breadth is strong on the BSE with 1,200 shares advancing and 984 shares dexlining.

ITC becomes second most valuable firmITC becomes second most valuable firm
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 10:39 AM IST
ITC, a fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) major, has become the second-most valuable Indian company, surpasses refineries giants- Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and Reliance Industries - in overall market capitalization (m-cap) ranking.
 
ITC with a m-cap of Rs 3,15,797 crore at 1014 hours, was climbed to number two position ahead of ONGC and Reliance Industries having m-cap of Rs 3,14,842 crore and Rs 3,09,596 crore respectively. Information technology giant Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) is at number one position with Rs 495,479 crore m-cap.
Market capitalisation or the value of a listed company is arrived at by multiplying the total number of its shares with its stock price on a particular day or time.
Shares in ITC touched a record high of Rs 399.50 during intra-day trade on BSE.  In past three trading sessions, the stock rallied 10% from Rs 363 on December 3 on media reports that the government was reconsidering a proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes. The m-cap of ITC surged by Rs 25,877 crore from Rs 289,920 crore during the period.
Gautam Duggad and Manish Poddar, analysts at Motilal Oswal Securities has maintain ‘buy’ rating on the stock with a  price target of Rs 425, saying that stock continues to offer best-in-class earnings visibility due to strong pricing power in Cigarettes.
Regulatory and budget related overhang will weigh on the stock’s near term performance (budget 3 months away). However, after underperformance v/s FMCG index and broader markets, valuations are undemanding (ITC is trading at 20-35% discount to tier II consumer names), in our view, says analysts in a report dated November 25, 2014.

Delhi rape: Everything you need to know about Uber and what happened onSundayBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 10:56 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 7:42 pm
One of the world’s most talked about startups, the San Francisco-based Uber, finds itself in the eye of a storm after one of the drivers in its network on Delhi allegedly beat up and raped a 27-year-old woman who had hired his vehicle.
Driver Shiv Kumar Yadav has since been arrested from a remote village in Mathura, but for a service that came to vogue “as the best way to request a safe, reliable” cab service in Delhi this has certainly come as a big blow.  After the cabbie was caught hiding in a wedding crowd, his wife and  three children have abandoned their Mathura home .
But what could be more damaging for the Uber is the fact that the company seems to have skipped arent-a-cab service permit and was operating only an All India Tourist Permit. Moreover, it is yet to comply fully with rules laid down by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
READ: Virtual Uber has not call centre, on ground staff, could face heat.
Incidentally, the Deputy Commissioner of Police investigating the case had to download the Uber app and book a cab to find when the company had its office in the National Capital Region. Even after reaching the Gurgaon office of the company, all he could find was a couple of caretakers.
READ: Deputy Commissioner of Police, North, Madhur Verma’s quest for the Uber office
The Indian Express investigations a day after the incident shows how Delhi taxi drivers are juggling between services, often at the cost of safety. Shalini Narayanan took to Delhi roads in a Uber cab to unravel this interesting tale.

UN wants countries to take in 180 000 SyrianrefugeesBy: Press Trust of India | Geneva |
Posted: December 8, 2014 10:55 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 11:10 am
More than 30 humanitarian organisations on Monday launched an appeal for countries to take in around 180,000 refugees from the Syrian conflict. That figure would represent five percent of the projected refugee population by the end of 2015, according to the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
The issue will be discussed at a conference in Geneva tomorrow. After three years of fighting in Syria, more than 3.2 million refugees are registered in neighbouring countries and with little sign of the conflict coming to an end, the UNHCR believes the number could rise to nearly 3.6 million by the end of 2015.
If countries would take in 180,000 refugees, and an accompanying aid package and economic support was provided to the nations that open their doors, “it would also encourage those countries to keep their borders open to ensure those in Syria can flee the conflict, and could contribute to their stability,” the UNHCR said.
“Syria’s neighbouring countries have shown incredible generosity over the last three and a half years, but the strain of the crisis is weighing heavily on infrastructure and public services,” the agency said. Turkey and Lebanon, for example, each host more than one million registered refugees.
The UN refugee agency called on countries which have not accepted any refugees so far, such as the Gulf states and Latin American countries, to do their bit.

Switzerland asks India to give black money proofSwitzerland asks India to give black money proof
Kozhikode: 20 detained for clashes during  Kiss of love  eventKozhikode: 20 detained for clashes during  Kiss of love  event
Copper futures gain on overseas trend  spot demandCopper futures gain on overseas trend  spot demand
Board of SPML Infra plans to raise funds through QIP routeBoard of SPML Infra plans to raise funds through QIP route
Infosys falls 3.4% after founders sell stake worth $1.1 bnInfosys falls 3.4% after founders sell stake worth $1.1 bn
James Franco  Seth Rogen address Sony hack on  SNLJames Franco  Seth Rogen address Sony hack on  SNL
Markets in the red; BSE IT index down 2%Hi Guest
Sensex plunges 339 points in biggest drop in 8 weeks; Infosys falls 5%
The broader markets ended weak in-line with the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices fell 0.9-1.2%. Benchmark share indices ended over 1% lower on Monday weighed down by selling pressure in Infosys after four co-founders sold part of their stake in the IT major. The 30-share Sensex ended down 339 points at 28,119 and the 50-share Nifty closed 100 points lower at 8,438. The Sensex and the Nifty touched an intra-day low of 28,097 mark and 8,432. The broader markets ended weak ...

For 1st time in 100 years  Tata Steel is buying iron oreFor 1st time in 100 years  Tata Steel is buying iron ore
Maruti gets their single largest order of Gypsy from Indian armyMaruti gets their single largest order of Gypsy from Indian army
N bihari m nt talking wid u  m talking wid my followers  so u no dnt n...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Oil hovering multiyear low airlines stock will fly high.spicejet will ...Silver Member
5 Followers
Oil hovering multiyear low,airlines stock will fly high.Spicejet will be able to find an investor ,but the main thing is at which price promoters are willing to sell.
11.29 AM Dec 8th  | Track

Bhel is going to go down to 208. - my target for bhel is rs 208 for th...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Finally a good break out. it may look insignificant but a rise from 19...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Four Infosys founders sell 32.6 mn shares for $1.1 bnInfosys founders sell stake worth Rs 6,484 cr
BS Reporters | Bengaluru Dec 09, 2014 12:57 AM IST
Infosys co-founders N R Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, Dinesh K and S D Shibulal’s wife , Kumari Shibulal, along with their families, sold 32.6 million shares in the country’s second-largest information technology services company on Monday, for an overall amount of Rs 6,484 crore.
The share sale led to a sharp plunge in the IT heavyweight’s share price, eroding about Rs 12,400 crore (at 62/$) from the company’s market capitalisation. The Infosys stock hit a month’s low during intra-day trade on Monday, before ending five per cent lower at Rs 1,972 on the National Stock Exchange.
Even as the share sale triggered speculation over the reasons behind the founders’ decision, Murthy and Nilekani, in separate statements, said the move was aimed at raising funds to invest in their philanthropic efforts. They added they had “tremendous confidence in the future of Infosys and its leaders”.
An Infosys spokesperson refused to comment, saying it was a “family decision of the promoters”.
The sale was executed by Deutsche Equities India and was carried out at an average price of Rs 1,988.87 a share. It saw participation from domestic and foreign institutional investors, Deutsche Bank said in a release.
“Our family has sold a minor part of our stake to continue various activities, including our efforts to encourage entrepreneurship and our personal philanthropic efforts,” Murthy said in a statement. “These are activities I expect to be busy with during the next phase of my life. Even after this sale, our family continues to be the largest shareholder among retail shareholders.”
ALSO READ:  Mr Sikka's game plan
The move comes months after Murthy retired from the company, after 33 years at the helm, and left its reins at the hands of Chief Executive Officer Vishal Sikka.
On the stake sale, Sikka said, “The founders continue to be among the largest retail shareholders in the company. They have reiterated their commitment to the future of the company and reinforced their belief in and support of its leadership. As I have always said, the founders have left an indelible legacy and culture in this iconic company and I respect and trust their decision of contributing towards philanthropic activities and entrepreneurship and other initiatives. In fact, contributing to the greater good is something close to the company’s heart. I am looking forward to further strengthening and reinforcing this area. So, in that sense, this action by them is aligned with the company’s values.”
Deutsche Equities said the sale had been carried out to partially monetise founders’ stake for personal reasons. Analysts feel the promoters have monetised their stake at the right time. Shares of the Bengaluru-based company have risen 21 per cent since so far this year and 8.9 per cent in the past two months.
ALSO READ:  Infosys founder stake sale: Should you worry?
Despite Monday’s stake sale, the company’s founders and their families continue to hold substantial stake in Infosys. Murthy, along with his family members, sold 12 million shares in Infosys, 23.3 per cent of the family’s total holding; Nilekani and his family also sold 12 million shares, 31.3 per cent of their holding. While Dinesh and his family sold 6.2 million shares (21.5 per cent of their total holding), Shibulal’s wife, Kumari Shibulal, sold 2.4 million (9.6 per cent of her stake).
Brushing aside speculation that the share sale was carried out in a hurry, Sanjay Sharma, managing director (equity capital markets), Deutsche Equities, said it was executed over the weekend and done in a planned manner, as trading in Infosys shares in local and ADR (American depositary receipts) markets gave a very short marketing window for a block sale.
Several market sources, however, said on Monday, about a dozen institutional investors woke up to calls from Deutsche Equities India, which was offering 32.6 million Infosys shares at a four per cent discount to Friday's closing price of Rs 2,069.70 a share.
“Even with a short deal launch period of less than five hours, we could reach out to investors in most geographies,” Sharma told Business Standard. “The issue was at a discount from the previous close; it needs to be looked at in the context of the large size of the deal. Also, it was done at levels pretty close to the all-time high of Rs 2,183 a share.”

Welcome back  HDFC Bank tells its former employeesHDFC Bank to welcome back its former employees
Somasroy Chakraborty | Kolkata Dec 09, 2014 12:48 AM IST
India’s second-largest private-sector lender, HDFC Bank, has decided to take the idea of hiring back former employees a step ahead by introducing a new employee recruitment programme, Khoj.
“We never had a policy that prevented us from re-employing our former workers. But now we are putting a lot more emphasis on our re-hire policy. The bank’s businesses are growing fast and we have a huge manpower requirement. We realised that a number of people who had previously worked with us wanted to join us back. So, this programme has been introduced,” Philip Mathew, HDFC Bank’s chief people officer, told Business Standard.
The bank, which had 68,165 employees at the end of March, aims to re-hire as many as 3,000 former employees over the next 12-18 months. Apart from using formal channels like staffing agencies, the bank is leveraging social networking sites like Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter to contact former employees with job offers. “It is a formal hiring campaign, with some degree of informality,” said a senior HDFC Bank executive.
The lender believes this strategy will not only help improve employee productivity but will inject fresh ideas to grow businesses profitably. Many of the bank’s former employees now work in different industries and have gained experience across a wide range of businesses. If they join back, they will be able to share their experience and bring new ideas. Besides, these workers are familiar with the culture, systems and processes of the bank.
“This will ensure best of both worlds. They know what to expect and how to deliver, so the learning and unlearning curve for them will be much shorter. Also, their ideas and experience will help the bank,” said the executive. Business heads of the bank had extended their support to this programme, he claimed.
Globally, management consulting firm McKinsey is believed to have pioneered the concept of ‘alumni relations’ to stay in touch with employees leaving the organisation. But such a practice is not common in India.
While re-hiring, however, the bank is not relaxing any of its standard assessment processes. “Even for former employees, we are following a competitive process. We are identifying those who previously had a good track record with us and are now doing well in their new organisations. Then they go through processes that are similar to what we follow while recruiting new employees,” Mathew said.
He added the bank had not abandoned its lateral hiring programme, which would continue and was expected to complement the Khoj project.
Former employees are not necessarily being re-hired to do the same jobs they previously did at HDFC Bank. Many of them have joined new departments. A majority of former employees are currently being added in the branch banking business, where the manpower requirement is generally high.

Qantas reports A$2.8bn loss on fleet writedownAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Qantas shares slide after watered-down dealAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

A lot of churning is going on: Scindia on the Congress and the way forwardA lot of churning is going on: Scindia on the Congress and the way forward
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: December 1, 2014 9:45 am
Related

Is the government doing enough to face the challenges posed by the Maoists in Chattisgarhis the government doing enough to face the challenges posed by the maoists in chattisgarh
Previous Poll | Should Raghuram Rajan announce a rate cut in RBIs policy review on Tuesdayprevious poll | should raghuram rajan announce a rate cut in rbis policy review on tuesday
J. K. Rowling ready with her Christmas gift for Harry Potter fansWritten by Ananya Das | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 3:54 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:55 pm
Renowned author J. K. Rowling is set to create magic in the 12 days leading upto Christmas, by opening yet again the gates of the wizarding world of Harry Potter for her fans.
Rowling announced on Friday via an email to Pottermore users, that the 12-day period– from December 12-23– will have one Potter story released daily at 1 pm GMT.
Pottermore is the author’s official site. The Potter fans will be tweeting #PottermoreChristmas this festive season, as Rowling will release moments from Half-Blood Prince, shiny gold Galleons and maybe even a new potion or two.
Rowling says at least one of the stories will focus on Potter’s rival, Draco Malfoy.
The author who rose to fame with the Harry Potter fantasy series, wrote 5,000 words for Pottermore about another auxiliary Potter character, Dolores Umbridge, back on Halloween.
Rowling has also authored several other books like The Casual Vacancy and The Cuckoo’s Calling and is the recipient of numerous awards and honorary degrees.

Does Google steal your ideasDoes Google Steal Your Ideas?
by AllTime Conspiracies 2:44 mins
8,700 views
Does Google Steal Your Ideas?
by AllTime Conspiracies 2:44 mins
8,700 views
Does Google Steal Your Ideas?  Through its myriad media mechanisms, Google has access to a worrying amount of our data - but even more than that, it has an unprecedented number of our thoughts, art and ideas at its fingertips. Is Google stealing our ideas?
Link

IPTL: Roger Federer arrives in Indiatennis
Tennis legend Roger Federer on Sunday arrived in the capital to play his first match in Indian soil when he turns up for Indian Aces during the third leg of International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) in New Delhi.
The 33-year-old Swiss, who enjoys a massive fan following in the subcontinent, shared the news of his arrival in his twitter account when he posted a photograph of him along with 14-major winner Pete Sampras.
“Just landed in Delhi. Look who I found on the plane #PistolPete,” Federer wrote in his twitter page, along with the photograph which had both the legends smiling for the camera.
Just landed in Delhi. Look who I found on the plane #PistolPete pic.twitter.com/dWFwvVncNQ
— Roger Federer (@rogerfederer) December 6, 2014
The 17-time grand slam winner, Federer also retweeted a photograph which was posted by IPTL managing director Mahesh Bhupathi in his page.
“He is here, checked in and ready..@rogerfederer @iptl #breakthecode,” Bhupathi wrote.
— Mahesh Bhupathi (@Maheshbhupathi) December 6, 2014
During his three-day stay in the country for third leg of IPTL, which started on Saturday, Federer will play for Indian Aces against Singapore Slammers and UAE Royals.
Besides playing the Legends singles, Federer is likely to pair up with Sania Mirza to play the mixed doubles on Sunday and Monday.
Tennis legend Boris Becker, who coaches World No. 1 Serb Novak Djokovic, is also expected to be present in the capital for the third leg of the IPTL.

Dhoni s captaincy under the microscope in AustraliaDhoni's captaincy under the microscope in Australia
Reuters
The Hindu A file photo of M.S. Dhoni in action at M.A. Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai.
NEW DELHI, Dec 7:  
Tours of Australia have traditionally been tests of character for visiting Indian cricketers and skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni will no doubt be put through the wringer when the four-test series starts in Adelaide on Tuesday.
Dhoni, having recovered from a thumb injury, joined his team mates on Saturday and is expected to lead them in Adelaide after the series was pushed back following the tragic death of Australia batsman Phillip Hughes.
Virat Kohli had been in line to lead the team in the first test but with the match being rescheduled Dhoni has had enough time to recover.
Dhoni took over the captaincy of the limited overs side in 2007 after Rahul Dravid cracked under the pressure of leading a team representing a country of 1.2 billion cricket fans, arguably the most difficult job in the game.
Under Dhoni's captaincy, India won the Twenty20 World Cup in 2007 and the 50-over World Cup four years later and remained the top ranked test team for a year and half in between.
But India's most successful captain has also presided over a series of dismal away performances. When India beat England at Lord's in July, it was their first away test victory in over three years.
Dravid is among those who have vouched for Kohli's leadership qualities after the 26-year-old led India to a 5-0 ODI whitewash of Sri Lanka last month.
"I think he's (Kohli) got a good cricket brain," the former India captain told ESPNcricinfo. "He's spent quite a bit of time learning from Dhoni.
"If he can bat well in test matches and have that certainty about himself as a player, then I have no doubt that he's the obvious candidate to take over from Dhoni once he's finished."
Dhoni reads limited over games like no other, but has struggled in the longer version where his usual pro-activeness deserted him and he would often wait for the game to change course rather than force the issue himself.
Arch-rivals Pakistan inflicted a morale-sapping 2-0 defeat on Australia in the United Arab Emirates in November, while the hosts are also fretting over the fitness of their own captain, Michael Clarke.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Aishwarya Rai Bachchan goes ethnicAishwarya Rai Bachchan goes ethnic
Actress Aishwarya Rai Bachchan inaugurated a jewellery showroom in Amritsar on Sunday (December 7).
She looked beautiful in a blue and white churidaar suit. (Source: Rana Simranjit Singh)
Aishwarya gets out of her car. (Source: Rana Simranjit Singh)
Aishwarya makes her way to the stage with a smile. (Source: Rana Simranjit Singh)
Aishwarya looked as elegant as ever while greeting the audience. (Source: Express Photo by Rana Simranjit Singh)
The former beauty queen and Bollywood diva Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has represented India at various occasions and has been constantly involved in social work, since the time she was crowned Miss World in 1994.
November 19 marked the 20 year anniversary of the glorious moment and also the eve of her  father's 75th birthday. The actress celebrated the occasions by sponsoring the cleft surgeries for 100 children in a city hospital.
Seen here is Aishwarya with her father Krishnaraj Rai. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
It was a delight to see this beauty with her dad as she rarely has been seen with him in public. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Aishwarya who has refrained from any kind of public display of affection towards anybody in public was all smiles at this event. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
So was her dad. He was showering her with all the attention and love. Guess she is still 'daddy's li'l girl'. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Aishwarya started this activity last month and has been constantly monitoring all the cases. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Dressed in black, Aishwarya looked beautiful as ever. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The parents of the children also seemed really glad to have found support from the actress. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
She will also be meeting around 50-60 children to celebrate the day. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Civil aviation ministry approves   share till   model for Navi Mumbai airportCivil aviation ministry approves ''share till'' model for Navi Mumbai airport
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 12:45 AM IST
City and Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco), a Maharashtra government undertaking, has crossed yet another hurdle with the Union ministry of civil aviation clearing its plea for ‘share till’ approach for the Navi Mumbai international airport, on the lines of Delhi and Mumbai airports. This was one of the issues about which bidders had sought clarification from Cidco. Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis had personally spoken to Union Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju about 10 days ago seeking an early approval in this regard.
Cidco Vice-Chairman and Managing Director Sanjay Bhatia told Business Standard: “Chief minister Fadnavis and the civil aviation ministry informed me about the approval for the ‘share till’ approach. ‘Share till’ means part of the revenue generated from non-aeronautical facilities will also be used for compensating airport passengers. With this, the project will become competitive. Cidco now hopes to get competitive bids.”
Bhatia said Cidco has extended the time for submission of request for qualification (RFQ) to the third week of January. “No further extension will be given,” he added.
Earlier, Cidco had extended the deadline for submission of RFQ to July 30, September 2 and October 31 and December 10. Cidco had issued the RFQ on February 5.
Tata Realty and Infrastructure, Zurich Airport, Ferrovial, MIAL, SREI Infrastructure, Samsung C&T, IL&FS, GMR Group, Shakat Aviation, Walnut Aviation, ESSEL Infrastructure and Vinci Concessions India had shown interest in project development.
Cidco is the nodal agency for the Navi Mumbai airport project. The project requires 2,268 hectares out of which 1,160 hectares will be used for aeronautical purposes. Cidco is in the process of acquiring of 600 hectares of private land for the airport project.

Identifying beneficiaries a challenge for cash transfer of kerosene subsidyIdentifying beneficiaries a challenge for cash transfer of kerosene subsidy
Sudheer Pal Singh | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 12:42 AM IST
The government's plan to introduce direct cash transfer instead of distributing subsidised kerosene to cut down on leakages could face the hurdle of beneficiary identification.
Unlike direct benefits transfer (DBT) in cooking gas, where oil marketing companies (OMC) had the data of the liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) customers, no such data exists with them for kerosene consumers. OMCs sell kerosene at subsidised rates to dealers, who in turn sell the fuel to fair price shops.
Kerosene is currently distributed to ration card holders under at least three categories for varying levels of quota - above poverty line, below poverty line (BPL) and Antyodaya Anna Yojana. Cash transfer of subsidy would require identifying genuine users and linking their bank accounts with Aadhaar.
DIFFICULT PATH
Unlike direct benefits transfer in cooking gas, where oil marketing companies had the data of the liquefied petroleum gas customers, no such data exist with OMCs for kerosene consumers
OMCs sell kerosene at subsidised rates to dealers, who in turn sell the fuel to fair price shops
Kerosene is distributed to ration-card holders under at least three categories for varying levels of quota – APL, BPL, Antyodaya Anna Yojana
|Cash transfer would require identifying the genuine users and linking their bank accounts with Aadhaar
"Unlike LPG, which we monitor at the consumer level, OMCs do not keep data of kerosene consumers, as it is sold through PDS (public distribution system). But if the government is planning cash transfer, these issues would be worked out," said a senior Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) executive.
India consumed 158 million tonnes (mt) of petroleum products in the past financial year, including 7.1 mt of kerosene.
Thanks to near-stagnant domestic prices, OMCs' underrecoveries on kerosene have swelled over the years, leading to significant subsidy sharing burden for the government, too. Subsidised kerosene accounted for 21 per cent or Rs 30,000 crore of total under recoveries of Rs 139,000 crore in FY14. The share increased to 27 per cent (Rs 14,000 crore) of the total underrecoveries of Rs 51,000 crore in the first half of the current financial year.
Kerosene prices have risen marginally from Rs 14.83 a litre in June 2011 to Rs 14.96 at present. OMCs are, therefore, losing Rs 25.69 on every litre.
The Centre is reportedly planning to write to states to provide subsidised kerosene only to un-electrified households. States that had achieved near 100 per cent electrification would be incentivised to become kerosene-free.
Un-electrified households could choose between cash subsidy in lieu of kerosene allocation and upfront subsidy for greener solar lighting system.
According to Census 2011 data, kerosene is no longer a fuel of choice for cooking but is used for lighting purposes. It has been almost completely replaced by LPG in urban and semi-urban areas and biomass is the cooking fuel of choice in the rural areas.
Less than two per cent of India's rural households use kerosene as cooking fuel. Kerosene subsidy outgo is estimated to come down to Rs 5,852 crore in next year's Budget to be presented in February.
Total petroleum subsidy (for PDS kerosene, LPG and diesel) was Rs 63,427 crore in the current year's Budget.
The move is being opposed by Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam. "If the Union government is actually contemplating such a harsh measure, it would impose considerable hardship on the people of Tamil Nadu," he said in a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The state has been urging the government to increase the monthly allocation of kerosene to meet Tamil Nadu's full requirement of 65,140 kilolitre (kl) a month. At present, the allotment of PDS kerosene to Tamil Nadu, after 10 successive reductions from the level of 59,780 kl in March 2010, remains at 29,056 kl.
A task force on direct transfer of subsidies, headed by Unique Identity Authority (UIDAI)'s then chairman Nandan Nilekani, had identified ensuring effective targeting of subsidies as a fundamental challenge and suggested addressing wrongful inclusion.
"A common example is that of the same beneficiary receiving subsidy for both the fuels, kerosene and LPG," the task force had said in its report.
The government had in December 2011 attempted direct cash transfer of kerosene subsidy through a pilot in Rajasthan's Alwar district. It had also planned to roll out the programme nationwide.
Commenting on DBT in kerosene, a committee under former Planning Commission member Kirit Parish had said in its April 2014 report that the success could be achieved only if it was rolled out in all states with the subsidy restricted to BPL families.
"The participating states should also put in place an institutional mechanism to undertake cash transfer of kerosene subsidy to the bank account of ration card holders in an efficient and transparent manner," it had said.
It had recommended the DBT on kerosene for BPL families should completed within two years.

Coal linkage not part of power plant sale: Coal ministryBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
In a dampener for the banking sector and promoters of power projects, the coal ministry has decided that sale of a power plant will not automatically carry its coal linkage as part of the sale, but must be applied for afresh.
The ruling has been invoked for the acquisition of a 600-MW plant by RP-Sanjiv Goenka group company CESC at Chandrapur in Maharashtra. Consequently, the thermal power plant completed this year has been mothballed.
CESC managing director Aniruddha Basu told FE the company had been informed that a coal linkage could not be bought along with the buyout of a plant.
“We are ready to do whatever is required, including the payment of a penalty, to restore linkage. But the government is unable to take a decision for lack of policy,” Basu claimed.
The coal ministry’s stance, if extended to other power plants where promoters may look to exit, could hit investor sentiments which have ebbed in recent years due to a paucity of fuel supply and rising costs. The stipulation could impact valuations of the projects adversely. A large number of power projects are either operating below their optimum capacities or are stranded, making it difficult for lenders to recover funds.
In 2009, CESC had acquired Dhariwal Infrastructure Private Ltd, which ran the Chandrapur plant from the Manikchand Group. CESC renamed it Dhariwal Infrastructure, dropping the term “private” after acquiring the full equity.
The plant had been issued a coal linkage which had added to its valuation, but the standing committee on coal linkage informed CESC that consequent to the name change it had become a new company and so the letter of assurance issued to it was now invalid.
The power plant’s coal linkage from South Eastern Coalfields (SECL), a subsidiary of CIL, therefore stood withdrawn. The linkage committee also informed CESC that since the change in the name of the company and its status had not been communicated to the former earlier, the plant would need to apply afresh for the linkage.
A coal ministry source too confirmed to FE about the development and said the Cabinet would need to take a decision now.
Meanwhile, documents have been forwarded to the law ministry for reference as the case is unprecedented. There are no rules covering such situations. Also, as most decisions on coal allocation are under judicial review, the ministries would also want to tread cautiously on the issue.
CESC has invested Rs 3,500 crore in the project on a 75:25 debt to equity ratio. It has completed the first 300 mw unit in February, followed by the second 300 mw unit in August this year. But the plant is unable to start commercial production without the coal linkage. With the project mothballed, the plant is running its maintenance on imported coal.
In the process, the company will have to fork out nearly Rs 400 crore a year for debt services, Basu said. This is over and above the additional one-time payment of Rs 977 crore of fine for excess coal recovery in the Coalgate case, the RP-Sanjiv Goenka group company will have to pay to the government.
CESC currently has an installed capacity of 1225 mw in West Bengal. It plans to commission another unit of 1,200 MW from its upcoming plants in Haldia in the same state and from the Chandrapur project.
Not a package deal:
* Coal ministry refuses transfer of coal linkage to the buyer of the 600-MW plant at Chandrapur in Maharashtra
* CESC told that coal linkage could not be bought along with the plant
* The ministry’s stance, if extended to other power plants, could hit investor sentiments
* Several projects are operating below their optimum capacities
TAGS: Coal Coal India Coal Ministry Indian Economy
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

SBI to take final call on $1 bn loan to Adani in 3 mthsSBI to take final call on $1 bn loan to Adani in 3 mths
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 08:55 IST
State Bank of India has said the final decision on the controversial $1 billion (Rs 6,200 crore at 1 dollar = 62 rupees) loan agreement with Adani Group for its Australian mining project would be taken by the lender's executive committee in 2-3 months.
SBI  had last month signed a pact with Adani Group on the sidelines of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Australia.
"The executive committee after due deliberations will decide about the disbursement to Adani," SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya told PTI.
"At present, all the aspects are being studied. Appraisal is being done. It will take about two-three months to study the project and thereafter taken to the committee for final approval," she added.
Loans of over Rs 400 crore are generally cleared by the executive committee headed by the chairperson. The other members of the executive committee include two executive directors (of the four managing directors on board) and non-executive director/directors who are present in the city where the meeting is held.
Besides, RBI nominee director Urjit R Patel (RBI Deputy Governor) is a part of the executive committee.
Adani Mining is building a 300 km rail line for its about $16-billion Carmichael coal mine project in Australia.
The development of the coal mine located at Queensland in Australia and required infrastructure including railways would cost $7.6 billion.
Queensland state's Coordinator General has approved a $2-billion (2.2 billion Australian dollars) rail line project called the North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) that would link Adani's Carmichael Coal Mine with Abbot point coal terminal.
Opposition party Congress had raised concerns over SBI's $1 billion loan pact with Adani Group signed during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Australia.
Ms Bhattacharya had clarified the bank had just signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU).
"This is not a loan sanction that we have given. It will go through proper due diligence both on the credit side as well as on the viability side... The board will take a call and then only loan will be given," she had said.

Uber taxi driver accused of rape arrested in MathuraUber cab driver accused of rape arrested in Mathura
IANS –  Sun 7 Dec, 2014
Print
New Delhi/Mathura: A cab driver accused of raping a 25-year-old working woman in Delhi Friday night was arrested Sunday from his hideout in Uttar Pradesh's Mathura town, police said. The driver was being brought to Delhi and will be presented before court Monday.
Shiv Kumar Yadav was taken into custody from his hideout in Mathura, about 135 km south of the capital, Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat told IANS in Delhi.
The 32-year-old driver, a resident of Mathura, was caught in a joint operation by Delhi and Uttar Pradesh Police force.
A police official told IANS in Mathura that Yadav was being interrogated at the Highway Police Station after he was nabbed from Chandrapuri colony. Police said they have also seized a white car.
"He is being brought to Delhi," Bhagat said.
The driver, employed with international cab-booking company Uber, is accused of raping the woman who was returning home in north Delhi's Inderlok area from Gurgaon, where she is employed as an analyst in a finance company in Sector 21 for the past three years.
After the name of Uber came up in the case, the app-based ride-sharing service Sunday issued a statement, saying it has given police all details of the driver and GPS information.
"Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver's account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done," Uber spokeswoman Evelyn Tay said in a statement.
"Safety is Uber's highest priority, and in India, we work with licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform," the spokeswoman said.
However, Deputy Commissioner of Police Madhur Verma said: "The driver of the cab, booked through Uber, had not been subjected to a police verification. The company, which did not get his background check done, was asked to join the investigation Sunday."
He said the cab also did not have the mandatory GPS.
Police said they traced the driver's cellphone number, and it was registered in the name of a person called Gaurav.
The driver also did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority, which is recommended for those engaged in driving cabs in the capital.
Earlier Sunday, Delhi Police declared a reward of Rs.1 lakh for information on the driver, a resident of Mathura, despite constituting 12 separate teams of Crime Branch and district police to arrest him following the rape.
In her police complaint, the woman said she finished her day-long shift around 7 p.m. Friday and went to a hotel in Gurgaon for dinner with her friends.
The woman was later dropped in Vasant Vihar area by her friends from where she hired a private cab around 9.30 p.m., police said quoting from the complaint.
"While on my way home, I fell asleep on the back seat of the cab. A few minutes later, I realised that the car was stopped at a secluded place and the driver was molesting me," the woman said in her complaint.
She said the driver slapped her many times when she objected to his molestation attempt.
"I tried to unlock the cab door but failed. The driver threatened to kill me and raped me," the woman said.
Police said the driver later dropped the woman near her home and once again threatened her with dire consequences if she approached police.
Police said the woman made a call to the police control room around 1.30 a.m. Saturday and informed officials about her ordeal.
She also provided police a picture of the car's number plate with the number DL 1YD 7910. The car, a Maruti Swift Dzire, was recovered from Mathura Saturday night.
A formal complaint was registered by the woman at Sarai Rohilla police station in Delhi.
Recommend

Sonakshi Sinha: I will never join politicsBy: Press Trust of India | Jalandhar |
Posted: December 8, 2014 9:19 am
Actress Sonakshi Sinha says she likes discussing politics with her actor-politician father Shatrughan Sinha but has no intent of trying her luck in it.
The 27-year-old ‘Rowdy Rathore’ star said politics is not her cup of tea and she would like to concentrate on films only. “I will never join politics. There is no possibility for me to join politics. I am a creative person and I always want to do something creative in my life,” Sonakshi told PTI.
The ‘ Action Jackson ‘ actress, however, said offlate she has started taking interest in political affairs. (Read review: Action Jackson )
“My interest started after Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led BJP government came at the centre. I often talk to my father about this because everyone wants to know what our PM and government are doing and I also have interest in this,” she said.
Shatrughan is the sitting MP from Patna Saheb. His daughter was here to attend the inaugural event of Kabaddi World Cup. She even owns a Kabaddi team United Singhs in the World Kabaddi League.
Sonakshi Sinha will be next seen in Arjun Kapoor-starrer ‘Tevar’, which is scheduled for release on January 9, 2015.

Quarrying threatens paleolithic rock art in PalakkadUpdated: December 8, 2014 09:29 IST
Quarrying threatens paleolithic rock art in Palakkad
K.A. SHAJI
The Hindu
The two sites of cupolas on the down-hill areas of Nelliampathy mountains. Photo: K.K. Mustafah
Indiscriminate quarrying activity in the downhill areas of Nelliyampathy in Palakkad district is threatening the existence of two rock surfaces with unique paleolithic-age cup markings (cupola).
These cup markings are deemed important in the study of primitive paleolithic people of the subcontinent. Such sites are rare in the country.
In the State, such rock surfaces are found at Vellaramkunnu, near the Chulliyar dam, Muthalamada grama panchayat; the adjacent Chappakkad tribal colony; and Parouli in Thrissur district.
Vellaramkunnu and Chappakkad also faces imminent destruction due to large-scale quarrying.
Archaeological investigator Suvarna Nalappatt told The Hindu that the conservation of the cupolas were vital to research.
“Experts call them the oldest art form of humankind. It is believed that human beings started experimenting with fine arts in the beginning of the upper paleolithic era,” Dr. Nalappatt, the managing trustee of the Nalapat Trust of Education and Research, said.
Cupolas are scattered across the world, except Antartica. The cupolas of Nelliyampathy could help trace the ancient history of the region, she said.
“The cup markings in Muthalamada are fairly big and uniform in size. The series in each site bears resemblance to crocodiles,” Dr. Nalappat said.
“The cupolas need protection and preservation by the government. Already, some have been destroyed by local people as they are unaware of the importance of these. Now, the quarries are posing a severe threat,” K. Saravanakumar, an activist, said.

Asia Ekes Out Gains  Sombre Data Offsets Robust US Jobs NumbersYou are here: Home Market
Asia Ekes Out Gains, Sombre Data Offsets Robust US Jobs Numbers
Reuters | Updated On: December 08, 2014 09:16 (IST)
India VIX Jumps Pricing in Global Linkages, Uncertain Rate Cuts
Tokyo: Asian stocks eked out gains on Monday in wake of much stronger-than-expected US employment numbers, although sobering data highlighted the sluggishness in the region's key economies and tempered gains.
The dollar hovered at multi-year highs against the yen after Treasury yields spiked on the robust US employment report.
Indicators released on Monday showed that China's trade performance in November was much weaker than expected while Japan's economy in the third quarter shrank more than initially reported.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan inched up 0.1 per cent. Tokyo's Nikkei stood flat as the downward revision to Japan's GDP neutralised the positive impact of a weaker yen.
The Shanghai composite index gained 1.5 per cent after the downbeat Chinese data added to hopes that China will implement more stimulus to shore up its economy.
"Shockingly, (China's) imports contracted by 6.7 per cent year-on-year - their weakest performance since the Lehman crisis (except the volatile Lunar New Year-related period), said Dariusz Kowalczyk, economist at Credit Agricole in Hong Kong.
"This is partly a reflection of lower commodity prices and base effects, but these two factors cannot fully explain the weak import number and we have to assume that poor domestic demand has played a part. This means that pressure will rise on the government to do more to stimulate growth," he said.
The Australian dollar, sensitive to the economic fortunes of of China, its main export destination, touched a new 4-1/2 year low of $0.8288.
The disappointing Chinese and Japanese data contrasted sharply with Friday's US non-farm payrolls that showed employment in November surged by 321,000, easily topping forecasts for 230,000 new jobs.
The dollar was steady at 121.580 yen after touching a new seven-year high of 121.860. The dollar index hovered near a 5-1/2 year high of 89.467.
A bullish dollar worked against crude oil, with the stronger greenback making commodities denominated in the US currency less affordable for holders of other currencies.
US crude was down 77 cents at $65.07 a barrel, heading towards a five-year low of $63.72 struck a week ago, with a strong US jobs report doing little to lift the bearish mood.
Some commentators focused on the positives of cheaper oil.
"The good news is that the fall in crude oil prices will provide well over two-thirds of the world's consumers with a windfall gain, particularly, the US, North Asian and Indian consumer. It is of modest help to Europe as well," Sean Darby, chief global equity strategist at Jefferies, said in a note to clients.
"This windfall gain ought to boost global GDP by around 0.5 per cent for every US$20/barrel drop in oil prices (with a lag)."
The dollar stood tall against the euro, which languished near a two-year low of $1.2270.
The euro and yen are expected to remain on the defensive against the dollar indefinitely as the strong US jobs data further contrasted the divergent monetary policy paths of the Fed and its European and Japanese counterparts which are mired in underwhelming easing schemes.
While the Fed is seen to have moved a step nearer to hiking rates, the European Central Bank is under pressure to enhance its stimulus programme while the Bank of Japan remains far from reaching its inflation target.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Fresh allegations against Rohtak sisters  another man accuses girls of spinning false talesDec 08, 2014 at  10:05am IST
Fresh allegations against Rohtak sisters, another man accuses girls of spinning false tales
138
0
Rohtak: In yet another twist in the tale of the Rohtak sisters, another man has now accused the girls of spinning false stories. The man has claimed that the two girls had made an allegation of molestation against him, six months back.
The duo had gained nation wide popularity after they thrashed three men for alleged molestation in a bus in Rohtak.
The man also claimed that he had to quit college and his parents had to pay the girls in order to drop the charges.
#rohtak #rohtak sisters #false stories #molestation case
Complainant said, "The sisters had falsely implicated me in a molestation case. My family paid them to save our reputation."
Father of the complainant said, "We wanted to save our reputation, so we paid them. We paid them Rs 20,000 to get off the hook."
The two girls were also seen in a new video beating up a boy in a park. The video allegedly dates back to October 2014.
41

Army  police search Jammu-Delhi Rajdhani Express after bomb threatNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Delhi-bound Rajdhani Express from Jammu was stopped and thoroughly searched by the Army and police yesterday night at Pathankot in Punjab after authorities received an specific alert about the presence of an explosive in the train.
The alert was passed on to Punjab police by their J-K counterpart, following which the search operation was launched, a senior police official said.
Nearly 150 security personnel including three DSP-rank Punjab Police officers, a SP-rank officer, besides Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel thoroughly searched the train at Pathankot Cantt station, about 250 kms from here, Pathankot SSP Rakesh Kaushal said.
Later, the Army’s help was also sought which also joined the search for presence of any explosive, he added.
After being stopped at Pathankot Cantt station at around 9:30 PM, the search by the Army carried well past midnight.
“There was a specific input passed on by the DGP of J&K Police to us after which we acted swiftly and started searching the train thoroughly.
We did not want to take any chances. We also sought the Army’s help,” Kaushal told PTI over phone.
Notably, security forces were on maximum alert in the wake of December 5 terror attacks carried out by the militants in J&K. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is also scheduled to address poll rally in the Valley today.
Pathankot town in Punjab is located along the Punjab-J&K border.
Asked if the input passed on by J&K police mentioned that a bomb could have been placed inside the train, the SSP said, “there was threat input…we swung into action immediately. The passengers may have been inconvenienced, but for us their safety and security was paramount.”
The passengers were asked to disembark from the train, which had left Jammu at around 7:45 PM to reach Pathankot after 9:30 PM, after traveling a distance of about 100 km.
Dog squad, bomb disposal squad and other equipment were used to search the train for presence of any explosive.
TAGS: Jammu And Kashmir Rajdhani Express
More from miscellaneous

Will Riteish Deshmukh make an appearance in Kyaa Kool Hain Hum3By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 11:08 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 11:11 am
Riteish Deshmukh, who starred in ‘Kyaa Kool Hain Hum’ and its sequel ‘Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum’, may not be part of the third instalment of the franchise, but he is expected to make an appearance in the upcoming sex comedy.
Tusshar Kapoor and Aftab Shivdasani, who were part of the cast of the first two movies, recently shot for popular comedian Kapil Sharma’s show ‘Comedy Nights With Kapil’. And Tusshar took to Twitter to share the news with his followers.
“My Hatrick epi with @kapilsharmaK9 on @comedynightsK9, kickstarts the hatrick Kya Kool Hain Hum 3!…,” Tusshar tweeted Sunday.
After this, Riteish sent his best wishes to the film’s team.
“@TusshKapoor @KapilSharmaK9 @AftabShivdasani Kyaa Kool Hai Hum 3 – is going to be bigger than ever – good luck my brothers,” he commented.
Tusshar asked for Riteish’s support and tweeted: “@Riteishd it’s your franchise, too, you have to support us throughout, aapko darshan toh dene padenge!”
The ‘Ek Villain’ star gave his confirmation saying: “@TusshKapoor Bilkul – done”.
The Ekta Kapoor’s Balaji Motion Pictures’ project also stars Krushna Abhishek.

Infosys founders seeking $1.1 bln via stake sale:SourceBy: Reuters |
Posted: December 8, 2014 11:04 am
Some of the founders of Infosys Ltd want to sell shares for $1.1 billion in the Indian IT outsourcing company, a person familiar with the matter said, months after the company picked its first outsider as chief executive officer.
Four of the original founders, co-founders and their families are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of 1,988 Indian rupees ($32) each, a 4 percent discount to Friday’s close, the person said.
Deutsche Bank is the sole book runner of the sale and the books were covered just after the launch, said Thomson Reuters publication IFR. It named the founders as Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, S.D. Shibulal and K. Dinesh.
The person declined to be named as the matter remained confidential and Infosys executives were not immediately available for comment.
Infosys, established by seven engineers in 1981, chose Vishal Sikka as its CEO in June in a bid to overhaul a company that was once the posterchild of India’s $100-plus billion IT services industry but which had in recent years scrambled against rivals for low-margin contracts..
Some investor said Infosys failed to move up the value-chain due to its risk averse management team which was largely comprised of the company’s founders and co-founders.
Most of these executives have left the company since Sikka took office in August.
The founders and their families held a combined 91.5 million shares, or nearly 8 percent of Infosys’ outstanding shares, according to the company’s annual report.
Infosys shares are up 18.8 percent so far this year, while the benchmark Indian share index is up about 35.4 percent.

Uber cab driver a repeat offender; jailed earlier in a rapecaseWritten by Mayura Janwalkar | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 10:59 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 7:42 pm
THREE days after a 27-year-old woman was allegedly raped by the driver of a cab booked through Uber, the Delhi government on Monday banned the company from running its operations in the city. The government said the cab-booking service, headquartered in San Francisco, was carrying out its business in contravention of the Motor Vehicle (MV) Act, 1988.
Meanwhile, the accused driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, who was arrested from Mathura on Sunday, was sent to three-day police custody by a Delhi court on Monday.
In its statement, the transport department said that taking into account the “horrific crime committed by the driver” and the violations by the company, it “has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by http://www.Uber.com with immediate effect. The transport department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the NCT (National Capital Territory) in future.”
The statement added, “Condemning the unfortunate and heinous crime committed by the driver of an All India Tourist Permit (AITP) holder of a taxi bearing registration mark of DL1YD 7910, the transport department has cancelled the said permit of the taxi, registration certificate of the said taxi and driving licence of the said driver. The permit was granted on May 28, 2014 after due verification of character and antecedents of the permit holder.”
The police verification has since been found to be forged (see accompanying report).
Speaking to The Indian Express, a senior official said, “The verification is for registration of the vehicle. It is the responsibility of the person seeking the registration of his vehicle to procure clearance from the police. The vehicle is registered in the name of the permit holder. In this case, the driver (accused Shiv Kumar Yadav) was the permit-holder.”
In its statement, the transport department said, “An AITP taxi was provided by M/s Uber on the request of the commuter through the Uber Web application for a local journey within Delhi which was in contravention of the MV Act, 1988 and rules framed thereunder. M/s Uber also misled the commuter about the nature of the taxi service offered by the Uber App.”
According to transport department officials, a vehicle with an AITP permit can travel across states in India, but cannot be used for travel within a particular state.
In 2010, Delhi’s transport department floated an Economy Radio Taxi Scheme. The six radio taxi services registered under this scheme are Easy cabs, Mega cabs, Meru, Chanson, Yo cabs and Air.
The scheme lists a series of requirements: the driver must have studied till Class X at least and should have no criminal antecedents, permit holder will be held responsible for quality of drivers, their police verification and behaviour. The employers are also required to ensure that the drivers are safe, reliable and trustworthy.
In addition, the “permit holder and driver shall be jointly or individually responsible for any continued…

SpiceJet s poison could be aviation s cure | No relief for the airline from DGCAYou are here: Home > Collections
Curbs on SpiceJet may lead to increase in ticket prices
Anirban Chowdhury & Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 10.08AM IST
Tags:
Air India
(Some analysts reckon that…)
NEW DELHI|MUMBAI: The aviation regulator's directive to Spice-Jet to limit advance bookings to just a month and its withdrawing 186 flights are likely to increase airfares substantially in the future, which may disappoint passengers but bring some respite to its peers.
The budget airline had recently unleashed a string of special fares, often catching competition off guard. While some airlines feel that the regulator's action would lead to sanity in pricing, others feel that it would actually result in competitive pricing for last-minute bookings.
Some analysts reckon that spot fares are indeed expected to soften as SpiceJet will increasingly compete in this space in the coming days. "If limiting bookings to one month for SpiceJet continues, the airline will have to fill all its seats in the past one month. This would only lead to aggressive pricing by the airline in the past one month to fill its seats, hence, a fare war in the last-minute bookings. This surely won't be good for the aviation industry," said an Air India official.
"There would definitely be some sanity in pricing because of the move, at least in the short term. For the past few months, SpiceJet was the only airline which had pushed the industry into spates of flash sales, which were often not conducive to margins," said another executive with a domestic carrier.
Some travel analysts fear that the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) order will lead to advance purchase inventory and may impact growth in the market.
"The air passenger market has seen excellent growth this year after a lapse of two years on the back of great prices available for advance bookings. The recent move by the DGCA will result in a reduction in inventory for advance purchases and a consequent increase in fares, which could lead to a slowdown in the air market," said Sharat Dhall, president at Yatra.com, an online travel portal.
The Indian aviation market saw over 20 discount offerings led by SpiceJet since January this year, triggering a huge increase in the number of passengers, as average fares in some sectors witnessed a drop.
A Makemytrip.com data shows that fares in the past six months have dropped in some key sectors, including Hyderabad-Chennai, Kochi-Bangalore, Delhi-Mumbai, Mumbai-Chennai, Chennai-Hyderabad, Delhi-Bhubaneshwar, among others. The drop in fares had been in the range of 17 to 40per cent.
Industry analysts, however, feel that the low fare regime will only see a temporary moderation, as other airlines would continue to offer discounts. "I do not see lower fare regime changing, but temporary moderation is possible with the DGCA order on SpiceJet. The aviation market in India continues to be competitively placed and expect airline fares to reflect passenger sensitivity. I hope to see stability in offering fares closer to departure," said Kapil Kaul, CEO of CAPA in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys dives 3% as 4 founders plan to sell stake;  stock a long-term betYou are here: Home > Collections > Clsa
Infosys slips over 3% as founders sell stake; top Sensex loser
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 09.59AM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(Infy slipped as much as 3.5%…)
NEW DELHI: Infosys Ltd slipped as much as 3.5 per cent in trade on Monday, after media reports that four of its founders are seeking to raise about $1.1 billion by selling stakes in the IT outsourcing company.
At 09:34 a.m.; Infosys was trading 3 per cent lower at Rs 2007. It hit a low of Rs 1996.65 and a high of Rs 2017 in trade today.
The founders are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of 1,988 Indian rupees ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close, Reuters said in a report quoting IFR.
Deutsche Bank is the sole book runner and the books were covered just after the launch, IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication said.
According to analysts, investors with a long term time horizon can still look at buying Infosys at lower levels. Last week in an analysts' meet Dr Sikka reiterated that Infosys continues to be on track to return to industry levels of growth by June 2016.
Dr Sikka reiterated his vision of Infosys' revival, using his 'New+Renew' theme, in the analyst meet held on Thursday last week. Infosys' new management's maiden analyst day was marked by Dr Sikka's reiteration of his 'New+Renew' theme, CLSA said in a report.
The Asia-pacific broker maintains 'buy' on Infosys with a target price of Rs 2500, which translates into an upside of 18.9 per cent in the next 12 months.
We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital, said the CLSA report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil below $69 as Morgan Stanley cuts forecastYou are here: Home > Collections
Brent stays below $69 after Morgan Stanley forecast, China trade data
Reuters Dec 8, 2014, 04.34PM IST
Tags:
Beijing
(Oil prices fell more than…)
LONDON: Brent crude oil fell almost $2 a barrel on Monday to a new five-year low on predictions that oversupply would keep building until next year after OPEC decided not to cut output.
"Without OPEC intervention, markets risk becoming unbalanced, with peak oversupply likely in the second quarter of 2015," Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Longson said.
In a report dated Dec. 5, the US investment bank said oil prices could fall as low as $43 a barrel next year. The bank cut its average 2015 Brent base-case outlook by $28 to $70 per barrel, and by $14 to $88 a barrel for 2016.
Brent crude for January was down $1.45 at $67.62 a barrel by 1030 GMT, having fallen $1.72 to $67.35 -- its lowest since October 2009.
US crude was down $1.16 at $64.68 a barrel, after hitting a session low of $64.63. The US contract, also known as West Texas Intermediate, touched $63.72 last week, its lowest since July 2009.
At a meeting last month, top oil exporter Saudi Arabia resisted calls from poorer members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to reduce production, fuelling a further slide in prices, which have lost more than 40 percent since June.
Signs that the US shale industry has yet to be hit by the slump in crude prices, adding three new oil-drilling rigs in the last week, further depressed the market.
"It was just a small increase, but nevertheless it was an increase despite the sharp price drop," said Carsten Fritsch, senior oil and commodities analyst at Commerzbank in Frankfurt.
"Given continued oversupply and still no sign yet that US oil production starts to show any reaction, perhaps prices will continue to head lower," he added.
Mixed Chinese trade data also unsettled prices.
China's imports shrank unexpectedly in November, falling 6.7 percent, while export growth slowed, fuelling concerns the world's second-largest economy could be facing a sharp slowdown.
China's crude oil imports rose 9 percent in November from October to 6.18 million barrels per day, suggesting the country may be boosting its reserves.
"If one looks at the overall economic indicators, they are all showing a picture of China which is stagnating rather than having strong growth," said Olivier Jakob, oil analyst at Petromatrix in Zug, Switzerland.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Investors make a beeline for India-based PE fundsDomestic consumption, political stability position India as top investment destination
Sneha Shah, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
(Renuka Ramnath’s Multiples…)
MUMBAI: After foreign portfolio managers pumped more than $40 billion into Indian stocks and debt on hopes of an economic revival with the new Narendra Modi government at the helm, investors are now turning toward Indian private equity funds. After two years of muted fund raising by India-focused PE funds, marquee investors are now loosening their purse strings.
Renuka Ramnath's Multiples Alternative Investment has raised $350 million toward the first close of its second fund. Global institutional investors such as Canadian Pension fund CPPIB, Sofina, PGGM, BlackRock and CDC have invested in the first round of the $550 million fund. Last week, Rabo India's agri business fund raised $200 million toward the first close.
"Growing domestic consumption, results of the recently concluded general elections that gave stability at the Centre and declining global commodity prices have created a trifecta to position India once again as one of the top investment destinations in the world," said Kalpana Jain, senior director, Deloitte India, in a recently released report.
The fund raising by Multiples is significant considering that limited partners or LPs, investors in such funds, have been disappointed with India investments.
Ramnath declined to comment when asked about the fund raising on the sidelines of a recently concluded conference on private equity. Most investors have been worried about their return on investments as a slowdown and macroeconomic factors, currency depreciation and corporate governance issues have been hampering investments. According to industry experts, India has returned only three cents for every dollar invested by overseas investors.
"As business sentiment improves, the stock market too has seen a gain of over 25% (January 1-September 30). This would be beneficial in creating conditions for exits in the coming years," Jain of Deloitte said. After successfully deploying most of its first fund of $405 million raised in 2010 in more than 10 companies such as Arvind, Cholamandalam Investment and Finance, DelhiVery, Indian Energy Exchange, PVR, South India Bank, Sara Sae and Vikram Hospital, Multiples is now targeting a $500 million fund.
Ramnath's team started soft marketing the new fund after the avowedly pro-business Modi government came to power. "Multiples is bracing towards the first close of its second fund. They have raised around $350 million already," a senior private equity professional said on condition of anonymity.
Nupur Garg, Regional Lead – Private Equity Funds, South Asia, at IFC said, “With the availability of GPs who have gone through at least one investing cycle, LPs want to evaluate the track record and investment strategy before making an investment in a fund. The lack of exits and liquidity has enhanced the fund raising challenges. At IFC, we take a long term view to investing in India and are generally patient with delayed liquidity as long as we see value accretion in the underlying portfolio.” She was speaking at the PE conference mentioned above.
Global investors such as CDC, Dutch cooperative pension fund manager PGGM, Belgium based investment firm Sofina, Canadian Pension Fund (CPPIB) and Black-Rock have committed capital to the new fund. Multiples has already started looking for investment opportunities from its second fund.
"The final fund raise is expected to close by next year. The first investment will be announced as early as January 2015," the managing director of a private equity fund said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SpiceJet sinks 14.7% intraday; investors fret over survivalDec 08, 2014, 10.31 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SpiceJet sinks 14.7% intraday; investors fret over survival
Shares in troubled low-cost carrier SpiceJet tumbled 14.7 percent in early trade today before recovering some ground to trade 5.6 percent lower, amid a flurry of bad news that has led to questions whether the country’s fourth-largest aviation firm would come out intact from a severe fund crunch.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SpiceJet sinks 14.7% intraday; investors fret over survival
Shares in troubled low-cost carrier SpiceJet tumbled 14.7 percent in early trade today before recovering some ground to trade 5.6 percent lower, amid a flurry of bad news that has led to questions whether the country’s fourth-largest aviation firm would come out intact from a severe fund crunch.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares in troubled low-cost carrier SpiceJet  tumbled 14.7 percent in early trade today before recovering some ground to trade 5.6 percent lower, amid a flurry of bad news that has led to questions whether the country’s fourth-largest aviation firm would come out intact from a severe fund crunch.
SpiceJet, which has accumulated losses of over Rs 3,000 crore (of which Rs 1000 crore was notched up in the last fiscal year itself) and Rs 4,000 crore of debt, has been making headlines for a number of wrong reasons: flight cancellations, reduction in operations as well as reports of the company not being able to have enough capital to maintain operations.
On Saturday, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) revoked flight slots that SpiceJet has not been using and asked it to pay unpaid salaries of its staff before December 15.
There have also been reports of a pilot exodus with many reportedly heading to rivals such as Jet Airways. In fact, during the latest quarterly results, auditors had expressed concerns over SpiceJet’s ability to operate as a “going concern”.
The SpiceJet board is about to meet today where, among other things, recapitalization is expected to be discussed. Analysts say a fund infusion is necessary to keep the firm going and last month, COO Sanjeev Kapoor had said the firm was close to striking a deal with an investor, a move tha t investors have been waiting for long now.
Shares in rival Jet Airways, meanwhile surged 8 percent, as the airline was expected to benefit from the steep fall in crude prices recently, and as the firm began shutting down its low-cost operations (JetLite) in December to focus on full-service operations.
RELATED NEWS

Live: Naqvi defends Sushma s Bhagwad Gita remarks  says nothing wrong in itmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Stage set for third phase polling on 17 seats in JharkhandPress Trust of India | Dec 08, 2014 at  10:29am IST
Ranchi: Polling will be held on Tuesday in 17 seats in Jharkhand in the third leg of the five-phase Assembly election where voters will decide the fate of 289 candidates, including former Jharkhand chief minister Babulal Marandi, ex-Speaker CP Singh and three ministers.
Voting will begin at 7 AM on Tuesday in the 17 constituencies spread across eight districts amid tight security. It will end at 3 PM in 14 constituencies while the exercise will carry on till 5 PM in Ranchi, Hatia and Kanke constituencies.
Polling for 33 of the 81 seats was concluded on November 25 and December 2 with a turnout of 61.92 per cent and 64.68 per cent respectively.
Polling for 33 of the 81 seats was concluded on November 25 and December 2 with a turnout of 61.92 per cent and 64.68 per cent respectively.
Marandi, who became the first chief minister of the state after resigning from the erstwhile Atal Bihari Vajpayee council of ministers on November 15, 2000, is locked in a tight contest at Dhanwar constituency which was won by his Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (Prajatantrik) candidate Nizzamudin Ansari in the 2009 Assembly elections.
Ansari filed nomination on a JMM ticket but his papers were invalid following his conviction in a murder case. Eight MLAs are seeking re-elections in this phase, having 103 independent candidates out of a total of 289, including 26 women.
The constituencies going to the poll are: Kodarma, Barkatha, Barhi, Barkagaon, Ramgarh, Mandu, Hazaribagh, Simaria (SC), Dhanwar, Gomia, Bermo, Ichagarh, Silli, Khijri (ST), Ranchi, Hatia and Kanke (SC). They are spread over eight districts - Ranchi, Hazaribagh, Bokaro, Chatra, Seraikella/Kharsawan, Ramgarh,
Kodarma and Giridih.
Hatia has the highest 29 contestants while Silli has the lowest 11 nominees. While the JMM has fielded 16 constituencies, the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (P) has nominated 15, BJP and the Bahujan Samaj Party have 14 contestants each followed by Congress (13), CPI (8), NCP (3), Ajsu party (3), RJD (3) and CPM (2) and 103 independents.
There are as many as 2,713,65 voters in the 18/19 age group in the electorate of 50,16,657, including 23,55,728 women. Out of 5,865, including 31 auxiliary, polling stations, 409 are situated in urban areas. In all, 347 polling stations have web casting while 29,310 polling personnel have been deployed to oversee the democratic exercise.
The EC has also appointed 17 general observers, seven expenditure observers, two police observers, two awareness observers and 807 micro observers. There are 5,862 EVM control units and 9,073 ballot units. More than one EVM will be used in Kodarma, Barkagaon, Ramgarh, Mandu, Hazaribagh, Ichagarh, Khijri, Ranchi and Hatia as there are more than 16 candidates in the fray.
Apart from these arrangements, VVPAT (Voter verified paper audit trail) will be used in Ranchi, Hatia and Kanke.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Jaipur: 70-year-old woman paraded half-naked on donkey over property dispute180
0
Jaipur: A 70-year-old woman has alleged that she was tortured and paraded half-naked on a donkey by relatives who wanted to grab her property at Kameri-Chouhan village in Bhilwara district, police said.
The FIR was filed by Haribai Gujjar, a widow, with the Raipur Police station in Bhilwara district on Saturday about the alleged incident of November 23, SHO Bajju Ram said.
Preliminary investigations revealed that it was a land dispute in which the woman and her five relatives, including her foster son, were involved, the SHO said. In her statement, the woman told the Investigating Officer that she was made to put her thumb impression on some papers, the SHO said.
Preliminary investigations revealed that it was a land dispute in which the woman and her five relatives, including her foster son, were involved.
#rajasthan #woman paraded #jaipur #bhilwara
He said no eyewitnesses have come forward so far. The village panchayat of Kameri-Chouhan which met on November 23 had ruled that no one should buy her land and promote any deal to any buyer, the SHO said, quoting the village head.
A case has been registered under sections 143 (unlawful assembly), 123 (Concealing with intent to facilitate design to wage war), 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC against five persons - Dayaram (foster son), Manna, Suresh, Shankar, and Paras, the SHO said. A probe was on into the matter, he added.
6

Markets Live: Infosys stake sale impact: Sensex down 61 points; IT  TECk stocks plungeWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

BSE Sensex opens lower by 77 points onprofit-bookingDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The benchmark BSE Sensex declined further by 20 points in early trade today on selling mainly in IT sector amid lower Asian cues and foreign capital outflows.
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 109.45 crore last Friday, as per provisional data.
The 30-share index Sensex resumed lower at 28,433.00 and hovered in a range of 28,494.85 and 28,380.93 before quoting at 28,438.36 points at 1000 hours.
It showed a loss of 19.74 points or 0.07 per cent from its last close.
The NSE 50-share Nifty also moved down by 9.85 points or 0.12 per cent to 8,528.45 at 1000 hours.
Major losers were Infosys (3.72 pct), TCS (1.81 pct), Dr Reddy’s Lab (1.23 pct), SSLT (1.12 pct) and Hindalco (0.80 pct).
Asian stocks were trading mostly lower in their early trade after disappointing data from Japan and China.
Key benchmark indices in Taiwan, Singapore, South Korea and Indonesia were off 0.01 to 0.6 per cent while indices in Japan, China and Hong Kong were up 0.08 to 1.42 per cent.
However, US stocks rose last Friday lifting the Dow and S&P 500 to a record high as investors embraced a stronger-than-forecast November payrolls report as backing the view that the economy can handle rate hikes by the Federal Reserve in 2015.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex Infosys Stock Market
More from indianmarkets

Delhi rape: Everything you need to know about Uber  their India operations and what happened onSundayBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 10:56 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 7:42 pm
One of the world’s most talked about startups, the San Francisco-based Uber, finds itself in the eye of a storm after one of the drivers in its network on Delhi allegedly beat up and raped a 27-year-old woman who had hired his vehicle.
Driver Shiv Kumar Yadav has since been arrested from a remote village in Mathura, but for a service that came to vogue “as the best way to request a safe, reliable” cab service in Delhi this has certainly come as a big blow.  After the cabbie was caught hiding in a wedding crowd, his wife and  three children have abandoned their Mathura home .
But what could be more damaging for the Uber is the fact that the company seems to have skipped arent-a-cab service permit and was operating only an All India Tourist Permit. Moreover, it is yet to comply fully with rules laid down by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
READ: Virtual Uber has not call centre, on ground staff, could face heat.
Incidentally, the Deputy Commissioner of Police investigating the case had to download the Uber app and book a cab to find when the company had its office in the National Capital Region. Even after reaching the Gurgaon office of the company, all he could find was a couple of caretakers.
READ: Deputy Commissioner of Police, North, Madhur Verma’s quest for the Uber office
The Indian Express investigations a day after the incident shows how Delhi taxi drivers are juggling between services, often at the cost of safety. Shalini Narayanan took to Delhi roads in a Uber cab to unravel this interesting tale.

Gold  Silver prices likely to trade negative: Sushil FinLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold, Silver prices likely to trade negative: Sushil Fin
According to Sushil Finance, gold and silver prices are likely to trade on negative note on the back of outlook on US interest rates.
Post your opinion here
Sushil Finance's report on bullion
Gold
Gold fell more than 1 percent on Friday, after U.S. November non-farm payrolls data beat forecasts, fueling expectations that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates sooner rather than later and lifting the dollar.
Labor Department data showed the U.S. economy added 321,000 new jobs last month, the largest number in nearly three years, and wages increased.
That sparked a rally in the U.S. dollar, which hit multi year highs and prompted traders to bet the Fed will raise rates earlier in 2015 than formerly thought.
Higher rates boost the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding gold and lift the dollar, in which the metal is priced.
In the physical bullion markets, Chinese buying remained steady with premiums unchanged at about $1-$2 on Friday.
Outlook
We expect gold prices are likely to trade on negative note on the back of outlook on US interest rates.
Silver
Silver was down 0.9 percent at $16.26 an ounce.
U.S. employers added the largest number of workers in nearly three years in November and wages increased, which could bring the Federal Reserve closer to raising interest rates.
Nonfarm payrolls surged by 321,000 last month, the most since January 2012, the Labor Department said on Friday. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
Data for September and October were revised to show 44,000 more jobs created than previously reported.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast payrolls increasing by only 230,000 last month.
Outlook
We expect Silver prices are likely to trade on negative note on the back of outlook on US interest rates.
For all commodities report, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy USDINR Dec: target of 62.35-62.40: KarvyLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy USDINR Dec: target of 62.35-62.40: Karvy
Karvy has recommended to buy USDINR December above 62.1650 for the target of 62.35-62.40 with a stop loss of below 62.10.
Post your opinion here
 
Karvy's report on rupee
Rupee Review: Major economic data released from the US markets indicated a sustained growth in the US economy with the US economy adding 321000 jobs in November. It is the highest gain in nearly three years, and a tenth straight month of over 200000 or more jobs being added. US construction spending rose more than 1.1 percent in October, and productivity at 2.3 percent. Indian rupee had a positive close this week after being stuck in range for most of the week.
Outlook: Asian markets are trading on a marginally positive note this morning after the US markets closed with minor gains on Friday, but mixed data from China and Japan this morning failed to sustain the upward momentum. Data that was released on Friday from the US markets came in close to expectations indicating a sustained growth in the US economy, but Japan’s revised GDP numbers came in lower than expected indicating the economy shrank more than expected. SGX Nifty Dec futures are trading on a mixed note at 8578.00 with a minor change from Friday’s close, indicating a flat opening for the day.
In terms of currency, Asian currencies are trading on a negative note with respect to the dollar. US dollar appreciated against all the major currencies after the positive jobs data. Japanese Yen is trading lower at 121.54, Euro at 1.2290 below the 1.2300 mark, and Pound below 1.5600 with respect to the US dollar. One month Rupee NDF is trading at 62.27 with a change of 15 paisa from Friday’s close indicating a negative opening for the Indian rupee. We expect rupee to open on a negative note with respect to the dollar but appreciate against the remaining three currency pairs.
Important Economic data is to be released today: Japan’s GDP was revised lower, China’s Exports fell for this month. In the afternoon we have industrial production from Germany.
Technical Recommendation:
USDINR DEC: Buy above 62.1650 TP 62.35/62.40 SL below 62.10
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Infosys Plunges on Promoters  Share Sale News: Where is a Hundred Billion Dollar to be InvestedInfosys Plunges on Promoters  Share Sale News: Where is a Hundred Billion Dollar to be Invested
Uber rape case: Mamata Sharma calls for concrete  tough steps by judiciaryUber rape case: Mamata Sharma calls for concrete  tough steps by judiciary
Reliance Industries to raise $1 billion by selling bondsReliance Industries to raise $1 billion by selling bonds
BJP s Sadhvi to speak at riot-hit Trilokpuri todayBJP s Sadhvi to speak at riot-hit Trilokpuri today
Did You Know: No profit for 5 yrs  yet Mapro Ind stock surges 2850%Did You Know: No profit for 5 yrs  yet Mapro Ind stock surges 2850%
Sensex Consolidates Amid Choppy Trade; IT Stocks DragSensex Consolidates Amid Choppy Trade; IT Stocks Drag
Small  mid caps in favourSmall  mid caps in favour
Modi looks to Bihar for future of farmingModi looks to Bihar for future of farming
Modi seeks to woo Kashmiri votersModi seeks to woo Kashmiri voters
Call 9038016168 to cover your lossCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy siemens @ cmp tgt : 1090 sl: 870 duration: max 40 trading session....Silver Member
140 Followers
Buy Siemens @ CMP TGT : 1090 SL: 870 Duration: Max 40 trading session. Intraday TGT hit on Nifty , Cipla , Asian Paints , Infy , Cairn , ONGC . For More updates follow us and More information contact us. Regards A-One Group
11.59 AM Dec 8th  | Track

Today my buy order for 1 lakh shares at rs.14 has got partially execut...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Cnbc tv18`s basis for analysis on the market is reasonably good. they ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Big surprise: Congress-backed National Students  Union of India sweeps Rajasthan University pollsNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Congress-backed National Students’ Union of India (NSUI) swept the Rajasthan University students union elections by winning the top four posts.
National Students’ Union of India (NSUI) bagged the posts of President, Vice-President, General Secretary and Joint Secretary, University PRO Bhupendra Singh Shekhawat said.
National Students’ Union of India (NSUI)’s Anil Chopra has been elected as the President of the students union, who defeated Shankarlal Gora of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) by a margin of 700 votes.
Anil Chouhan has been elected as Vice-President, Vijay Deep Singh Tamaria as General Secretary and Surbhi Meena as Joint Secretary, Shekhawat said.
Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad’s sole candidate Banshilal Bahara won the post of Research Students’s representative, the PRO said.
Poll results were announced amidst tight police security around the University area.
Votes were polled on August 23 and on the same day the elections were stayed by the single bench of Rajasthan High Court.
Later, the court cancelled the polls observing that Lyngdoh Committee Recommendations have been violated.
However, with widespread violent protest by students, the Divisional Bench of High Court asked the University to announce the results.
Reacting on the results, Pradesh Congress Committee Vice President Dr Archna Sharma said students were tired of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and voted against the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad students.
TAGS: ABVP NSUI
More from miscellaneous

Cardamom surges by 2.4% on spot demandCardamom surges by 2.4% on spot demand
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 11:11 AM IST
Cardamom prices climbed Rs 20.10, or 2.36%, to Rs 872.20 per kg in futures trade today as speculators created fresh positions driven by strong demand in spot markets.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, cardamom for delivery in January next year shot up by Rs 20.10, or 2.36% to Rs 872.20 per kg in business turnover of 291 lots.
The spice for delivery in December edged up by 70 paise, or 0.09% to Rs 772 per kg in 17 lots.
Traders said apart from strong demand in spot markets, restricted arrivals from producing belts, mainly led to the rise in cardamom prices at futures trade.

Copper gains by 0.3% on overseas trendCopper gains by 0.3% on overseas trend
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 11:11 AM IST
Amid a firming global trend, copper prices moved up by Rs 1.05, or 0.26%, to Rs 404.45 per kg in futures trade today.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, copper for delivery in far-month February next year was up by Rs 1.05, or 0.26%, to Rs 404.45 per kg in a bsuiness volume of 353 lots.
Metal for delivery in April 2015 gained 95 paise, or 0.23%, to Rs 408.30 per kg in business turnoverof seven lots.
Marketmen attributed the rise in copper futures to a firming trend in base metals at the London Metal Exchange (LME).
Further, rising demand from consuming industries at domestic spot markets supported the upside, they said.
Meanwhile, copper for delivery in three months rose 0.2% to $6,460.75 a tonne at the LME.

Top 6: Foods to soothe your stomachlifestyle
Top 6: Foods to soothe your stomach
If you are feeling the side-effects of overeating, try a few foods that can soothe your stomach and make digestion easier, reports Huffington Post. (Text: IANS)
Banana: The banana is an easy-to-digest food that won't force your stomach to work too hard after an evening of fourth helpings. In particular, the potassium in bananas helps the digestive system to run smoothly. Bananas are also rich in a soluble fiber that can help reduce diarrhea. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Orange juice: Indigestion is sometimes caused by a lack of stomach acidity, and the natural acids in oranges may be a fix. If you're drinking orange juice to calm an upset stomach, drink it before eating and do not drink it alongside carbohydrates -- this could lead to more gas and discomfort. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Add a little bit of spice: Though you might not be craving much flavor the day after pie-extravaganza, adding a bit of spice to your dishes might help soothe your stomach. Cumin has been shown to stimulate the liver to secrete more bile, which helps the body better digest. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Skip the salt: Salt causes the belly to retain water, so reaching for salty potato chips and other processed snacks after a holiday meal may not be the best choice. Munch on unsalted almonds or air-popped popcorn if you're in need of a crunch. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Have some rice: White rice is bland and low in fiber, so your stomach doesn't have to work hard to digest it. Similar plain foods, like toast and boiled potatoes, won't stress out your sensitive stomach and can help stop diarrhea by absorbing fluids. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Serve yourself some peppermint tea: Your mom was on to something when she offered a cup of this stuff whenever you had tummy troubles. Joseph says sipping on a cup of peppermint tea can help to ease bloating, cramps and nausea. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Related

Photos: The 9 most sought-after tablets of 2014Prev Next
Amazon Fire HD: The perfect budget device for those that want to browse and consume rather than get overly creative or productive. Amazon’s tablets are getting better every year and, at $99, even though you’ll be locked into Amazon’s smaller ecosystem of apps and services and the fact that the screen is just 6 high definition inches in size, the Fire HD 6 is hard to beat in terms of price and performance.
Amazon Fire HD: The perfect budget device for those that want to browse and consume rather than get overly creative or productive. Amazon’s tablets are getting better every year and, at $99, even though you’ll be locked into Amazon’s smaller ecosystem of apps and services and the fact that the screen is just 6 high definition inches in size, the Fire HD 6 is hard to beat in terms of price and performance.

Markets consolidate as global concerns remainTanvi Varma      Follow @vtanvi    Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 19:40 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After touching all-time highs in November, stock markets consolidated past gains in the week ended December 5. The broader market represented by the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex ended the week with a 100-point loss at 28,458 while the Nifty fell 25 points to end at 8,538. Major sectoral gainers during the week were the FMCG Index, which rose 6%, while the media index rose 2%. IT and Healthcare indices lost 1% each during the week.
"Mid- and small-cap stocks were major gainers as risk appetite made a comeback. The RBI's dovish statements also gave a fillip to the sentiment," says Dipen Shah, head, private client group research, Kotak Securities.
This week's most important event was the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) policy, which maintained a status quo on interest rates. The RBI hinted at cutting rates in the early part of the next calendar year provided inflation falls. It added that cutting rates at the moment would be premature as it wants to see if the fall in crude oil and food prices is durable.
The week also saw the government kick off disinvestment with SAIL's offer for sale . The offer was subscribed 2.58 times in the retail category and 1.96 times in the general category.
"Among other major news, India's low-cost airline SpiceJet tumbled 13.78% on Friday on the BSE due to the Airport Authority of India's declaration that it is withdrawing its credit limit relating to user fee," says Rakesh Goyal, senior vice president, Bonanza Portfolio.
Among global markets, Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.94% after news that Japan's coalition is set to win the December elections. It was supported by a lower yen. Chinese stocks, too, soared to multi-year highs amid the steep rise in shares of financial and oil sectors and on the back of expectations of economic stimulus measures.
Among other global events, the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday was watched closely by experts.
"We understand that no decision has been taken to implement Quantitative Easing (QE) by the ECB. The Bank's next meeting will be on January 22 and hopefully by that time a decision can be taken to identify the amount of QE. On the other hand, crude continued to fall lower (more discounts by Saudi Arabia), which increases the risk concerning the world outlook," says Vinod Nair, head, fundamental research, Geojit BNP Paribas.
The week's gainers among the A-Group stocks were Jet Airways (43%), Strides Arcolab (28%), Essar Oil (25%), BEL (26%) and Wockhardt (25%). The major losers were Kailash Auto Finance (28%), Aban Offshore (11%), Kaveri Seed Company (10%), Container Corp (7%) and Crompton Greaves (7%).

US condemns attacks in J&K; no change in Kashmir policyUS condemns terror attacks in Kashmir; no change in Kashmir policy
By Arun Kumar | IANS –  Sat 6 Dec, 2014
Print
Washington, Dec 6 (IANS) The US has strongly condemned Friday's terrorist attacks in Kashmir and said it remains firmly committed to working in close partnership with India to defeat terrorism in all its forms.
"The United States strongly condemns today's terrorist attacks in Kashmir, which claimed the lives of innocent civilians, military, and police personnel," a senior State Department Official said in a statement.
"The United States remains firmly committed to working in close partnership with India to defeat terrorism in all its forms," the official said.
"Our hearts go out to the families of those affected by this deplorable attack."
As many as 21 people, including eight army men, were killed and at least 10 injured Friday in a string of brazen militant strikes in Kashmir ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's election rally in Srinagar Monday.
Jammu and Kashmir State is in the midst of five-phase assembly elections between Nov 25 and Dec 20.
Earlier, State Department spokesperson Marie Harf in response to a question about the attacks said the US was concerned about any violence in Kashmir, but its policy on Kashmir hasn't changed and it still favoured a dialogue between India and Pakistan.
"Obviously we're concerned about any violence in Kashmir. Our policy on Kashmir hasn't changed," she said.
"We still believe that the pace and the scope and character of India and Pakistan's dialogue on Kashmir is for those two countries to determine, of course."
The US "embassies in both places have raised these types of incidents with their respective host governments and certainly encouraged both to continue working together on the issue," Harf said.
Asked to comment on the fact that the attack happened soon after Pakistani army chief Raheel Sharif's visit to the US during which he met Secretary of State John Kerry too, she said: "I think that you're conflating a couple of things."
"Obviously, we know the Secretary and the army chief of staff had a very productive discussion on Sunday on a range of security-related issues, and again, we're concerned about any violence in Kashmir," she said.
"I wouldn't jump to conclusions here," Harf said when asked about Pakistan's alleged involvement in the attack. "But we have encouraged both countries to work together on this."
(Arun Kumar can be contacted at arun.kumar@ians.in)
Recommend

Explore Kumaoni cuisine in the Corbett National ParkElusive Tigers, Charging Elephants and Kumaoni Food at Corbett
What has the Corbett National Park got to do with food? Plenty!
By Chef Michael Swamy | FOODIE  –  Tue 2 Dec, 2014 3:50 PM IST
Recommend
0
Jim's Jungle Retreat
The Corbett National Park in Uttarakhand has had many a fascination for me. Being the oldest national park of the country, my first introduction to this forest (as is true for most of us), came from the exciting stories of tigers, leopards and wild elephants that were written by Jim Corbett. Jim Corbett for me, was a unique entity in himself, having begun as a hunter (famous for hunting man-eaters) and going on to become a serious conservationist. He was a man of many talents and his world of writing has enthused many a soul - certainly mine. 
The drive to Corbett from Delhi can take one about 6 hours, however, if you take the old road one can add an hour or so, but that extra time is absolutely worth it. Driving through rural India, rather than zipping by on an expressway, is a wonderful entry into a whole world of colour and culture. Stopping at a roadside dhaba for lunch and walking along a multitude of roadside stalls to sample the snacks of the region adds to the fun – particularly for food lovers. Crossing into Uttarakhand, wherein lies the Corbett National Park one is fairly impressed by the change in manners and attitude of the locals.
Library Verandah
What has this to do with food you may ask? My answer is PLENTY!!! As one delves into the world of lodges and retreats while searching for a good clean room that is near the jungle, the search for good food is also on. The lodges around the park create a spell of unusual names (most of them immortalizing Jim Corbett), offer a range of rooms but seem disappointing when it comes to the food – as most of them serve the typical chicken-tikka-palak-paneer menus. Food for me is an integral part of a journey as it invokes several memories and even if one doesn’t see a tiger one can take home something more than just a comfortable stay. 
While I have been to several resorts (and I am not classifying the 5 star properties in this), none come close to the magic of Jim’s Jungle Retreat, a true wildlife resort owned by Daleep Akoi, who has always shared a deep relationship with forest and conservation. It is a pleasant surprise to see the endeavours of Daleep and “JJR’s” General Manager, Rati Karwal, as they strive to make the jungle experience a memory for life for their guests. Not only do the spacious rooms, wonderful topiary and genteel staff make one comfortable from the onset, the food is also exceptional thanks to most of the fruits, vegetables and herbs being grown in the organic garden on the property. The property also has large amounts of curry leaf trees, night jasmine trees, rhododendron and mulberry shrubs growing all over the place. And Daleep and Rati have used this natural magic in creating their own blends of herbal and floral teas, which guests can enjoy at any given time. The chef has his own style of cooking and there is so much one can learn and experience in his kitchens – specially when it comes to the local Kumaoni cuisine that hardly anyone else offers. Kumaoni food is simple and elegant with a minimal use of oil and spices. The flavours are subtle and the only great heating spice is the Pahadi green chilli which can really get your ears smoking! I loved the simple local meals of mandua rotis, lai ki sabzi, rajma, rice and mutton curry that were served. What really struck me as commendable was the effort of the chef to keep himself updated on other cuisines and trends and his openness to learning new things. This is achieved by conducting cookery workshops (which is probably a first in the area) and having professionals come in and do special cookery sessions for the guests and staff.
A morning inside Corbett National ParkComing to the main reason for visiting Corbett, it is of course, the park ride. Setting out in an open jeep is a thrill with the cold morning air swirling around you as you drive through the mist-laden grassland. The goal is to be one with nature as best as can be. The forest is quite a dense one and the tiger is elusive. However, there are times when you can almost feel one watching you through the elephant grass, which is tall and thick enough to conceal full-grown elephants! As we drove past a particularly thick patch, we noticed some movement and got excited at the prospect of a tiger sighting. However, what we had encountered was a group of wild elephants who decided that we were too close for their comfort and so did an adrenalin rushing charge at us! The rest of the ride was peaceful and colourful owing to the feathered treasures of the park. Then it was back to the retreat.
What I liked best about Jim’s Jungle Retreat is the fact that the property not only resembles a jungle, but a wildlife and nature lover has a lot more to look forward to than just visiting the park for the morning and evening safaris. The property has an apiary wherein two types of bees are bred and visitors are taken through a detailed “tour” of how honey is made. One can also approach the head gardener and gain a lot of knowledge on edible and medicinal plants of the region, which he has proudly and lovingly nurtured. In the evenings, the inhouse naturalist Rehman, shares his safari experiences and decodes the jungle and it’s laws through carefully-put-together and selected slideshows and films which not only showcase the immense work body that Jim Corbett created but also educates people on the importance of supporting conservation projects.
The herd that chased us
Although I visited the place for only a couple of days, the kind of oneness I experienced with Nature and her children was incredible. It is important to maintain the sanctity of the parks and so lessen the man-animal conflicts and have a better policing force to protect our wildlife.
 

NTR grandson dies in road accidentNTR grandson dies in road accident
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec. 6 :  
Nandamuri Janaki Ram, a grandson of late film actor-Chief Minister N T Rama Rao, died in a road accident in Nalgonda district this evening. Janaki Ram, son of former MP Harikrishna, sustained serious injuries after his vehicle collided with a tractor at Akupamula in Nalgonda district. He was on his way to Vijayawada.
Villagers shifted to him to a hospital at Kodada where breathed his last. He produced a few Telugu films.
Chief Ministers of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, Chandrababu Naidu and K Chandrasekhara Rao, condoled the death.
(This article was published on December 6, 2014)
Related

Credit Suisse strategy irks investorsInvestors grow impatient with Credit Suisse’s piecemeal strategy
Daniel Schäfer in London and James Shotter in Zürich
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e38e9002-7487-11e4-8321-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SpiceJet board to meet todaySpiceJet board to meet today
Sharmistha Mukherjee | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Amid growing concerns over the deteriorating financial health of no-frills carrier SpiceJet, the airline's board is set to meet on Monday to discuss measures to recapitalise the airline.
The meeting comes at a time when the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has directed SpiceJet to prepare a payment plan by December 15 to pay about Rs 1,600 crore, according to DGCA sources, which it owes various vendors and suppliers. No timeline has been specified to make the outstanding payments at present.
The company had in a statement said "... our payables to suppliers is significantly less than the Rs 1600 cr number being erroneously quoted".
TURBULENT TIMES
DGCA recently directed SpiceJet to prepare a payment plan by December 15 to pay about Rs 1,600 cr which it owes various vendors and suppliers
No timeline has been specified to make the outstanding payments
SpiceJet owes Rs 700 cr to lessors, Rs 400 cr to other vendors, Rs 100 cr to the income-tax dept, Rs 200 cr to the AAI and Rs 80 cr to other airport operators
According to highly-placed sources in the government, SpiceJet has assured them that promoters will examine ways to infuse capital into the cash-strapped carrier in the meeting on Monday. "They have been talking of bringing on board an investor for some time. The board is scheduled to meet on Monday. The promoters, we have been told, will look at ways to infuse capital into the airline," said a senior government official.
Out of Rs 1,600 crore, SpiceJet owes Rs 700 crore to lessors, Rs 400 crore to other vendors, Rs 100 crore to the income-tax department, Rs 200 crore to the Airports Authority of India (AAI) and Rs 80 crore to other airport operators.
However, in a statement issued on Sunday, SpiceJet sought to play down the crisis, saying: "Our payables to suppliers is significantly less than the Rs 1,600 crore being erroneously quoted. The DGCA has not asked for all payables to be cleared by December 15; it has asked for a payment plan to be shared with them by December 15."
Sanjiv Kapoor, chief operating officer of SpiceJet, confirmed the airline's board would meet on Monday. He, however, declined to share the details of the agenda. "There is a routine meeting with the Board. Agenda is confidential," Kapoor said in response to a query from Business Standard.
Concerned about the deteriorating financial and operational performance of the Kalanithi Maran-promoted airline, the DGCA had on Friday withdrawn 186 flight slots of SpiceJet and directed it not to take bookings for flights beyond a month.
After reviewing the financial and operational parameters of the Budget carrier, Prabhat Kumar, director-general of civil aviation, issued a series of instructions to the airline on Friday. The regulator directed SpiceJet to file a "convincing schedule" by December 15. DGCA also instructed the airline not to accept bookings for cancelled flights and refund all affected passengers within a month.
Responding to the directions issued by DGCA, Kapoor said in a statement, "SpiceJet today informed the DGCA and the public that for the near-medium term, it intends to operate a fleet of 22 Boeing 737s and 15 Q400s, down from the 37 B737s we operated earlier this year. As a consequence of the fleet reduction of 15 Boeings, unused slots are given back to the airports."
On future bookings on cancelled flights, he said: "This has already been stopped as part of standard process." He said no future bookings beyond a month would be "counter-productive", adding, "SpiceJet provides refunds of all bookings for cancelled flights made directly with the airline."
SpiceJet has cut its Boeing 737 fleet to 24 aircraft from 42 at the end of last year. The sharp cut had forced the airline to reduce its daily flights by about a third to 232, sources said. As of now, SpiceJet is operating 232 flights a day, compared with 340 a day in September. The airline has pulled out of cities such as Surat and Lucknow. It maintains it is scaling down its fleet to control costs and consolidate operations.
SpiceJet, however, clarified, "It has been reported is some newspapers that SpiceJet's international flying rights may be in jeopardy as our fleet might fall to below 20 aircraft. This is absolutely incorrect and false information, as our fleet is currently 37 aircraft, well above the limit of 20. These newspapers neglect that fact we also have 15 Bombardier Q400s in our fleet in addition to 22 Boeing 737s."
The DGCA has also directed SpiceJet to provide a report detailing the numbers of passengers affected by flight cancellations, as well as the subsequent refunds, daily. The airline has so far made refunds to 55,000 passengers and is scheduled to provide the first compliance report on Monday.
Earlier this week, media reports had said the AAI had withdrawn credit facilities to the airline and asked it to pay in advance before flying from any of its airports. Kapoor, however, said the AAI had reinstated its credit facility. "Clarifying once more, as news media continue to report wrongly: SpiceJet is categorically NOT on cash and carry with the AAI. @flyspicejet," Kapoor tweeted on Friday.
On salaries to staff, the DGCA official quoted earlier said: "We have asked them to pay salaries for November by December 15. From January, they have been asked to make payments within the seventh of each month." SpiceJet has said it has made payments to 85 per cent of its staff, payments to employees in high-salary brackets would be cleared in the coming week.
The DGCA has also constituted a team to place SpiceJet aircraft under "heightened surveillance" to ensure safety isn't compromised on account of the SpiceJet's financial troubles. The team will inspect aircraft flown by SpiceJet on a daily basis. Of late, 115 commanders and 17 co-pilots have resigned from the airline. "We will keep a strict watch on the airline. We will ensure pilots working with the airline are not made to fly more than the hours specified in the flight-duty limitation norms due to shortage of commanders and co-pilots," said another DGCA official. Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had on Saturday ruled out any bailout for SpiceJet. "We have not supported any airline yet. We cannot support any one airline. Then there will be questions why we are supporting X and not Y. They have been talking of investors for some time. We only hope that they (SpiceJet) continue to fly", said Raju.
For the September quarter, SpiceJet reported a loss of Rs 310 crore, its fifth consecutive quarterly loss. For the year-ago period, it had reported a loss of Rs 559 crore. In a recent report, the airline's auditors had termed the ability of the airline to operate a "going concern".

Sahara to sell Mumbai  Jodhpur land parcels: ReportSahara to sell Mumbai, Jodhpur land parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 08:53 IST
Sahara Group Chief  Subrata Roy
After selling land in Gurgaon for Rs 1,211 crore recently, the Sahara Group is believed to have finalised two more land parcels deals - one in Mumbai and another in Jodhpur - for over Rs 1,250 crore.
Besides, talks are in final stages for sale of another land parcel by Sahara group in Pune, sources said.
Similar to the Gurgaon land deal, which is probably the biggest so far this year in the national capital region, all the three land parcels may be sold to the local real estate developers in the respective cities.
The land sales are part of the group's efforts to raise funds to secure release of its chief Subrata Roy from Tihar Jail, where he is lodged since March 4 in a case related to alleged non-refund of money collected from investors for certain bonds even as the group claims to have repaid over 93 per cent of the outstanding amount directly to investors.
The group has also maintained that the amount already deposited with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) exceeds the pending dues.
In Gurgaon, Sahara has sold 185 acres of land to M3M India Ltd, which plans to use for 'mixed-use development' and would pay the group the entire money in six instalments.
The deal was announced last Thursday within days of the Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for Mr Roy's release.
These four properties include land in Chauma (Gurgaon), Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai (in Mumbai). Sources said that the Vasai land is being sold for Rs 1,111 crore, while that in Jodhpur for another Rs 140 crore.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property for Rs 411.8 crore, which has gone into Sebi account.
Mr Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
The group had earlier deposited Rs 3,117 crore with Sebi, followed by another amount of Rs 411.82 crore raised through sale of an Ahmedabad property.

SBI to launch forward-looking index to track...Care Ratings
(The SBI Composite Index…)
MUMBAI: State Bank of India, the country's biggest lender, will soon launch India's first forward-looking index that will indicate trends in the real sector two months in advance by analysing data in the public domain as well its own loan growth matrix.
The SBI Composite Index will analyse data from both manufacturing and services industries to determine expansion or contraction in the economy.
The index, the first developed by a credible domestic bank, would compete with the two existing India-specific economic indices—HSBC India Markit Services Purchasing Managers' Index and HSBC India Markit Manufacturing PMI, said some market participants.
Economic data points will be taken from industries like cement, auto, steel, coal product, railway freight, power, infrastructure and some services sectors like tourism and hotel, two people familiar with the mater told ET.
The index will be released month-on-month basis as well as yearly. It will generate a number at every release, suggesting the economic atmosphere—expansion or contraction. It is expected to have about 75% validation, which means accuracy in predicting the scene, these people said.
A senior executive at the bank confirmed the move to launch the index but declined to be quoted.
In the quarter to September, SBI's loans expanded more than 9% year-on-year to around Rs 12.43 lakh crore. Deposits grew 14% to Rs 14.74 lakh crore. Net profit at the bank jumped 30.54% to Rs 3,100 crore.
SBI Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya had earlier hinted at the possible merger of a few associate banks, although SBI seems to be in no hurry to carry out the same.
If a merger happens, SBI's loan book size will further increase, offering more credit data that can be used for the proposed index.
"This is a positive move by SBI," said Madan Sabnabis, chief economist at CARE Ratings . "Any interpretation based on existing data is more scientific, but the SBI index would be different than that of HSBC PMI indices."
HSBC India Markit Services PMI and HSBC India Markit Manufacturing PMI are based on surveys conducted by Markit, while HSBC sponsors the same.
The results are produced from answers to questions, showing the percentage of respondents that suggest an improvement or deterioration or no change on the previous month.
For example, the PMI services index, published on December 3, was at 52.6 for November. The PMI manufacturing index was at 53.3 during the same period. A reading of 50 separates growth from contraction.
Index numbers are calculated based on net responses from corporate surveys. Although validation of these two indices are not exactly known, some market participants say it would be in the range of 40-50% denoting the extent of up-to-date data availed from surveys.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BlackBerry  NantHealth launch cancer genome ...BlackBerry, NantHealth launch cancer genome browser
By Reuters | 8 Dec, 2014, 10.34AM IST
The mobile technology company sees healthcare as one of the niche sectors in which it has an advantage, due to the heightened focus on patient privacy and BlackBerry's vast networks that can manage and secure data on mobile devices.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TORONTO: BlackBerry Ltd and NantHealth, a healthcare-focused data provider, launched a secure cancer genome browser on Sunday, giving doctors the ability to access patients' genetic data on the BlackBerry Passport smartphone.
Earlier this year, BlackBerry bought a minority stake in privately held NantHealth. The mobile technology company sees healthcare as one of the niche sectors in which it has an advantage, due to the heightened focus on patient privacy and BlackBerry's vast networks that can manage and secure data on mobile devices .
The company said the cancer genome browser on the BlackBerry Passport enables deep, interactive reporting on genomics data for physicians. It gives oncologists a tool to view individual genetic alternations in a disease and allows them to highlight relevant treatment options.
BlackBerry launched the square-screened Passport device in September, the oddly shaped device was fashioned in a sense to tailor to the needs of the physicians, with a wider screen that allows for better viewing of X-rays, scans and documents.
"Our partnership with BlackBerry has really been able to create a scalable super-computer in the palm of the hands of the doctor," said Patrick Soon-Shiong, chief executive of NantHealth.
BlackBerry Chief Executive John Chen said he expects this roll-out to get healthcare professionals interested in the Passport.
The genome browser is fully encrypted to allow deployment to enable clinicians to securely access patient data as soon as it is available, wherever they are.
The browser will be demonstrated at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas in January and it will be pre-loaded on BlackBerry Passport devices and available to the professional community in early 2015. The browser will also be available on certain other devices running on rival platforms, but secured by BlackBerry's network.
California-based NantHealth, whose cloud-based platform already connects thousands of medical devices in hospitals, was founded by Soon-Shiong, a surgeon and businessman, who made billions of dollars selling his two former companies, American Pharmaceutical Partners and Abraxis BioScience.
Soon-Shiong said the BlackBerry and NantHealth will continue to collaborate on software and hardware, and he said that the two are already working on a new device that will revolutionize the transport of big data sets. Details on this will be outlined early next year.

Small investors makes Rs 1.75 cr from stcks. You can tooYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Here's how you can make big money from small stock investments
Sanjay Kumar Singh, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 04.59PM IST
Tags:
equities
(A small tribe of retail investors…)
Retail investors tend to be very consistent in the way they play the stock market. They usually enter when everybody else is getting ready to leave. Their investment decisions are based on tips from brokers, friends and experts on television shows. They don't research the stocks they buy, nor do they diversify their portfolios. They also tend to sell off their winners early and hold on to losers endlessly. Little wonder that for most retail investors, the stock market is a zero sum game.
However, there are also small investors who have made extraordinary gains from stock investments. No, we don't mean only the lucky ones who invested in the Infosys IPO in 1993. A small but growing tribe of small investors is taking pains to understand the fundamentals of investing before entering the markets. They scour annual reports of companies and go through analysts' reports on stocks. They don't have knee-jerk reactions and buy only when valuations are attractive. They are also patient and hold stocks for longer durations, booking profits when they rebalance their portfolios or when the target price is achieved.
This week's cover story showcases eight such ordinary investors who have made extraordinary gains from stocks. These investors look at the fundamentals before they buy and follow most of the sound practices that ET Wealth advocates. It's not as if these investors have not committed mistakes. However, instead of getting disheartened, they have learnt from the errors to script their success stories.
HIS WINNERS
MRPL, Capital First, Sun Pharma, Page Industries, HDFC Equity and HDFC Prudence.
HIS MISTAKES
He should have been more patient with his investments. In 2003-4, he had bought many stocks via IPOs. Unfortunately, he sold them when their prices went up 3-4 times. Now the prices of those stocks are up 18-20 times.
HIS STRATEGY
He took classes on equity investment. Now, he consults websites, follows blogs and investment newsletters. He looks at the track record of the company promoters and avoids fly-bynight operators. He first makes small investments and slowly scales up his holdings.
 
Meet S.G. Raja Sekharan, 52, who has been dabbling in stocks for nearly 25 years. When he started, he had no knowledge of investing and bought stocks recommended by his broker. He lost money in the crash that followed the Harshad Mehta scam in 1992. For most small investors, the loss would have meant turning away from equity investments for good to avoid losing more money. Raja Sekharan, on the other hand, tore away from the ordinary and built a mini-library of books on value investing. Armed with knowledge, he returned to the stock market in 2001 and his portfolio has consistently beaten the Sensex since then. In the past year, his portfolio has grown 67%, compared to the 34% rise in the Sensex.
HIS WINNERS
HDFC Bank, Gruh Finance, L&T, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Crisil, Havells India, Asian Paints, BHEL, Jubilant Foods, Maruti and Swaraj Engines.
HIS MISTAKES
He first dabbled in stocks in 1991-92, but did not know anything about investing in equities. Lost money in the market crash that followed the Harshad Mehta scam.
HIS STRATEGY
In his second innings, he took the pains to learn about the basics of stock investing. He follows the investment approach outlined in Mary Buffett's book, Buffettology. He invests for the long term. He has short-listed companies which he believes have long-term moats.
HIS WINNERS
Ajanta Pharma, AIA Engineering, Kaveri Seeds, VST Tillers, Mayur Uniquoters, Alembic Pharma, Suven Life Sciences and Atul Auto.
HIS MISTAKES
Initially, he invested only in large-caps in welldiscovered IT stocks, which were picked randomly. His selection procedure was superficial, mostly based on what he had heard on TV.
HIS STRATEGY
He buys stocks with strong growth prospects. However, he picks them only when they are available at attractive valuations. His investment style incorporates the best of growth and value investing approaches. He prefers to hold 10-15 stocks in his portfolio.
 
Symphony, TVS Srichakra, Astral Poly Technik, CanFin Homes, Mayur Uniquoter and Kaveri Seeds.
HIS MISTAKES
A serious investor, he has learnt, should never try to make money by trading in the markets. Instead, one should build a corpus steadily over a period of time both via SIPs and by investing surplus funds as and when they become available. "Keeping an eye on the company's fundamentals is also critical," he says.
HIS STRATEGY
Ramachandran picks value stocks from the mid- and small-cap space and growth stocks from the largecap domain. When the fundamentals of a stock deteriorate, he exits it. He also exits stocks when he is overweight in equities and needs to pare his exposure to his pre-determined level of asset allocation. Among mutual funds, exits are determined by the fund's performance vis-a-vis that of its category.
HIS WINNERS

Sensex in a range; top 10 stocks in focus; Jet Air surges 8%  Opto Circuits gains 6%Sensex trading in a range, Nifty holds 8500; top ten stocks in focus
Dec 8, 2014, 10.23AM IST
Tags:
AstraZeneca Plc
(Sensex was trading in a range…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a range with a negative bias on Monday, led by losses in Infosys, TCS, Sesa Sterlite, HDFC Bank and HUL.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under bit of pressure but was still trading above its crucial psychological support level of 8500, weighed down by losses in IT, realty, banks and consumer durable stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 28434.62, down 23 points or 0.08 per cent. It touched a high of 28494.85 and a low of 28380.93 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8531 down 6.6 points or 0.08 per cent. It touched a high of 8546.35 and a low of 8514.50 in trade today.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Infosys Ltd: Four of the founders of Infosys Ltd are seeking to raise about $1.1 billion by selling stakes in the IT outsourcing company, IFR reported on Monday.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3 per cent lower at Rs 2007.
Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers Ltd: The Kolkata-based Zuari Group on Friday launched yet another bid to take control of Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers, announcing a voluntarily open offer to acquire three crore shares of the UB Group firm at Rs 91.92 each.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent lower at Rs 89.70.
SAIL: Public sector insurance companies led by Life Insurance Corp. (LIC) and lenders including State Bank of India (SBI) lapped up majority of the Rs 1,700-crore issue of Steel Authority of India (SAIL) on Friday as many traditional foreign institutions and domestic mutual funds stayed away from the offer. Retail investors lapped up all the shares set aside for them.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent lower at Rs 82.35.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: Having run into troubles with institutional investors over its Gujarat plant transfer to parent Suzuki, car maker Maruti now wants to seek approval of minority shareholders after a proposed relaxation comes into effect in the Companies Act.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.34 per cent higher at Rs 3417.
SpiceJet: Amid growing concerns over the deteriorating financial health of no-frills carrier SpiceJet, the airline's board is set to meet on Monday to discuss measures to recapitalise the airline.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 5.3 per cent lower at Rs 15.10.
SBI: Country's largest lender SBI has decided to raise $ 300 million by way of issuing bonds and the proceeds would be used for general corporate purposes. At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 317.
Jubilant FoodWorks Ltd: The promoter group entity Weston Investment Ltd has reduced its stake in the company by 2.44 per cent by selling 15.97 lakh shares in the open market.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.08 per cent lower at Rs 1399.40.
M&M Ltd: With not-so-encouraging sale of its electric vehicles on the home turf, leading commercial and passenger automobile company Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) is eyeing the export markets of Western Europe, an official of the company said.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent lower at Rs 1286.
Bajaj Auto Ltd: Bajaj Auto is looking to raise prices of its two models - Platina and Discover - from next month in order to partially offset increase in input costs.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading flat at Rs 2621.
Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd: A Massachusetts jury has found that an agreement between AstraZeneca Plc and Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd to delay the launch of a generic version of AstraZeneca's heartburn drug Nexium was not anticompetitive.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2 per cent higher at Rs 631.40.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi s maiden poll rally turns Srinagar into a fortressComments
Security has been tightened across Srinagar ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's maiden election rally Monday as thousands of security personnel fanned out across the city with all roads leading to the venue sealed off.
Kashmiri voters queue at a polling station in Handwara, about 70 kms north of capital Srinagar. (AFP photo)
The PM is visiting Kashmir days after terrorists struck an Indian Army camp and other targets, including Srinagar, across the state Friday that left at least 21 people dead.
Security forces had killed two Lashker-e-Taiba (LeT) militants when they were trying to infiltrate into Srinagar from the outskirts at Soura.
Modi is scheduled to arrive in Srinagar around 12.30pm and address the rally at Sher-i-Kashmir Cricket stadium amid a three-tier security cordon. He has chosen same spot from which former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee reached out to people of Kashmir in 2003.
The Bharatiya Janata Party, which does not have a strong base in the Valley, is trying to ensure that Modi's rally is a success and has made arrangements to bring in people from different parts of Kashmir.
The BJP held a Shikara rally on the Dal lake on Sunday and made phone calls to individuals to ensure an impressive audience for the PM's rally.
"We have been able to reach out to more than 15 lakh people on the phone, through social networking sites and personal campaigning," said Megha Somaiya, who has been running BJP's Srinagar campaign to invite people for a month now.
PM Modi hopes to boost his party's prospects in the ongoing assembly polls, where the BJP aims to win more than 44 seats.
Modi, sources said, will focus on the Valley youth and stress on the development plank to create a space for the party.
"To describe the PM's visit just as a milestone will be an understatement. It is a turning point for Kashmir," she said.
Hardline Hurriyat Conference chairman Syed Ali Shah Geelani has called for a shutdown to protest the visit of the PM.
Sharpshooters, barricades
Hundreds of security personnel - armed with metal detectors and accompanied by sniffer dogs - are in place in and around the stadium.
Sharpshooters have been posted on rooftops at vantage points like Suliman Tang and Rustam Gali in the Dalgate area to secure the area and neutralise any threat.
Several helicopters have also been pressed into service as part of security drill.
Concertina wires have been laid at several intersections in city's Dalgate, Sonawar, Gupkar Road and TRC Crossing to block the movement of vehicles and people towards the stadium.
A posse of policemen and CRPF personnel have been deployed at each intersection to ensure the security drill is followed in letter and spirit, a senior police officer said.
In other parts of the city, motor vehicle checking points have been established by security forces for checking the vehicles moving around. The intelligence agencies and police have been directed to keep an eye on the suspected persons, the officer said.
"We are taking no chances with security on the prime minister's visit to Srinagar today especially in the wake of last Friday's terror attacks in the Valley," a top official of the state's security grid told IANS.
The officer also confirmed that more than 4,000 security personnel drawn from central and state security forces have been deployed on the security in and around the Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium.
Barricades have also been set up at the entry points to the city to ensure that militants are not able to sneak in to carry out any act of sabotage, he added.
The PM is scheduled to address two election rallies in Srinagar and Anantnag towns of the Valley as part of the election campaign for his party's candidates. Polls in these areas will be held on December 14.
Besides the two rallies, PM Modi will address four more poll gatherings. On December 12 he will address the rallies at Rajouri and Kathua. On December 16, he will also address two more rallies in Jammu and another in between Billawar and Basholi constituencies.
Jammu and Kashmir recorded a voter turnout of 71% in the second of the five-phase assembly elections held on Tuesday.
(With inputs from PTI)

Philippine typhoon weakens to a storm; 3 deadRelief in Philippines as typhoon weakens, 4 dead
Reuters
print
Hundreds of thousands of Filipinos returned on Monday to homes battered by a powerful typhoon, amid relief in a nation where thousands were killed by a super storm last year that a massive evacuation operation appeared to have minimised fatalities.
The death toll from Typhoon Hagupit stood at four on Monday, after more than a million people took shelter in evacuation centres across the central belt of the archipelago over the weekend to escape the fury of the Category 3 storm.
A year ago, Category 5 "super typhoon" Haiyan tore through the central Philippines leaving more than 7,000 dead or missing. This time the authorities took no chances and evacuated whole towns and villages in coastal and landslide prone areas. "We're happy that we've learned our lessons from our past experiences. This is a good sign," said Gwendolyn Pang, secretary general of the Philippine Red Cross.
Hagupit roared in from the Pacific on Saturday night, churning across Samar island and on to the smaller island of Masbate. Its effects were felt across the central Philippines, including Leyte island and the south of the main island Luzon. "We saw that with preparation and being alert we prevented tragedy and harm, we took our countrymen away from harm," interior secretary Manuel Roxas told a televised government disaster meeting in Samar.
"It is sad to hear news of deaths, but this is very low, way below what the potential was." Despite the relief, a major operation remained to clear debris and get supplies to people left homeless or without power after the typhoon flattened houses and tore down power lines.
Delia Monleon, mayor of Jipapad, a town of 7,000 people in Eastern Samar province, said floodwaters were still preventing people from getting to their homes.
"Our problem is power, food is a problem because boats cannot leave," said Monleon. "It was flooded yesterday so we can't leave to look for food," she said.
Crop damage
Proceso Alcala, the farm minister, said initial reports from areas where Hagupit had passed placed crop damage at more than 320 million pesos ($7.17 million), mostly rice. Damage to corn was very minimal.
Mayor Emiliana Villacarillo of Dolores, in Eastern Samar, the area where Hagupit first made landfall, said almost 100 percent of ricelands in the town were submerged by floodwaters.
"Our farmers will have to go back to square one and plant again. We will need new seedlings," she said. Armed forces chief of staff General Gregorio Catapang told a news conference two C-130 planes loaded with supplies, including food and water, flew on Monday to Borongan, Eastern Samar, after soldiers had cleared three airports, including Tacloban City.
More than 48,000 residents of Tacloban had fled to shelters, but damage to the city that was devastated by Haiyan in November last year was relatively minor.
"A lot of them have begun to go home. In Tacloban this morning, the sun is shining, people just started going back," said Orla Fagan, spokeswoman and Asia-Pacific advocacy officer at the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.
In Manila, financial markets, schools and some public officers were closed. People in low-lying areas and near waterways were moved to shelters. Hagupit was downgraded from a typhoon to a tropical storm on Monday, with winds of up to 105 kph (65 miles) and gusts of up to 135 kph.
It hit the small islands of Romblon and Marinduque on Monday morning, and was on track to reach Batangas, on Luzon about 90 km south of Manila, later in the day, the Philippine weather bureau PAGASA said.
 (1 US dollar = 44.6500 Philippine peso)

Societe Generale pulls out of GVK Hancocks long-delayed coalprojectBy: Reuters |
Posted: December 8, 2014 11:12 am
Societe Generale has suspended its involvement in financing a $10 billion coal mine, rail and port project being developed by India’s GVK conglomerate and Australian billionaire Gina Rinehart, citing the project’s years-long delay.
The French bank’s decision is the latest twist for a project originally scheduled to produce coal from 2014, but which has suffered challenges from landowners and green groups, and been complicated by coal prices falling to more than five-year lows.
Developer GVK Hancock said that before seeking financing it is focused on finalising approvals for the project’s Alpha coal mine in the Galilee Basin in Queensland, fighting legal disputes against approvals already won, and securing supply agreements.
“We have been working with Societe Generale on a specific element of the financing arrangements for our projects, but are not currently working on that specific work package and as such do not require their services at this time,” GVK Hancock said in an emailed statement.
The French bank said on Twitter on Friday that, “In the context of the Alpha coal project’s delay, Societe Generale has decided, in agreement with GVK-Hancock, to suspend its mandate. The bank has therefore no involvement with the project.”
The project has been targeted by green groups opposed to coal use and by tourism operators in Queensland, where there are concerns about plans to dredge ahead of expanding a port near the World Heritage-listed Great Barrier Reef.
Green groups, which have been pressing banks to not back coal projects, counted Societe Generale’s withdrawal as another win, following similar moves by Deutsche Bank AG, HSBC Holdings PLC, Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC  and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Greenpeace France on its Facebook page called the withdrawal “good news”.
A spokeswoman at Societe Generale Corporate and Investment Banking in Hong Kong confirmed the bank’s decision. She had no immediate comment on whether the bank would consider lending for the project when GVK Hancock is ready to seek financing.
GVK bought 79 percent stakes in the Alpha and Alpha West coal projects and a 100 percent stake in another project from Rinehart’s Hancock Prospecting for $1.26 billion at the peak of the coal boom in 2011, aiming to start producing in 2014. It still owes $560 million for the purchase.

Telangana to flaunt quick approval for investment proposalsAndhra Pradesh
(The move from the country's…)
HYDERABAD: A week after unveiling its industrial policy incorporating right to clearances within a fortnight, claimed to be the world's first, Telangana is now preparing to showcase its quick-approval mechanism by clearing two large foreign investment proposals.
The world's largest furniture retail chain, IKEA, and beverages giant Coca-Cola are set to get quick approvals for their projects. While IKEA chose Hyderabad for its first India store with a proposed investment of $100 million (about Rs 620 crore), Coca-Cola has evinced interest in setting up a Rs 1,000-crore facility near the state capital.
The move from the country's newest state assumes significance in the backdrop of the proposed Hyderabad visit of IKEA's India chief executive, Juvencio Maeztu, sometime this fortnight.
"The Telangana Rashtra Samithi government, which spent months to incorporate the best elements of available industrial policies the world over, is determined to demonstrate its intent on cutting red tape and luring large-scale industrial investments," industries secretary K Pradeep Chandra told ET.
"Towards this, the entire government machinery related to supporting the industrial investments is now being geared up to keep all the systems in place to accord quick approvals, through a single application by the prospective investors," the industries secretary said.
A number of large prospective investors, both domestic and global, are awaiting clarity on the sector and location-specific incentives that the Centre had promised to provide to Telangana under the Andhra Pradesh State Reorganisation Act, he said
Some of the companies, which already have operations in and around Hyderabad, have announced expansions involving at least Rs 10,000 crore of total investments after the state was born on June 2. These include the Tata group that announced a few aerospace investments, Tata Consultancy Services, Microsoft and Cognizant which are setting up new campuses, ITC and Dura Line. Several pharmaceutical firms have evinced interest in setting up units in the newly-proposed mega pharmaceutical city, coming up over 11,000 acres near Hyderabad where the government is eyeing a potential of Rs 30,000 crore investment over the next few years. "Demonstration of quicker and hassle-free approvals in the shortest span without red tape by the Telangana government should automatically help the investors, both domestic and multinational, volunteering to spread the word and acting as ambassadors," said Pradeep Chandra.
Appreciating the efforts of the government in putting elements in place for fast clearances, Confederation of Indian Industry's state chapter chairperson Vanitha Datla said: "It should really help the government in attracting more investments. Self-certification by prospective investors and minimum inspections by government officials are some of the positive features of the new industrial policy, which should help the industry to stick to project implementation schedules."
 
However, Telangana Industrialists' Forum president K Sudheer Reddy views that there were many aspects that the government should have paid attention to for not just attracting fresh investments but also helping existing industries, some of which are on the verge of turning sick. "Uninterrupted power supply is a major ingredient to attract investments and unfortunately we don't have adequate power supplies for the industry at present. The government should address this at the earliest through effective medium- to long-term plans.
Meanwhile, the industry should be encouraged with tax incentives to go for captive power generation units." While welcoming the incentives and tax reimbursements proposed by the state government, Reddy said: "The government should look into doing away with reimbursement mechanism which makes the industry to invest first and claim reimbursement later, leading to not just blocking the precious working capital during the initial years, but also giving scope to red tape and corrupt practices during the reimbursement process."
According to Reddy, some Rs 700 crore of tax reimbursement arrears are piled up with the government over the last three years and no adequate budgetary allocations have been made to clear them. "Taking into view the many adverse conditions faced by the MSME (micro, small and medium enterprises) sector over the last few years, including severe power crisis that made them operate at less than 50 per cent of capacity, the government should consider extending the period of incentives to them by at least three years to help them come out of sickness," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys founders seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: SourceInfosys founders seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
RCOM plans to reshuffle top deckRCOM plans to reshuffle top deck
RCOM plans to reshuffle top deck
Report stated that three executives will leave the nation's fourth largest telecom carrier.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/rcom-plans-to-reshuffle-top-deck-114120800046_1.html
December 08, 2014 10:26 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 08:12 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Methamphetamine use soars in Iran as lifestyles speed upMethamphetamine use soars in Iran as lifestyles speed up
Reuters
Reuters Crystal Methamphetamine or Crystal Meth
BEIRUT, Dec 8:  
Women in headscarves and men in tatty clothes puff on a glass pipe as smoke swirls around their faces. The pictures published by Iranian media and blogs in recent months are a sign of a new drug epidemic: shishe, or methamphetamine.
Shishe means "glass" in Farsi, a reference to the appearance of the drug in some of its purest forms.
In less than a decade, methamphetamine use has skyrocketed in Iran to the point where now about 345,000 Iranians are considered addicts, according to official statistics.
Seizures of methamphetamine soared 128 per cent between 2008 and 2012, topping all other countries in the region, according to figures compiled by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC). Last year alone, the government of Iran confiscated 3.6 tonnes of shishe.
A top official from the Iran Drug Control Headquarters said last year that shishe could be found in Tehran in "less than five minutes," according to the Iranian Students' News Agency.
Shishe addicts in Iran are mostly urban, middle class and young, experts say. Notably, there are a large number of women who abuse shishe, too.
One of the main reasons why shishe use has spread quickly in Iran is a lack of information about the drug, which has led casual users to believe, erroneously, that it is not addictive, experts say.
Struggling university students have begun abusing it to stay up longer and try to boost their performance in school. Women have been sold the drug in beauty salons with the promise that it will help them lose weight, according to local media reports.
"We really had a hard time convincing people that this is addiction," said Azaraksh Mokri, a psychiatrist who teaches at the Tehran University of Medical Sciences and has dealt extensively with the issue of shishe addiction.
Opium addiction has long been a problem in Iran partly because of a tolerance for its use even in conservative rural areas, and also because of the country's long border with Afghanistan, for decades one of the top opium producers. Opium is still the most abused drug in Iran, according to official statistics.
INROADS
Shishe began to make inroads in the country about a decade ago, luring users who preferred its effects as a stimulant to the more soporific opium, which was seen as a drug of the poor and elderly.
That shift has been characterized as a change between drugs which are known as sonati, or traditional, and those that are sanaati, or manufactured, according to local media.
The use of shishe was partly driven by increased development in the country and more complicated and faster-paced lifestyles, experts say.
Initially, the drug was imported but it later began to be produced locally. UNODC figures show that the domestic use of pseudoephedrine, one of the key ingredients for making shishe, jumped from five tonnes in 2006 to 55 tonnes in 2012.
Drug use and addiction is so prevalent in Iran that it is the second highest cause of death in the country after traffic accidents, a senior official from the Iran Drug Control Headquarters said in early November, according to the Islamic Republic News Agency.
Iran has some of the harshest drug laws in the region, regularly executing smugglers and drug peddlers. At the same time, the country has had a degree of success in the treatment of addiction, experts say.
"Shishe is something that in a short time, in comparison to other things, has very severe effects on behaviour," said Said Kafrashi, an advisory physician and therapist at the Aayandeh addiction rehabilitation clinic in Tehran.
The clinic often tries to bring families of shishe addicts into the rehabilitation process in order to examine all the social factors that may have led to the drug use.
"The family plays a role here," said Kafrashi. "In light of the individual's behaviour, the family needs to change their behaviour too."
Still, despite some success in the treatment of shishe addiction, Iran's battle with the drug is far from over.
"We need to do something so that they don't die, don't kill themselves, don't kill others, and don't get psychosis so they can mature out and get out," said Mokri.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Chinese stocks jump despite import slumpChinese stocks jump despite import slump
Reuters
Tweet
Shanghai, Dec 8:  
Chinese stocks rose on Monday, shrugging off weak trade data and extending a policy-fuelled rally that has repeatedly set records for turnover.
Exports slowed more dramatically than expected in November, a setback that supported arguments that September and October figures had been distorted upwards by speculation, as investors smuggled money onshore through manipulated trade invoices ahead of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect pilot’s launch.
The CSI300 index rose 2.2 per cent, to 3,194.40 points at the end of the morning session, while the Shanghai Composite Index gained 1.4 per cent to 2,979.31 points.
Some analysts anticipate the Shanghai Composite would face strong resistance as it closes in on 3,000 points.
“Some profit-taking pressure will probably surface before the breaching 3,000 points,’’ said Du Changchun, analyst at Northeast Securities in Shanghai.
Still, there’s little caution in the futures market at present, with CSI300 futures now predicting the index will continue to rise to reach 3,273 by June 5. Its current level is 3,194.
Military shares
Military-related shares posted solid gains after mainland media reported that President Xi Jinping urged faster development of advanced new military equipment to help build a strong army.
The brokerage sector remained strong. Hong Yuan Securities Co Ltd, CITIC Securities Co Ltd, Southwest Securities Co Ltd, and Haitong Securities Co Ltd all climbed by the 10 per cent daily limit.
Hong Kong shares
The Hang Seng index added 0.4 per cent, to 24,087.96 points, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index gained 1.8 per cent, to 11,805.13.
Analysts said Hong Kong was heartened by positive employment data in the US, but China shares continued to outperform in light of the onshore rally.
The index measuring price differences between dual-listed companies in Shanghai and Hong Kong stood at 114.97.
A value above 100 indicates Shanghai shares are priced at a premium to those of the same company trading in Hong Kong.
Volume remained extremely high. A total of 32.05 billion A shares were traded in Shanghai, while Shenzhen volume was 14.57 billion shares. On Friday, the exchanges set another record for single-day trading.
Total trading volume of companies included in the HSI index was 1.7 billion shares.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Zee Entertainment rides up nearly 2% on NSEITC spurts over 1% on NSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 8:  
Coal India extended its morning rally to stay ahead of the pack on the NSE in late trading on Monday. At 2.40 pm the share was trading at Rs 365.85. This represented a gain of 2.61 per cent on its previous close at Rs 356.55.
ITC traded up 1.12 per cent at Rs 395.75 as against Rs 391.35 at close on Friday.
Sun Pharma Industries rose 1.03 per cent at Rs 830 as against Rs 821.55 at close in the previous session.
ONGC flared up 0.88 per cent at Rs 368.5 as against Rs 365.30 at close last week.
Asian Paints came off its morning highs to trade at Rs 790.75. This represented a gain of 0.78 per cent on its previous close at Rs 784.65.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Australian shares hit one-week highAustralian shares hit one-week high
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Dec 8:  
Australian shares rose to a one-week closing high on Monday with Qantas, the star performer, after the airline cheered investors with a faster-than-anticipated recovery from last year’s record loss.
The S&P/ASX 200 index climbed 0.7 per cent, or 37.4 points, to 5,372.7, reversing all of Friday’s 0.6 per cent decline.
Qantas shares jumped 13.8 per cent to A$2.39 — its highest close since February 2011.
Also in favour, the big four local banks notched up solid gains. Investors were relieved that a financial system inquiry calling for stronger capitalisation contained no nasty surprises.
New Zealand shares ended a shade firmer, pushing the benchmark NZX 50 index to a fresh record-closing high of 5,529.3.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Coal India shines on BSE  up 2% in morning sessionCoal India holds firm, up 2.6% on BSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 8:  
Coal India held on to its firm undertone in the afternoon session on the BSE on Monday. At 2.30 pm it held gains of 2.57 per cent to trade at Rs 365.60. The stock had closed the previous session at Rs 356.45.
ITC extended its morning gains to Rs 396.95. This represented a 1.41 per cent gain on its Friday close at Rs 391.45.
Sun Pharma Industries edged down a tad to hold gains of 1.25 per cent at Rs 831.55 as against Rs 821.30 at close last week.
ONGC made rapid strides in the afternoon session to hold gains of 1.13 per cent at Rs 370. The stock had closed the previous session at Rs 365.85.
Bharti Airtel came off its morning highs in late trading. It was trading up 0.63 per cent at Rs 370. The stock had ended the previous week at Rs 367.70.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

David Beckhams son Brooklyn Beckham joinsTwitterPosted: December 8, 2014 11:25 am
Brooklyn, the eldest son of David and Victoria Beckham, has opened an account in micro-blogging site Twitter.
The 15-year-old is using the account under the username @brooklyn77B and following nine friends including rumoured girlfriend Chloe Moretz.
His profile picture showed him sporting a baseball cap bearing his name and a black-and-red hockey mask.
His short bio reads, “Football is my life/also follow me on vine,” along with a link to his vine account.
On the same day, Brooklyn also joined Instagram using the same username.
Brooklyn and Moretz sparked dating rumours in summer after being spotted having a skate date and attending Teen Choice Awards together.

Uber shame: Delhi cab driver was in jail earlier on another rape charge  say policeComments
A Delhi court sent on Monday an Uber taxi driver accused of raping a 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days as the state government banned the taxi booking service which came under fire for hiring the driver without background checks.
 
Police said Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32 had earlier spent nearly two years in jail from 2011 over another rape charge before being acquitted last year when the victim allegedly turned hostile and the court found contradictions in her statement.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
On Friday night, Yadav allegedly raped an executive from a Gurgaon-based finance company in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla before dropping her home, sparking outrage in the city weeks before the second anniversary of the fatal gangrape of a 23-year-old medical student in a moving bus.
Although the driver threatened to kill her if she reported the crime to police, the woman took a photo of the car's number plate before alerting the authorities.
 
Police tracked Yadav down and arrested him on Sunday from his home town Mathura,160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi, where he had fled.
'Uber misled passenger with app, flouted rules'
He refused to participate in an identification line-up after police told the court they had not yet recovered the mobile phone he used during the incident.
Meanwhile, Uber faced criticism for hiring the cab driver without the mandatory police verification. It initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com with immediate effect," said a statement by the transport department.
"The transport department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the National Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi in future."
The department also alleged Uber had flouted transport rules and "misled" the passenger with its app.
"M/s Uber also misled the commuter about the nature of the taxi service offered by the "Uber App," it said.
Special commissioner Deepak Mishra said early investigations showed GPS had not been installed in the taxi and police background checks were not conducted on the driver.
 
San Francisco-based Uber had earlier issued a statement saying its thoughts were with the young woman and it was working with the government to address the issue.
 
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States and could spell trouble across the globe for the company.
 
Anger mounted in New Delhi where a crowd of angry protesters rallied outside the home minister's residence, demanding more action by officials to ensure safety for women.
 
"The shocking incident of rape of a young woman in a cab on Friday night exposes the alarming situation about lack of women safety in the national capital," the Aam Aadmi Party said in a statement.
Uber on back foot
Uber tried to shift some of the blame on to the Delhi government for the failure to do background checks on the accused cab driver.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick issued a statement following, terming the incident horrific.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery.
"We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs. We will also partner closely with the groups who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women," the statement said.
A day after police served a notice on the firm, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (North), said, "Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we'll go for legal recourse. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case.
(With inputs from agencies)

Crude oil futures slump to Rs 4 044 per barrelCrude oil futures slump to Rs 4,044 per barrel
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 8:  
Crude oil futures fell 1.84 per cent to Rs 4,044 per barrel today amid a weak trend in Asian market.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery in December fell Rs 76 or 1.84 per cent to Rs 4,044 per barrel in 1,531 lots.
Similarly, the oil for January contract dropped by Rs 74, or 1.78 per cent, to Rs 4,080 per barrel in 158 lots.
Analysts said crude oil hitting five-year lows in Asian trade following China’s weak trade data and strengthening dollar kept futures prices under pressure here.
At global level, the West Texas Intermediate crude for January delivery was down 81 cents at $65.03, while Brent crude for January delivery eased 82 cents to $68.25 per barrel in late-morning trade on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Uber rape case: Cabbie had been jailed earlier for same offenceUber rape case: Cabbie had been jailed earlier for same offence
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 10:50 AM IST
The 32-year-old cabbie, who allegedly raped an executive on Friday night, would not have been behind the wheel of the Uber taxi had the US-based company run a background check and got police verification done as he had earlier been jailed too in a rape case.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, who was arrested yesterday in his home town Mathura, is a repeat offender, it was revealed during his initial interrogation by the police.
He has allegedly told the police that he had spent seven months in jail in a rape case which was filed against him in south Delhi's Mehrauli area in 2011.
"He claims that he was later acquitted in the case. We are verifying these claims," said a police official.
Yadav will be produced before a local court today and his police custody will be sought for further investigation and questioning.
He was brought to Delhi last night after being arrested from Mathura in Uttar Pradesh, about 160 km from the national capital.
Meanwhile, Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) workers and NSUI members staged protests outside the residence of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh over the issue this morning.

Pfizer  Wyeth hit new high ahead of amalgamationPfizer, Wyeth hit new high ahead of amalgamation
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 11:30 AM IST
Shares of drug majors Pfizer and Wyeth have rallied over 6% each at Rs 2,089 and Rs 1,396, respectively on the bourses ahead of amalgamation.
Pfizer hit a high of Rs 2,120 and Wyeth touched Rs 1,410, also their respective all-time high on the National Stock Exchange (NSE).
The board of directors of Pfizer has fixed December 11, 2014 as the "Record Date" to determine the name of equity shareholders of Wyeth who shall be entitled to receive shares of the company pursuant to the amalgamation of Wyeth with the Company. The stock will turn ex-amalgamation on December 10, 2014.
In November 2013, the boards of Pfizer India and Wyeth India approved a swap ratio, which would give Wyeth shareholders seven Pfizer equity shares for every ten held.
 

Sonakshi Sinha doesnt want her southern film career to end with LingaaBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 11:58 am
Actress Sonakshi Sinha, who feels southern movies are “content-rich”, says her forthcoming Tamil cinematic debut “Lingaa” won’t be a one-off film in her career as she’s keen to find more work in the industry.
“I would love to do more projects (down south) provided I get good scripts,” Sonakshi told IANS in an interview.
“The southern film industries are rich in content, which is why so many of their films get remade here (in Bollywood). I definitely don’t want (my southern film career) to end with ‘Lingaa’,” she said.
Sonakshi may be a newcomer to the southern filmdom, but she has already developed a sort of relationship with the industry by starring in five Hindi remakes of south hits – “Dabanng”, “Rowdy Rathore”, “Son of Sardaar”, “Holiday: A Soldier Is Never Off Duty” and upcoming “Tevar”.
Also, four of her films so far have been with southern filmmakers A.R. Murugadoss and Prabhudeva.
Therefore, working in “Lingaa” wasn’t any different for her, except the language.
“After working in so many southern remakes, I think I’ve developed a sense of familiarity with the way things function here. The only new challenge was to speak a language I don’t speak or understand and look convincing doing it,” she added.
“Lingaa”, which releases in cinemas Friday, wasn’t the first Tamil project Sonakshi was offered. In fact, she was offered films in Telugu and Kannada in the past.
“I wasn’t able to take up those offers because of my commitments in Bollywood. Just like how ‘Dabangg’ was an offer I couldn’t refuse, even though I never wanted to be an actress, so was ‘Lingaa’,” she said.
She admits Rajinikanth was a “driving force” in her decision to act in “Lingaa”.
“It was an honour to share screen space with a living legend like him,” she said.
Sonakshi wasn’t floored by the superstar status of 62-year old Rajinikanth.
“I was stunned by his simplicity and humble nature. He is a wonderful human being and truly a rare gem of a person,” she said.
But did it ever concern her that she was paired with a hero who’s in his sixties?
“It did cross my mind, but the role was such that it would not put either of us in an awkward situation,” she said, and added that since Rajinikanth and her father Shatrughan Sinha have been friends for many years, steps were taken to ensure nothing ever made her uncomfortable.
In “Lingaa”, which is directed by K.S. Ravi Kumar, Sonakshi plays a character in the 1940s. She clarifies that the role won’t be similar to the one she essayed in Hindi period romance “Lootera”.
“I played a Bengali in ‘Lootera’, which was an intense love story. In this film, I play a south Indian in a patriotic zone,” she said.
The most fascinating part of her role, Sonakshi continued…

After two flops in 2014  Parineeti Chopra hopes 2015 is betterBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 11:53 am
Of Parineeti Chopra’s three releases this year, two bombed at the box office. However, the actress says ups and downs are part of everyone’s life and she hopes the new year will be better for her.
In all of her three releases this year — “Hasee Toh Phasee”, “Daawat-e-Ishq” and “Kill Dil” — the 26-year-old played different characters.
While “Hasee Toh Phasee” showed her in a quirky character of a mad scientist, in “Daawat-e-Ishq” and “Kill Dil”, she was seen as a con girl and a bar dancer respectively. Out of these, only “Hasee Toh Phasee” had a fair box office performance.
“Year 2014 had many ups and downs for me in everything — be it my personal life or professional, but I think that is what an actor’s life is,” Parineeti said here in an interview.
“You never get a consistent year every time. Sometimes it is good and sometimes it is not, and I think I was somewhere in the middle. But that’s okay,” she added.
Now the actress has pulled up her socks for next year and says “2015 will be better”.
As of now, Parineeti has not taken on any new project and she is busy reading scripts.

Brain scan after mild stroke can predict future risk :StudyBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Toronto |
Posted: December 8, 2014 11:52 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 11:54 am
A brain scan within 24 hours of a mild, non-disabling stroke, can predict when patients will be at the highest risk of another stroke or when symptoms may worsen, says a study.
Like stroke, a transient ischemic attack (TIA) is caused by restricted blood supply to the brain. Symptoms may last only a few minutes.
“All patients should get a CT scan of their brain after a TIA or non-disabling stroke,” said the study’s co-senior author Jeffrey Perry, an associate professor of emergency medicine at the University of Ottawa in Canada.
“Images can help healthcare professionals identify patterns of damage associated with different levels of risk for a subsequent stroke or help predict when symptoms may get worse,” Perry added.
For the study, the researchers tracked more than 2,028 patients who received CT scans within 24 hours of a TIA. The scans revealed that 40 percent of them had brain damage due to impaired circulation (ischemia).
Compared to patients without ischemia, the probability of another stroke occurring within 90 days of the initial episode was 2.6 times greater if the CT image revealed newly damaged tissue due to poor circulation (acute ischemia).
The researchers found that higher the damage to the brain, greater was the risk of another stroke within 90 days, making the scans a useful prediction tool.
The study appeared in the journal Stroke.

Lawyer who represents Mumbai train blasts accused to defend Kalyan youth Areeb incourtWritten by Meghna Yelluru | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 11:51 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 2:05 pm
Lawyer Wahab Khan is representing Kalyan youth Areeb Majeed who returned home after fighting alongside ISIS in Iraq. A special sessions court is scheduled to hear the arguments on Areeb’s remand.
Khan is also representing five of the 13 accused in the serial train blasts in Mumbai on July 11, 2006. The blast had claimed 188 lives and left over 800 injured.
Lawyer Wahab Khan would be filling his Vakalatnama on Monday’s hearing. On November 29, during his first remand, Areeb told the court that he had not found a lawyer yet.
Areeb’s father has been in contact with Khan since the past one week discussing the case details. The parents also approached the NGO Jamiat-e-Ulema-e Hind cell for legal aid.
Areeb was booked and arrested under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) on charges of conspiring to commit a terrorist act and being a member of a banned foreign terror outfit, and under the stringent Section 125 of the IPC for “waging war against the nation”.
The court had remanded Areeb’s NIA custody until Monday. Areeb was arrested by the National Investigating Agency (NIA) after he returned from Turkey. Areeb was one of the four youths from Kalyan who went missing from their homes in May.

18 killed in Nepal busaccidentBy: Press Trust of India | Kathmandu |
Posted: December 8, 2014 11:49 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 11:52 am
At least 18 people were killed and 49 others injured when an overcrowded bus fell off a mountain road and rolled 600 meters down a slope in western Nepal.
The bus veered off the road near Pokharakada village last night. Rescuers pulled out 14 bodies while four more died at a hospital. The bus was heading towards Tikapur village of Kailali district from Kalikot district when it met with the accident.
There were 67 people on the bus, which had 38 seats. The injured passengers have been admitted to nearby hospitals, police said.
The incidents of road mishaps have increased in the recent past across the country which are attributed to poor road conditions, old vehicles and negligence of drivers.

Infosys slips 4%; experts say block deal pressure is a good opportunityYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Block deal pressure good opportunity to buy Infosys
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 05.55PM IST
Tags:
Barclays
(Infosys was witnessing…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys saw intense selling pressure through the day, following a huge block deal on the counter. Four founder members of the company have sold 25 per cent stake of their holding to raise $1.1 billion.
They sold 3.23 crore shares at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 per share in 16 block deals through Deutsche Bank . The block deal was at 4 per cent discount to Friday's closing price.
The stock has been recently down on profit booking as investors booked profits after the stock started trading ex-bonus on the exchanges.
The stock closed the session on Monday at Rs 1,968.60; down 4.88%, at Rs 101.10.
However, the sharp correction in the stock should be utilized by investors to buy the stock. According to dealers, the stock may see an upmove of over Rs 100 in the next 3-4 days.
This means that the stock can return over 5% in 3-4 days, as the experts say, if we calculate from today's intraday low of 1,967.55.
The overhang of the block deal is expected to be short-lived.
"There is still a pent-up demand for this erstwhile bellwether for the IT sector. As we have said earlier, a lot of new long only money that is going to come into India will definitely find way into names like Infosys and SBI," said Vineet Bhatnagar, MD, PhillipCapital to ET Now.
"From that point of view, if you like a three-year view, then you must be looking at Infosys. Sikka seems to be making good amount of news as well as work. So I would imagine that there is interest in the stock with the three-year view," Bhatnagar added.
The company recently held analysts' meet and most analysts remain bullish on the company's growth prospects after Vishal Sikka took over as the CEO and MD. Dr Sikka reiterated that Infosys continues to be on track to return to industry levels of growth by June 2016.
Analysts at Barclays Research are of the view that the management's top down strategy at the meet suggested the revival will be driven by higher revenue productivity led by adoption of AI and automation and investments in sales force leading to better account mining and large deal wins.
"While contribution of new services to the top-line will likely be minimal, pursuing these initiatives has helped the company to establish a strategic dialogue with its clients. We maintain our OW rating and adjust our target price to Rs 2,500, to account for the 1:1 bonus issue," the report added. Analysts are bullish on the company's growth outlook as the management reiterated its focus on renewing the existing business, while focusing on new business simultaneously.
"We expect the company to report an EPS of Rs 107.9 and Rs 123.2 in FY15e and FY16e, respectively. We also introduce our FY17e EPS estimate of INR140.1, implying a three-year EPS CAGR of 14.6%. The stock is currently quoting at FY16e and FY17e PER of 17.1x and 15.0x, respectively. We reiterate Buy rating on the company with a target price of INR 2,382, based on 17x FY17e EPS," said an Antique Stock Broking report. CLSA has a 'Buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2500.
"We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital. Infosys is clearly exploiting its latent strengths in training and talent to catapult it back to industry leadership," said a CLSA report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India to have comprehensive climate legislationUpdated: December 8, 2014 16:09 IST
India to have comprehensive climate legislation
Meena Menon
Union Minister of State for Environment Prakash Javadekar
TOPICS
environmental issues
"The green climate fund must become a reality", says the Environment Minister
Union minister of state for environment Prakash Javadekar on Sunday said that India would have a new comprehensive climate legislation in the next budget session of Parliament.
Speaking at an event organised by The Globe Legislators Organisation (Globe India) , Mr Javadekar said there is the real issue of Climate finance. While the world has realised the dangers of climate change, the main issue is that the Green climate fund must become a reality. From 2012, it was expected to start with $10 billion every year to reach $100 billion by 2020 and then continue with $ 100 billion per year. But today its just $9.7 billion.
He said funds will be a key decision point in Lima and apart from that there is the issue of the Intended Nationally Determined Contributions(INDC)s. Things are very different from Kyoto when the world was divided into the developing countries or the non annexe one and the annexe one countries which was the developed world. Now things had changed, he pointed out and every country has to take action and announce them. He predicted heated debates on Climate Finance, INDCs and other key issues.
He referred to India's targets for solar power and the scaling up of solar energy from 20 gigawatt(GW) to100 GW by 2022 for which an investment of $ 100 billion was made.
Thats a big achievement, he said. So, every country can take steps at Lima, and ultimately reach a conclusion. However, this is just a preparatory event and ultimately what happens next year in Paris is very important, he added.
Mr Javadekar said his association with GLOBE since seven or eight years had helped him a lot in understanding climate change from a different perspective and he was part of every conference since Copenhagen.
He was former president of GLOBE India. In the next two days Mr Javadekar will attend bilateral meetings and also the high level segment which begins on Tuesday

Invest for Long Term in EquityJuzer Gabajiwala
Ventura Securities
One of the most important principles for investing given by famous Warren Buffet is, “Focus on the playfield, Not on the scorecard”. By this he clearly means that games are won by players who focus on the playing field – not by the one whose eyes are glued to the scoreboard.
The key to equity investment is PATIENCE PATIENCE PATIENCE. This most of us, unfortunately, lack.
The problem initiates when….
“I have not got any gains even when equity markets have reached 27k”, “Mutual funds do not make money even after investing for 3 years”, “Who will keep investing for 10 years? It’s a long period…”
we have heard all these statements from many investors.
Majority investors watch the markets go up & down from day to day and count their profits/losses on a daily basis. The investors look only at the short-term performance and if the performance is not good, they get frustrated. Sooner or later it provokes investors to sell their investments and sometimes even worse, to stop their SIPs.
This is what had happened during the post 2008 crisis; many investors gave up and stopped their SIPs. This is the worst choice because the whole point of SIPs is to keep investing, specifically when the markets are down. It is the investments that are made when the markets are low which make the greatest profits but unfortunately this is the time when pessimism & negative news is also at its peak.
How Long is ‘Long Term’?
The answer to why many investors fail is very simple: Not enough Patience to invest for the long term. This answer would probably not surprise you; unfortunately, most investors do not put this trait into practice. This is because they don’t know how long the long term is.
Let us look at an investment started 11 years back on 1st January 2003, and held till 30th August 2014. The psychological behavior of an investor has been plotted on the graph below along with his portfolio valuation at different market levels:
Investment of Rs. 100,000 and different levels of portfolio valuation
The evidence is startling and heavily favours long-term investors. An investor, who stayed invested for 11 years, would have faced uncertainty in returns in between but today would have a substantial corpus if he or she had held on through the entire roller-coaster ride.
An investment of Rs. 1 Lac starting from the bull run period of 2003 till the end of 2007 has fetched approx Rs. 14 Lacs and hence, the investors would have been happy and overjoyed.
Thereafter, the global crisis and a major fall in equity markets from 2008 to mid 2009 made the investment almost lose half of what it had gained, which created panic and fear in the investor’s mind and led many investors to stop their investments or book less profits. People who would had invested at the 2008 lows and stayed invested for 3 years till 2011, would have thought they have made no money at all, because valuations were close to the same level.
Even the period Jan 2008 to Jan 2014 was much muted as investors were making more money in tax-free bonds than in equity and investors were experiencing a sense of frustration as investing for 6 years would have not really have delivered much gain.
Nevertheless, those who were still invested and waited for their investment to grow are reaping the benefits now in August 2014, with their money having almost doubled since 2012 lows, making their portfolio value Rs. 25,27,868!
Conclusion:
Successful long-term investors always ignore the noise in the markets that is not based on deep research but on random analysis. Hence, it is very clear from the above illustration that staying invested for the long-term would yield better returns, provided you have faith in the long-term story called INDIA.

Arvind s court convened meeting on January 07  2015Dec 08, 2014, 11.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Arvind's court convened meeting on January 07, 2015
Arvind Ltd has informed BSE regarding Notice of Court Convened meeting of the equity shareholders of the Company to be held on January 07, 2015.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Arvind's court convened meeting on January 07, 2015
Arvind Ltd has informed BSE regarding Notice of Court Convened meeting of the equity shareholders of the Company to be held on January 07, 2015.
Post your opinion here
 
Arvind Ltd has informed BSE regarding Notice of Court Convened meeting of the equity shareholders of the Company to be held on January 07, 2015.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Over 4 000 Security Personnel Deployed in Srinagar Ahead of Modi s Election RallyOver 4 000 Security Personnel Deployed in Srinagar Ahead of Modi s Election Rally
SpiceJet s poison could be aviation industry s cureSpiceJet s poison could be aviation industry s cure
Expect the unexpected  says India skipper KohliExpect the unexpected  says India skipper Kohli
Delhi cab rape unfortunate  shameful : Rajnath SinghDelhi cab rape unfortunate  shameful : Rajnath Singh
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia stocks dip  sombre data offsets strong US job numbersGLOBAL MARKETS-Asia stocks dip  sombre data offsets strong US job numbers
India hopes for rating upgrade even as Moody s talks restricted to outlookIndia hopes for rating upgrade even as Moody s talks restricted to outlook
Infosys Plunges on Promoters  Share Sale News: Where is a Hundred Billion DollarInfosys Plunges on Promoters  Share Sale News: Where is a Hundred Billion Dollar
Jhunjhunwala sir ji hamare haath mein jhunjhuna thama diya...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Market luring bulls with kandy floss of buying below 8500. a move belo...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yes i am short side and it will goto 36 in this month itselfReplies (1)
Guest
dont go short my friend 46.50,50 and 62.50 are on the way . in one year it may go upto 120-130 range
In reply to : Indigenius message
4.45 PM Dec 8th

Dhp india ltd has informed bse regarding outcome of board meeting held...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Express Adda with Arvind Kejriwal: Part 5Express Adda with Arvind Kejriwal: Part 5
Updated: November 27, 2014 1:53 pm
Related

Morning fire destroys Dilshad Garden church  foulplay allegedMorning fire destroys Dilshad Garden church, foulplay alleged
Updated: December 2, 2014 1:19 pm
Most Popular Videos

Ramzada and Haramzada  rants not new for Sadhvi JyotiAbuse not new for compulsive Sadhvi Jyoti
Mail Today –  Fri 5 Dec, 2014
Print
Lucknow: Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti may have only just hit national headlines with her Ramzada versus Haramzada speech, but she had perfected the art of vitriolic public speaking during the fiery eighties, when the Ram temple issue changed the course of Indian politics.
She, along with Sadhvi Ritambhara and Sadhvi Uma Bharti, were the three female disciples of Swami Parmanand Giri at his Mawai Dham, Fatehpur ashram.
When Parmanand became the vice-president of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) Margdarshak Mandal, he decided to send all three short-tempered and inflammatory orators to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to lead politico-religious lives.
Ritambhara, who had founded Durga Vahini, a wing of the Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS), decided soon after that she was not cut out for politics and returned to religious activities and social work. Bharti stayed on with the BJP and became an MP. Later, she became union minister, and then chief minister of Madhya Pradesh.
Although her career had its fair share of lows, like her fall-out with then home minister L.K. Advani in 2004 when he had praised Mohammad Ali Jinnah, Bharti managed to survive and is currently water resource minister in the Narendra Modi government.
Success, meanwhile, came slow for Niranjan Jyoti (47), who was the youngest of the three storytellers (Katha Vachak) but spewed the most venom in her speeches and was known for polarising the crowd in a jiffy.
She lost two Assembly elections in UP before getting elected from Hamirpur, her home town, in 2012. The BJP saw great potential in her and fielded her in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections from adjoining Fatehpur, which she won comfortably.
“Out of about 60 public meetings that she addressed during her Parliamentary election campaign in Fatehpur, she didn't forget to tell voters to decide whether they needed a government of Ramzadas (sons of Ram) or Haramzadas (an unparliamentary word). She didn't use these words during her 2012 Assembly election campaign, but Jyoti openly declared she didn't need any Muslim votes and would pass abusive comments against those opposed to Ram temple in Ayodhya,” said a close aide of the Sadhvi in Hamirpur.
But she did bring up “Ramzada and Haramzada” in her speech at Ramabai Ambedkar Ground in Lucknow on March 2 this year, a few minutes before Modi came on the dais to address the rally. This has also been pointed out by Bhanu Singh Patel, a suspended Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) leader, in a letter to Modi.
“She doesn't respect anybody. ‘Ramzada and Haramzada’ kind of speeches are her trademark. But she uses Haramzada even for those BJP leaders whom she doesn't like. Modi will soon regret making her minister of state for food processing,” said Patel.
“I have written a letter to Modi to expose her. I have told him how she had asked her official security men to beat me up because I had questioned her foul language. She also registered a case against me and mounted pressure on state leaders to suspend me,” he added.
Born in a Kewat (Mallah) family in Patewara-Ramedi village under Sumerpur in Hamirpur district, she used to go fishing as a child. While still in school, she was noticed by Swami Achyutanand, a local sadhu, when she was reciting Ramayan in a religious congregation. He invited her to take diksha. However, she was unsure about her future plans and sought time. After completing her intermediate, she approached him and became a full-time story teller.
She came to Parmanand’s ashram after Achyutanand’s death. Later, she also got her own ashram constructed in Musa Nagar in rural Kanpur.
Recommend

Viral video 2014: Election photos that made headlinesPics that are going viral during elections 2014
by clipko 0:51 mins
504,200 views
Here are some candid moments from elections 2014 that are being discussed, debated and analyzed on social media.
Link

PM Modi to meet CMs on reshaping Planning CommissionPM Narendra Modi to meet CMs on reshaping Planning Commission
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 18:01 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to meet chief ministers of all states on Sunday to hear their views on the restructuring of the Planning Commission.
"Detailed consultations have been held with experts and economists and within the Planning Commission itself on its restructuring," Modi had said Friday in his first intervention during question hour in the Lok Sabha.
"We are just taking forward this process of giving shape to a new body", he added.
The prime minister made his intervention on a question listed by Vincent H Pala (Congress) and Saugata Roy (Trinamool Congress), both of whom were absent as they had boycotted proceedings over the continuation of Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti in the union council of ministers.
Indeed, it was the first time since his maiden Independence Day address to the nation that Modi has spoken on the need to reshape the Planning Commission.
Planning Minister Rao Inderjit Singh said last week that the commission will continue to perform its mandate till a new organisation replaces it.
Earlier, Modi had said in his Independence Day address that times had changed since the Planning Commission was created and a new institution would be set up "in a short span of time."
The prime minister had also invited ideas from the people on how to replace the 64-year-old institution with a body that can best serve India's governance needs in the 21st century.
Being a former chief minister who had to himself knock on the doors of the commission for money, Modi said the importance of federalism in India was increasing and institutions must address this reality.
The commission was set up to deliver on the Directive Principles of State Policy of the Constitution, which calls for people's welfare by securing and protecting a social order with justice and equity.
Formed by a resolution of the Government of India March 15, 1950, the commission started presenting the Five Year Plans from 1951 - disrupted a few times by the India-Pakistan war.
Currently, the panel is overseeing the 12th such plan, 2012-17.
Meanwhile, several states have complained that the plan panel, which more or less approves their annual plans, misuses its discretionary powers, even taking biased politically motivated decisions.
The panel's redundancy was also the conclusion of the Independent Evaluation Office set up by the commission itself under Ajay Chibber, a Stanford-educated former assistant secretary general of the United Nations.

Microsoft  Weekend ventures conduct hackathon for startup hiringUpdated: December 6, 2014 21:54 IST
Microsoft, Weekend ventures conduct hackathon for startup hiring
Staff Reporter
‘Will help startup companies find right talent without much difficulty’
Microsoft Ventures and Weekend Ventures, in association with Nasscom 10000startups, organised a new form of hackathon here.
The two-day hackathon, called Hack for Hire, will help 18 startups to find right talents including techies, designers and business development executives.
Through the hackathon, the startups will recruit for over 40 positions, including developers, marketers, designers and other essential talent for their businesses. On the first day, around 60 teams are battling for the positions, including developer, while the second day will see around 150 people contesting for positions, including marketers and business development.
“It is difficult for startups to find talent especially for the business development activities, including finding right sales people. Through this, we want to provide senior people a startup kind of environment wherein they can come and understand startup,” said Ravi Narayan, Director, Microsoft Ventures.
According to the organizers, 400 applications were received, out of which 200 people were short-listed for the final round. The participants selected after the final round would be interviewed by the companies and provide them job offers. Micrososft Ventures is planning to organise a similar kind of hackathons every six months, helping startup companies to find right talent without much difficulty, he said.

Former MP Nandamuri Harikrishnas son dies in accident in Nalgonda districtUpdated: December 7, 2014 10:26 IST
Former MP Nandamuri Harikrishna’s son dies in accident in Nalgonda district
T. Karnakar Reddy
The mangled remains of the car in which Janakiram was travelling.
TOPICS
Former MP and actor Nandamuri Harikrishna’s son Janakiram was killed in a ghastly road accident near Akupamula crossroads on the Hyderabad-Vijayawda highway on Saturday evening.
He is survived by wife and a son.
Mr. Janakiram, who was into film production, was on his way to Vijayawada in his Tata Safari vehicle, which rammed an oncoming tractor around 6.45 p.m., police said. The tractor was coming in the wrong direction.
A profusely bleeding Janakiram was rushed in a ‘108’ vehicle to a nearby hospital, where he breathed his last.
The accident was apparently because of the negligence of the tractor driver, who drove the vehicle against the stream of oncoming vehicles.
Police and eyewitnesses said minutes before he breathed his last, Mr. Janakiram gave the contact number of his brother Kalyanram to the ambulance staff and urged them to pass on the information about him.
According to Suryapet DSP Abdul Rasheed, Mr. Janakiram was driving the vehicle and was wedged between the steering and the driver’s seat. Police said he was alone in the vehicle.
KCR expresses shock
Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao and Minister G. Jagadishwar Reddy expressed shock over the death and offered their heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family members.
The death sent shockwaves in political circles and a pall of gloom descended on the house of Mr. Harikrishna at Masab Tank in Hyderabad.
Naidu cancels official meetings
Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu cancelled his official meetings and along with his wife Bhuvaneswari rushed to Mr. Harikrishna’s residence to console the family members. A little later, Mr. Harikrishna’s younger son, NTR Jr joined them.
Janakiram had produced a couple of films under NTR Arts banner including Athanokkadu in which his brother Kalyanram made his debut as a hero.
Janakiram always preferred to be in the background and stood like a rock behind Kalyanram.
With acting running in the family, Janakiram also inspired his son Taraka Ram to act in the children’s film Dana Veera Shura Karna.

India s GSAT-16 launchedTweet
ISRO
Ariane 5 VA221 vehicle with GSAT-16 rolls out to the launch pad at Kourou space port in French Guiana on Sunday.
TOPICS
space programme
India’s communications satellite GSAT-16 was on Sunday, put on a Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO) by the European launcher Ariane 5 VA221, from the Kourou space port in French Guiana. Bad weather had delayed the flight by two days.
GSAT-16's 48 transponders - 12 in the C band, 12 in the extended C and 24 in the Ku band - cover the entire country and the Andaman & Nicobar islands.
The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) briefly said the 3,181 kg GSAT-16 was put in orbit.
It was delivered on an Ariane 5 rocket along with US broadcast satellite DIRECTV-14, launch company Arianespace said.
GSAT-16 will be used by television, telephone, Internet, public and private operators. It replaces the INSAT-3E — which expired in April this year — at 55 degrees East longitude.
The cost of the satellite, built by ISRO in Bengaluru, and Arianespace's launch fee are put at around Rs. 880 crore.
ISRO last launched a communication satellite in January this year.
The satellite now goes around Earth in a temporary elliptical one about 36,000 km at one end and it must be adjusted gradually into a circular one.
The first post-launch exercise to increase the satellite's orbit will be taken up a day later at around 4 a.m. at the Master Control Facility, Hassan, ISRO chief Radhakrishnan had told The Hindu before the launch.
The MCF monitors and handles all national communication satellites throughout their life and is about 200 km from Bengaluru.
Lasting 103 minutes, this will be one of the longest orbit adjustments that ISRO engineers have performed.
"Almost 66 per cent of orbit-raising will be covered in the first manoeuvre," Dr. Radhakrishnan had said.
Two more such orbit adjustments are planned for December 9 and 10.
"By noon [on December 10,] the third orbit-raising will be over and we have to deploy the solar panel and antenna. That is a crucial day," Dr. Radhakrishnan said.

PF Body to Float Tender for Engaging New Fund Managers: ReportSalaries in India Likely to Rise by 10.5% in 2015: Report
New Delhi: The Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) will float a tender on December 9 for appointment of new fund managers for a term of three years beginning April 1, 2015.
"The process is initiated to publish the tender for appointment of fund managers in leading national dailies on December 9. The bidders can submit bids within 30 days from publishing advertisement in newspaper," a senior official said.
Retirement fund body EPFO manages a huge corpus of over Rs 6 lakh crore. The official said that a pre-bid conference will be held on December 29 at EPFO headquarters here and interested parties can send their consent for the purpose by December 27.
Bidders or interested parties can seek clarification and enquire about terms and conditions of the tender in the conference, the official said.
EPFO has a subscriber base of over five crore. Its annual incremental deposits are expected to touch the Rs 1 lakh crore in 2014-15. It was over Rs 70,000 crore in the previous fiscal year.
At present, EPFO's funds are being managed by asset management firms State Bank of India (SBI), HSBC AMC, Reliance Capital and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership. The term of these fund managers would end on March 31, 2015.
EPFO's consultant CRISIL would have to complete the process for appointment of new asset managers before March 31 as the term of existing fund managers would end on that day.
Besides, in its trustees meet scheduled on December 19, the retirement fund body will take up some important issues which include increasing the limit of investment in private sector (instruments) from 10 per cent to 15 per cent.
The trustees will also discuss reducing maximum time for settlement of various claims and payment to beneficiaries under EPF, Pension and Employees' Deposit Linked Insurance scheme to 20 day from existing 30 days.
The meeting would also deliberate on the proposal of deployment of its funds for low cost housing.
A proposal for implementation of minimum monthly pension of Rs 1,000 in perpetuity would also be discussed in the meeting. According to the notification in this regards issued on September 1, the entitlement is available till March 31.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 13:38 (IST)

Planning Commission: Returning to an original foundationIndia remains a laggard in innovation, China overtakes US
Illustration: Jayachandran/Mint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi proposed to replace the Planning Commission in his first Independence Day address from Red Fort, more than two decades after the end of the license-permit raj that it presided over and three decades after the end of the Hindu rate of growth that has come to epitomize the failure of that form of planning. In the same speech, he proposed a “new institution having a new design and structure, a new body, a new soul, a new thinking, a new direction, a new faith towards forging a new direction to lead the country based on creative thinking, public-private partnership, optimum utilization of resources, utilization of youth power of the nation, to promote the aspirations of state governments seeking development, to empower the state governments and to empower the federal structure”.
What now?
There have been many proposals, but no formal announcements about what the successor will look like. There is an apparent consensus (at least among commentators) that the successor should focus on formulating a strategic vision, including ways to navigate anticipated technological, economic, and social change. There is near-unanimity that while the successor body might consider and comment on private as well as public sector roles in the vision and strategy, it should limit its direct orders to public sector action and investment. There are various proposals for institutional design, but the most common seems to be some kind of think tank of the nation for generating the vision and reliance on existing first among equals entities such as cabinet committees or the finance ministry to monitor the progress.
We agree with the general consensus on the successor’s role but we argue for a different institutional design that acknowledges the political as well as technical aspects of forward looking policymaking. Any body that articulates, monitors, and updates a particular vision for the nation, choosing among possible alternatives, is necessarily making a political decision. There is no one right vision and the strategy chosen will involve trade-offs between competing goals across alternatives that have distributional implications over time and across regions. The Planning Commission has played a political role in the past—witness the annual Delhi Durbars of the deputy chairman at which chief ministers petition him for adjustments in their five-year and annual plans, the de facto shaping of states priorities via the centrally sponsored schemes, and in being the arbiter of parameters of the government’s early choice of discretionary licences and permits as policy instruments. (The 1950 resolution establishing the Planning Commission ordered it to contribute to the nation’s welfare and social and economic justice, but did not say how this was to be accomplished. The licence-permit raj was chosen from among a variety of possible approaches.) The successor’s proposed activity—choosing a vision that defines the contours of public policy—should be a political decision involving, among other things, aggregation of households’, states’ and regions’ preferences.
It should also be a federal decision for the Indian Union. We argue that a strengthened version of the Interstate Council (ISC) enabled under Article 263 of the Constitution should undertake the political function of selecting a vision for the nation. ISC was in fact meant to address these kinds of collective deliberations about matters affecting the centre and states. Article 263 lists its potential role as “…(b) investigating and discussing subjects in which some or all of the States, or the Union and one or more of the States, have a common interest; or (c) making recommendations upon any such subject and in particular, recommendations for the better coordination of policy and action with respect to that subject”, and gives the President the right to establish a Council as needed. The standing ISC that we see today was established by Presidential Order in May 1990 (on the basis of the Administrative Reforms Committee of 1969’s recommendations) with duties including “investigating and discussing such subjects, in which some or all of the States or the Union and one or more of the States have a common interest, as may be brought up before it”, and “making recommendations upon any such subject and in particular recommendations for the better coordination of policy and action with respect to that subject”.
Strengthening would have to include building a technically skilled secretariat (more on its role below), as well as revisiting ISC’s composition and rules of business. As per the Interstate Council Order of 1990 and the ISC Amendment Order of 1996, it is chaired by the prime minister and includes chief ministers of all states and Union territories (UTs) with legislative assemblies, administrators of other UTs, 6 Union ministers of cabinet rank nominated by the prime minister, and permanent invitees from other ministries as nominated by the prime minister. It meets at least three times of year with a quorum of 10 members and has the right to determine its own guidelines to select the issues for discussion. Decisions are taken by consensus and are recommendatory. The council has the ability to set up a secretariat as the chairman sees fit. It is beyond the scope of this column to evaluate alternative approaches, but we are writing a longer paper on various alternatives. The main point here is that there is no legal or constitutional reason that ISC could not be far more relevant for federal dialogue than it is today. Each of these features can be changed by presidential order.
Empowering ISC would represent an important step toward realizing the constitutional intent that India be a Union of states. As Modi noted in the Independence Day address, “state governments have been at the centre of development and I consider this a good indication. If we have to take India forward, it can happen only by taking the states forward. India’s federal structure is more important today than in the last 60 years. To strengthen our federal structure, to make our federal structure vibrant, to take our federal structure as a heritage of development, a team of chief ministers and prime minister should be there, a joint team of the centre and the states should move forward, then to do this job”.
The technical function of generating options for the strategic vision should be open to the broader, even global community of experts. We need a competitive environment for generating innovative ideas as to how to serve technical functions better and not necessarily a single institution for that purpose. Designation of the successor as the official think tank of the nation does not automatically confer credibility or remove conflicts of interest. It merely circumscribes the ideas and intellectual inputs that become part of the plan. Moreover, its researchers would be—or should be part—of larger professional communities that compete with any narrow incentives that could be created within the organization. And if we are going to acknowledge that point, then why not open the challenge of creating India’s vision to the broader, even global, community of relevant experts? Operational ministries of the centre, states and Union territories, and groups of ministries could also be included, particularly for visions for interrelated sectors (for example, energy and water or energy and transport).
The finance ministry or the Reserve Bank of India, both of which have extensive research departments and policy interests in knowing what lies ahead, could formulate alternative short-term macro scenarios for the economy to set boundaries for the vision options. The alternative pathways for India’s economy, however, including rolling scenarios for development within this macro envelope in the short (the coming fiscal year and the next), the medium (the next five fiscal years) and the long term (the next 20 years) and their evaluation from a social cost-benefit perspective should be open to the broader research community. These are important documents with significant implications for other federal processes—the medium and long term scenarios chosen by ISC would provide the background for the Finance Commission’s deliberations and decisions, for example.
The secretariat to ISC should manage the solicitation, selection, and initial screening of the proposals as well as monitoring the implementation of the selected strategic vision and suggesting responses to significant deviations from the anticipated circumstances. One part of the secretariat would thus function as a Public Investment Board charged with design, monitoring, and coordination between various agencies and levels of government. As part of the Secretariat to ISC, its actions would be based on clearly federal decisions, with the participation and commitment of the Union and states and for which both Union and states can be held accountable.
Needless to say that implementation of chosen scenarios will not only involve actions by private and public sectors including households and non-governmental organizations but also monitoring and coordination of their actions. These are complex tasks and the performance of the economy would depend crucially on their successful execution. Careful thought, taking advantage of evolving information and communication technologies, is needed in setting up mechanisms of monitoring including those for gathering needed information, regulatory regimes including a system of contingent corrective actions as needed. The secretariat of ISC would be responsible for designing and installing the system for coordination of actions of active entities, monitoring and taking corrective actions as needed.
We believe that our proposal incorporates the needed political ownership and accountability in our federal system, while leaving room for a more open process to generate innovative ideas for India.
The main point is that we rely on ISC deliberation and choice, rather than a designation as the official think tank of India to confer legitimacy on the strategic vision. The ISC secretariat must have the technical competence to formulate terms of reference for research groups to propose scenarios and to evaluate (from a social cost-benefit perspective) the responses received, but we would rely on the global community of experts to generate a range of options. Most importantly, the reliance on ISC also recognizes the constitutional foundation for India as a Union of states.
Jessica Seddon and T.N. Srinivasan are, respectively, senior fellow at the Centre for Technology and Policy at IIT Madras, and Samuel C. Park Jr. professor of economics emeritus at Yale University.
Published with permission from Ideas for India , an economics and policy portal.

Planning Commissions replacement must lay out vision with strategyHome »   Opinion
Planning Commission’s replacement must lay out vision with strategy
Pronab Sen, former principal adviser at Planning Commission, shares his perspective on the issues involved in replacing the panel
India remains a laggard in innovation, China overtakes US
Pronab Sen says the new institution should comprise a core cadre of economists and public policy specialists who can provide the continuity and the institutional memory. Photo: Mint
This is the fourth part of the series “In lieu of the Planning Commission”, as part of which we are presenting views of experts from various stakeholder groups—academia, private sector, media, government and civil society—on some of the issues involved in replacing the Planning Commission of India.
Pronab Sen, former principal adviser at Planning Commission, shares his perspective on the issues involved in replacing the plan panel.
In his address to the nation, from the ramparts of the Red Fort on India’s 67th Independence Day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced his government’s decision to abolish the Planning Commission:
“I believe that when Planning Commission was constituted, it was done on the basis of the circumstances and the needs of those times…but the prevalent situation in the country is different, global scenario has also changed, governments are no longer the centre of economic activities, the scope of such activities has broadened... therefore within a short period, we will replace the Planning Commission with a new institution having a new design and structure, a new body, a new soul, a new thinking, a new direction, a new faith towards forging a new direction to lead the country based on creative thinking, public-private partnership, optimum utilization of resources, utilization of youth power of the nation, to promote the aspirations of state governments seeking development, to empower the state governments and to empower the federal structure.”
The Planning Commission performed the following functions:
a. Preparation of the plan document
b. Allocation of funds between: (a) states and Centre; and (b) central ministries
c. Appraisal of all expenditures of the central ministries
d. Mediating between states and central government
e. Providing independent opinion on all project/programme proposals of central ministries
f. Monitoring progress of central government schemes
g. Mediating between central ministries on issues of a cross-cutting nature
In view of the above,
Which of these functions are obsolete and could be dispensed with, and why?
None of the functions listed are entirely dispensable for any central government in a federal democratic system. The issue is the manner in which they are performed and who performs them. Consider, for example, the preparation of the plan. It does not matter whether it is called a plan or a poverty reduction strategy paper (PRSP) or a reform agenda or anything else for that matter. Every country, especially developing countries, needs a medium- to long-term vision document which outlines the measures necessary to attain the vision, and the roles expected to be played by the various agents in and outside the country.
It does, however, matter a great deal who prepares this document. For such a document to be effective, it not only has to have ownership at the highest political level, it must be seen to consider and reflect the diversity of interests that exist within any democratic polity. At a technical level, the function can indeed be performed by a non-governmental entity such as the World Bank (which does PRSPs for a number of countries) or high quality think-tanks. But in neither case will the document possess the same cachet as one produced within the government with direct and visible involvement of the political leadership.
Insofar as the other functions are concerned, a prime consideration governing who carries them out needs to be objectivity and avoidance of conflict of interest. Most democratic governments also work on the basis of a healthy system of checks and balances which prevents excessive concentration of authority. This problem is particularly acute in the case of the allocation and mediation functions.
Of the functions which need to continue to be performed, which should be retained in the new institution and which can be located in other existing bodies? Reasons may please be provided.
Clearly, the core function of the new institution must be the vision-cum-strategy role. In order to perform this function, it must have three attributes: (a) high level of intellectual and technical expertise; (b) no administrative or delivery responsibility whatsoever in order to avoid any conflict of interest; and (c) an economy-wide mandate. Given these attributes, and the fact that the skill sets necessary to carry out this function are not very easily available, it appears natural that the mediation functions, whether between the Centre and the states, or between central ministries, should also be located in this institution. The reason is that these functions require an economy-wide perspective that is usually not available in any other body.
The appraisal and monitoring functions can easily be located elsewhere, assuming of course that the outputs arising from these activities are readily available to the new institution for its strategizing purposes. For instance, the main customer of the appraisal function is the department of expenditure in the ministry of finance, which is responsible for according financial approval to all proposed government expenditures. A unit can easily be created within the department itself for this purpose.
The monitoring function is a little trickier since the principal responsibility for monitoring vests in the concerned line ministry itself, and the arm’s length monitoring is carried out primarily because there is a potential conflict of interest in having the same body doing both implementation and monitoring where public funds are involved. Such oversight is therefore hugely resented by the line ministries.
The entity carrying out this function will thus have to be one which either has a status that overrides individual ministries or has a direct locus standi in the effective implementation of all government schemes. The only two entities which meet either one or the other of these characteristics are the Cabinet Secretariat and the Department of Expenditure, respectively.
The really problematic function is allocations. There is a view that this function can easily be carried out by the finance ministry, which is after all the custodian of the budget. A little thought should convince one, however, that there are problems of both conflict of interest and absence of checks and balances in this view. The primary responsibilities of any finance ministry are: (a) fiscal rectitude; and (b) short-run macroeconomic stabilization. Both these responsibilities can potentially be in conflict with the needs of growth and development, and there is thus a need for an institutional mechanism through which a balance is maintained. Moreover, since the finance ministry is the final authority on the contents of the budget, it is probably preferable for it to be an appellate body for allocations rather than the principal allocator. This does not, of course, mean that the allocation function should then naturally devolve on the new institution, but it is hard to see which other body can take up the role.
Are there other (new) functions that should be performed by the new institution? Please specify with reasons.
One of the biggest problem areas in government is that every line ministry tends to have tunnel vision, and is incapable of realistically assessing the economy-wide ramifications of its policies and programmes. This is entirely apart from issues of inter-ministerial dispute, which is covered in the mediation function. The new institution should therefore be empowered to assess all policy proposals of government in terms of their broader implications and to suggest alterations and/or complementary measures for consideration of the final decision-making authority—the cabinet.
Another new function, in some sense related to the first, would be for the new institution to be charged with assessing the impact of any government decision on the state of competition in the economy. India is already in the process of formulating a competition policy, but a major stumbling block has been to identify the right institution for implementing the policy. The new institution is a natural choice.
Similarly, there is no agency today which is charged with assessing the impact of international developments on the country. This includes not only external developments, but also of international treaties and agreements that India is considering. At present these functions are carried out by ‘nodal’ line ministries, which rarely have the economy-wide vision to do justice to these issues. The new institution could weigh in on these.
In order to perform the functions envisaged for the new institution, what should be its legal position, character and structure?
There is a strong view that the new institution should be a statutory body, if not a constitutional one. This is, however, problematic. Consideration of the functions that are being proposed for the new institution suggests that this body’s principal role is to assist the cabinet in taking reasoned decisions and to exercise some limited delegation of the cabinet’s powers. A statutory character would run contrary to this intent, and would introduce a rigidity that would not be desirable in a democratic system. The mode of creation of the Planning Commission through a government resolution has much to commend itself in this context. This method creates a direct link between the cabinet and the new institution, which can help the system evolve through changes in government. Whether it should be headed by the prime minister or by any other cabinet minister is open to question, and may be left to the best judgement of the government of the day.
What should be the composition and staffing of the new institution?
Given the functions being proposed, the new institution will have to be a highly professional and independent body. It should also have a judicious mix of continuity and change. Keeping this in mind, it is clear that it should not be manned at all by career government servants who carry with them the baggage and loyalties of their previous postings within the larger government. There should be a core cadre of economists and public policy specialists who can provide the continuity and the institutional memory. This would be overlaid with high calibre subject area specialists who would be recruited for fixed-term appointments for addressing specific areas of concern. At the very top, there would be a small group of experts who would be in tune with the political leadership of the day, and whose term could be co-terminous with the government.
Published with permission from Ideas for India ( http://www.ideasforindia.in/ ), an economics and policy portal.

Investors set sights on Indonesian techInvestors set their sights on Indonesia’s tech sector
Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4fd5286e-7c32-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gujarat: Vishwa Hindu Parishad workers detained by police for burning effigy of Hafiz SaeedBy: Press Trust of India | Vadodara |
Posted: December 7, 2014 9:48 pm
Police on Sunday detained four Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) workers for burning an effigy of Pakistan-based terror outfit Jamat-Ud-Dawa (JuD) chief Hafiz Saeed in Nizampura area of the city.
“Four Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) workers were detained on Sunday for burning the effigy of Hafiz Saeed in Nizampura area of the city,” a police station officer (PSO) in Fatehgunj area, Akshay Kumar Govind said.
The VHP workers were detained for burning the effigy in public without taking any prior permission from the city police as well as disrupting law and order situation here, Govind said.
The saffron outfit’s workers protested against Saeed for allegedly saying that Pakistanis and Kashmiris are “blood brothers” who cannot be separated.
Bhagwan Bharwad, who led the protest against Saeed, said, “We want war with Pakistan. India should not hold any dialogue with Pakistan. Hafiz Saeed is the mastermind of the 26/11 attack and so he must be punished.”
Bharwad also criticised the city police for detaining “patriots” like him and his co-protestors. “We are true ‘desh-bhakts’ (patriots). It is not fair to detain patriots. The police detained us for protesting against a terrorist,” Bharwad told reporters in Vadodara.
Saeed, who is also the founder of the banned terror outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), had said, at a public rally in Pakistan on December 4, that elections in Kashmir cannot be a substitute for plebiscite.

J&K terrorist attackterror-attack-Slain...    Cached
READ ALSO: Desperate attack on democracy — Lashkar trying to revive militancy in valley Militants want to instill fear among J&K voters, more attacks ...
Jessie J + #SingJazz 2015 = Jazzy J?
Popspoken via Yahoo! Singapore News18 hours ago
British soul and pop singer Jessie J is set to get Singapore “burnin’ up” again! The 26-year-old will headline the Singapore International Jazz Festival 2015, happening at the Marina Bay Sands from 5 – 8 March! Also headlining the #SingJazz festival are the New York-based instrumental band Snarky Puppy and the legendary Bobby McFerrin. While the International Singapore Jazz Festival may tout ...

Dilip Kumar recoveringdilip-kumar...    Cached
Veteran actor Dilip Kumar, who was admitted to a hospital two days ago for chest infection, is recuperating and will be discharged in next 3-4 days, said the doctors ...

Jagathy Sreekumar compensationnational/tp-andhra...    Cached
Actor Jagathy Sreekumar will be paid an accident compensation of Rs.5.9 crore, as per a settlement reached with a private insurance company at a pre-adalat held ahead ...

Want a plumber Soon you can try AmazonWant a plumber? Soon you can try Amazon
Priyanka Pani
E-commerce portal to bring to India the service launched in US earlier this year
Mumbai, December 7:  
Soon plumbers, carpenters and doctors in India will be able to sell their services on e-commerce portal Amazon. The global e-commerce giant has already launched its services marketplace in select cities in the US and is expected to launch it in the Indian market in the next six months.
Amazon.com had launched the feature earlier this year in New York, Los Angeles and Seattle in a beta phase (limited release) and has extended it to nine other states there.
Asked about the India launch, a spokesperson for Amazon.in said the company did not comment on what it may or may not do in future.
Good demand
But there is clearly a demand for such services in a market where hiring professionally trained handymen for small home-repair and maintenance jobs is a Herculean task.
At present, such services are available on an “on call” basis with firms such as JustDial and AskLaila providing customers with numbers of local service providers, whether it is for a handyman, painter, plumber, electrician, driver, babysitter or tutor.
However, as the demand for such services is growing in larger cities due to the time constraints faced by nuclear families and working couples, several start-ups are looking at this segment as a huge opportunity.
A few, including easyfix.com, theekkardo.com, myhomemaker.com, homeadvisor.com and indiamart.com, currently provide such services online on a smaller scale.
However, the channel is yet to grow as people still rely on local classified ads, friends and neighbours when they need a reliable person for such blue-collar services, which are unorganised.
According to experts, Amazon will help make such services more credible, reliable and organised.
Those selling such services online will be required to provide proper training, license and identity papers to the handymen. However, this may initially prove a challenge in a vast country like India, as such offerings have to be tailored to each city or region.
Rivals may follow suit
Amazon’s entry into the services space in India could also lead to desi e-commerce players such as Flipkart and Snapdeal offering these services.
Kunal Bahl, founder of Snapdeal, in an earlier interview with BusinessLine, had expressed his interest in selling services online. At present, the portal sells a few services such as e-learning and hobby-related services.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Kennedy Center Honors kicks off with a star-studded red carpetBy Helena Andrews and Emily Heil December 7 Follow @helena_andrews Follow @emilyaheil
Tom Hanks, Sting, Al Green, Lily Tomlin and Patricia McBride were given the Kennedy Center Honors medal this weekend. They wore the rainbow-ribboned medallions as they walked the red carpet and dished to The Reliable Source about where they will put them. (JulieAnn McKellogg/The Washington Post)
If there’s an unofficial starting bell for each year’s Kennedy Center Honors, the actress Lynda Carter can’t hear it. Probably because she’s it.
Ladies and gentlemen, Wonder Woman has arrived! First as always.
“And that officially begins the 2015 Kennedy Center Honors,” one handler whispered. “Not that I called it or anything.”
“Why am I always early? Because I’m a punctual person,” laughed Carter, who couldn’t remember exactly how many times (15, maybe?) she has attended the annual tribute to the finest in American performing arts. The Potomac resident told us that the real reason she gets to the gala on time is for the CBS pre-reception upstairs.
Before heading up, Carter, stunning in a diaphanous belted black gown, bumped into CBS “This Morning” host Norah O’Donnell, and the power duo hugged like old friends. O’Donnell, with perfectly flipped hair, called the Honors “bigger than the Oscars.” (CBS airs the Kennedy Center event, so we presume that’s the company line).
And was that blur of blue Nancy Pelosi? The House Democratic leader rushed past reporters in a taffeta (by the sound of it) gown. Then the growing crowd of regular folks hoping to capture an A-lister for those Instagram accounts began to applaud. It was Meryl Streep! The actress showed off her own Honors medal as she glided up a red carpet (but not the red carpet; the Kennedy Center is covered in ’em).
Soon, the parade of celebs was in full swing.
As we worked the velvet ropes, we knew this year’s honorees — funnywoman Lily Tomlin, actor Tom Hanks, singer Sting, soul man Al Green and ballerina Patricia McBride — would eventually show. But the list of big-name presenters and performers is always kept super hush-hush (it’s supposed to be an OMG moment).
That is, of course, unless you’re Sting.
“I actually know. I’m not supposed to know, but I found out. And it’s a stellar group,” said Sting, when we asked about the surprise. How’d he find out? “I know everything.”
Would it be “Gaga, Ms. Lady,” “Franklin, Aretha” or “Mars, Bruno”? (All of whom were expected attendees, according to our tip sheet.) Sting was not telling.
Earth, Wind & Fire, though, were more accommodating. They were paying tribute to Green, and the band members looked calm — it was their fourth time performing for the president. Longtime member Philip Bailey said that Green’s greatest-hits album was the kind of album that “you put on and you don’t take off.”
Nobody played favorites — except, perhaps, for TV host Charlie Rose, who picked “Apollo 13” as his favorite Hanks film. Comedian Martin Short, on the other hand, couldn’t choose which of the Oscar winner’s films he loves most. “Is ‘Big’ Better than ‘Saving Private Ryan’ ?” Short wondered. “His career has been endless.”
Speak of the devil. Over here, Mr. Hanks!
Hanks can’t point to his own favorite “Tom Hanks movie.” But instead of giving us that old line about choosing between your kids, he told us stories about his actual children. With wife Rita Wilson by his side, Hanks ran though family memories entwined with his cinematic career. “My son Chet took his first steps in Chicago, where we were doing ‘A League of Their Own,’ ” he recalled. “My son Truman was born during the Christmas break of ‘That Thing You Do.’ ”
Talk about a family album.
1 of 52

Crossing the line: Mamata Banerjee takes the lead in use of foul languageComments
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language use.
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee addresses a TMC party meeting at Kalyani in Nadia district of West Bengal. (PTI Photo)
The latest episode happened a day after the CBI arrested Srinjoy Bose, Trinamool Congress MP.
While speaking to party workers on November 22, the CM said, “Ke tumi salla? Naam jane na keu. (Who are you bugger? No one knows your name),” while targeting a BJP leader.
On December 3, Banerjee once again crossed limits of decency in speech: “Nijeyra kortey pareyni, jara korchhey sharakkhon tadeyr pechhoney ki korey bamboo dewa jay tar chinta korey jachhey. (They couldn’t themselves work for the people, they are always trying to figure out how to shove bamboos up the... of those who are doing it).”
“Mamata is feeling threatened, and therefore, resorting to such language and behaviour,” BJP national secretary Siddharth Nath Singh claimed.
In June, TMC MP Tapas Paul had threatened to unleash his boys and rape women supporters of CPI(M). Food minister Jyotipriyo Mullick also asked his supporters to socially boycott CPI(M) workers, and even treat them as one treats venomous snakes.

Early investors in Indian e-comm book huge p...Accel Partners
(Amid all the cash burn and…)
MUMBAI: Amid all the cash burn and eye-popping valuations, early investors in India's burgeoning e-commerce sector are beginning to book profits. TOI has learnt that Bengaluru-based venture fund Kalaari Capital may be in the process of executing a secondary sale of shares worth $100 million (Rs 610 crore) in Delhi-based Snapdeal.
The e-tailer's bigger rival, Flipkart, saw a similar secondary transaction a few months back, revealed sources. Early backers of the country's largest e-commerce player like Accel Partners part-sold their shares in a $150 million (Rs 910 crore) round. This round also saw some investors and employees in Myntra, which was bought out by Flipkart earlier this year and became its shareholders, selling their shares.
A secondary sale is when an existing investor sells shares to a new one or the promoter at the company's current valuation. The money does not come into the company's coffers. Secondary deals have been common among private equity funds in India, but are comparatively rare for venture capitalists.
Vani Kola, MD at Kalaari Capital -- which is now a shareholder in Flipkart as an early Myntra investor -- did not respond to a query from TOI regarding the secondary transaction at Snapdeal. Accel Partners also did not offer any comments till the time of going to press about selling shares in Flipkart.
One of the first investors in Flipkart back in 2009, Accel had put in a million dollars in the company, which is now valued at over $10 billion. Kalaari, which first invested in the e-tailer as IndoUS Ventures, has in all put $25 million (Rs 150 crore) in Snapdeal over the past five years and holds around 14% stake in the online commerce player.
"Exits of early investors via secondary transactions is a very healthy trend and fills the last mile of the investing ecosystem. Exits are the lifeblood of venture capital and have been an issue in India. So this is an encouraging development and shows maturation of the process,' said Avnish Bajaj , MD at early-stage VC fund Matrix Partners India.
Sources privy to the matter told TOI that Kalaari, an early-stage $160 million fund, was likely to shed a small single digit stake, giving it a windfall return nearly the size of its current fund. Sources said the secondary deal was being done at a higher valuation to the SoftBank round which valued Snapdeal at around $2 billion. The Japanese telecom and internet giant, which pumped $627 million into the company, owns about 32% in Snapdeal.
The exact size of these secondary deals at Snapdeal, Flipkart and Myntra and the identity of the buyers could not be ascertained immediately.
Silicon Valley fund Bessemer Venture Partners , another early investor in Snapdeal, part liquidated its shareholding in the company, booking gains on its investment during the SoftBank round itself.
The country's top online commerce players including Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon have been bleeding on account of their frenetic growth and discounting to lure customers on to their platforms. TOI carried a report last week stating that almost a billion dollars in investor money was being guzzled up by the larger e-tailers collectively on account of advertising, discounting and increasing their employee strength. Flipkart and Snapdeal alone have raised about $3 billion this year from investors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telecom Commission to Take Call on Extended Spectrum Use by Airtel  VodafoneYou are here: Home Industries
Telecom Commission to Take Call on Extended Spectrum Use by Airtel, Vodafone
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 07, 2014 17:00 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New Delhi: Inter-ministerial panel Telecom Commission is likely to take a call on Monday on allowing extended use of spectrum by Airtel and Vodafone to avoid disruption in their services in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata, besides deciding on base price for the next round of auction.
"In view of public interest and absence of alternate possibility, the Department of Telecom (DoT) will propose Telecom Commission to extend use of spectrum by Airtel and Vodafone in Delhi till January 14 and till December 15 in Mumbai and Kolkata," an official source said.
Old permit of Vodafone in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata expired on November 29 as well as its right to use spectrum allocated under it. Airtel's permit in Delhi and Kolkata also expired on the same day.
However, both the companies acquired spectrum afresh in February this year but sought time till January 2014 to adjust their mobile network as per the new frequency spots won by them.
In Delhi, Idea Cellular bagged 5 Megahertz of airwaves in premium 900 Mhz band, in which mobile signal covers double area compared to coverage in other spectrum band used for GSM services. The 5 Mhz spectrum won by Idea includes 3 Mhz of spectrum that was being used by Vodafone and 2 Mhz was with Airtel.
Idea has agreed to allow Airtel and Vodafone to use its spectrum till January 14, subject to regulatory approval.
Airtel has over 1 crore mobile subscribers in Delhi while Vodafone has over 93 lakh customers.
The Telecom Commission is likely to take a call on reserve price for auction of spectrum in 800 Mhz (CDMA), 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz (GSM) band.
A DoT panel has proposed up to 17 per cent increase in price of CDMA spectrum compared to the base price recommended by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) at Rs 3,646 crore per megahertz.
The panel has also suggested to increase price of 900 Mhz band spectrum in some circles by up to 20 per cent. The Cabinet is likely to take a final call on reserve pricing for spectrum auction, planned to be held in February.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 16:11 (IST)

Deadlock to continue in third week of winter session over Niranjan Jyoti s hate speechDec 08, 2014 at 10:01am IST
Deadlock to continue in third week of winter session over Niranjan Jyoti's hate speech
14
0
New Delhi: As the winter session of Parliament enters its third week on Monday, the deadlock over Minister of State for Food Processing Industries Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti's hate speech is showing no signs to end.
Cornering the BJP government in Lok Sabha, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi had led the opposition walk out over the government's refusal to sack Niranjan Jyoti. But the opposition later agreed to let Parliament function if a resolution condemning the unparliamentary language was passed in both Houses.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu also appealed to opposition parties to leave the issue behind and enable smooth functioning of the House.
Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu also appealed to opposition parties to leave the issue behind and enable smooth functioning of the House.
#parliament #winter session #niranjan jyoti #hate speech
Unfazed by the stalemate, the government has lined up a heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week including a bill seeking to replace coal blocks allocation ordinance. The ordinance was brought in the wake of the Supreme Court decision cancelling 214 coal blocks in September which had unveiled the NDA government's ambitious coal sector reforms.
The government had promulgated Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014 in October to facilitate auctioning of the cancelled coal blocks.
The bill seeking to replace Textile Undertakings (Nationalisation) Laws (Amendment and Validation) Ordinance, 2014 is also on the agenda. The ordinance was brought to shield the National Textile Corporation from rent control laws that have been used to evict its sick textile units from prime land in several cities.
Anti-hijacking Bill and Supplementary Demands for Grants and related appropriation bills are also on priority agenda so also Payments and Settlements Systems (Amendment) Bill, 2014 and Appropriation Acts (Repeal) Bill, 2014.
In the Rajya Sabha, several bills were scheduled to be taken up during the second week but could not be done so due to disruptions.
They include: The Textiles Undertakings (Nationalisation) Laws (Amendment and Validation) Bill, 2014 to replace an Ordinance, The Constitution Scheduled Castes Orders (Amendment) Bill, 2014, The Central Universities Bill, 2014 and The School of Planning and Architecture Bill, 2014 that have already been passed by the Lok Sabha this session.
0

Need to create institution in spirit of  cooperative federalism : Modi to CMsHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Infosys founders selling shares worth $1.1 bn | Stock slips over 3%book runner
(Four of the original founders,…)
HONG KONG: Some of the founders of Infosys Ltd want to sell shares for $1.1 billion in the Indian IT outsourcing company, a person familiar with the matter said, months after the company picked its first outsider as chief executive officer.
Four of the original founders, co-founders and their families are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of 1,988 rupees ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close, the person said.
Deutsche Bank is the sole book runner of the sale and the books were covered just after the launch, said Thomson Reuters publication IFR. It named the founders as Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, S.D. Shibulal and K. Dinesh.
The person declined to be named as the matter remained confidential and Infosys executives were not immediately available for comment.
Infosys, established by seven engineers in 1981, chose Vishal Sikka as its CEO in June in a bid to overhaul a company that was once the poster child of India's $100-plus billion IT services industry but which had in recent years scrambled against rivals for low-margin contracts.
Some investor said Infosys failed to move up the value-chain due to its risk averse management team which was largely comprised of the company's founders and co-founders.
Most of these executives have left the company since Sikka took office in August.
The founders and their families held a combined 91.5 million shares, or nearly 8 per cent of Infosys' outstanding shares, according to the company's annual report.
Infosys shares are up 18.8 per cent so far this year, while the benchmark Indian share index is up about 35.4 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uber cab driver was arrested in 2011 rape caseUber cab driver was arrested in 2011 rape case, spent 7 months in prison
By TNN | 8 Dec, 2014, 09.50AM IST
According to police, Shiv Kumar Yadav spent seven months in Delhi's Tihar jail in connection with a sexual assault case but was acquitted later.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Delhi Police on Monday revealed that the rape accused Uber cab driver is a repeat offender and was arrested in a sexual assault case in 2011.
According to police, Shiv Kumar Yadav spent seven months in Delhi's Tihar jail in connection with a sexual assault case but was acquitted later.
Yadav, the 32-year-old cab driver accused of raping the woman working with a global tax consultancy and advisory firm on Saturday night, was arrested on Sunday after an unflagging search operation that involved a chase through the streets of Mathura and ended with the police busting a house in which the accused had holed up.
Yadav is married to his brother's widow. He has two daughters and a stepson. While his wife and daughters stay in Mathura, the boy stays with Yadav's brother in Delhi. Yadav has been a cab driver in Delhi for a few years now.
Sources said he has confessed to the crime during interrogation but has shown little remorse. "Galti ho gayi saab, kya karoon ab (I committed a mistake. What do I do now)," he told an interrogator.
The police have also sent a notice to the rideshare service Uber to join investigations and explain the "lapses and negligence" in its operation which has drawn the attention of investigators.
A source in the probe team told TOI that the police had zeroed in on Yadav on Sunday afternoon after ascertaining his presence through a local tip-off. Special commissioner (law and order) Deepak Mishra said that his team had carried out the operation to apprehend Yadav at 6pm through "scientific identification and investigation procedures" involving local intelligence.
Yadav was accompanied by a friend and was apparently heading to a safer hideout after collecting money when the teams closed in on him around 6pm. Yadav spotted the police team and ran through the streets to dodge them. However, three teams led by ACP Devesh Mahla, ACP Subhash Tandon and SHO Anil Dureja zeroed in on him from three directions.
Yadav entered a random house and locked himself. He was apparently looking for a hostage when Dureja's team broke open the door and pinned him down on the floor. He was overpowered and frisked for weapons or poison that he may be carrying and was subsequently placed under arrest.
He was produced before a magistrate and is being brought to Delhi amidst heavy security on a production warrant. He will be produced before a Delhi court on Monday.
AAP workers staged a protest outside home minister Rajnath Singh's residence against the rape of the woman executive in Delhi. The protesters, who were questioning government's lack of action and the safety of women in the national capital, were forcibly evicted by the police.

15 years of CNBC-TV18: India story still in early chaptersLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
15 years of CNBC-TV18: India story still in early chapters
The next fifteen years will see us report on the creation of remarkable wealth and its distribution. The story is still in its early chapters
Post your opinion here
 
Akshara, a wooden theatre about a kilometre north of Parliament house in Delhi served as a makeshift studio for our first broadcast. The anchors sat at a table on-stage, the cameras were positioned in the galleries. There were miles of cables on the floor between, the landlord had made it clear that we couldn’t use a single nail or drill into the floor or the walls.
We were a team of less than 50, and used a team of men on scooters and cycles to carry tapes to the uplink station at VSNL. Everything you saw then was delayed 15 minutes, except the stock tickers that were slapped on live at the CNBC Asia studios in Singapore.
Today, we are a team of over a 1000, we broadcast over 18 hours of  original programming a day, most of which  we uplink LIVE. Our studios are state of the art; the occasional cable is still visible though.
But that change is nothing when you compare it to what we’ve seen happen in India in the 15 years we have been on air. The numbers that measure the change are staggering:
The Nifty was at about 850, today it's touched 8600. India’s market cap was about Rs Seven lakh crore, today it is over Rs 100 lakh crore. That numbers tell the tale of the creation of wealth on a scale the country has never seen before. And when it has acted wisely the government has been among its biggest beneficiaries. Maruti stands out as an example, in 2003 on the day of the company's IPO, the government's 45% share was worth Rs 1800 crore, four years later it sold its last remaining 10 percent for Rs 2400 crore. 
As one wise man put, we truly are a rich country filled with more than our share of poor people. We are confident though that the next fifteen years will see us report on the creation of remarkable wealth and its distribution. The story is still in its early chapters.
RELATED NEWS

Seeing improved sentiments; no serious charges in FIR: HDIL08:00 am
The Anti-Corruption Bureau has filed an FIR against real estate major  HDIL in connection with Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) project in Mumbai over alleged irregularities.
However, Sarang Wadhawan, vice-chairman and managing director of HDIL says the charges are not serious in nature and there is malafide intent behind it. "We have all the documentation to prove our innocence," he told CNBC-TV18.
Moving on to the mood in the real estate sector, he says that the overall sentiment among investors has improved. Wadhawan says volumes of residential projects is seeing improvement.
The company’s current debt on a consolidated basis stands at Rs 3,400 crore.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Sarang Wadhawan's interview with CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh
Latha: There is First Information Report (FIR) filed against some government officials and some of your officials. Can you tell us what the status is at this point in time and how serious are the charges?
A: The FIR that has been filed has been filed under Section 156(3) where it is been ordered to be filed by magistrate. There are no serious charges whatsoever. It is a mala fide intent by one of the people who was residing in those areas who was ineligible, irrespective and that ineligibility has been held by the government of Maharashtra and not by HDIL. We have all the documentation to prove that the FIR has been filed with mala fide intent and we will be submitting all the documents to the anti-corruption bureau and as such the FIR will be coursed immediately by the Bombay High Court.
Latha: We have begun to see some commercial deals that have happened especially in the area of Lower Parel; commercial space has been sold at fairly good rates as well we are seeing zillions of boards coming up in Mumbai city for exhibitions of property sales. Is there a mood that buyers are back or are you only sensing that they will be back?
A: The overall mood in the real estate industry has improved. The mood for the buyers to get back into the system to deploy the savings that they have accumulated over the last couple of years is back. We are seeing green shoots of revival even on the residential front, we are seeing good traction right now in projects where there is currently execution going on. I think the differentiating factor here between the companies is going to be or the companies that are executing will be able to sell and the companies that are still trying to launch their projects based on approvals are still trying to launch their projects based on just word; they are going to find it difficult to sell but companies where people can see brick and mortar coming up – that is where the sales are going to happen.
Q: You are still saying going to happen. If you were to compare this quarter with last quarter in your own projects, are you seeing an improvement in volumes and what kind of volumes?
A: We are seeing improvement in the residential area. In the residential segment there has been a marked improvement. Our projects in Mulund and in Nahur are seeing good sales happen. Last month we sold about 40 flats in one of our projects. This month has also started on a good high. Overall if you see compared to last year we have done pretty well but that momentum still has to gather pace and the moment it does that you are going to see the building industry or the real estate industry come back with its revival plans and also the fact that developers have been focusing a lot on debt reduction and have been trying to offload the other parcels of land that they have - that is helping the developers, for example HDIL has offloaded quite a few of its businesses, the other businesses, the land parcels. We have been able to reduce debt. So that has helped us put some focus back on execution, it has helped us put some focus back on approval processes and put our focus back on the core business.
Q: Can you give us an idea of what is your debt and how much has it come down by?
A: Currently our debt is Rs 3,400 crore on a consolidated basis on what we had given in the quarter results. We are working towards this quarter and we are hoping that we will be able to reduce substantial amount of debt. I cannot give the figure but come January end, February we should be able to give you those figures as well.
Q: What might quarterly sales look like? What was it in Q2 and what is it likely to be in Q3?
A: It is very difficult for us to give guidance on the numbers for HDIL because of our accounting methodology. We have been able to maintain a run rate of about 300 crore odd or 350 crore per quarter but it all depends on the completion of projects. This year end we are envisaging the completion of our Andheri project and that could help get in a lot of revenues although the margins will be little compressed but the revenue figure might shoot up a bit because the project was big and that is getting completed in March. This is the problem in our accounting methodology but that is also a conservative accounting where we follow the norms correctly. So to maintain the revenues at 300 and 350 crore is what we are looking at and maybe there could be a spike at the year end.
HDIL stock price
On December 10, 2014, Housing Development and Infrastructure closed at Rs 62.10, down Rs 4.6, or 6.9 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 113.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 38.70.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 7.02 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 8.85. The latest book value of the company is Rs 248.81 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.25.
RELATED NEWS

SPML Infra up 7% on orders from KUIDFC  co to raise fundsDec 08, 2014, 10.48 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SPML Infra up 7% on orders from KUIDFC, co to raise funds
The orders are for 24X7 water supply system for three cities, Sindhanur, Gadag-Betageri and Haveri with a combined population of 3.7 lakh.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SPML Infra up 7% on orders from KUIDFC, co to raise funds
The orders are for 24X7 water supply system for three cities, Sindhanur, Gadag-Betageri and Haveri with a combined population of 3.7 lakh.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  SPML Infra gained as much as 7 percent on bagging orders worth Rs 267 crore from Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development and Finance Corporation (KUIDFC).
The orders are for 24X7 water supply system for three cities, Sindhanur, Gadag-Betageri and Haveri with a combined population of 3.7 lakh.
"These projects are part of Asian Development Bank (ADB) funded projects to improve urban services in 14 towns in north Karnataka. The project would help improve the quality of life in underdeveloped areas of the State with uninterrupted clean drinking water supply," the company said in its filing.
SPML has received these performance-based management contracts to design and construct the infrastructure of the distribution networks, provide metered connections and operate and maintain the facilities for 5 years.
Meanwhile, the board of directors decided to call for extra ordinary general meeting on January 6, 2015 seeking shareholders approval to raise funds through qualified institutional placement (QIP) route for an amount not exceeding Rs 75 crore.
At 10:37 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 88.95, up Rs 1.40, or 1.60 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Brent stays below $69 after Morgan Stanley forecast  China trade dataCrude oil drops to 5-year low on oversupply forecasts
Reuters
Tweet
London, Dec 8:  
Brent crude oil fell almost $2 a barrel on Monday to a new five-year lows on predictions that oversupply would keep building until next year after OPEC decided not to cut output.
"Without OPEC intervention, markets risk becoming unbalanced, with peak oversupply likely in the second quarter of 2015," Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Longson said.
In a report dated December 5, the US investment bank said oil prices could fall as low as $43 a barrel next year. The bank cut its average 2015 Brent base case outlook by $28 to $70 per barrel, and by $14 to $88 a barrel for 2016.
Brent crude for January was down $1.45 cents at $67.62 a barrel by 1000 GMT, having fallen $1.72 to $67.35 - its lowest since October 2009.
US crude was down $1.16 cents at $64.68 a barrel, after hitting a session low of $64.63. The US contract, also known as West Texas Intermediate, touched $63.72 last week, its lowest since July 2009.
At a meeting last month, top oil exporter Saudi Arabia resisted calls from poorer members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to reduce production, fuelling a further slide in prices, which have lost more than 40 per cent since June.
"Brent is moving into the $60 to $70 trading range," said Olivier Jakob, oil analyst at Petromatrix in Zug, Switzerland.
"There is nothing really providing strong support for crude oil right now," he added.
Chinese data
Mixed Chinese trade data further unsettled prices.
China's imports shrank unexpectedly in November, falling 6.7 per cent, while export growth slowed, fuelling concerns the world's second-largest economy could be facing a sharp slowdown.
China's crude oil imports rose 9 percent in November from October to 6.18 million barrels per day, suggesting the country may be boosting its reserves.
"If one looks at the overall economic indicators, they are all showing a picture of China which is stagnating rather than having strong growth," said Jakob.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Taj Mahal is part of ancient temple: UP BJP chiefComments
After Azam Khan's demand of handing over the Taj Mahal to UP Waqf Board, the state's BJP chief Laxmi Kant Bajpai on Sunday sought to drag the famed mausoleum into another row by claiming that it was a part of an ancient temple.
Bajpai told reporters that Mughal emperor Shah Jahan "purchased a part of Tejo Mahalaya temple's land from Raja Jai Singh" and claimed that documents to prove it still exist.
He also alleged that "Azam Khan has usurped property of Waqf and was now eyeing the world heritage Taj Mahal."
"Azam's dream to offer namaz five times at Taj will never be fulfilled," he said.
On November 13, Khan had said that the Taj Mahal, one of the wonders of the world, should be declared a property of the state's Waqf Board.
Khan, during a convention of 'mutawallis' (caretakers) asked chairman of state sunni central waqf board to make Taj Mahal a property of the board and appoint him as 'mutwalli'.
Though, later, when reporters asked Azam about his controversial statement, he said, "why you take things said in a lighter vein so seriously."
However, spokesperson of All India Shia Personal Law Board, Maulana Yasoob Abbas, has told PTI, "As far as Mumtaz Mahal is concerned, she was a Shia, but Taj Mahal is heritage of the country and it should not be handed over to Sunni or Shia boards."
"Shia and Sunni boards are unable to maintain their mosques and madrasas then how will they handle Taj Mahal. If the issue of handing Taj Mahal to the waqf board is raised then Shia and Sunni will come face to face, therefore it should be kept away from the tussle," he added.
Video: Reactions to claims that Taj Mahal is part of an ancient temple

Narendra Modi seeks to woo Kashmiri votersNarendra Modi seeks to woo Kashmiri voters
Reuters
The Hindu Policemen frisks supporters of BJP outside the Sheri Kashmir Cricket Stadium. The Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to address election rally today. - Photo: Nissar Ahmad
SRINAGAR, Dec 8:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday headed to disputed Kashmir to rally support for his party's bid to win a state election, following several militant attacks blamed on Pakistan-based groups.
Tension has risen in the Himalayan region after 11 soldiers and police were killed in an attack on an Indian army camp, prompting a call for Pakistan to do more to stop militants from crossing the militarised border that divides Kashmir.
Modi and military officials said the attack, one of several last week, was aimed at disrupting the state election, which drew a record turnout of 70 per cent of Kashmiris in its first two phases. Separatists had called for a boycott.
Modi will take his campaign into Srinagar, the state capital and the heart of the 25-year revolt against Indian rule.
About 3,000 paramilitary troops, accompanied by sniffer dogs, stood guard around a cricket stadium where Modi is scheduled to speak. Militants have in the past tried to stage attacks during visits by Indian leaders.
"The security grid is in place," an army official, Lieutenant-General Subrata Saha, told reporters. "It won't be appropriate for me to say anything more than that."
Modi has offered Kashmiris new jobs and smart cities in the hope of ending the revolt and tying the Muslim-majority region closer to India.
His Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party has long advocated ending Kashmir's special constitutional status and the territory is central to its vision of a strong, united India.
The party is banking on votes in the Hindu-dominated region of Jammu, Buddhist Ladakh and independents in Kashmir to seize power.
Pakistan says the election is meaningless and instead calls for talks to resolve the dispute that has poisoned ties between the neighbours ever since independence from Britain in 1947.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Growth prospects brightenTweet
December 8, 2014:  
A scheduled data release on economic growth and the RBI’s bi-monthly monetary review are not particularly upbeat on their implications for the macroeconomy. Yet, neither a lower GDP growth estimate nor the absence of a policy rate cut is seen as a negative.
There is an underlying current of optimism in both. A 5.5 per cent growth in the first half of the current year clearly indicates that the days of sub-5 per cent annual growth are finally getting over. Although the RBI did not cut policy rates, it has indicated that there could be one even ahead of the next (February, 2015) policy statement.
The Central Statistical Office (CSO) released the GDP growth data for the second quarter of the current year just days before the RBI’s scheduled fifth bi-monthly monetary policy statement on December 2.
The significance of the second quarter data release is further enhanced because along with the GDP figures for the first quarter already available it is possible to get a clearer idea of the economy’s growth trajectory during the current year.
According to the CSO, the economy grew by 5.3 per cent during the second quarter. With the first quarter growth having been estimated at 5.7 per cent, the half-yearly GDP growth rate has come at 5.5 per cent.
Interestingly, most annual projections, including that of RBI, are around this figure.
The RBI’s views on economic growth obviously matter even though it is its monetary actions — whether there is a rate cut or not — that invariably hog all the attention.
That is a pity because the RBI’s justification of its rate action (or inaction) is in essence an analysis of the economy’s growth prospects and why (as it did this time again) it holding back a rate cut is in the larger interests of the economy at this juncture.
Time not ripe
As RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan reiterated, sustained growth is possible only when policymakers have acquired a firmer grip over inflation. Despite the sharp fall in inflation — retail and wholesale — the time is not ripe for a rate cut. In RBI’s words, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflation expectations continue and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely next year, including outside the policy review.
The next bi-monthly policy statement — the sixth — is due on February 2. It will be the last before the first full-fledged budget of the NDA government. That would be the time when inflation as well as growth targets would be evaluated in the light of developments in the next few weeks.
Getting back to the CSO’s data, the second quarter GDP growth at 5.3 per cent, though lower than the 5.7 per cent in the first quarter (April-June), is above what most analysts had expected.
The big picture, of course, is to be seen in the annual growth rate projection — whether the economy is finally coming out of the trough into which it had fallen. Over the past two years, economic growth was below 5 per cent. It is now almost certain that the growth rate during this year will be well above 5 per cent, closer perhaps to 5 .5 per cent than to 6 per cent.
An analysis of the constituents that make up the data will be useful. Agriculture (3.2 per cent) and community, social and administrative services (9.6 per cent) were the main growth drivers during the second quarter. During the entire first half, agriculture growth has been of the order of 3.5 per cent, particularly creditable because it has come on top of a base impact of 4.5 per cent last year.
It is not clear from the data whether the impact of insufficient monsoons has been factored in. Community, social and administrative services capture Government spending and has, therefore, relevance for calculating the fiscal deficit.
The biggest negative has been manufacturing, a tiny 0.1 per cent increase, not at all surprising in the light of the monthly IIP numbers. The fall in manufacturing has been cited in support of an immediate rate cut to ease interest rates on loans to industry.
However, the central theme of the central bank’s dissertation of the inflation outlook is one of muted optimism. As mentioned earlier, a rate cut is possible even ahead of the next policy date. This, of course, is subject to so many caveats but the RBI’s message could not have been clearer.
The central bank has stuck to its earlier 5.5 per cent GDP forecast for the current year.
Here again, there are several downside risks. However, in line with its inflation forecasts, the RBI’s pronouncements are more upbeat than in the recent past. For both inflation and growth, 2015-16 ought to be even better.
(This article first appeared in The Hindu dated Dec 8, 2014.)
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Nikkei touches 7-1/2 year high; weak GDP offset by upbeat US jobs dataNikkei touches 7-1/2 year high; weak GDP offset by upbeat US jobs data
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Dec 8:  
Japanese stocks were steady on Monday as a downward revision in third quarter GDP figures balanced hopes for exporters due to a weaker yen and optimism over the US economy.
The Nikkei benchmark was flat at 17,916.83 at 0141 GMT, after breaking through the 18,000 barrier to hit a fresh 7-1/2 year high of 18,030.83.
Revised data showed Japan’s third quarter economic contraction was deeper than first expected, surprising investors and underlining the fragility of its economy, which has struggled to rebound from a sales tax hike in April.
An annualised drop of 1.9 per cent — greater than the 1.6 per cent fall initially reported, was driven by a downward revision of capital expenditure. Confidence at Japanese manufacturers also slid in December, a Reuters poll showed.
“The GDP figures put the brakes on the positive catalysts from abroad,’’ said Masayuki Doshida, senior market analyst at Rakuten Securities.
Data released on Friday showed that US employers added 321,000 jobs in November, a far brisker pace than expected, helping Wall Street stocks post a seventh consecutive week of gains.
The figures encouraged investors in Japanese exporters as the strengthening US market will help them weather slower growth in China and a moribund euro zone economy.
A weaker yen also helped boost exporters’ prospects. The yen plummeted to a new seven-year low of 121.84 against the dollar on Monday morning.
Toyota Motor Corp jumped 1.3 per cent, leaving the automaker on course for a seventh day of gains. Nissan Motor Co added 0.3 per cent, while electronics maker Nikon Corp also ticked up 0.3 per cent.
The broader Topix ticked down 0.1 per cent to 1,444.90, while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 also shed 0.1 per cent to 13,122.61.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Broader markets outperform benchmarks; Coal India up 3%Broader markets outperform benchmarks; Coal India up 3%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 11:28 AM IST
Benchmark indices have turned marginally weak after a flat opening as gains in select index heavyweights are being wiped off by losses in information technology shares.
 
At 11:25AM, the 30-share Sensex was down 76 points at 28,382 and the 50-share Nifty was down 23 points at 8,575.
 
In the broader market, BSE midcap and smallcap indices have outperformed their larger peers with gains of 0.2% and 0.3% each.  Market breadth in BSE is positive with 1,259 advances against 1,165 declines.
 
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 109.45 crore on Friday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
 
Buzzing Stocks
 
BSE Realty index, up 0.8% has gained the most followed by BSE FMCG index, up 0.4%.
 
BSE IT index, down 2 % followed by BSE Teck index, down 1.5% have lost the most.
 
ITC has gained close to 1%.  It has become the second-most valuable Indian company, surpassing refineries giants- Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and Reliance Industries - in overall market capitalization (m-cap) ranking.
 
Sun Pharma has gained over 1%. On Friday, a US court's jury gave Ranbaxy a boost when it decided that the agreement between AstraZeneca and Ranbaxy Laboratories to delay the launch of a generic version of AstraZeneca's heartburn drug Nexium is not anticompetitive. Sun Pharma is in the process of acquiring Ranbaxy.
 
Coal India has gained more than 2%. According to media reports, Coal India has requested the government to re-allot the two coal blocks in Odisha which it had lost following the Supreme Court's order to cancel allocation of 214 coal blocks. Coal India had formed joint ventures with private players to develop these blocks.
 
Oil and gas shares are trading mixed. GAIL and Reliance have declined 0.1% each while ONGC has gained 0.2%. Earlier, GAIL announced the signing of sourcing agreement between GAIL Global USA and US based company WGL Midstream to procure natural gas for liquefaction at Cove Point, USA.
 
Infosys has declined over 3% on promoters' action as four of its founders N R Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, K Dinesh and S D Shibulal, along with their families have sold 32.6 million shares of Infosys. While the price offered for the shares was at a 4% discount from Friday’s closing price of Rs 2,069.70 per share, market sources said that the shares were sold at a premium over the base price and the average sale price could be around Rs 2,015 apiece.
 
Among other shares, shares of drug majors Pfizer and Wyeth have rallied over 6% each  on the bourses ahead of amalgamation.
 

Govt doubles retail investors  quota in PSU disinvestmentsNow, retail investors can buy more in govt stake sale
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 08:55 IST
Photo: Reuters
To encourage participation of small investors in PSU disinvestments, government has decided to double the quota reserved for retail investors to 20 per cent for the forthcoming stake sales in bluechip companies like ONGC and Coal India.
The decision assumes significance following the enthusiastic response from retail investors in the Friday's stake sale in steel major SAIL, which fetched the government Rs 1,715 crore.
"In the forthcoming OFS, 20 per cent of the offer size shall be reserved for retail investors," an official told PTI.
So far 10 per cent of the share sale was reserved for retail investors, who are allowed to invest up to Rs 2 lakh in the OFS. Also a 5 per cent discount was offered to them over the bid price.
However, in Follow on Public Offer (FPO), 35 per cent is reserved for small investors.
The response of retail investors to PSU disinvestments had not been encouraging in the past with the 10 per cent reserved quota barely managing to get fully subscribed.
The successful SAIL OFS, the official said, has shown big appetite for PSU shares among retail investors.
"Increased retail participation will improve ownership of public in CPSEs and also help achieve the objective of disinvestment policy," the official added.
As per the data, retail investors bid for over 5.49 crore SAIL shares - 2.66 times of the 2.06 crore shares reserved for them. The SAIL OFS was over-subscribed more than two times.
The Budget 2014-15 proposed to garner Rs 43,425 crore from PSU disinvestment, of which about 30 per cent is expected to come in from 5 per cent (worth around Rs 17,000 crore) stake sale in ONGC.
Besides, a 10 per cent stake sale in Coal India is on the table and could fetch over Rs 20,000 crore.
The other state-owned firms that are lined up for offering include 11.36 per cent stake sale in NHPC and 5 per cent each in PFC and REC.
Under the OFS mechanism, at present a minimum of 25 per cent of the shares offered are reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
The government has been using the OFS route for disinvestment of PSUs.
Market regulator Sebi has permitted the promoters of top 200 companies to use the auction route or OFS route to dilute stake in listed companies. It also permitted OFS in those PSUs which were to meet the minimum 25 per cent public holding norm.

Delhi cab rape case:  Safest rides on the road  Uber driver Shiv Kumar Yadav is a repeat offenderDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Uber was banned in Delhi yesterday and government mulled similar action across the country as outrage grew over the alleged rape of a 27-year-old woman executive by its cab driver.
Uber cabs driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who was arrested Sunday evening from Mathura for raping a 27-year-old executive in Delhi, is a repeat offender- Uber claims that it offers the ‘safest rides on the road’.
Revealed during the initial interrogation by the police, this fact highlights the carelessness on the part of Uber cab service. The accused would not have been behind the wheel of the Uber cab had the US-based company run a background check and got police verification done.
On Friday night, the 27-year-old woman who works for a finance company in Gurgaon has gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7 pm. After dinner, one of her friend gave her a ride till Vasant Kunj. She meanwhile booked the cab from Vasant Kunj to her house in Inderlok on her smartphone. The driver along with Uber Swift Dzire cab arrived around 10.20 pm and she left for home.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat of the car only to wake up and find that they had stopped at a secluded spot. She found that the car doors were locked and, when she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed her and then committed rape.
“The driver reportedly sexually assaulted her and beat her up. The woman said she tried to fight back, but he overpowered her. He reportedly told her that if she shouted for help, he would insert a rod in her genitals, and reminded her of the December 16 2012 bus gangrape in the city,” reported Indian Express.
In the complaint, the woman said that the driver repeatedly slapped her and punched her when she tried to use her phone to make a call. He also told her that he would drop her home safely only if she wouldn’t report the matter to the police.
The driver reportedly dropped her home, registered the end of the ride on Uber’s software, and gave her a bill. “After she got down from the car, she secretly clicked a photograph of the cab, with the vehicle’s registration number. She went home, but soon  left for the Sarai Rohilla police station to file a complaint,” said the police.
This incident was reported around 1.25 am on Saturday. A case was registered at Sarai Rohilla Police Station under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
Activists of AISA and JNUSU protest against the rape by Uber cab driver, outside Police headquarters in New Delhi. (Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Uber cab in which the crime took place was owned by the driver himself and he was traced through his mobile number and has been handed over to the Delhi police. The Swift Dzire cab in which the crime took place was recovered from the city late Saturday night.
Meanwhile, the US-based cab service provider, which has come under attack for allegedly flouting norms, has issued a statement saying they are providing all help to police in the investigation.
We are deeply disturbed by the reported incident. Our thoughts are with the victim. We are actively and fully cooperating with authorities.
— Uber Delhi (@Uber_Delhi) December 6, 2014
Uber spokesperson, Evelyn Tay, made the following statement on their blog, “Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done.”
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” added Evelyn Tay.
Police take away rape accused Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav after he was produced before a Magistrate Court in New Delhi on Monday. (PTI)
Police said the driver did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and the only link the service provider had with him was an Smartphone App which he exited after the incident.
The company also could not immediately provide the call log to police as details were said to be stored at the company’s headquarters in New York.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

Being appreciated by Rajinikanth means a lot:KarunakaranBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:00 pm
Actor Karunakaran, who has teamed up with superstar Rajinikanth for the first time in forthcoming Tamil actioner “Lingaa”, says he was touched when the latter showered rare appreciation upon meeting him on sets.
“I remember it was my first day on the sets of ‘Lingaa’. Director K.S. Ravi Kumar had just introduced me to the superstar, and I literally froze in awe. That moment became even more special when Rajini sir appreciated my performance in ‘Soodhu Kavvum’,” Karunakaran told IANS.
Nalan Kumarasamy-directed “Soodhu Kavvum” was one of the best Tamil comedies of recent timeS. Karunakaran rose to fame with his role Arumai Prakasam, who kidnaps himself to extort money from his father.
“What really touched me was that he even remembered my character’s name from the film. A rare compliment coming from Rajini sir meant a lot to me,” he said.
Karunakaran, who has projects such as “Kappal”, “Nanbenda”, “Kanithan” and “Mahabalipuram” in his kitty, says he wants to “concentrate on doing films that meet audience’s expectations”.

Live: Opposition parties in Rajya Sabha continue to protest against hate speech made by Niranjan Jyotimore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

UP government suspends Yadav Singh accused of amassing crores of illegal wealth9
0
Noida: The Uttar Pradesh government has suspended Noida Authority Chief engineer Yadav Singh after an income tax raid on his residence unearthed crores in cash and jewellery.
After the raids, Singh was relieved of his charge and attached to the personnel department. The state government had asked for a report from Noida Development Authority on Yadav Singh. The I-T department had recovered diamonds worth Rs 100 crore, Rs 10 crore in cash and around 2 kgs of gold from Yadav's residence.
He has also come under the scanner of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on blackmoney as it on Saturday asked the CBDT to share information with ED so that money laundering charges could be pressed against him and his associates.
The state government had asked for a report from Noida Development Authority on Yadav Singh.
#yadav singh #uttar pradesh #noida authority chief engineer #sit
SIT Chairman Justice (retd) MB Shah and Vice-Chairman Justice (retd) Arijit Pasayat held a meeting and reviewed the case with CBDT officials led by Chairperson Anita Kapur and I-T officers from the investigations directorate in Lucknow who had carried out extensive raids in November on Singh's premises and a number of companies with which his wife is believed to be associated with.
After the meeting, the SIT asked the Director General (I-T investigations) Lucknow to share information of this case with the Enforcement Directorate so that Yadav could also be investigated under the criminal provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
2

Bhopal gas tragedy: The man who tried to expose Union Carbide and the warnings that were ignored65
0
New Delhi: Journalist Rajkumar Keswani shot into fame in the aftermath of the Bhopal gas tragedy in 1984. His passionate stories in 1982, warning of the disaster waiting to happen were ignored. Keswani was so convinced about the threat the pesticide plant of UCIL posed to Bhopal that he wrote to the then chief minster Arjun Singh, all the members of the Legislative Assembly of Madhya Pradesh and even petitioned to the Supreme Court and yet nothing moved. Keswani's was a solitary voice that was ignored. The Bhopal gas tragedy struck six months after Keswani wrote his last article. Speaking to CNN-IBN's Rupashree Nanda, Keswani revists some defining moments of the world's worst industrial disaster:
Why did the Bhopal gas tragedy happen:
It happened because of the greed of corporates like Union Carbide to make money, it happened because we live in such a corrupt system where the government works hand in hand with big corporate houses and helps them to violate the laws. Had they followed all the safety systems provided by the law as required, this would not have happened. Why is not a question, why was it allowed to happen is the question? Our political bosses in the country are more concerned about their own well being than of people. They can sell people. Human lives have no value. They are more concerned about themselves, their families and their party.
#bhopal gas tragedy #union carbide #warren anderson #ucil
Warnings that were ignored:
In 1978, there was a fire in the Union Carbide plant and it was in the Naphthol store. At that time people had no idea. A large crowd had gathered and even I was one of those in the crowd. This company was better identified with the torch cells, Eveready batteries, not with the kind of chemicals they were using and not with the kind of products like sevin and temic. It was known to people dealing with agriculture but not to the common man. The UCIL had a great reputation in Bhopal because it was the only multinational operating here and, those who were working with Carbide (UCIL) were treated with utter respect. Hence, there was little scope for doubt about Union Carbide. There was a question. The sky was covered by dark cloud. There was a bad smell. In 1981, a friend, Mohammad Ashraf who was working with Union Carbide got exposed to Phosgene and died. That was the alarm (for me) from where I started working on it. It was tough because I had no science background. I found 2 persons who were fired - Bashirullah and Shankar Malvia. They helped me to get a foothold there. With all manuals and confidential reports, it was nine months before I could write my first piece in 1982. After going through all information, one basic fact stuck with me was that Phosgene and MIC were heavier than air and something which is heavier would come down and settle down. When I found that such huge quantity is being stored and there were three tanks, then I wrote my first piece saying, "Bachayiye huzoor, is sheher ko bachayiye" (Sir save the city), giving all the details I had.
But when I did that, it went unheeded. There was no response from government. As an afterthought, I feel that people could not believe it because there has been no precedence of this kind. Even my circulation was very limited. It did not have an impact. I wrote another article with an alarming and sensational headline, "Bhopal sitting on top of volcano". I attempted another time because lives of people were at stake. I was angry with myself. I had seen from inside that all safety norms had been bypassed. Even pipelines were not in very good shape. That was dangerous. I did my second piece on October 1 and on October 5 there was a small leak inside the plant. Methyl IsoCyanate (MIC) did leak. That was controlled within limits. But it did impact nearby population and people had to escape to save lives. But, because it was contained so quickly, police did not register a case, there were no complaints. If at all it was investigated, it was investigated by the factories inspector. It was not a big deal, it was not even reported in the local media properly. So I did my third piece on October 8 and I narrated the story of what happened that night. I said this is an indication of things to come - I wrote a headline, "Na samjhoge to mit hi jaoge" (If you don't understand, then you will be wiped out). Everyone would try and convince me that what you say will never happen. You are wrong. We know better that you. The factory inspector suggested if I had any problems with Carbide (UCIL) I could talk. I wrote a letter to the then chief minister Arjun Singh to constitute a committee and to save the city. I went to members of state assembly and I persuaded them to raise it in assembly and it was raised. The concerned minister informed the house that he had visited the factory, (and assured the house that) there will be water curtains that will contain the gas leak if it happened. When some members insisted why not shift the factory? Someone said it was not a piece of stone! Then I sent a petition to the Supreme Court in 1982 itself and just got an acknowledgement. I left Bhopal for a year.
When I returned, once again I started working on same story. After six months, I did a longer piece for Jansatta on the June 16, 1984. The Editor Mr Prabhas Joshi gave it a great display. That was just six months before the disaster. Even after that when nothing happened, I felt that this is the most that I could have done. Before I could think of anything else, came the illfated December.
When Warren Anderson visited Bhopal:
When Warren Anderson arrived and was arrested, he was taken to the Union Carbide guest house at Shamla hills. A large number of journalists had reached and I was one of those. There was a huge wall and no one was allowed into the guest house where Anderson was. I climbed the wall to look into the Carbide guest house. I was just trying to look inside, I think it was Mark Fineman from Philadelphia Inquirer who said, "Rajkumar come down, come down. Anderson is already gone, I just spoke to American embassy and they have organized it." Anderson was received by the district magistrate and the superintendent of police at the airport, and midway he was politely informed that he was arrested. He started shouting, he was taken not to the police station not to the court but to his guest house. From there he made a call to the American Embassy. The American Embassy got into action and someone (name not clear) at the Ministry of External Affairs was contacted, then the Home Ministry, then the PMO. Rajiv Gandhi was then campaigning in Harda for elections and Arjun Singh was with him. Arjun Singh left instruction with local administration and was gone. When Rajiv Gandhi returned, Arjun Singh got instructions to release from the PMO because there was lot of pressure from the American embassy. Hence they provided him a state aircraft and he was sent back to Delhi the very same evening. When Anderson reached New York, he held a press conference and he said, "I was treated with utmost courtesy and respect, they were very nice to me, I have no complaints, it was done for my safety!"
Listen, the PMO cannot act on his own without the PM's consent. Because, in absence of the PM, they did not pass on any instructions. Only after Rajiv Gandhi reached Delhi, the instructions passed.
Justice Kochar Commission yet to submit report, Anderson dead:
In 1985, a commission was appointed which was headed by Justice NK Singh. It had been working for a year but once the state government found out that it was going to nail their guilt they abandoned it midway. Again, after a long gap, another commission was set up. But the cases are already decided, the main accused are dead. When Anderson died, people were saying one accused has died. Call me a cynic, nobody is going to be punished now. Mr K who was representing the victims has died, Justice Deb who passed an interim order died, KB Rai Choudhury died, thousands of victims have died, lawyers, judges and even Keshub Mahindra is an old man. By the time the case comes to a conclusion and a call is made from this court, there will be no answer because everybody would be dead. I am sure they will all die a natural death. Our legal system is such that you can make it go merry go round. Puri saluted Anderson while he was leaving!
Collective failure:
It is not A, B or C who has failed. We have failed collectively. Judiciary if it cannot decide a case involving half a million lives, what do you say about this? What do you say about CBI which could not properly investigate and represent? What do you say of political bosses who helped Carbide get away? They asked for $3.3 billion and accepted $470 million! Look at the medical fraternity. In those areas the quacks have become rich because real doctors never attended to the victims. Even properly qualified doctors had no clue. Everyone over here has flourished and prospered except the gas victims.
We simply fail to learn. Just one example - 25 years after this disaster, in 2010, I was working on a documentary for ESPN on playgrounds around Union Carbide where children play. They get diseases and no one is bothered. Had you learnt any lessons, this would not have happened. They entered into a settlement with a figure of 3000 deaths when by their own admission, they had acknowledged 15,000. Now there is a case is pending in front of the Supreme Court that looks for more compensation because the money that was actually meant for 3000 death cases and 1.5 lakh injury case - was actually distributed among 15,000 death cases and half a million people. Learning is not in our culture. We just talk of learning, but we don't learn.
271

Crude palm oil rises by 0.6% on good demandCrude palm oil rises by 0.6% on good demand
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 11:41 AM IST
Crude palm oil prices rose by Rs 2.50 or 0.58% to Rs 430.50 per 10 kg in futures trading today, largely in tandem with a firming trend at spot markets on good demand.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude palm oil for delivery in December month moved up by Rs 2.50, or 0.58% to Rs 430.50 per 10 kg in business turnover of 98 lots.
The oil for delivery in January traded higher by Rs 2.40, or 0.55% to Rs 437 per 10 kg in 49 lots.
Analysts said apart from a firming trend at spot market on pick-up in demand, tight supplies from producing regions, influenced crude palm oil prices at futures trade.

Javadekar in town  Team India gets down tobusinessWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:34 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:53 am
With Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar having arrived in Lima over the weekend along with some other senior officials and negotiators, the Indian camp in Lima has got down to business, holding a first ministerial-level bilateral meeting with the United States on Sunday.
Except for a forceful intervention arguing that adaptation measures should also be counted as “contributions” by a country towards the global fight against climate change, India has largely preferred to play a wait and watch game to see how the negotiations are playing out.
But that was always scheduled to change in the second week with a large number of bilateral meetings planned for Javadekar who is here to attend the high-level segment of the climate change conference starting on Tuesday.
India and the US delegation, which was led by its chief negotiator Todd Stern who too arrived in Lima only over the weekend, are learnt to have discussed the contentious issues in defining the INDCs, or Intended Nationally-Determined Contributions, which will become the basis for the climate agreement that is expected to be finalized in Paris next year.
India and the United States have some common positions on the INDCs. Both are against an ex-ante review of the ‘contributions’ announced by countries to assess whether the aggregate of ‘contributions’ from all countries is in line with the global objective of keeping the planet’s temperature from rising above 2 degree Celsius from a 1850 baseline. Both agree that such an ex-ante review will negate the ‘nationally-determined’ character of the INDCs.
But there are strong differences between the two as well. India has been strongly arguing in favour of maintaining a distinction between developed and developing countries in the INDCs according the principle of Common But Differentiated Responsibilities (CBDR) enshrined in the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) under which the climate negotiations are taking place. United States is not in favour of any such differentiation.
During the talks on Sunday morning, India is learnt to have sought the US support for the inclusion of adaptation measures in the INDCs. India has been maintaining that ‘contributions’ cannot only mean mitigation actions and that adaptation measures, especially by the developing countries, should also be counted as ‘contributions’ in fighting climate change.
The two countries are also learnt to have discussed bilateral efforts in dealing with the adverse effects of climate change. The bilateral meeting with the United States was just the first in a series of such meetings planned for Javadekar.
Meanwhile, Indian negotiators said the process of finalizing India’s INDCs had begun and all the relevant ministries and departments had been asked to send in their inputs. These ministries had been told to make their schemes and programmes climate-sensitive continued…

2014 has been an amazing year: AngelinaJoliePosted: December 8, 2014 12:33 pm
Hollywood beauty Angelina Jolie has had an amazing 2014 after getting married and releasing her movie ‘Unbroken’.
The 39-year-old actress-director is thrilled that her new movie ‘Unbroken’ is getting Oscar buzz, reported Contactmusic.
When asked if she’s had the best year of her life, she said, “Well, I hope that one is still to come. But it’s been an amazing year. I married my love, my son (Maddox) became a teenager and I got to bring this film to the world.”
Meanwhile, the Oscar-winning actress wasn’t surprised she had to prove she should direct the World War II-set drama.
“I fought hard for the opportunity. I’d directed only one other film, which was very small in comparison. I had to prove I could handle locations, the budget, balancing two plane crashes, the visual effects and the technical aspects.
“I had not done anything like that before! I had to go to school quickly, then I pitched my little heart out,” she added.

The intent is going to be aggressive  says ViratKohliBy: Associated Press | Adelaide |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:26 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 2:09 pm
Already missing Sachin Tendulkar from a tour of Australia for the first time in more than 20 years, India will go into the opening Test against Australia on Tuesday with a new Test captain.
M.S. Dhoni failed to recover from a broken left thumb and will be replaced by 26-year-old Virat Kohli, who captained India on a limited-overs tour of Zimbabwe last year but who has never led his country into a Test match.
Dhoni tried vainly to take part in the first Test, but the thumb injury was too severe to allow him to play. Wriddhiman Saha will be wicketkeeper in Dhoni’s place.
Kohli, India’s 32nd Test skipper, appreciates Dhoni’s advice.
“M.S. coming in is always a help for the younger guys on the team and his input is so important,” Kohli said Monday. “Just discussing plans with him, taking a few tips as to what we are thinking of doing and what he feels about them, because he’s been there, done that, seen possibly every situation in cricket.”
India hasn’t toured Australia without Tendulkar — who retired last year — since 1991. Rahul Dravid and fellow veteran V.V.S. Laxman have also retired, while international stalwart Virender Sehwag is experiencing a form slump and wasn’t named in India’s 30-man World Cup squad last week.
Kohli said his group of pace bowlers could cause Australia some trouble.
“This one of the best bowling attacks we’ve had in a while,” Kohli said. “Guys who are bowling with pace and they’re fit.”
Varun Aaron, the fastest of the Indian pace bowlers and who would be playing in his fourth Test, is likely to spearhead the visitors’ attack with Ishant Sharma.
Indian swing bowler Bhuvneshwar Kumar is a question mark because of soreness in his left ankle. Kumar took 19 wickets at 26.63 on India’s recent tour of England, and was later named India’s player of the year.
Sharma, 26, is on his third tour of Australia and has offered some advice to his teammates — expect some verbal abuse from the crowds.
“Australia is a really amazing country to play cricket in,” Sharma said. “What I know from my past experience … I think you will get a hard time from the crowd as well and you have to be prepared for all these things.
“Obviously it’s mentally challenging for you when the people are saying all these things to you, and at the same time you’re handling the pressure in the center as well.”
Sharma’s two previous tours Down Under haven’t gone well. In 2007-08, he took six wickets at an average of 59.66 and four years later just five wickets at 90.20.
Kohli indicated Monday that his side will be aggressive and perhaps return some continued…

President Pranab Mukherjee to launch Karnataka e-governance project MobileOneBy: Express News Service | Bangalore |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:19 pm
An ambitious project of the e-governance department of the government of Karnataka to bundle over 600 government services – like application and issuance of birth and death certificates, property registration etc – into one seamless web location, that is accessible over mobile phones is set to be launched here on Monday afternoon by President Pranab Mukherjee.
Called Mobile One the e-governance project in Karnataka is being labelled as the first of its kind in the country and brings a whole range of government services that are currently spread across hundreds of government websites into one common easily accessible location. The Mobile One service will also bring under one virtual roof some 1000 private services.
A Mobile One app will be the gateway to the government services for mobile phone users while users of ordinary phones will be able access services through SMSes or calls to the toll free 161 number. Services like exam results, train, bus bookings and cab bookings, payments of bills for electricity, telephones, and tax payments will be accessible through the Mobile One service.
According to the state government the Mobile One service will bring 637 government services spread over the websites of 37 government departments under its ambit.
The Mobile One e-governance project is being positioned by the Congress government in Karnataka as a flagship achievement of its 18 month tenure. The efforts to provide time bound and online services for government departments called the Sakala scheme had originally been launched by the BJP government during its tenure from 2008-2013.
As many as 600 government services was made time bound under the Sakala scheme and officials were liable for failing to deliver services with the prescribed limit for each service.

Infosys slips 4%; experts say block deal pressure a good opportunityYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Block deal pressure good opportunity to buy Infosys
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 05.55PM IST
Tags:
Barclays
(Infosys was witnessing…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys saw intense selling pressure through the day, following a huge block deal on the counter. Four founder members of the company have sold 25 per cent stake of their holding to raise $1.1 billion.
They sold 3.23 crore shares at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 per share in 16 block deals through Deutsche Bank . The block deal was at 4 per cent discount to Friday's closing price.
The stock has been recently down on profit booking as investors booked profits after the stock started trading ex-bonus on the exchanges.
The stock closed the session on Monday at Rs 1,968.60; down 4.88%, at Rs 101.10.
However, the sharp correction in the stock should be utilized by investors to buy the stock. According to dealers, the stock may see an upmove of over Rs 100 in the next 3-4 days.
This means that the stock can return over 5% in 3-4 days, as the experts say, if we calculate from today's intraday low of 1,967.55.
The overhang of the block deal is expected to be short-lived.
"There is still a pent-up demand for this erstwhile bellwether for the IT sector. As we have said earlier, a lot of new long only money that is going to come into India will definitely find way into names like Infosys and SBI," said Vineet Bhatnagar, MD, PhillipCapital to ET Now.
"From that point of view, if you like a three-year view, then you must be looking at Infosys. Sikka seems to be making good amount of news as well as work. So I would imagine that there is interest in the stock with the three-year view," Bhatnagar added.
The company recently held analysts' meet and most analysts remain bullish on the company's growth prospects after Vishal Sikka took over as the CEO and MD. Dr Sikka reiterated that Infosys continues to be on track to return to industry levels of growth by June 2016.
Analysts at Barclays Research are of the view that the management's top down strategy at the meet suggested the revival will be driven by higher revenue productivity led by adoption of AI and automation and investments in sales force leading to better account mining and large deal wins.
"While contribution of new services to the top-line will likely be minimal, pursuing these initiatives has helped the company to establish a strategic dialogue with its clients. We maintain our OW rating and adjust our target price to Rs 2,500, to account for the 1:1 bonus issue," the report added. Analysts are bullish on the company's growth outlook as the management reiterated its focus on renewing the existing business, while focusing on new business simultaneously.
"We expect the company to report an EPS of Rs 107.9 and Rs 123.2 in FY15e and FY16e, respectively. We also introduce our FY17e EPS estimate of INR140.1, implying a three-year EPS CAGR of 14.6%. The stock is currently quoting at FY16e and FY17e PER of 17.1x and 15.0x, respectively. We reiterate Buy rating on the company with a target price of INR 2,382, based on 17x FY17e EPS," said an Antique Stock Broking report. CLSA has a 'Buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2500.
"We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital. Infosys is clearly exploiting its latent strengths in training and talent to catapult it back to industry leadership," said a CLSA report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex slips over 200 points; top 20 bets: Jet flies over 9%  Pipavav Defence up 8%You are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex in red; top 20 intraday trading bets from top experts
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 03.29PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(Sensex slipped as much as…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped over 350 points in intraday trade on Monday, led by losses in Infosys, TCS, Dr Reddy's Laboratories and L&T.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under bit of pressure and was trading below its crucial psychological support level of 8,500, weighed by losses in IT, realty, banks and consumer durable stocks. The index also broke below its 20-DMA level placed around 8,452 levels.
At 3:29 pm, the Sensex was at 28,107.44; down 350.66 points.
The Nifty was at 8,434.15; down 104.15 points.
Infosys plunged as much as 4.8 per cent in trade, after media reports suggested that four of its founders are seeking to raise about $1.1 billion by selling stakes in the IT outsourcing company.
The founders are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of 1,988 Indian rupees ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 0.87 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged lower by 0.86 per cent.
ITC (up 1.3 per cent), Coal India (up 1.7 per cent), Bharti Airtel (up 0.9 per cent), Sun Pharma (up 0.75 per cent) and HDFC (up 0.5 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Infosys (down 4.7 per cent), TCS (down 2.3 per cent), BHEL (down 2.6 per cent), Hindalco (down 2.6 per cent) and Sesa Sterlite (down 2.6 per cent) were the major index losers.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Gruh Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 265 and a stop loss of Rs 250
SRF Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 915 and a stop loss of Rs 890
REC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 315 and a stop loss of Rs 331
UPL is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 335
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 377 and a stop loss of Rs 356
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2540 and a stop loss of Rs 2621
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 111 and a stop loss of Rs 99
TCS Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2460 and a stop loss of Rs 2570
Sandeep Wagle , Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 375 and a stop loss of Rs 359
Punjab national Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1170 and a stop loss of Rs 1110
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1530 and a stop loss of Rs 1585
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Amruntanjan Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 550 and a stop loss of Rs 488
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 370 and a stop loss of Rs 358
Punjab National Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1160 and a stop loss of Rs 1120
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 106 and a stop loss of Rs 100
Sameet Chavan, Technical Analyst - Angel Broking
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1220 and a stop loss of Rs 1142
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2460
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 3050 and a stop loss of Rs 3206
Siddhartha Chatterjee, Trustline Securities
Eicher Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 15480 and a stop loss of Rs 15200
BEL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2900 and a stop loss of Rs 2800
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uber cab driver was jailed earlier too on another rape charge  say policeComments
A Delhi court sent on Monday an Uber taxi driver accused of raping a 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days as the state government banned the taxi booking service which came under fire for hiring the driver without background checks.
 
Police said Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32 had earlier spent nearly two years in jail from 2011 over another rape charge before being acquitted last year when the victim allegedly turned hostile and the court found contradictions in her statement.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
On Friday night, Yadav allegedly raped an executive from a Gurgaon-based finance company in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla before dropping her home, sparking outrage in the city weeks before the second anniversary of the fatal gangrape of a 23-year-old medical student in a moving bus.
Although the driver threatened to kill her if she reported the crime to police, the woman took a photo of the car's number plate before alerting the authorities.
 
Police tracked Yadav down and arrested him on Sunday from his home town Mathura,160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi, where he had fled.
'Uber misled passenger with app, flouted rules'
He refused to participate in an identification line-up after police told the court they had not yet recovered the mobile phone he used during the incident.
Meanwhile, Uber faced criticism for hiring the cab driver without the mandatory police verification. It initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com with immediate effect," said a statement by the transport department.
"The transport department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the National Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi in future."
The department also alleged Uber had flouted transport rules and "misled" the passenger with its app.
"M/s Uber also misled the commuter about the nature of the taxi service offered by the "Uber App," it said.
Special commissioner Deepak Mishra said early investigations showed GPS had not been installed in the taxi and police background checks were not conducted on the driver.
 
San Francisco-based Uber had earlier issued a statement saying its thoughts were with the young woman and it was working with the government to address the issue.
 
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States and could spell trouble across the globe for the company.
 
Anger mounted in New Delhi where a crowd of angry protesters rallied outside the home minister's residence, demanding more action by officials to ensure safety for women.
 
"The shocking incident of rape of a young woman in a cab on Friday night exposes the alarming situation about lack of women safety in the national capital," the Aam Aadmi Party said in a statement.
Uber on back foot
Uber tried to shift some of the blame on to the Delhi government for the failure to do background checks on the accused cab driver.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick issued a statement following, terming the incident horrific.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery.
"We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs. We will also partner closely with the groups who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women," the statement said.
A day after police served a notice on the firm, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (North), said, "Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we'll go for legal recourse. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case.
(With inputs from agencies)

Sell gold; may touch Rs 25 000/10gm: Dharmesh BhatiaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sell gold; may touch Rs 25,000/10gm: Dharmesh Bhatia
Watch the interview of Dharmesh Bhatia, Deputy Vice President of Kotak Commodity Services with Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18. He spoke about the current trend in commodities markets.
Post your opinion here

Sahara group plans to finalise two more realty deals: reportsSahara group plans to finalise two more realty deals: reports
Niranjan Jyoti s remarks continue to cloud Parliament proceedingsNiranjan Jyoti s remarks continue to cloud Parliament proceedings
Delhi Rape Case: NSUI members protest outside Rajnath Singh s residence demandinDelhi Rape Case: NSUI members protest outside Rajnath Singh s residence demandin
China stocks push above key resistance level despite weak trade dataChina stocks push above key resistance level despite weak trade data
BJP criticizes opposition for disrupting Parliament SessionBJP criticizes opposition for disrupting Parliament Session
Sensex falls further; Infosys  TCS  Dr Reddy`s top losersSensex falls further; Infosys  TCS  Dr Reddy`s top losers
Sensex  Nifty trade lowerSensex  Nifty trade lower
Thermax hits record high after winning orderThermax hits record high after winning order
Srinagar fortified ahead of PM Modi s rallySrinagar fortified ahead of PM Modi s rally
UK Stocks-Factors to watch on Dec. 8UK Stocks-Factors to watch on Dec. 8
Target 1 @ 198 achieved on our callsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sell aia engineering                       buy syndicate bank  hdil su...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Be positive as per last qrtly result their liabilities are controlled ...New Member
4 Followers
Be positive,as per last qrtly result their liabilities are controlled & short term borrowings dramatically reduced.I hope worst is over no down side risk with huge expectations.Only concern is management quality,any ways next 6 months will be crucial for either to proceed or to leave.
In reply to : message

Wow..what a free fall in sbi.. next target is 310 but not immediately ...Gold Member
13 Followers
Wow..what a free fall in SBI.. Next target is 310 but not immediately, it is a positional target.. Enjoy the profits for whoever followed my call..Book all profits now
In reply to : jatin1232006 message
12.58 PM Dec 8th

Ilan Levanon named CEO of plant protection firm ADAMA IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Ilan Levanon named CEO of crop protection solutions firm Adama India
K V Kurmanath 
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec. 8:  
Adama, the Israeli crop protection solutions firm, has appointed Ilan Levanon as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Adama India. He will take charge in January.
His predecessor Goldshmidt will begin his new role as Vice-President of India, West Asia and Africa. He, however, will continue to be the Chairman of Adama India.
Name change
Makhteshim-Agan India, an arm of the Israeli crop protection solutions firm, has changed its name to Adama, which means earth in Hebrew.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

European shares set to halt rallyEuropean shares set to halt rally
Reuters
Tweet
Paris, Dec 8:  
European stocks were set to open steady on Monday, taking a breather following the previous session sharp rally as soft macro data from China and Japan revived concerns over the pace of global growth.
China’s exports rose 4.7 per cent in November from a year earlier, while imports dropped 6.7 per cent, well below expectations and adding to concerns that the world’s second-largest economy could be facing a sharper slowdown.
Japan’s economy shrank more than initially reported in the third quarter due to declines in business investment, surprising markets and backing premier Shinzo Abe’s recent decision to delay a second sales tax hike.
Financial spreadbetters expected Britain’s FTSE 100 to open 2 to 3 points lower, or down 0.04 per cent, Germany’s DAX to open 2 to 3 points higher, or up 0.03 per cent, and France’s CAC 40 to open around 5 points lower, or down 0.11 per cent.
European stocks rallied on Friday, with the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares surging 1.8 per cent and Germany’s DAX hitting a record closing high, boosted by data showing US employers took on the most workers for nearly three years in November.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

State police capable of handling Maoist threat  says Kerala MinisterState police capable of handling Maoist threat, says Kerala Minister
VINSON KURIAN
Tweet
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, DEC 8:  
Kerala Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala has said the State police is capable of dealing with reported Maoist violence in the north of the State.
He said this while making a clarification in the State Assembly to the first reported instance of alleged Maoists engaging the police in an eyeball-to-eyeball confrontation in Wayanad on Sunday.
SECRET OPERATIONS
The operations currently underway could not be disclosed due to their sensitive nature, Chennithala informed the House.
He proposed to consult the Home Ministers of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu on how to tackle the threat along the border it shares with these neighbours.
Earlier on Sunday evening, a gunfight had broken out between the ‘Thunderbolt’ unit of the State police and the left-wing rebels in the tribal settlement of Vellamunda in Wayanad.
Following this gunfight, additional police forces were rushed to the area on Sunday.
CLOSE WATCH
The Kerala Police have been maintaining a close watch in the tribal areas in the north known to be frequented by the Maoists.
Two companies of the Thunderbolts are already camping in the forest area. Maoist presence in Wayanad, that borders Karnataka, has been reported even before.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

India for early financing of Green Climate FundIndia for early financing of Green Climate Fund
PTI
Prakash Javadekar, Environment Minister
Lima, Dec 8:  
India today insisted on early financing of the Green Climate Fund to reach the USD 100 billion target, as Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar arrived here to participate in crucial negotiations to reach a historic deal to be signed next year in Paris.
The Green Climate Fund (GCF) was established with a proposed USD 100 billion budget in order to assist developing countries with climate-related projects.
India has been at the forefront of keeping the pressure on the developed countries to meet their commitment to provide climate finance.
India has made it clear that a robust global agreement in Paris next year is directly linked to the predictable availability of financing through the Green Climate Fund.
As the climate talks entered its second week, Javadekar said “the real issue” in Lima “is that [the Green] Climate Fund must become a reality“.
He said finance would be a “main point of decision in Lima” because the current level of funding is only at USD 9.7 billion.
He said that India and other developing countries were hoping the GCF would be funded at a rate of USD 10 billion every year until 2020 to reach the USD 100 billion target.
Javadekar said that the concept of intended nationally determined contributions (INDCs) to be included in the Paris 2015 agreement “is a major achievement” because it allows each country to determine their own way forward on climate action.
In addition, the Minister said he expects “heated debates” on including more adaptation elements in the draft text as well as INDCs.
Javadekar also noted that “India will make comprehensive climate legislation” in its next budget session that “will ensure a better environment“.
He said that “legislators are main force on making awareness and create pressure on the government for strong legislation and strong action plan.”
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Ex-GCPL MD A Mahendran readies solo ventureGCPL ex-MD Mahendran readies solo venture
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 12:45 AM IST
Ten months after getting Goldman Sachs and Mitsui Investment on board as private equity investors, Godrej Consumer’s former managing director, A Mahendran (pictured), will shortly launch a new range of beverages and confectionery under Global Consumer Products, his solo venture.
The products, with the working titles of ‘Love It’ for confectionery and ‘Cherio’ for beverages, will be rolled out in the next two months, Mahendran, the company’s chairman & managing director, said. Mahendran, along with his family, controls 20 per cent of Global Consumer Products; the rest is held by Goldman Sachs and Mitsui, which have invested Rs 315 crore in the venture.
“We are working out the finer details like branding and packaging and should be ready by January-end. We have already tied up with distributors and contract manufacturers in the South, where the products will be first launched,” he said.
While the new products will subsequently be rolled out into other parts of the country, Mahendran is also contemplating acquisitions to strengthen his portfolio. “We are looking at buys in the food & beverage space, besides acquisitions of distribution assets, mainly in the North, West and East India. We are based in the South, so that region is not an issue for us. It is the other parts that we have to cover.”
Acquisitions are not new to Mahendram, a veteran in the consumer goods sector who steered the merger & acquisition cell at Godrej Consumer as managing director between July 2010 and June 2013, wrapping up eight buys from 2010 to 2012. The acquisitions included Nigerian company Tura in March 2010, Indonesian major Megasari Makmur in April that year, Sara Lee’s 51 per cent stake in the Indian joint venture Godrej Sara Lee in the second week of May 2010, Issue at the end of the third week of May 2010, Argencos in early June, and brands Swastik and Genteel from Mumbai-based Priya Kothari group in December 2010. In June 2011, Godrej acquired the Darling Group in Africa. And, in January 2012, the firm acquired Chilean company Cosmetica Nacional.
After his exit from Godrej Consumer, Mahendran bought back pest management brand Hi Care from Danish company ISS in January this year — five years after first selling. The deal, valued at Rs 150 crore or twice Hi Care’s sales of Rs 70 crore in 2012-13, also involved private equity investor India Value Fund (IVF). Mahendan took a 20 per cent stake in Hi Care, while the rest was held by IVF.
As far as the Bengaluru-headquartered Global Consumer Products goes, Mahendran says the company is eying a turnover of Rs 1,200 crore by 2020 and has put in place a high-powered team that includes former executives from Britannia, Ferrero Rocher and Mondelez. “Anuradha Narasimhan joined us about six months ago from Britannia. She heads sales & marketing. Kamal Kumar Agarwal, who heads finance, human resource, information technology and legal affairs, came from Ferrero. We also have Ajayakumar SA, our research & development head, from Cadbury (now Mondelez), Nigeria,” Mahendran said.
Global Consumer might consider a listing by 2020 to give an exit to its private equity partners, or get a strategic investor on board replacing its current investors, Mahendran said. “This will happen in six to seven years, which is enough time to achieve our current targets,” he said.
TOP EXECUTIVES WHO LAUNCHED FMCG START-UPS IN RECENT YEARS
Paras Pharma promoter Devendra Patel launched Adjavis Venture Ltd, post the sale of the Ahmedabad-based company to Reckitt Benckiser in 2010. The company was launched last year and markets the popular deodrant brand Layer'r
Devendra’s brother, Darshan Patel, who had moved out of Paras Pharma before it was sold to Reckitt, runs another venture called Vini Cosmetics, maker of Fogg deodrant
Former Coca-Cola executives Neeraj Kakkar, Suhas Misra, Neeraj Biyani and James Nutall started Hector Beverages in Gurgaon in 2011. The company sells two brands, energy drink Tzinga and ethnic drink Paper Boat
Meru Cabs promoter Neeraj Gupta and consumer & retail sector veteran K Radhakrishnan together launched Freshkins this year in Mumbai, a neighbourhood shopping chain for perishable items

Target Worker s Speech Is Probably The Best Thing That s Happened On A Black FridayWhat do a horde of Spartan warriors on the verge of battle and a store full of Target employees on Black Friday have in common?
A dude who can give a kick-ass motivational speech, that's what.
Meet Scott Simms, an employee at a Target store in Westminster, Md., who hammered home a triumphant rallying cry to his co-workers before Black Friday shoppers descended on his store last week. We might never have known about the speech, or its echoes of the 2006 action movie "300," if not for a former co-worker who posted this video to Reddit:
"I prepared it in my head a little bit during the day," Simms told Carroll County Times , adding that he plans on giving a similar speech next year on Black Friday. "I kind of wanted to do it because every year there's that calm before the storm and it kind of reminded me of '300' or 'Braveheart.'"
Target confirmed to The Huffington Post that the video is authentic.
"We have long said that Thanksgiving weekend is to retail what a championship game is to sports," a Target spokeswoman wrote in an email. "Scott is clearly quite a coach."
The speech fits with Simms' general attitude toward work, the former coworker, Vincent Scellini, told The Huffington Post in a Reddit message. "He always carried this type of humor and energy with him and was very fun to be around," he wrote.
Simms is the second Target employee to go viral in as many months. In November, a Target employee named Alex Lee became an internet sensation when his photo got circulated on Twitter. Lee hit it so big that he was swamped with fans and at one point was afraid to leave the house, he told the New York Times .
(Hat tip: Buzzfeed )
This post has been updated to include a quote from Simms, as well as his full name.
More:

Mutual fund folio count rises by 3.5 lakh so far in FY15Mutual fund investor accounts rise by 3.5 lakh so far in FY15 led by equity folios
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 09:14 IST
BT Photo
Mutual fund houses have registered a rise of over 3.5 lakh investor accounts in the first eight months of the ongoing 2014-15 financial year, driven by addition in equity fund folios.
The addition comes after fund houses lost about 33 lakh investor accounts in the entire previous fiscal.
Folios are numbers designated to individual investor accounts, though one investor can have multiple folios.
Explaining the reason behind such a rise in retail folios , industry officials said growth was mainly on account of addition in equity fund folios, which was supported by sharp rally in the domestic stock markets.
According to data provided by market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on total investor accounts with 45 fund houses, the number of folios rose to 3.99 crore at the end of November 30, 2014 from 3.95 crore in the previous financial year (2013-14), registering a gain of 3.54 lakh.
Besides, the fund houses have clocked Rs 1.55 lakh crore net inflows in various schemes during April-October period.
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex surged by around 28 per cent during the eriod under review on the back of hopes of economic reforms and heavy capital inflows.
The equity category saw addition of over eight lakh folios to over 3 crore investors at the end of October 31, 2014. The segment's first rise in folios was in the month of April after it reported a consistent decline in investor accounts in the past four years.

Job Gains Put US on Pace for Best Growth Since  99It has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Need over $100 billion to revamp railways: PrabhuNeed over $100 billion to revamp railways, says Rail Minister Suresh Prabhu
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 7, 2014  | 09:06 IST
Photo: Reuters
"Railways needs investments of over $100 billion in next 3-4 years to transform itself and the government is working on a plan to attract funds including from overseas", Union Minister Suresh Prabhu said on Saturday.
"We want investments upward of $100 billion in next 3-4 years from multiple corners. We are gearing up for this. We are working within Indian missions overseas. We are working with Ministry of Finance and with all government machinery to make this happen", Prabhu said.
Speaking at 'India Economic Conclave', the Railways Minister said passengers are demanding tremendous improvement in railway services but the government does not have the level of funds which are required to meet that scale of investment.
"Operating ratio of railways is very low when you compare it to US. It is 20 point less than what it is in US. We have hardly any money left to make investment in railways. One thing that I am trying to do is attract huge investments in railways. I don't want to disclose the entire strategy now", Prabhu said.
The Minister said he has delegated powers of procurement to general managers in Railways, besides setting up a one-man panel to oversee that his decision in this regard is implemented smoothly.
"I am not going to look at any tender. I have delegated those powers to general managers and officers below them. I am going to make them accountable. I want to bring in a mix of incentive and disincentive to make it happen. I am going to incentivise good operations", Prabhu said.
The Minister said he will focus on outcomes as part of a new strategy to transform railways.

China ships 1000 tonnes of fresh water to Maldives to overcome its acute water crisisBy: Press Trust of India | Beijing |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:56 pm
China has shipped 1,000 tonnes of fresh water to Maldives, a day after India dispatched over 1,200 tonnes of fresh water to overcome the crippling water crisis in the country’s capital.
China has arranged delivery of bottled water in two Chinese civil aircrafts to Male. The first plane has arrived with 12 tonnes bottled water on Saturday morning, while the second one with eight tonnes got there on Saturday night, Chinese foreign ministry said, adding that more water will be sent.
An ocean rescue vessel of the Chinese navy suspended its escort mission and headed for Male port on Friday. With 960 tonnes fresh water and seawater desalting facility on board, the vessel is scheduled to arrive at the destination on Monday, Chinese Defence Ministry was quoted as saying by Xinhua News Agency.
Aircraft of Chinese air force have been ready for urgent rescue mission, and the Chinese side is applying for air route with relevant countries, it added.
Male, located on a low-lying island in the Indian Ocean, has no natural water source and entirely depends on treated sea water.
A major fire broke out at the Maldives Water and Sewerage Company (generator control panel on December 4, causing extensive damage to the cabling of the generator to the Distillation plants, disconnecting water supply.
The Maldives has appealed for aid from India, Sri Lanka, the US and China.
India became the first country to provide aid. India on Friday sent nearly 200 tonnes of water by air and dispatched a naval vessel.
The Indian government has till now pressed into service as many as five Indian Air Force transport aircraft and two Naval vessels for the aid effort.
INS Sukanya, an offshore patrol vessel, was on a routine patrol off Kochi when it was diverted to Male.

SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Bn Loan to Adani in 3 MonthsYou are here: Home Corporates
SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 07, 2014 18:26 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: State Bank of India has said the final decision on the controversial $1 billion (Rs 6,200 crore at 1 dollar = 62 rupees) loan agreement with Adani Group for its Australian mining project would be taken by the lender's executive committee in 2-3 months.
SBI had last month signed a pact with Adani Group on the sidelines of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Australia.
"The executive committee after due deliberations will decide about the disbursement to Adani," SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya told PTI.
"At present, all the aspects are being studied. Appraisal is being done. It will take about two-three months to study the project and thereafter taken to the committee for final approval," she added.
Loans of over Rs 400 crore are generally cleared by the executive committee headed by the chairperson. The other members of the executive committee include two executive directors (of the four managing directors on board) and non-executive director/directors who are present in the city where the meeting is held.
Besides, RBI nominee director Urjit R Patel (RBI Deputy Governor) is a part of the executive committee.
Adani Mining is building a 300 km rail line for its about $16-billion Carmichael coal mine project in Australia.
The development of the coal mine located at Queensland in Australia and required infrastructure including railways would cost $7.6 billion.
Queensland state's Coordinator General has approved a $2-billion (2.2 billion Australian dollars) rail line project called the North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) that would link Adani's Carmichael Coal Mine with Abbot point coal terminal.
Opposition party Congress had raised concerns over SBI's $1 billion loan pact with Adani Group signed during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Australia.
Ms Bhattacharya had clarified the bank had just signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU).
"This is not a loan sanction that we have given. It will go through proper due diligence both on the credit side as well as on the viability side... The board will take a call and then only loan will be given," she had said.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 17:29 (IST)

Maharashtra: Fadnavis defends decision to skip tea party  says Modi meet important eventWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:27 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 9:26 pm
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis late Sunday evening said the meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi was to emphasise key issues related to the welfare of people of Maharashtra.
Fadnavis said, “The prime minister had called a meeting of all chief ministers of state across country. It was a scheduled meet. And I took the decision to attend for the larger interest of my people in Maharashtra.”
Fadnavis said, “I would certainly liked to play the host at the tea party on the eve of winter session. It was never my intention to undermine the role of opposition.”
Adding, “It is unfortunate that Congress and NCP are making an issue about my PM meeting.” The state chief minister indicated that, “During the meeting individual state chief ministers could raise the issues related to their state.
And I felt it was important as I would emphasise on several critical areas which requires centre’s intervention to push the state projects ahead.” The meeting has helped people of state.

Rolling Stone updates its apology for story on alleged U-Va. gang rapeBy Peter Holley December 7 Follow @peterjholley
Students held a candlelight vigil to raise awareness on sexual assault Friday night as Rolling Stone cited “discrepancies” in an article that reported a gang rape in a campus fraternity. (Reuters)
Rolling Stone has amended a statement published Friday about its widely criticized story detailing an alleged gang rape at a University of Virginia fraternity.
The initial three-paragraph statement was published after doubts about the accuser’s story continued to emerge, setting off days of fierce criticism directed toward the magazine and the story’s author, Sabrina Rubin Erdely.
In its initial statement, Rolling Stone appeared to place blame for the story’s unraveling on the unidentified accuser, a student referred to as “Jackie.” Some activists saw that stance as throwing blame on the woman who told the story of her assault. The statement, signed by managing editor Will Dana, said that “there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie’s account,” before adding, “We have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced.”
A day later, without mentioning that the statement had been updated , the magazine appeared to pivot, noting that the “mistakes are on Rolling Stone, not on Jackie.” The updated statement notes that there appear to be “discrepancies” in Jackie’s account. It acknowledges reporting from The Washington Post and other outlets that called details of Rolling Stone’s reporting into question.
“We published the article with the firm belief that it was accurate,” Dana said in the updated statement. “Given all of these reports, however, we have come to the conclusion that we were mistaken in honoring Jackie’s request to not contact the alleged assaulters to get their account. In trying to be sensitive to the unfair shame and humiliation many women feel after a sexual assault, we made a judgment – the kind of judgment reporters and editors make every day. We should have not made this agreement with Jackie and we should have worked harder to convince her that the truth would have been better served by getting the other side of the story. These mistakes are on Rolling Stone, not on Jackie. We apologize to anyone who was affected by the story and we will continue to investigate the events of that evening.”
For some observers like Jaclyn Friedman, who co-edited a book on rape culture titled “Yes Means Yes,” the amended statement was too little too late.
“This statement is okay but the horse is out of the barn, damage to Jackie has already been done,” Friedman told The Post. “People are calling her a liar and calling this a hoax based on the fact that Rolling Stone said their faith in her had been misplaced.”

Rise of Chinas entrepreneurial spiritThe rise of China’s entrepreneurial spirit
Della Bradshaw
©James Ferguson
In the cold basement of an office block in northwest Beijing, a group of would-be entrepreneurs huddle around a computer screen, poring over their latest prototype. A few miles away, in a well-heated and distinctly more luxurious underground lecture room, a group of 30 managers and entrepreneurs also debate ideas for new products and ventures.
Both groups are testament to the growing appetite for start-ups in China. Just as business schools in the US and Europe have reported a surge in student interest in running their own companies, business schools operating in China are also reporting a thirst for all things entrepreneurial.
More
Technology brings choice to MBA students
“Start-ups are the new sexy thing,” says Yi Wang, co-founder and chief executive of Liu Li Shuo , which developed an English language app for Chinese smartphone users, the only education app selected by Apple in the 2013 App of the year award in China.
“Definitely you’re seeing an increasing trend in entrepreneurship in China. Top-tier venture capital firms are looking for young entrepreneurs — there’s a whole ecosystem coming up,” Mr Wang enthuses. “In recent years companies that have been making the biggest impact on people’s lives have been internet companies and behind them encouraging stories about ordinary people making it big.”
Mr Wang is one of the participants on the 10-week Stanford Ignite programme, which the Silicon Valley business school ran in Beijing for the first time in October and November. There, in the Stanford building in the heart of the Peking University campus, a select group of 30 entrepreneurs and intrapreneurs devise business plans that may one day prove to be highly successful companies.
Mr Wang’s own history is typical of many of China’s new breed of entrepreneurs, he says. He went to the US to study for his PhD, worked for Google for two years and then returned to Shanghai to work for an internet marketing company. His two co-founders report a similar history. As more and more Chinese students study overseas, behaviour at home is changing rapidly, with young people eschewing the traditional large corporation he says.
The sentiment is echoed in the spartan basement that is Tsinghua University’s x-lab, where angel investors rub shoulders with students and alumni from across the university, arguably China’s most prestigious. Between them they are developing everything from the latest electrically powered scooter to moderately priced 3D printers and wearable health monitors.
Since the x-lab launched 18 months ago, some 400 start-ups have used the facilities, says Pearl Mao, executive director. Close to 300 of them continue to flourish and more than 30 of them already have substantial funding.
What is more, every Thursday the x-lab’s team holds project meetings and each week 10 new ventures pitch to become part of x-lab. Those that succeed can use the facilities free of charge
Michael Ma, who graduated from Tsinghua SEM in 2006 with an Executive MBA , fits the bill. He believes there is much to be done in creating English language teaching technology. “China is the biggest market for foreign language learning in the world,” he points out.
His company, Beijing Peapad Education and Technology, targets parents of young children with its small, green, talking pea character, which is controlled through a parent’s smartphone and uses songs and games to teach English.
“There was no such product in the market. We think it is important for Chinese kids to learn English,” he says. “Also we believe there is a lot of money to be made in the industry.”
Mr Ma has ambitions for the Peapad to be on the market in the first half of 2015, and will offer the Peapad hardware for free, with parents buying software, services and access to the community.
“Our ambition is a bit more than language learning,” he says. “There is no smart device [like this] in the market for kids. We believe in the next 10 years this will be a real trend.
“Currently early childhood education is offline all over China, but we believe over the next few years it will all go online. Hardware is a channel and we are providing the channel.”
In developing his product Mr Ma has taken advantage of other start-up ventures in the x-lab — a computer graphics company helped design the website and Peapad games and a 3D printing firm helped develop a scale model. The x-lab offers legal advice on patents and access to Tsinghua’s industrial design centre as well as advice from angel investors and venture capitalists.
It has also performed a more specific educational role, acting as the intersection between Tsinghua’s academic departments, says Ms Mao. So far between 10 and 20 per cent of all Tsinghua students are involved in some way.
Stanford Ignite faculty director Yossi Feinberg says that while New York is the home of media start-ups and Silicon Valley of biomedical and technology companies, there is demand across the board in China. “China is everything. There is a lot of low-hanging fruit.”
The growing middle class in China means high demand, but this can in turn create issues, says Prof Feinberg. “The biggest problem to any venture in China to me is the [low] barriers to entry. The only barrier is, can you create something big enough so others can’t enter the market.”
Now the entrepreneurial genie is out of the bottle, Mr Wang says it is unlikely the process can be reversed. His company resembles a US internet start-up, with free meals and company-funded holidays. Why would people who have operated in this environment all their working lives want to work for a state-owned enterprise, he asks.
 
Spreading the word: Stanford to take its expertise overseas
 
Stanford GSB , the business school at the heart of Silicon Valley, is taking its entrepreneurial know-how to two more of the world’s top cities in 2015 — London and New York. Stanford Ignite has been taught previously in Paris and Santiago as well as in Beijing and in Palo Alto, where the programme was launched in 2006.
Those programmes taught outside California rely on professors visiting from Stanford combined with lectures taught using videoconferencing technology. “I think we found a model for a remote immersive education experience,” says Stanford Ignite faculty director Yossi Feinberg.
Though professors often teach remotely, the local experience for participants is intensive and personal. “You need teams, you need mentoring,” says Prof Feinberg. “Part of any educational experience is that you create a trusted network.”
Once the class is accepted, participants submit ideas for ventures, the best of which are worked on by groups, alongside the lectures. These ventures form the backbone of the 10-week programme.
Prof Feinberg has high expectations for participants. “I expect everyone to start their own company or lead innovation in their [current] company,” he says. Stanford Ignite has a strong record: more than 100 successful companies have so far been started by participants on the programme.
In London, the programme will run in Canary Wharf and be hosted by Infosys — the IT company already hosts the programme in Bangalore. Stanford is accepting up to 50 students for the certificate programme, which will be taught in September 2015. It is aimed at participants with strong scientific, medical, or technical backgrounds who do not have an MBA or other advanced degree in business.
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

FM dangles Rs 13k-cr carrot to clear GST bottlenecksFM dangles Rs 13k-cr carrot to clear GST bottlenecks
Vrishti Beniwal | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 12:59 AM IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who is meeting state finance ministers on Thursday to garner support for the Constitution Amendment Bill for a goods & services tax (GST), is likely to immediately dole out about Rs 13,000 crore in Central Sales Tax (CST) compensation to states.
The minister, even as he is walking the tightrope to contain the government’s fiscal deficit, might propose to clear about a third of states’ Rs 34,000-crore CST dues in the first supplementary demand for grants, to be tabled in the current Parliament session, officials said.
The empowered committee of state finance ministers is to discuss the draft Constitution Amendment Bill for implementation of GST at their meeting on Thursday. Later that day, Jaitley will meet the state FMs and try to reach a broad understanding on crucial issues. That will be against the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Sunday meeting with chief ministers where he emphasised the need for states’ greater role in the proposed body to replace the Planning Commission.
“We have shared the draft Constitution Amendment Bill with the empowered committee. The matter will be handled at the political level now,” said a finance ministry official who did not wish to be named.
Among the states earlier opposed to the proposed GST regime, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat have relented since a Modi-led government took charge at the Centre in May this year. In two other major states, Maharashtra and Haryana, Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party has replaced the Congress at the helm of governments after the recent Assembly polls there. Tamil Nadu was a dissenting state but it is expected to mellow down after the Centre recently gave relief to J Jayalalithaa, chief of the ruling All-India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam there, in an old income-tax case.
Though consuming states will benefit from a destination-based tax, West Bengal might still not extend its support to the Bill easily, given the recent war of words between Mamata Banerjee, that state’s chief minister, and BJP President Amit Shah. It is important for the government to have the Trinamool Congress on its side, as the BJP-led ruling coalition does not have the required number of members to get the Bill passed in the Rajya Sabha.
“States will press their demand to keep fuel outside the ambit of GST. The Centre’s suggestion on keeping petroleum products zero-rated under GST will not work. If petroleum is subsumed, states cannot get CST on inter-state movement. Integrated GST gives revenue to the consuming state, while CST gives it to the originating state,” said a state government official.
ALL ON BOARD?
Among states that were opposing GST earlier, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat have relented since a Modi-led govt came to power at the Centre in May this year
In Maharashtra and Haryana, BJP has replaced Congress at the helm of the state govts after recent polls
Tamil Nadu, another dissenting state, might change stance after the Centre recently gave relief to AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa in an old income-tax case
Bengal could still not extend its support to the Bill easily, given the recent war of words between Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and BJP President Amit Shah
It is important for the govt to have Banerjee’s Trinamool Congress on board, as NDA does not have the required numbers to get the Bill passed in the Rajya Sabha
Though the Centre seems firm on its decision to subsume petroleum and entry taxes in GST, with a provision for first tranche of CST compensation, Jaitley is likely to assure states the Centre will compensate them for three years’ losses under GST as well, even without a provision for that in the Constitution.
After the previous two finance ministers refused to release CST compensation till states extended their cooperation on GST, Jaitley promised to clear the dues over a period of three years.
The central government wants to table the Bill in the current Parliament session, so that GST can be implemented from April 2016. The Bill is important for the government, especially at a time when industry is beginning to complain about the lack of crucial reforms even six months after the change of power at the Centre.
“If they do not present the Constitution Amendment Bill in this session, GST will not happen,” said Harishanker Subramaniam, partner, EY. He, however, added it was equally important to bring out a GST with minimum exemptions. So, petroleum products, property, entry taxes and even alcohol should be subsumed in a GST.
As a robust information technology (IT) infrastructure would be the backbone of GST, as highlighted by the prime minister several times, the finance ministry has also started assessing IT preparedness of states. Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das is planning a meeting on the issue on Wednesday.

http://usat.ly/1ynfyM8Veteran political cortrespondent hosts Sunday morning public-affairs show
Post to Facebook
Candy Crowley exits CNN Veteran political cortrespondent hosts Sunday morning public-affairs show Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A1lOeM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
118
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Candy Crowley exits CNN
Gary Levin , USA TODAY 3:31 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
Candy Crowley, pictured moderating a 2012 presidential debate, is leaving CNN after a 27-year run.
(Photo: Win McNamee, Getty Images)
1156 CONNECT 88 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 118 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Candy Crowley is exiting CNN after a 27-year run.
Network chief Jeff Zucker announced the news Friday in a staff memo that called her a "television icon" and read, in part: "Candy has let us know that she has made the decision to move on, so she can embark on the next chapter of her already prolific career."
Crowley, 65, joined CNN in 1987, and has been chief political correspondent and host of State of the Union, its Sunday morning public-affairs show. She has covered several presidential campaigns and moderated a town-hall debate between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney during the 2012 campaign. The move comes amid buyouts and layoffs at Time Warner that have affected about 300 CNN employees.
No word on her successor.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A1lOeM
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Chinas bull market charges aheadGlobal growth concerns undermine stocks
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a44213b4-7e8d-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uber cabs suffers as driver accused of rape; firm faces criminal negligence caseDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
A 27-year-old woman has accused an Uber cabs driver of rape here on Friday night, while she was on her way home from a night out partying.
The man was arrested today from Mathura even as the US-based cab firm Uber with whom he worked was directed by Delhi police to join its probe – the company is under scanner for the method it uses to run its operations in India.
Cops said that during investigations prime facie it has emerged that criminal negligence was made out on the part of Uber as a number of alleged shortcomings were found on their part as neither the driver was verified nor there was a GPS tracking device in the car.
The police have issued a notice to Uber under section 161 CrPC.
“We have issued them a notice to join investigation. There are norms to operate such cab service set by the Transport Department and we will see whether they were followed or not,” said Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma.
The 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav was apprehended from Mathura on Sunday, his home town, by a team of Delhi Police with the help of their counterparts in Uttar Pradesh for the rape of the financial company executive.
Uber issued a statement, saying that it was providing all help to the police in the investigation.
“Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done,” it said.
Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma revealed that, “The accused (Yadav) has been arrested from Mathura with the help of Uttar Pradesh police. He is being brought to Delhi”.
Yadav, who was driving the Uber cab, allegedly raped the woman at around 9:30 PM on Friday when the victim, who works for a company in Gurgaon, was headed back to Inderlok, north Delhi.
The Uber cab in which the crime took place was owned by Yadav and he was traced through his mobile number and has been handed over to Delhi police.
As a massive search operation involving 12 Delhi police teams was on in Mathura and other parts of Uttar Pradesh to nab the accused, Delhi Police had earlier in the day announced a cash reward of Rs one lakh for his arrest.
According to the Police, Yadav was residing in a rented accommodation in Chandarpuri locality in Mathura and when the police team reached at his residence, he was not found there.
In the evening, the joint team headed by ASP Ajay Pal of Uttar Pradesh Police apprehended the accused from a house at Meer Magan Highway in Mathura which was at a distance of about one km from his rented accommodation.
The police also said that identity of the owner of the house from where Yadav was arrested was yet to be ascertained.
It said Yadav originally hails from Elau police station area of Mainpuri district in Uttar Pradesh.

SpiceJet s dues have declined  says COO Sanjiv KapoorOur dues to vendors have declined: Sanjiv Kapoor
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 12:49 AM IST
The board of SpiceJet airlines will meet today to take stock of the current crisis the airline faces. While SpiceJet chief operating officer Sanjiv Kapoor refuses to disclose whether the promoters are infusing additional capital, he tells Aneesh Phadnis that the airline's payables to vendors have declined, and that he is confident of a revival.
It was reported that SpiceJet’s pending dues to vendors, airports, and lessors exceed Rs 1,600 crore. How does the airline propose to clear it?
This is a misconception. Our total payables to vendors is significantly less than that. Our dues have actually declined since June this year.
SpiceJet’s board is meeting today (Monday) to take stock of the situation. Are the promoters planning more infusion? The sense one gets is that the airline will collapse if infusion is not made urgently...
This is a routine update meeting. I have no further comments at this point.
Even now there is a mismatch (of Rs 5-10 crore) between actual revenue earned daily and revenue that would be required to meet costs and pay pending dues. The restriction on bookings beyond 30 days will impact it further. What is the update on discussions with the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA)?
Without commenting on specific revenues, any closure of bookings 30 days and beyond will be counter-productive, as 30-35 per cent of our revenues comes from bookings beyond 30 days. Reducing that at this stage is not helpful as it makes that much harder to meet expenses, and we will be discussing our concerns with the DGCA.
It is said the airline has been defaulting on loan principal and interest payments to Export Development Canada for the Bombardier Q400 planes, prompting the Canadian government to intervene in the matter. Similarly, payments to lessors and banks have been delayed and briefly the airline’s account was frozen by the lenders till dues were realised...
This rumour regarding Canadian intervention is false, and the civil aviation minister himself said today (Monday) that there was no truth in that. Other payments are privileged info, though we want to place on record that we have cleared all service taxes as well as TDS (tax deducted at source) for FY14.
According to a media report, SpiceJet has told the government an investor will be finalised in six weeks. Can you share an update?
I cannot comment on specifics. This is all speculation.
The airline is said to have requested airport operators on moratorium in payments. Is there an update on that?
We are in an inter-dependent industry and help each other in terms of need. We have a cooperative relationship with airports.  When we had the buffalo incident in Surat, many media asked if we would ask Airport Authority of India (AAI) for damages, and we said ‘Of course not!’.  We are partners in Indian aviation, we don’t do things to hurt one another.  AAI and all airports have benefited significantly from the demand stimulation and year-over-year growth in passenger numbers catalysed by SpiceJet.  Even if the fare is low, airport fees remain the same and the increased passenger count benefits the airports significantly. We are in a mutually dependent, symbiotic relationship.

Chinas bull market charges aheadGlobal growth concerns undermine stocks
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a44213b4-7e8d-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ordinary investor makes Rs 1.75 cr from stocks. Here s how you can too | ET WealthYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Here's how you can make big money from small stock investments
Sanjay Kumar Singh, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 04.59PM IST
Tags:
equities
(A small tribe of retail investors…)
Retail investors tend to be very consistent in the way they play the stock market. They usually enter when everybody else is getting ready to leave. Their investment decisions are based on tips from brokers, friends and experts on television shows. They don't research the stocks they buy, nor do they diversify their portfolios. They also tend to sell off their winners early and hold on to losers endlessly. Little wonder that for most retail investors, the stock market is a zero sum game.
However, there are also small investors who have made extraordinary gains from stock investments. No, we don't mean only the lucky ones who invested in the Infosys IPO in 1993. A small but growing tribe of small investors is taking pains to understand the fundamentals of investing before entering the markets. They scour annual reports of companies and go through analysts' reports on stocks. They don't have knee-jerk reactions and buy only when valuations are attractive. They are also patient and hold stocks for longer durations, booking profits when they rebalance their portfolios or when the target price is achieved.
This week's cover story showcases eight such ordinary investors who have made extraordinary gains from stocks. These investors look at the fundamentals before they buy and follow most of the sound practices that ET Wealth advocates. It's not as if these investors have not committed mistakes. However, instead of getting disheartened, they have learnt from the errors to script their success stories.
HIS WINNERS
MRPL, Capital First, Sun Pharma, Page Industries, HDFC Equity and HDFC Prudence.
HIS MISTAKES
He should have been more patient with his investments. In 2003-4, he had bought many stocks via IPOs. Unfortunately, he sold them when their prices went up 3-4 times. Now the prices of those stocks are up 18-20 times.
HIS STRATEGY
He took classes on equity investment. Now, he consults websites, follows blogs and investment newsletters. He looks at the track record of the company promoters and avoids fly-bynight operators. He first makes small investments and slowly scales up his holdings.
 
Meet S.G. Raja Sekharan, 52, who has been dabbling in stocks for nearly 25 years. When he started, he had no knowledge of investing and bought stocks recommended by his broker. He lost money in the crash that followed the Harshad Mehta scam in 1992. For most small investors, the loss would have meant turning away from equity investments for good to avoid losing more money. Raja Sekharan, on the other hand, tore away from the ordinary and built a mini-library of books on value investing. Armed with knowledge, he returned to the stock market in 2001 and his portfolio has consistently beaten the Sensex since then. In the past year, his portfolio has grown 67%, compared to the 34% rise in the Sensex.
HIS WINNERS
HDFC Bank, Gruh Finance, L&T, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Crisil, Havells India, Asian Paints, BHEL, Jubilant Foods, Maruti and Swaraj Engines.
HIS MISTAKES
He first dabbled in stocks in 1991-92, but did not know anything about investing in equities. Lost money in the market crash that followed the Harshad Mehta scam.
HIS STRATEGY
In his second innings, he took the pains to learn about the basics of stock investing. He follows the investment approach outlined in Mary Buffett's book, Buffettology. He invests for the long term. He has short-listed companies which he believes have long-term moats.
HIS WINNERS
Ajanta Pharma, AIA Engineering, Kaveri Seeds, VST Tillers, Mayur Uniquoters, Alembic Pharma, Suven Life Sciences and Atul Auto.
HIS MISTAKES
Initially, he invested only in large-caps in welldiscovered IT stocks, which were picked randomly. His selection procedure was superficial, mostly based on what he had heard on TV.
HIS STRATEGY
He buys stocks with strong growth prospects. However, he picks them only when they are available at attractive valuations. His investment style incorporates the best of growth and value investing approaches. He prefers to hold 10-15 stocks in his portfolio.
 
Symphony, TVS Srichakra, Astral Poly Technik, CanFin Homes, Mayur Uniquoter and Kaveri Seeds.
HIS MISTAKES
A serious investor, he has learnt, should never try to make money by trading in the markets. Instead, one should build a corpus steadily over a period of time both via SIPs and by investing surplus funds as and when they become available. "Keeping an eye on the company's fundamentals is also critical," he says.
HIS STRATEGY
Ramachandran picks value stocks from the mid- and small-cap space and growth stocks from the largecap domain. When the fundamentals of a stock deteriorate, he exits it. He also exits stocks when he is overweight in equities and needs to pare his exposure to his pre-determined level of asset allocation. Among mutual funds, exits are determined by the fund's performance vis-a-vis that of its category.
HIS WINNERS

Milan uses telematics to curb traffic jams© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2963c26a-7ca7-11e4-b944-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Clarke fit for first Test  Hughes named  13th manClarke fit for first Test  Hughes named  13th man
Selena Gomez fan of JenniferAnistonPosted: December 8, 2014 12:47 pm
Singer-actress Selena Gomez admits she is a huge fan of former ‘Friends’ actress Jennifer Aniston.
The 22-year-old ‘Spring Breakers’ star met her at a screening of Aniston’s new movie ‘Cake’.
“I have not only been following her career as a fan since I was 8 and now get to watch her completely transform in her new movie CAKE, I have gotten to have real conversations with such a real heart, made my entire year. #cake #goseeit (sic),” Gomez wrote on her facebook page.
The pair were seen chatting together during a party hosted by Perrier-Jouet And Cinelou Films to celebrate Anniston’s drama film, in which she plays a woman who manages her chronic pain with illegal drugs.

Would love to see Mitchell Johnson bowl a bouncer first ball of the Test match: RickyPontingBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:35 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 5:26 pm
Phillip Hughes’ unfortunate death notwithstanding, Former Australian captain Ricky Ponting feels the team’s pacers should not shy away from using the bouncer in the Test series against India starting tomorrow, insisting that the delivery is part of cricket’s fabric.
Ponting said he would “love to see Mitchell Johnson run in and bowl a bouncer first ball of the Test match”.
Hughes passed away last month after being hit on the head by a bouncer during a domestic match.
“I don’t want to see anyone get hurt. But the bouncer’s part of the fabric of the game, and if they’re not playing in the aggressive way they did last summer then they’re not actually playing in what I believe is the spirit of Test match cricket,” Ponting wrote in ‘ESPNCricinfo’.
“If I was batting against them (Johnson and co in the nets) I’d want to be bounced, because you’re going to get that in the Test,” the former skipper wrote.
Ponting said Australia have set a high standard when it comes to Test cricket and the team cannot afford to mellow down.
“Australia can’t lose sight of the fact that last summer they established a brand of cricket that will be very hard to beat at home.
“What Michael Clarke, Darren Lehmann and the players put together against England stands as a real blueprint for how they want to play their Test cricket, especially in home conditions.
“They forged an identity for themselves as a team and the way they wanted to go about playing their cricket. It’s important they build on that and continue to play the hard-nosed, aggressive Australian way.” Ponting said.

Byculla zoo lioness dies inMumbaiBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:34 pm
Once the star attraction of the Byculla zoo, Jimmy, the 16-year-old African-Asiatic hybrid, died early Monday morning at the Veer Jijamata Bhonsale Udyan zoo at Byculla.
Jimmy was taken off display from public view and confined to the zoo’s in-house quarantine area for several years as she is suffering from arthritis and paraplegia.
“She had begun walking around, but she succumbed to her disease this morning. The post-mortem will reveal the exact cause of death, said Dr Sanjay Tripathi, veterinarian and deputy superintendent of the zoo.
The last surviving big cat Jimmy was born at the zoo to an African lion Amar and Asiatic lioness Anita on March 28, 1998.

Kejriwal says brakes  clutch of AAP bus working fineNew York, December 8, 2014
Updated: December 8, 2014 12:44 IST
Kejriwal says brakes, clutch of AAP bus working fine
PTI
politics
Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday assured his supporters in the U.S. that he will not repeat the “mistake” of resigning if the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) returns to power in Delhi and dismissed the notion that the party is falling apart, saying the brakes and clutch of his AAP bus are working fine.
Mr. Kejriwal acknowledged to AAP volunteers and supporters during a meeting in New York that the party made a “wrong political assessment” of resigning 49 days after coming to power in Delhi.
“At that time we had thought that if we resign, there will be elections soon” and the party would come back stronger,” Mr. Kejriwal told AAP volunteers.
“This was a wrong political assessment that was a mistake. This time we will not resign,” he said.
Mr. Kejriwal also hit out at those saying that the party is falling apart since its leaders like Shazia Illmi have left.
“Efforts are being made to confuse people. But the brakes and clutch of the Aam Aadmi Party bus are working fine and the driver knows the way, have faith in the driver,” he said.
Kejriwal also took a potshot at those criticising him for travelling in business-class or for wearing a branded sweater, saying that a lot of things that AAP does will be over-hyped. .
“BJP has no agenda today. We say will we will open 20 new colleges in Delhi and the BJP says it will not let girls wear jeans. We say we will put CCTV cameras across the city for the protection of women, BJP will say it will not let people celebrate Valentine’s Day. That is the difference between the two parties,” he said.

Sensex Falls 200 Points As IT Stocks SlideYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Consolidates Amid Choppy Trade; IT Stocks Drag
NDTV | Updated On: December 08, 2014 13:54 (IST)
Motherson Sumi's German Acquisition to Be EPS Accretive
The Sensex and Nifty continue to consolidate amid range bound trade on Monday. The Nifty traded in a range of 32 points while the Sensex was restricted within a 120-point range.
IT stocks continued to drag the benchmark indices. Infosys, which has the second highest weightage in Nifty, traded over 3 per cent lower. Four of Infosys founders have reportedly sold 3.2 crore shares in the company. ( Read full story here )
Other IT stocks like TCS and HCL Technology were also down between one to two per cent.
Coal India was the top gainer in Nifty, up 2.3 per cent. Analysts say the good response to SAIL disinvestment augurs well for Coal India and ONGC, which are next in line for disinvestment. ONGC traded 0.3 per cent higher.
DLF, Asian Paints, and Zee Entertainment were among other Nifty gainers today.
Although the benchmark indices were down, the broader indices traded with marginal gains. The CNX Midcap index was up 0.1 per cent. Thermax hit a fresh 52-week high of Rs 1,132 after company said it won a repeat order worth Rs 351 crore from a leading African industrial major.
Ranbaxy gained over 2 per cent after the company said that a US court has ruled in its favour in an antitrust litigation.
The market breadth remained positive. Out of the 2,487 shares traded on the BSE, 1,262 shares advanced while 1,120 shares declined.
As of 11.15 a.m. the Sensex traded 73 points lower at 28,384 while the Nifty was down 21 points at 8,517.
Story first published on: December 08, 2014 13:54 (IST)

Stores Looted During Protests in BerkeleyHELP
[{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","description":"Up close and personal to a few of China's Giant Pandas, live from Bifengxia, the largest panda reserve and research center in the world.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Kejriwal: Will not quit if AAP returns to power in DelhiA file image of AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal
New York, Dec 8:  
Arvind Kejriwal today assured his supporters in the US that he will not repeat the “mistake” of resigning if the Aam Aadmi Party returns to power in Delhi and dismissed the notion that the party is falling apart, saying the brakes and clutch of his AAP bus are working fine.
Kejriwal, who had a packed schedule in the city yesterday, acknowledged to AAP volunteers and supporters during a meeting here that the party made a “wrong political assessment” of resigning 49 days after coming to power in Delhi in a stunning debut last year.
The 46-year-old Kejriwal assured volunteers that he will not repeat the mistake as he asked for support ahead of the elections due in Delhi.
“At that time we had thought that if we resign, there will be elections soon” and the party would come back stronger,” the AAP founder told about 200 volunteers wearing the trademark white cap and holding banners and placards.
Kejriwal said the party had not thought that elections would not be conducted and that President’s rule would be imposed in the city that would go on for about 11 months.
“This was a wrong political assessment, that was a mistake. This time we will not resign,” he said.
Kejriwal also hit out at those saying that the party is falling apart since its leaders like Shazia Ilmi have left.
He said people have been saying that the party is falling apart because its leaders are leaving. He said people don’t acknowledge that while only one person has left the party, thousands of volunteers have joined it.
“Efforts are being made to confuse people. But the brakes and clutch of the Aam Aadmi Party bus are working fine and the driver knows the way, have faith in the driver,” he said, adding that people keep joining and leaving a company, party or an organisation for various reasons.
Kejriwal also took a potshot at those criticising him for travelling in business class or for wearing a branded sweater, saying that a lot of things that AAP does will be over-hyped. .
“Why does he travel in business class, from where did he get an Adidas sweater,” he said amid laughs from the crowd.
“BJP has no agenda today. We say we will open 20 new colleges in Delhi and the BJP says it will not let girls wear jeans. We say we will put CCTV cameras across the city for the protection of women, BJP will say it will not let people celebrate Valentine’s day. That is the difference between the two parties,” he said.
When asked why he had resigned from his post of Chief Minister, Kejriwal said if AAP had secured full majority in the last elections, “we would not have resigned at any cost.
“We joined politics for systemic changes. We did a lot of good work in the 49 days. We provided good governance but we could not change the system,” he said adding that in order to bring systemic changes the party needed majority in the legislature.
Kejriwal said in hindsight, he feels the party should have consulted the people before taking the decision to resign.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Chana climbs by 1.4% on upsurge in spot demandChana climbs by 1.4% on upsurge in spot demand
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 12:25 PM IST
Supported by rising demand in spot markets, chana prices rose sharply by Rs 42, or 1.41% to, Rs 3,026 per quintal in futures trade today as speculators enlarged positions.
At the National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange, chana for delivery in December shot up by Rs 42, or 1.41% to Rs 3,026 per quintal with an open interest of 64,650 lots.
Similarly, the commodity for delivery in January next year moved up by Rs 39, or 1.28% to Rs 3,082 per quintal in 79,050 lots.
Analysts said speculators enlarged positions on the back of rising demand in spot markets.
Chana prices rose in spot markets on limited arrivals from producing belts.

Delhi polls: AAP to fight very powerful forces only with clean money  saysKejriwalBy: Press Trust of India | New York |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:10 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 3:54 pm
Declaring that the fight in the upcoming Delhi elections will be directly between AAP and the BJP, Arvind Kejriwal has said Aam Admi Party would contest the polls against “very powerful forces” only with “clean money”.
Addressing hundreds of AAP volunteers and supporters gathered here, Kejriwal said in the previous election, AAP was taken lightly by its opponents who felt since the party is new, it would not be able to garner more than 3-4 seats but the party emerged victorious with 28 seats.
“This time we are against very powerful forces. This time the fight is directly between the BJP and AAP. BJP has a lot of money, it has every kind of money,” Kejriwal said, adding, AAP does not want to fight the elections with black money.
“AAP is the only party which is fighting for clean politics and corruption-free India and I would encourage all of you to donate to the party because we want clean money,” Kejriwal told PTI after rallying AAP volunteers and supporters who had travelled from Washington, Boston, Chicago and other US cities to meet the party leader.
Kejriwal, 46, said there is excitement in the party as it vies for the people’s mandate to govern Delhi once again, after he resigned from the post of Chief Minister following a 49-day stint in power. “The hearts of all Indians working here beat for India,” he said, adding “they feel very strongly for India. They want corruption free India”.
He said it will not be difficult to arrange crores of black money and use it to fund the elections but his party has decided not to use black money. Urging Indians living in the US to donate generously to the party, he said, “We will fight elections with less money but the party would only use money obtained honestly.”
“Please encourage as many people as you can to donate money,” Kejriwal said, asking the diaspora to make 10 calls a day to people in Delhi encouraging them to vote for the party. During a packed day in the city, Kejriwal also met supporters at a local Gurudwara before heading to a hotel in Times Square to address AAP volunteers.
He then spoke to students and faculty of the prestigious Columbia University at a closed-door event organised by the School of International and Public Affairs. Columbia students, who attended the session, later said there was a mixed reaction to Kejriwal’s address with some expressing hope in him and his party and others voicing their concerns over his resignation from the post of Chief Minister even after winning the elections.
“There were people who were excited about his ideas while others voiced continued…

Police intensify search operation after suspected Maoist attack in Keralas WayanaddistrictWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:06 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 2:24 pm
Police have intensified search operations in the forest regions in North Kerala’s Wayanad district following Sunday’s exchange of fire between police and suspected Maoist activists. On Sunday evening, police had fired several rounds at a Maoist gang in a forest tract under Vellamunda police limits in Wayanad.
Since the above-stated forest belt is situated close to forest regions in Kozhikode and Kannur districts, police forces from those districts too are engaged in the combing operations in their respective areas, police said.
Kerala’s special police force, Thunderbolt, is assisted by local police. As last night’s search drew nothing, more forces have joined the operation on Monday morning.
Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala told the state assembly that the police were equipped to tackle Maoist menace. “The Maoists have concentrated in the forest region which is a tri-junction of Kerala, Tamil Nadu, and Karnataka. Hence, the necessity of a combined operation would be raised with home ministers in other two states.”
Chennithala said the Maoists had fired at the police while they were on a routine combing operation.
A tribal youth at Chapra colony at Vellamunda told TV channels that he had heard gunshots from the neighbouring forest region on Sunday evening. Local people at Chapra claimed that strange persons used to visit their colony, which do not have basic facilities. They said Maoists were trying to cash in on the poverty and underdevelopment in the colony.
Sunday’s gunshots and reported Maoist activity in the region suddenly spurred the people to think about development. On Monday, people at Chapra waylaid people’s representatives of local village panchayat as protest against their failure to bring in development.
Although police and intelligence agencies confirm Maoist presence in North Kerala districts of Malappuram, Kozhikode, Wayanad, Kannur and Attappadi tribal belt in Palakkad, so far they could not nab anyone.
There has been a pattern for Maoist story in Kerala. Four or five men would troop into a tribal hamlet. They would lecture against government machinery and would leave after taking rice and some other basic provisions. They would also distribute some leaflets containing Maoist stuff.
As the report reaches them, police would rush to the tribal area, where the Maoists had visited, and start a combing operation. Police would show photographs of few Maoists leaders to the tribal men or farmers and police would claim that these local men had recognized the strangers as dreaded Maoists, who are facing lookout notices. After search for a day or two, they would return to the camp empty handed.
A few days later or a few weeks later, a similar drama would be heard from another village in North Kerala. In many occasions, several innocent persons had been suspected as Maoists and detained by police. Last year, a teacher working at tribal school at Nilambur in Malappuram had gone to Dalit colonies to inform them about an event in the school. She distributed some notices in the colonies. As the report about the outsider distributing notices at tribal colony spread, police rushed to the spot only to face the embarrassing continued…

For kids with autism  a flight to easestressPrint
Nathaniel Epstein, 14, smiles as he sits in his seat on an airplane at the Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport, Saturday, Dec. 6, 2014, in Linthicum, Md., during Wings for Autism, an airport rehearsal for children with autism spectrum disorders, their families and aviation officials. Families took part in a typical airport experience, from check-in and security to boarding a plane, with the intention of alleviating some of the stress of air travel for children with autism. (Source: AP)
By: AP | Linthicum |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:03 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 1:10 pm
With boarding passes in hand, children with autism spectrum disorders and their families took part in an air travel rehearsal at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. Fifty families experienced a typical day at an airport, from check-in and security to receiving peanuts and pretzels from flight attendants onboard a Southwest Airlines jet for a 30-minute simulated “flight” that never left the gate.
Rehearsals like this one originated with a Massachusetts-based chapter of The Arc, an advocacy organization for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities and their families. The goal is to alleviate some of the stress of air travel for children with autism.
Malkia Wageed, left, looks at airplanes with her son, Tylee Lynn, 12, at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. (Source : AP)
 
Xavier Perry, 5, looks out of an airplane window at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. (Source : AP)
 
Carolina Harp points out a boarding pass to her son Tomas, 7, as her son Mateo, 9, who is autistic, plays a video game after they checked in at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport, (Source : AP)
 
Jennifer Langley follows her son, Elliott Tillman, 4, on a moving walkway at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. (Source : AP)
 
Cameron Vinson, 11, raises his arms as he stands in a body scanner at a security checkpoint at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. (Source : AP)
 
Monica Sanjur reads with her son, Patxi Uy, 11, as they wait at their boarding gate at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. (Source : AP)
 

Lana Del Rey working on thirdalbumBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:54 pm
Singer Lana Del Rey, who released second record less than six months ago, has started working on her third album.
The 29-year-old singer has completed writing sons for Tim Burton’s film ‘Big Eyes’, reported Contactmusic.
“Yeah, I just wrote two songs for Tim Burton and Harvey Weinstein’s film called ‘Big Eyes’ and I’m working on a new record,” she replied, when asked if she was working on something new.
“I’m also always writing small pieces for independent films etc. Dan Heath and Rick Nowels (the producers of her second album ‘Ultraviolence’) are two of my dearest friends and producers and we are always up to something,” she added.

Sensex slips over 250 points; top 20 betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex in red; top 20 intraday trading bets from top experts
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 03.29PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(Sensex slipped as much as…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped over 350 points in intraday trade on Monday, led by losses in Infosys, TCS, Dr Reddy's Laboratories and L&T.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under bit of pressure and was trading below its crucial psychological support level of 8,500, weighed by losses in IT, realty, banks and consumer durable stocks. The index also broke below its 20-DMA level placed around 8,452 levels.
At 3:29 pm, the Sensex was at 28,107.44; down 350.66 points.
The Nifty was at 8,434.15; down 104.15 points.
Infosys plunged as much as 4.8 per cent in trade, after media reports suggested that four of its founders are seeking to raise about $1.1 billion by selling stakes in the IT outsourcing company.
The founders are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of 1,988 Indian rupees ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 0.87 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged lower by 0.86 per cent.
ITC (up 1.3 per cent), Coal India (up 1.7 per cent), Bharti Airtel (up 0.9 per cent), Sun Pharma (up 0.75 per cent) and HDFC (up 0.5 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Infosys (down 4.7 per cent), TCS (down 2.3 per cent), BHEL (down 2.6 per cent), Hindalco (down 2.6 per cent) and Sesa Sterlite (down 2.6 per cent) were the major index losers.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Gruh Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 265 and a stop loss of Rs 250
SRF Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 915 and a stop loss of Rs 890
REC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 315 and a stop loss of Rs 331
UPL is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 335
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 377 and a stop loss of Rs 356
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2540 and a stop loss of Rs 2621
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 111 and a stop loss of Rs 99
TCS Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2460 and a stop loss of Rs 2570
Sandeep Wagle , Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 375 and a stop loss of Rs 359
Punjab national Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1170 and a stop loss of Rs 1110
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1530 and a stop loss of Rs 1585
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Amruntanjan Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 550 and a stop loss of Rs 488
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 370 and a stop loss of Rs 358
Punjab National Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1160 and a stop loss of Rs 1120
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 106 and a stop loss of Rs 100
Sameet Chavan, Technical Analyst - Angel Broking
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1220 and a stop loss of Rs 1142
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2460
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 3050 and a stop loss of Rs 3206
Siddhartha Chatterjee, Trustline Securities
Eicher Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 15480 and a stop loss of Rs 15200
BEL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2900 and a stop loss of Rs 2800
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

SAARC nations should be sensitive on securityBorder
(The Minister said that SAARC…)
NEW DELHI: In a veiled attack on Pakistan, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj today termed terrorism as one of the most serious challenges facing South Asia and said it can be tackled only when every country recognises that there are "no good or bad terrorists".
Underlining that all terrorists "are the same", Swaraj said SAARC countries must remain sensitive to each other's security concerns and should neither encourage nor undertake any activity that might be detrimental to the security and welfare of the neighbour.
"Only then can we create a genuine, cooperative, South Asian security community," she asserted in comments that came amid increasing attacks by Pakistani militants in Jammu and Kashmir that have claimed the lives of 14 Army personnel in less than a month.
The Army and security agencies believe that the militants came from across the border.
Talking about economic growth and social progress in the region, she said it is possible only in a peaceful and secure environment.
"Terrorism is one of the most serious challenges facing the entire South Asian region and it can only be dealt with when each one of us recognises that there are no good terrorists and bad terrorists. They are all the same," she said in her address at an event organised by South Asian University here.
Pakistan has been accused of playing favourites when it comes to tackling terror. While it is taking action against Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan terrorists, terror groups inimical to India have been nurtured.
"As neighbours we must remain sensitive to each other's security concerns and neither encourage nor undertake any activity that might be detrimental to the security and welfare of the neighbour," she said.
"It is equally important to ensure that we fulfil our international and regional obligations in terms of denying sanctuary, funding and training support to non-state actors, terrorists and criminals," Swaraj said.
The Minister said that SAARC nations must also strengthen defences against illicit narcotics, fake currency, weapons smuggling, human trafficking and cyber crime.
"We must work together to neutralise the threats posed to each other by sharing resources and intelligence and data about extremists and terrorist outfits. Only then can we create a genuine, cooperative, South Asian security community," she said.
Talking about need for regional connectivity and trade, Swaraj said India had hoped to sign the SAARC Motor Vehicle and SAARC Railway Agreements at the recent Summit.
"Unfortunately, however, this was not to be. SAARC Transport Ministers would now be meeting within three months to finalise and approve these two agreements for signature," she said.
She recalled Prime Minister Narendra Modi's words to highlight the need for connectivity.
"As Prime Minister pointed out, goods travel from one Punjab to the other Punjab (in Pakistan) through Delhi, Mumbai, Dubai and Karachi, making the journey eleven times longer and the cost four times more," she said.
With reductions in tariff and non-tariff barriers, intra-regional trade could be enhanced by as much as 250 per cent of the current level, with much of the gain flowing to the smaller members of SAARC, she said.
She noted that while regional economic integration has already achieved remarkable successes in Europe, South East Asia, and elsewhere, SAARC region seems to have been left behind.
The problem is that our land, air and maritime connectivity is still very tenuous, she said.
The reasons she listed were weak transport connectivity, complex procedures of customs clearances at the border , limited crossing points for entry of goods, onerous and costly trans-shipment requirements, and inefficiencies in the payment systems.
Swaraj said another area where SAARC can make a huge difference is energy.
She said the region's per capita consumption of power is among the lowest in the world and as much as thirty per cent of the region's energy demands are met through imports.
At the same time, the presence of natural gas in Bangladesh, coal and petroleum products in India and hydro-power in Nepal and Bhutan provides a basis for regionally integrated energy cooperation, she said.
Swaraj stressed on the need to harness conventional and renewable sources of energy such as solar, wind and hydropower.
"We also need to build inter-connected transmission grids and forge effective power trading agreements in hydro-power, petroleum products, bulk electricity, natural gas and coal," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uber driver was arrested in  11 rape case | ...Uber cab driver was arrested in 2011 rape case, spent 7 months in prison
By TNN | 8 Dec, 2014, 09.50AM IST
According to police, Shiv Kumar Yadav spent seven months in Delhi's Tihar jail in connection with a sexual assault case but was acquitted later.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Delhi Police on Monday revealed that the rape accused Uber cab driver is a repeat offender and was arrested in a sexual assault case in 2011.
According to police, Shiv Kumar Yadav spent seven months in Delhi's Tihar jail in connection with a sexual assault case but was acquitted later.
Yadav, the 32-year-old cab driver accused of raping the woman working with a global tax consultancy and advisory firm on Saturday night, was arrested on Sunday after an unflagging search operation that involved a chase through the streets of Mathura and ended with the police busting a house in which the accused had holed up.
Yadav is married to his brother's widow. He has two daughters and a stepson. While his wife and daughters stay in Mathura, the boy stays with Yadav's brother in Delhi. Yadav has been a cab driver in Delhi for a few years now.
Sources said he has confessed to the crime during interrogation but has shown little remorse. "Galti ho gayi saab, kya karoon ab (I committed a mistake. What do I do now)," he told an interrogator.
The police have also sent a notice to the rideshare service Uber to join investigations and explain the "lapses and negligence" in its operation which has drawn the attention of investigators.
A source in the probe team told TOI that the police had zeroed in on Yadav on Sunday afternoon after ascertaining his presence through a local tip-off. Special commissioner (law and order) Deepak Mishra said that his team had carried out the operation to apprehend Yadav at 6pm through "scientific identification and investigation procedures" involving local intelligence.
Yadav was accompanied by a friend and was apparently heading to a safer hideout after collecting money when the teams closed in on him around 6pm. Yadav spotted the police team and ran through the streets to dodge them. However, three teams led by ACP Devesh Mahla, ACP Subhash Tandon and SHO Anil Dureja zeroed in on him from three directions.
Yadav entered a random house and locked himself. He was apparently looking for a hostage when Dureja's team broke open the door and pinned him down on the floor. He was overpowered and frisked for weapons or poison that he may be carrying and was subsequently placed under arrest.
He was produced before a magistrate and is being brought to Delhi amidst heavy security on a production warrant. He will be produced before a Delhi court on Monday.
AAP workers staged a protest outside home minister Rajnath Singh's residence against the rape of the woman executive in Delhi. The protesters, who were questioning government's lack of action and the safety of women in the national capital, were forcibly evicted by the police.

LIVE: Modi Promises Basic Facilities and Education in JLIVE: Modi Promises Basic Facilities and Education in J
Indian economy to see fastest  USD nominal growth  in world in 2015 - Credit SuisseIndian economy to see fastest  USD nominal growth  in world in 2015 - Credit Suisse
SBI To Decide On $1 Bn Adani Loan In 3 MonthsSBI To Decide On $1 Bn Adani Loan In 3 Months
Sensex falls over 100 points in noon tradeSensex falls over 100 points in noon trade
Infosys hits one-month low as promoters offload sharesInfosys hits one-month low as promoters offload shares
Most CMs in favour of Plan Panel revampMost CMs in favour of Plan Panel revamp
Auto Wiring Harness Market Size at $43.5 Billion in 2015  Forecasts a New Global and China Industry Research..Auto Wiring Harness Market Size at $43.5 Billion in 2015  Forecasts a New Global and China Industry Research..
Around 100 AAP supporters held outside Rajnath s residenceAround 100 AAP supporters held outside Rajnath s residence
Sensex falls 200 points as IT stocks declineSensex falls 200 points as IT stocks decline
Switzerland expects to sign FTA with India soonDec 08, 2014, 01.25 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Switzerland expects to sign FTA with India soon
From April 2000 to June 2014, Switzerland invested approximately USD 2.85 billion in India, thus becoming the tenth largest investor
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Switzerland expects to sign FTA with India soon
From April 2000 to June 2014, Switzerland invested approximately USD 2.85 billion in India, thus becoming the tenth largest investor
Post your opinion here
 
Bullish about its companies making huge investments in India, Switzerland expects the long-delayed Free Trade Agreement between the two countries to be signed soon.
"A lot of progress has been made since formation of new government under leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in India and we are hopeful of signing the agreement soon," Switzerland's Ambassador to India Linus von Castelmur said.
"Both the countries have been negotiating on FTA since 2007. The process was delayed due to elections in India earlier this year," Castelmur told PTI in an interview here.
Castelmur, who was here to give Swiss Ambassador's Award for 'inspirational and socially responsible leadership' to Wipro Chairman Azim Premji, said the trade between the two countries are on growth path.
"From April 2000 to June 2014, Switzerland invested approximately USD 2.85 billion in India, thus becoming the tenth largest investor.
"As a large part of foreign direct investment in India, is routed through other countries, the actual direct investment in India is much higher," he said, while pegging the overall Swiss investment inflows into India at above USD 7 billion till June 2014.
While the focus with regard to Switzerland mostly remains on suspected black money stashed by Indians in Swiss banks, the trade between two countries remains significant and a large number of companies from the Alpine nation have been present here for years.
More than 200 Swiss companies have presence in India through their own subsidiaries and joint ventures. Some of them include Nestle , ABB , Holcim, Clariant  and Novartis . Besides, at least 120 Indian firms are present in Switzerland.
Many Indian companies carry out business development, client servicing and trading activities from Switzerland and focus on Swiss strength in R&D is steadily gaining interest. India also remains an important market for Swiss Tourism.
As per Switzerland government data, Swiss enterprises have created over one lakh jobs in India and the business relations between the two countries go back to 1851.
Indian companies invested USD 1.2 billion between 2012 and 2014 in Switzerland, placing it among the top five European investment destinations and top-ten places globally. The Swiss-India bilateral trade nearly tripled from USD 1.6 billion in 2004 to USD 4.5 billion in 2011. However, Swiss exports to India has declined in recent years due to adverse currency rate movements and slowdown in the Indian economy.
While Swiss export to India has declined in the first three quarters of 2014, the Indian exports to the Alpine nation continued to soar in 2012 and 2013, as also in the first three quarters of 2014.
The major products that Switzerland exports to India include pharmaceuticals, machinery, transport equipments, chemical products and watches. On the other hand, India mainly exports textiles, pearls, jewellery, metal product and agricultural products to Switzerland.
RELATED NEWS

Gold gold gold 1202 1202 1202Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Pvd can comment on that. i remember quite some time back he mentioned ...Platinum Member
106 Followers
they will not make any money.if once they make next time they loose.net result they will not make any thing.only brokers stand to gain if they do trading in deccan.patience normally pays
In reply to : ssssssss message
1.18 PM Dec 8th

It was 340 cr as per fy14 annual report and they received order worthy...Platinum Member
539 Followers
It was 340 cr as per fy14 annual report and they received order worthy 56cr few days book.. So It comes at 396cr..
In reply to : rohitjain0001 message
1.30 PM Dec 8th

HCL Infosystems MD & CEO Chitale quitsHCL Infosystems MD & CEO Chitale quits
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 8:  
HCL Infosystems has informed the BSE that Harshavardhan Madhav Chitale has resigned as Managing Director & CEO and as Director of the company with effect from close of business hours of December 31, 2014.
The board on December 8 approved his resignation.
Further, the company said Premkumar Seshadri, Director and Executive Vice-Chairman, has been appointed Managing Director with effect from January 1, 2015 and that his designation on taking charge would be Executive Vice-Chairman & Managing Director.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

BHEL commissions hydro power plant in RwandaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
BHEL commissions hydro power plant in Rwanda
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 8:  
Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (BHEL) has commissioned a 28-MW hydro power plant in Rwanda on a turnkey basis.
This is the first order for BHEL from Rwanda. With the commissioning of the project, the installed generation capacity of Rwanda has gone up 24 per cent from 119 MW to 147 MW.
In a communication to the stock exchanges, BHEL said the Nyaborongo hydro-electric project is owned by the Rwanda Government and financed under the Government of India’s line of credit.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Ilan Levanon named CEO of crop protection solutions firm Adama IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Ilan Levanon named CEO of crop protection solutions firm Adama India
K V Kurmanath 
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec. 8:  
Adama, the Israeli crop protection solutions firm, has appointed Ilan Levanon as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Adama India. He will take charge in January.
His predecessor Goldshmidt will begin his new role as Vice-President of India, West Asia and Africa. He, however, will continue to be the Chairman of Adama India.
Name change
Makhteshim-Agan India, an arm of the Israeli crop protection solutions firm, has changed its name to Adama, which means earth in Hebrew.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Meet Atari s Pong: the father of video games«Back
Meet Atari's Pong: the father of video games
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
In 1972, Atari releases Pong, the video game that pioneered an entire industry. This is the story of how three men and a bar launched the video game industry. Bloomberg Businessweek chronicles the most disruptive ideas of the past 85 years
Top Stories

How Starbucks s Howard Schultz changed the coffee world«Back
How  Starbucks's Howard Schultz changed the coffee world
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
In 1971, Starbucks Coffee opens in Seattle's Pike Place Market. CEO Howard Schultz gave American coffee a story and a lifestyle, taking it out of the kitchen and putting it onto almost every corner in America.  Bloomberg Businessweek chronicles the most disruptive ideas of the past 85 years.
Top Stories

Myths made reality  bizarre claims made for ancient India s achievementsMyths made reality, bizarre claims made for ancient India's achievements
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 04, 2014
First Published: 21:11 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 02:40 IST(5/12/2014)
Comments
India conducted a nuclear test centuries ago; cow urine can cure diabetes and ancient India was adept at genetics and plastic surgery. These and more such incredible achievements datelined ancient India have come from votaries of Hindu culture.
If people with scientific temper are reaching boiling point, in the absence of technology to go back in time to ancient India for verification trips, little noise is being heard from their quarters.
Here is a sample of what is being claimed as 'Indian science'.
Nuking reason
File photo of Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank. (AFP Photo)
The world acknowledges India has conducted two sets nuclear tests: in 1974 and 1998. Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank, BJP MP from Haridwar and former Uttarakhand chief minister, disagrees. "Today we are talking about nuclear tests. Lakhs of years ago, Sage Kanad had conducted a nuclear test. Our knowledge and science do not lack anything," Nishank told Parliament . Nishank also batted for astrology, saying it is the topmost science in the world. He said our ancient astrologers dwarfed all other sciences.
Cow urine therapy
Promoting cow urine is a priority for the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), seen as the BJP's spiritual and ideological guide. It was reported in May that Madhya Pradesh-based promoters of medicines produced using cow urine or 'gau-mutra' hope that a BJP government at the Centre will help their business.
The RSS is keen on promoting a soft drink made from cow's urine , mixed with products such as aloe vera and gooseberry to fight diseases. "Cow urine offers a cure for around 70 to 80 incurable diseases like diabetes. All are curable by cow urine," said Om Prakash, head of the RSS's cow protection department, in 2009.
Faith in astrology
File photo of Smriti Irani. (Raj K Raj/HT Photo)
Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani will one day be the country's president: that prediction came from the BJP politician's astrologer in Bhilwara, Rajasthan. "She will become president... in five years," the astrologer told reporters last month after Irani's visit. Irani was asked about her faith in astrology when she is in charge of education. "What I am doing in my personal life is not the responsibility of media to report until and unless it affects my duties," she replied.
Karna a product of genetic engineering
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, speaking at the inauguration of a hospital in Mumbai in October, equated birth of Mahabharata's Karna to genetic engineering. He said, "We can feel proud of what our country achieved in medical science at one point of time. We all read about Karna in Mahabharata. If we think a little more, we realise that Mahabharata says Karna was not born from his mother's womb. This means that genetic science was present at that time. That is why Karna could be born outside his mother's womb."
Ganesha plastic surgery
At the same event, Modi also said, "We worship Lord Ganesha. There must have been some plastic surgeon at that time who got an elephant's head on the body of a human being and began the practice of plastic surgery."
Dinanath Batra claims stem cell research invented by an Indian
In his book Tejomay Bharat , Dinanath Batra, convenor of Shiksha Bachao Andolan Samiti, claimed stem cell research was invented by an Indian, Dr Ganpat Matapurkar, who was inspired by the Mahabharata.
Sanal Edamaruku, president of Indian Rationalist Association, said people need to differentiate between "myth and reality. "Myths are there in all parts of the world and in all cultures; if we can't differentiate myth and reality, something is seriously wrong," said Edamaruku in an e-mail from Helsinki.
Article 51A of the Constitution says Indian citizens have the duty to 'develop the scientific temper, humanism and the spirit of inquiry and reform'. It's an article that our elected representatives must remember--they are sworn to uphold the Constitution.    
File photo of Dinanath Batra. (LiveMint Photo)

Sensex on fire but public-sector index infreezeDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
As the NDA government kickstarts its disinvestment programme for 2014-15 tomorrow — with less than four months to go for the end of the fiscal — there seems little investor appetite for PSU stocks in an otherwise strong bull market for equities.
While the Sensex has rallied by over 16 per cent since the Narendra Modi-led government took charge on May 26, the PSU index — comprising 59 listed state-owned companies — has actually seen a nearly 3 per cent decline during this same period.
Click here for graph
This is as opposed to several other sectoral indices (see box) that have jumped anywhere between 10 and 50 per cent in the last six months.
The share price of SAIL, the first in the list to be on the block, has registered a decline by over 10 per cent since May 26. The disinvestment offer entails sale of 20.65 crore shares at a floor price of Rs 83, a shade below the closing of Rs 85.35 today. Its widely believed that in the absence of market excitement. government-owned financial institutions are expected to participate in the disinvestment process.
This lack of market enthusiasm for PSU stocks is attributed to no visible management reforms in these enterprises contrary to initial expectations. In fact, the wait for the new government to initiate policy changes to allow for more operational and managerial autonomyin PSUs goes on.
“There are some great public sector companies but the challenge is how do you turnaround the management or how do you make them professional. Unless you take it out of bureaucratic hands, it’s tough for them to compete in the market,” said Raamdeo Agrawal, joint MD, Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
As many as 17 PSUs are without a chairman including the likes of Coal India, Power Finance Corporation and National Hydro Power Corporation.
While ONGC, Coal India and NHPC are next in line where the government will divest up to 11 per cent of its holding, the share prices of the three companies have fallen by 8 per cent, 11 per cent and 21 per cent respectively which will result in a reduced realisation for the government from stake sales as compared to what it could have got six months back. Of course, has PSU shares rallied in line with the broader market, the realisation for the government from these stake sales would have gone up.
The head of a leading investment banking firm said another reason why the market does not have confidence in PSUs is because the government has not kept the commitment it made.
“For NTPC, they promised merchant power rate to NTPC, in case of ONGC they said defined subsidy-sharing formula, for NMDC they had talked about market pricing of iron ore. They made promises and then forgot about them,” said an investment banker who did not wish to be named.
TAGS: BSE Sensex
More from indianmarkets

LIC may have to play white knightagainDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Although foreign institutional investors are clearly confident about the India story, having shopped for stocks worth more than $12 billion since April, the government’s disinvestment programme, which kicks off on Friday, may need to be supported by Life Insurance Corporation (LIC).
The government hopes to net a sum of R63,425 crore by selling shares in, inter alia, ONGC, Coal India, SAIL, NHPC and the residual stake sales in Balco and Hindustan Zinc, along with some shares of Axis Bank held by SUUTI.
Merchant bankers point out that unless shares of the PSUs are priced attractively and the government offers meaningful discounts, the stake sales might not see too many foreign buyers. That’s because the fundamentals of most companies — Coal India, SAIL and ONGC — aren’t too strong given the regulatory uncertainty and falling prices of commodities. Moreover, many of the stocks have had a fairly good run over the last seven months.
Stocks like ONGC have, however, underperformed the broader market in the last three months in anticipation of the upcoming share sale, the steep drop in the price of crude oil and uncertainty over the subsidy sharing formula. The stake sale could turn out to be a success if the mechanism results in a smaller subsidy burden for the oil explorer. The government is planning to sell a 5% stake in ONGC for around R16,000 crore.
Friday’s offer for sale (OFS) of shares of SAIL will be the first issue after Sebi changed the rules for this mechanism, reserving 10% of the issue for small investors and allowing them a 5% discount. However, with the government fixing the floor price at R83 apiece, only a slight discount to the closing price of R85.35, not too many investors might be interested, merchant bankers said. “The pricing is very tight,” remarked one merchant banker, adding that a 5% discount for retail buyers might not be enough to prompt them to bid.
Brokerages have highlighted the fact that falling iron ore prices could keep steel prices under pressure.
The SAIL stock has gained 20% since April although it has underperformed the Sensex, which has rallied 28%. At the floor price, the sale will fetch the exchequer Rs 1,714 crore.
A 10% stake sale in Coal India estimated to fetch close to Rs 22,000 crore could be challenging, merchant bankers said. Brokerages have drawn attention to the fact that the miner’s production volumes have been languishing in low double digits without a plan for ramping up production and that there is little clarity on the status of e-auctions. There is also concern on incremental sales to the power sector at a lower price point.
TAGS: Coal India Life Insurance Corporation SAIL
More from indianmarkets

Cuts alone may not deliver George Osbornes elusive fiscal goalCuts alone may not deliver George Osborne’s elusive fiscal goal
The accounts will only be balanced through an unprecedented squeeze on public spending
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/deda9458-7954-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tax evasion of Rs 9 951 cr detected in last 3 yearsTax evasion of Rs 9,951 crore detected in last 3 years, says Arun Jaitley
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 17:08 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Tax authorities detected as many as 672 cases of tax evasion, in the current financial year through September, valued at Rs 1,379.57 crore, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley informed th Parliament on Friday.
In the last three financial years, 4,590 cases involving cross border tax evasion of Rs 9,951 crore were detected, Jaitley said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
The customs field formations, including Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, detected 1,914 cases involving tax evasion worth Rs 4,769.25 crore in 2013-14.
The number of cases detected in 2012-13 and 2011-12 was 1,487 and 1,189, respectively, involving tax evasion of Rs 2,207.55 crore and Rs 2,975.14 crore respectively.
The finance minister further said that all field formations of Customs including Directorate of Revenue Intelligence have been sensitised to thwart and prevent any attempt of cross border tax evasion.
Scrutiny of periodic returns filed by the Central Excise assessees is done regularly. Periodic audit of returns and financial records of Central Excise assessees is carried out and focus is given to collection of information and faster investigation of cases of evasion of central excise duties.
To another question, Jaitley said 1,396 Tax Evasion Petitions (TEPs) were received in Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) since July 1 which have been disseminated to the respective income-tax authorities for appropriate action.
The finance minister said TEPs regarding undisclosed income/assets are received by the government on a regular basis.
Some TEPs are received in the CBDT which are forwarded to jurisdictional income-tax authorities for appropriate action while others are received by the income-tax authorities directly.
Each TEP is taken into cognizance for further course of action, depending upon nature of information and facts and circumstances of the case, Jaitley said.

Creating your own shirt online is the latest fad!Written by Parmita Uniyal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 4:48 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 4:50 pm
So you love shopping clothes online, but are never sure about the fabric. Or maybe you want a specific colour to go with a particular design. But do you have a choice regarding these things online? Yes, you do have.
Men who don’t have time to hop from shop to shop looking for that perfect shirt can get it online on the click of a mouse.
Online shopping portals like vitruvien.com, creyate.com and designashirt.com not only let you choose the fabric of your choice, but also help you design and customise exactly the way you want it. From sleeve to collar to bottom cut, you have the privilige to become your own designer.
Vitruvien: Shirt up
For example vitruvien.com allows you to choose patterns like stripes, checks, print among others and fabrics like cotton, Egyptian Giza cotton and a lot of colours. One can also choose a short, long or rolled up sleeve. The variations in collar, cuff, placket, pocket, back details etc are endless.
The variations in collar, cuff, placket, pocket, back details etc are endless. (Source: Vitruvien.com)
Creyate: Go crazy with customisation
Creyate.com provides a similar kind of experience. It goes a step ahead though. The shopping portal lets you customise shirts, suits, jeans, blazer, trousers of men and shirts for women. In shirt category, you can pick the style that suits you the best. Some of the styles listed here are The Classic bandhgala, The casual keeper shirt, the bow-tie shirt et al. Once you choose the basic style, you would be directed to pick a fabric of your choice, shirt structure etc. You can also book a home visit with their stylists. Phew!
In shirt category, you can pick the style that suits you the best. (Source: Creyate.com)
Once you choose the basic style, you would be directed to pick a fabric of your choice, shirt structure etc. (Source: Creyate.com)
Printvenue and Vistaprint: Your pic, their clothes
Printvenue.com and vistaprint also allows you to customise shirts in a similar way. Additionally Printvenue provides the option of customising corporate gifts, key chains, pen drives, T-shirts and other gift items.
Additionally Printvenue provides the option of customising corporate gifts, key chains, pen drives, T-shirts and other gift items. (Source: Printvenue.com)
Happy shopping, dudes!

Asian Tech Research CLSADon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

8 ways to become the most proactive person you know8 ways to become the most proactive person you know
Becoming proactive
Being proactive is a mix of hustle and problem-solving
Being proactive is a mix of hustle and problem-solving (lzf / Getty Images/iStockphoto)
By Michael Mogill, Young Entrepreneur Council, Tribune Content Agency
Being proactive in your own becoming is a mix of hustle and problem-solving.
One of the things I often tell my team is, “Be proactive in your own becoming.” This sounds like a weird phrase at first, but when you break it down, it makes sense — and it will put you on the path of achievement.
In short, being proactive in your own becoming is a mix of hustle and problem-solving. I have broken it down into eight key points. Some of them are based on words of wisdom from mentors, and some of them are based on my own experiences. All together, they create a clear path to success.
It's all about you
8
No one else is going to get you where you want to go — it's up to you. Your family and friends are a support system, but that is all they are supposed to be for you. They cannot succeed for you. Only you can do that. Take ownership of your problems, and realize that nobody else is going to solve them for you.
Be solution-focused
One of the greatest traits of effective people is good problem-solving skills. We are all going to run into problems. It's how you handle them that makes you effective. The most effective way to handle a problem is to focus on finding a solution. Focusing on things that are out of your control is a waste of time, so focus on what you can control with the final outcome. Your team will learn to approach problems and solutions effectively if you lead by example.
Be accountable
cComments
OH PLEASE, NOT ANOTHER FRUIT CAKE, DAD! Like the traditional holiday fruit cake that gets perpetually recycled, this latest attempt at new age career development advice is just a rehash of ancient repeats wrapped in bad grammar. Motivational jingoisms are a destructive force and mind game in...
the5thangelrose1
1
Your level of accountability for completing tasks is really important. One of my favorite books is “Predictable Revenue” by Aaron Ross and Marylou Tyler. Their approach to achieving goals is both simple and effective: set your goal and then work backwards from that goal to establish metrics to track and evaluate it.
It's important to have a clearly defined goal that is quantifiable so you can determine if you actually reached it or not. For example, a goal to “get in shape” does not make sense. What does that mean? When are you “in shape?” A goal to “run a mile in under 10 minutes” is something you can physically measure and attain.
Use “SMART” goals
This acronym has been around for a long time and its meaning varies, but the basic concept works across all areas of life. This is the version I use to set goals:
S: Specific (Pick something particular instead of using a broad category.)
M: Measurable (Choose something you can quantify.)
A: Attainable (You should actually be able to reach this, and it may just require the right steps.)
R: Realistic (Be honest — it's probably unrealistic to say you will go from making $10,000 to being a billionaire in one year.)
T: Timely (Give each goal a timeframe to create a sense of urgency.)
Make your own luck
Being successful is not about having the right kind of luck or expecting the right break to come your way. It is not about the mere expectation that you will succeed. It is about taking steps every day to be better than you were the day before by moving in a positive, forward trajectory. Make a blueprint and set out milestones for yourself in specific timeframes, or you are not going to hit your goal. Things do not come to fruition just because you really, really want them to happen. You have to make them happen.
Be consistent
Ultimately, success is not about getting everything right. It is about being consistent. Are you consistently and persistently taking steps every day to steadily move toward your goal? Do you stop making progress or do you continue on when you encounter a seemingly insurmountable problem? Be consistent in what you do. And even though the steps may seem small at the time, doing the right things day in and day out will move you further down the path to success.
Find the right people
Surrounding yourself with driven, effective people is a proven way to help you succeed. Proximity can be an excellent motivator. You get to choose between driven people and people who will drag you down. You cannot have both and expect to succeed. You cannot spend time with lazy people all day and also achieve your daily goals. Lazy people are like quicksand. They bog you down slowly without you knowing it, until you wake up one day and realize you are consumed by laziness.
Honesty is the best policy
Be humble and take a hard look at what you are doing and how you are doing it. Be completely honest with yourself about what is not working instead of making excuses. It is easy to stay busy and tell yourself you are taking the right steps, but it is harder to be honest if you are not actually making progress. At the end of the day, if you don't hit your goals, you are only doing a disservice to yourself. You cannot get better if you tell yourself, “Oh, it's okay, I'm fine where I am.”
Living by this approach has made all the difference in my success. Did I miss something you think is important? Please comment on what has worked for you.
Michael Mogill's company Crisp Video Group has produced video content for major international brands.

UPS Makes Little Boy s Wish Come Truereddit
If you can count on anything during the holidays, it's advertisements that take aim at your heart -- and this one hits the bullseye .
The spot from UPS highlights the bond between a 4-year-old boy named Carson and UPS driver Ernest Lagasca, who Carson calls "Mr. Ernie."
"When Carson was born he couldn't drink milk or anything with a milk protein in it, so they sent formula," the boy's mom, Karen Kight, told KRDO.  " Mr. Ernie would deliver quite a few times to our house ."
Carson loves Mr. Ernie and his truck so much that he has a UPS uniform of his own and dreams of being a UPS driver. And when Mr. Ernie comes to the door in the ad, Carson practically leaps into his arms.
"I could come here three times in week and I'd get the same reaction every single time, all that excitement," Lagasca says in the spot.
But in the commercial, Lagasca isn't bringing an ordinary package. As part of the UPS Your Wishes Delivered campaign, he's delivering a child-sized UPS truck to help make Carson's dream come true.
Armed with a crayon map, Carson proceeds to drive around the neighborhood, delivering boxes of cookies and such.
Carson's mother wrote on the UPS Facebook page:
"THANK YOU! UPS... for making MY Baby's wish happen with one of the GREATEST role models yet of his little life...MR ERNIE...it's the little things, the small acts of kindness from the heart, that make the most impression...no matter what Carson chooses to do in life, he will ALWAYS remember the little things and the special people that mattered most..."
"There's a lot of neat people," Lagasca says in the clip. "But nobody stands out like Carson does. He's really special."
Alas, Lagasca is no longer Carson's driver. In an update on the Facebook page, Kight wrote that the 26-year UPS veteran is on a "retirement route" now.
"As much as Carson and I would love to see Mr Ernie back on our route, he is on a "retirement route"... We could never ask him to do that...but we do stay in contact...Carson's big brother goes to school with Mr. Ernie's son...and he called Carson to tell him what a good job he is doing with the interviews! Our new UPS drivers continue to enjoy Carson's enthusiasm but Mr. Ernie can never be "replaced"...his shoes are just too BIG to fill!!"
As part of its campaign, UPS is donating $1 to charity for each wish shared on its website or via social media. Learn more here .
More:

The Planet s Future Will Be Shaped By What These 6 Countries DoThese 6 Countries Produce Nearly 60 Percent Of Global Carbon Dioxide Emissions
 |  By                                                                      DINA CAPPIELLO
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — Six countries produce nearly 60 percent of global carbon dioxide emissions. China and the United States combine for more than two-fifths. The planet's future will be shaped by what these top carbon polluters do about the heat-trapping gases blamed for global warming.
How they rank, what they're doing:
CHINA
A general view shows residential and commercial buildings on a hazy day in Shanghai on November 21, 2014. AFP PHOTO / JOHANNES EISELE
It emits nearly twice the amount of greenhouse gases as the United States, which it surpassed in 2006 as the top emitter of carbon dioxide. China accounts for about 30 percent of global emissions. U.S. government estimates show China doubling its emissions by 2040, barring major changes. Hugely reliant on fossil fuels for electricity and steel production, China until recently was reluctant to set firm targets for emissions, which continue to rise, although at a slower rate. That changed when Beijing announced last month in a deal with Washington that it would stem greenhouse gas emission growth by 2030. About a week later, China's Cabinet announced a coal consumption cap by 2020 at about 62 percent of the energy mix. While politically significant, the U.S.-China deal alone is expected to have little effect on the global thermostat.
2013 CO2 emissions: 11 billion tons
2013 Population: 1.36 billion
UNITED STATES
In this March 8, 2014 photo, steam from the Jeffrey Energy Center coal-fired power plant is silhouetted against the setting sun near St. Mary's, Kansas. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File)
It has never entered into a binding treaty to curb greenhouse gases. Nevertheless, it has cut more carbon pollution than any other nation. It is on pace to meet a 2009 Obama administration pledge to reduce emissions 17 percent from 2005 levels by 2020. Carbon emissions are up, though, as the U.S. rebounds from recession. President Barack Obama has largely leaned on existing laws, not Congress, to make progress — boosting automobile fuel economy and proposing to reduce carbon pollution from new and existing power plants. The White House vowed in the China deal to double the pace of emissions reductions, lowering carbon pollution 26 percent to 28 percent from 2005 levels by 2025. Expect resistance when Republicans control Congress in January.
2013 CO2 emissions: 5.8 billion tons
2013 Population: 316 million
INDIA
In this Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014 photo, smoke rises from chimneys of brick kilns on the outskirts of New Delhi, India. (AP Photo/Altaf Qadri, File)
The U.S.-China agreement puts pressure on the Indian government, which could announce new targets during a planned Obama visit in January. Meantime, India plans to double coal production to feed a power grid still suffering blackouts. Its challenge: to curb greenhouse gases as its population and economy grow. In 2010, India voluntarily committed to a 20 percent to 25 percent cut in carbon emissions relative to economic output by 2020 against 2005 levels. It has made recent strides installing solar power, which it is expected to increase fivefold to 100 gigawatts by 2030. Under current policies, its carbon dioxide emissions will double by then, according to the International Energy Agency.
2013 CO2 emissions: 2.6 billion tons
2013 population: 1.2 billion
RUSSIA
Electrical light illuminates a petroleum cracking tower at the Lukoil-Nizhegorodnefteorgsintez oil refinery, operated by OAO Lukoil, in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia, on Thursday, Dec. 4, 2014. (Andrey Rudakov/Bloomberg via Getty Images)
It never faced mandatory cuts under the 1997 Kyoto Protocol because its emissions fell so much after the Soviet Union collapsed. A major oil and gas producer, Russia in 2013 adopted a domestic greenhouse gas target that would trim emissions 25 percent from 1990 levels by 2020. Russia's carbon dioxide emissions today average 35 percent lower than 1990 levels. To meet its goal, Russia has set a goal for 2020 of boosting energy efficiency 40 percent and expanding renewable energy 4.5 percent. The state-owned gas company Gazprom has energy conservation plans, as has the federal housing program. But in 2006, Russia announced a move to more coal- and nuclear-fired electricity to export more oil and natural gas.
2013 CO2 emissions: 2 billion tons
2013 population: 143.5 million
JAPAN
A passenger jet flies over factory facilities in the Keihin Industrial Zone in Kawasaki City, near Tokyo, Japan, on Thursday, Nov. 13, 2008. (Toshiyuki Aizawa/Bloomberg via Getty Images)
The shuttering of its nuclear power plants after the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster forced a drastic change in plans to curb carbon pollution. In November, Japanese officials said they would now reduce greenhouse gases 3.8 percent from 2005 levels by 2020. With more fossil fuels in the mix, Japan's emissions will be up 3 percent from 1990 levels, its benchmark for its pledge at a 2009 United Nations summit in Copenhagen to reduce emissions 25 percent. Beginning in 2012, Japan placed a carbon tax based on emissions of fossil fuels, with the proceeds going to renewable energy and energy-saving projects.
2013 CO2 emissions: 1.4 billion tons
2013 population: 127 million
GERMANY
In this picture taken Thursday, April 3, 2014, giant machines dig for brown coal at the open-cast mining Garzweiler near the city of Grevenbroich, western Germany. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)
It has outperformed the 21 percent reduction in greenhouse gases it agreed to in 1997. Emissions are down 25 percent against 1990 levels. To comply with 2020 European Union-set goals, Germany must reduce greenhouse gases 40 percent by 2020. On Wednesday, it boosted subsidies for energy efficiency to help it get there. Germany has in recent years seen back-to-back emissions increases due to higher demand for electricity and a switch to coal after Fukushima, which prompted a nuclear power phase-out. Coal use is down this year and renewables continue to gain electricity market share. Renewables already account for a quarter of Germany's electrical production. The country plans to boost that share to 80 percent by 2050 — and put a million electric cars on the road by 2020.
2013 CO2 emissions: 836 million tons
2013 population: 80.6 million
Sources: World Bank, Global Carbon Project, AP Research
Also on HuffPost:

New mapping technique creates  hyper-real  lookNew mapping technique creates ‘hyper-real’ look
By: PTI |        Washington |  December 6, 2014 11:52 am
Summary
A new image processing technique developed by Disney Research could make HDR video look better.
Other Articles
India ranks 65th on tourism competitiveness index
A new image processing technique developed by Disney Research could make high dynamic range (HDR) video look better when shown on consumer-quality displays.
The technique works by preserving much of the rich visual detail while eliminating “ghosting” and other unwanted visual artifacts.
The combination of HDR acquisition and the new technique enables video effects such as showing the detail of an actor’s face even as lighting shifts from shadow to direct sunlight and back to shadow.
HDR is a means of capturing images with a greater range of lighting and contrast – from dark shadows to bright sunlight – than is possible with standard photography and that is closer to how people perceive natural scenes.
But HDR currently outstrips the dynamic range that most televisions and video monitors can display, so HDR video must go through a process called tone mapping to adapt those images to the limitations of displays.
A number of such techniques, or tone mapping operators (TMO), exist, noted Tunc Aydin, an Associate Research Scientist at Disney Research Zurich.
But though they reduce the dynamic range of the video, they either lose some of the visual details or they introduce unwanted effects, such as brightness flickering, or amplify camera noise to create ghosting.
The local tone mapping method developed by Aydin and his colleagues at Disney Research uses an approach taken with many TMOs – decomposing the signal into a base and a detail layer.
In that way, the dynamic range of the base layer can be reduced while preserving a great amount of detail and fine scale contrast.
The main difference that the Disney team introduced is using a temporal filter on the detail layer and a spatiotemporal filter on the base layer.
They also developed a simple interface that enables a user to perform tone mapping interactively once the base and detail layers have been pre-computed.
Researchers found that the technique was capable of tone mapping video sequences with complex motion and lighting changes and was worked particularly well in low-light situations where camera noise was high.
TAGS: HDR
More from lifestyle
Sparks fly when egg meets sperm: Study Sparks fly when an egg meets sperm, according to a new study which found that the fertilised mammalian egg releases from its surface billions of zinc atoms that create tiny 'zinc sparks'.

Taiwan probe finds 12 smartphone brands violate privacy rulesJindal Power moves SC, says being ‘doubly punished’, can’t pay fine
Taiwan has identified 12 smartphone brands that do not conform with its privacy standards, and the handsets makers could face fines or even an outright ban unless they address these breaches, an official at the telecoms regulator said on Friday.
Taiwan’s government began to review privacy standards two months ago after media reports said smartphones made by Chinese firm Xiaomi Technology Co Ltd could be sending user data to its home servers in mainland China without users’ permission.
Hsiao-Cheng Yu, vice chairman of Taiwan’s National Communications Commision (NCC), did not name any of the 12 brands, but said the investigation found that some of these smartphones could allow their manufacturers to collect users’ data without their permission.
Others contained “imperfections” which do not conform with the law, Yu said, without elaborating.
The NCC’s findings will be released within weeks, he added.
Smartphones from Apple Inc, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and HTC Corp were among the top 5 bestselling handsets in Taiwan during the third-quarter, according to industry data firm IDC. Xiaomi also said its phones are also among the 12 most popular in Taiwan.
Yu said the government would ask the offending brands to modify their handsets. If they refuse, the NCC could fine the companies up to T$200 million ($6.43 million) or ban their handsets from being sold in Taiwan.
The Taiwanese probe underscores global concerns about data security and the scrutiny Chinese tech firms are subject to as governments become increasingly wary of potential cyber security threats from the world’s second-largest economy.
Asked about the Taiwan probe, Xiaomi said its devices “never actively send any private user information without the users’ approval.”
Taiwan-based HTC said it was working with the Taiwanese regulators to improve compliance with the required security standards.
Samsung had no immediate comment on the findings, while Apple did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
TAGS: National Communications Commision
More from industry

eBay launches iberry Auxus ONE 207 smartphoneJindal Power moves SC, says being ‘doubly punished’, can’t pay fine
eBay India has announced the exclusive launch of iberry Auxus’ latest gadgets the Auxus ONE Smartphone and the iberry Auxus RIST Smartwatch exclusively on ebay.in.
The devices are priced at Rs 15,990 and Rs 9,990 respectively and are available from December 8 exclusively on ebay.in.
iberry Auxus ONE packs a unique feature which enables users to scroll up/down and capture the images on camera touching the back panel of the phone.
Auxus RIST Smartwatch is India’s first attempt at a smartwatch with inbuilt SIM slot on an Android OS. It is waterproof smartwatch mobile powered by a dual core processor. The new age smart device also supports voice input method powered by Google Now.
“Auxus products have been well received by gadget enthusiasts logging into ebay.in. We are confident that the smartphone and smartwatch will also be a grand success on ebay.in,” said Vidmay Naini, Business Head – Technology Category, PaisaPay & PowerShip, eBay India.
“We felt more than concentrating on value for money, we should rather go back to our drawing board, plan and create something that is perfectly right from the point of holding it till it consumption,” added Feroz Ahmed, Co-founder and COO, iberry Auxus.
Auxus ONE Smartphone
* Sony™ Sensor 15.5MP 207 degree revolving camera
* Runs on a 1.7GHz Hybrid Octa- Core MT6592 processor with an Android 4.4 OS
* 5.7” inch OGS HD Full Lamination display  protected by Gorilla Glass
* Powered by a 2GB RAM, Mali-450 GPU, GPS and NFC
* Supports a Dual SIM feature and uses a 3200mah li-polymer battery    * Memory space of 32 GB and expandable up to a massive storage capacity of 128 GB
* Price: INR 15,990
* Waterproof Smartwatch with Dualcore processor
* 32GB expandable memory via MicroSD card
* WiFi compatibility with Bluetooth 4.0 and GPS
* 3MP Camera with Video recording feature
* MicroSIM slot that supports voice call and data over 3G
* Powered by Li-ion rechargeable removable battery lasting for the whole day
* Price: INR 9,990
TAGS: Iberry Auxus
More from industry

Indias Forex reserves up $1.43 billionUpdated: December 6, 2014 13:10 IST
India’s Forex reserves up $1.43 billion
IANS
The foreign currency assets had declined $664.3 million at $289.39 billion in the previous week.
TOPICS
India’s foreign exchange (Forex) reserves grew by $1.43 billion to $316.31 billion for the week ended Nov 28, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data showed.
The reserves had fallen by $672.4 million to $314.87 billion in the week ended Nov 21.
According to the RBI’s weekly statistical supplement, foreign currency assets, the biggest component of the Forex reserves, rose $1.42 billion at $290.82 billion in the week under review.
The foreign currency assets had declined $664.3 million at $289.39 billion in the previous week (Nov 21).
The RBI said the foreign currency assets, expressed in U.S. dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation or depreciation of non-US currencies such as the pound sterling, euro and yen held in reserve.
India’s reserve position with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) was up $2.5 million to $1.52 billion.
The value of special drawing rights (SDRs) was higher by $6.4 million at $4.22 billion.
The value of gold reserves which was static since Oct 3 at $20.01 billion and had declined by 275 million at $19.73 billion for the week ended Oct 31, stayed the same in the week ended Nov 21.

GVK Biosciences grapples with a hit to reputationE Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 15:33 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
It has had a snow ball effect across 26 countries of Europe. Concerns raised by the French drug regulator ANSM - the French National Agency for Medicines and Health Products Safety - on the data generated by GVK Biosciences (GVK Bio) has caused a major hit to the reputation of the company that could have implications on the future viability of its generic drug testing business.
Technically, it is called the clinical pharmacology business. This is one of the six businesses of the Rs 700 crore company and contributes about 10 to 12 per cent of its total revenues.
"While we respect the decision of the regulatory authority and will re-do all the studies again, we are clearly disappointed by the outcome and do feel it raises questions on the future viability of this business," Manni Kantipudi, Chief Executive Officer of GVK Biosciences told Business Today.
Kantipudi points out that the company has been following the best practices for the last 10 years.
"We have provided detailed clarifications and third party findings (from doctors) but unfortunately the ANSM/CHMP (Committee for Medicinal products for Human use) has concluded that though the 'check-out' ECGs, which have no direct relevance to the quality of the testing of drugs, the fact that the same employees were involved in other critical activities, left an element of doubt on the bio-equivalence results," he says.
The "check-out" ECGs are electrocardiograms or tests to see the performance of the heart of the volunteers before they leave the facility after participating in studies.
Nevertheless, he says that "GVK will undertake again all the bioequivalence studies made between 2008 and 2014. These are some 110 to 115 and will involve an additional cost of around Rs 40 crore over the next 12 to 15 months."
This business, which has operations in Hyderabad and Ahmedabad, is hit and down to zero with concerns raised over the operations out of Hyderabad.
 
The French regulatory authority has on its website said the inspection revealed irregularities in documents associated with these trials although these documents are not essential to the demonstration of bioequivalence.
As a precaution, (it was decided to) suspend the marketing authorisation of 25 marketed generic drugs.
*The name of the company has been corrected in the long headline

LPG subsidy to be credited directly in bank accounts from June 1 in 18 districtsNew Delhi, May 29, 2013
Updated: October 20, 2013 19:25 IST
LPG subsidy to be credited directly in bank accounts from June 1 in 18 districts
PTI
A load of LPG cylinder seen near NH bypass in Kochi. File Photo:Vipin Chandran
TOPICS
interior policy
Starting June 1, cooking gas (LPG) consumers in 18 districts will get Rs. 435 in their bank accounts when they book an LPG cylinder as the government rolls out its ambitious direct benefit transfer programme to cut its fuel subsidy.
The scheme was to be rolled out in 20 districts initially but the launch in Mysore in Karnataka and Mandi in Himachal Pradesh has been put off by a month due to assembly and Parliamentary bypolls, official sources said.
Oil Minister M Veerappa Moily will launch the scheme in Tumkur, in his home State Karnataka, on June 1, while Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas Lakshmi Panabaka will simultaneously kickoff the scheme in Hyderabad, the capital of her home State Andhra Pradesh.
Sources said that after the launch of the scheme, consumers in 18 districts like North Goa and Pondicherry will get Rs. 435 in their bank accounts every time they book for an LPG refill.
These consumers then will have to buy cooking gas at market price, which is double the Rs. 410.50 rate for a 14.2-kg bottle in Delhi.
The government intends to extend the scheme to the rest of the country before the year-end, but wants to see results in the 20 districts first. The 20 districts selected have high Aadhaar or unique identification number penetration.
While as many as 89 per cent of the LPG consuming population in these districts have Aadhaar number, the Government will give a three-month grace period to them to procure the UID number and seed it with their bank accounts where cash subsidy has to be transferred.
After three months, that is from September 1, only consumers having Aadhaar and banks accounts linked to them will get cash subsidy and the rest will have to buy LPG at market price, they said.
The government anticipates a saving of Rs. 8,000 to Rs. 10,000 crore in LPG subsidy annually after the scheme is rolled out all over the country.
The Government had, in January, launched what is being dubbed as a game-changer DBT, wherein government benefits like pensions and scholarships are directly transferred to beneficiaries.
The scheme is now being extended to LPG with the aim that the government subsidy reaches the intended beneficiary only.
Currently, consumers are entitled to nine 14.2-kg cylinders of LPG at subsidised rates in a year from LPG dealers. Many of these are black-marketed to unintended users like commercial establishments who otherwise have to buy the fuel at market price.
The 18 districts where the DBT for LPG is being launched from June 1 include Anantpur, Chittoor, East Godavari, Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy in Andhra Pradesh; Diu in Daman and Diu; North Goa; Bilaspur, Hamirpur and Una in Himachal Pradesh; Tumkur in Karnataka; Pathanamthitta and Wayand in Kerala; Wardha in Maharasthra; Pondicherry; SBS Nagar/Nawanshahar in Punjab and East Nimar (Khandwa) and Harda in Madhya Pradesh.
The scheme would be rolled out in Mandi and Mysore from July 1, they said.

Welspun Gujarat spinning mill goes on streamANJAR (GUJARAT), December 6, 2014
Updated: December 6, 2014 21:57 IST
Welspun Gujarat spinning mill goes on stream
Lalatendu Mishra
B. K. Goenka. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
company information
Welspun India, part of the $3.5-billion Welspun group and among the world’s top three towel manufacturers, on Saturday, unveiled one of the largest spinning mills here to support its growing home textiles exports business.
This facility with 1.70 lakh spindles, the largest under one roof in India, was inaugurated by Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel.
The company has invested Rs.800 crore to set up this facility as part of its overall Rs.2,500 crore expansion plan in the textiles business in Gujarat.
“It took us 13 months to set up this spinning mill. This is one of its kind facilities in the country, and will help us meet our internal yarn requirement,” said Welspun Group Chairman Balkrishna Goenka.
“This facility has capability to produce fine count yarn, and with this we can manufacture new range of products. With increased self sufficiency, better quality control and efficient supply chain, we will be able to move to the next level,” Mr. Goenka added.
One in seven towels sold in the U.S. is manufactured by Welspun, and the company supplies to 14 of the 30 global retailers, including Wal-Mart, JC Penney and Target.
In 2004, Welspun set up a home textile manufacturing unit at Anjar in the Kutch region of Gujarat with an investment of Rs.1,000 crore, and since then the company has invested over Rs.10,000 crore here to expand the capacity over an area of 2,500 acres. The company has employed over 20,000 people here, and plans to further increase the head count.

Having Your Giant Cake  and Eating it Toohaving your giant cake  and eating it too
Terror strikes in Kashmir an attack on democracy: ModiPrint
Ranchi, Dec 6 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi Saturday said the terrorist attack in Jammu and Kashmir was a "shameful act on the democratic process" in the state which is in the midst of assembly polls.
"The terrorists did a shameful act by attacking the democratic process in Kashmir. Our brave security personnel gave a befitting reply to them," Modi said while addressing an election rally in Hazaribagh.
Twenty-one people, including eight soldiers, were killed in a string of attacks across Kashmir Friday.
"An army officer from Jharkhand was also killed. I pay my tributes to the security personnel killed in terrorist attack," said Modi.
Lt. Col. Sanklap Shukla, a resident of Ranchi, was killed in the attack. He is survived by an eight-year-old daughter and a four-year-old son.
Recommend

India Surprised This Year  May Do So Again in 2015: CitigroupChina December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
New Delhi: India has "really surprised" in 2014 and it might do so again next year as the country's GDP growth figure is expected to pick-up from 5.6 per cent in the current fiscal year to 7 per cent in 2016-17, Citigroup has said in a report.
According to the global financial services major, following two years of sub-5 per cent growth, India's GDP growth is expected to be around 5.6 per cent in 2014-15 and around 6.5 per cent in 2015-16.
"We believe India could make material strides in reforming the 'factors of production' in 2015 - land, labour, capital and enterprise. Faster than anticipated progress on these fronts could result in upsides to our FY16 GDP estimate of 6.5 per cent."
"Investment and consumption resulting in growth pick-up from 5.6 per cent in FY15 to 7 per cent in FY17," Citigroup said in a research note, adding that "reform momentum could accelerate the pace," it said.
The Indian economy picked up momentum, driven by the business-friendly Narendra Modi government, progress on the RBI's financial sector reforms and a sharp drop in commodity prices.
All these factors have been "high on the radar of global investors with equity markets up 35 per cent so far this year and a stable currency in the Rs 59-63 range".
The global brokerage firm noted that in 2013, it was the current account deficit that was brought down from 4.7 per cent of GDP to 1.7 per cent; in 2014, it was inflation which fell from a peak of 11 per cent to 5.5 per cent, and in 2015 it is likely to show up in interest rates and growth.
"While one can debate on the timing, we reiterate our view that India is on its way back to 7 per cent growth and lower inflation," the report noted.
The GDP growth in the second quarter of this fiscal year slowed marginally to 5.3 per cent lower than the 5.7 per cent print in this first quarter.
"Despite the deceleration in second quarter GDP growth, we maintain our view of FY15 GDP at 5.6 per cent as the risks are fairly balanced", driven by a pick-up in reforms momentum, a sharp decline in inflation and continued de-bottlenecking of stalled investments, it said.
According to Citigroup, there are three internal risk factors to the aforementioned projections - NPA (non-performing assets) issues in the banking sector, jobless growth, and minority status in the Rajya Sabha. The three major external risk factors include, geo-political/price shocks, market turbulence and global trade protectionism.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 13:13 (IST)

askmeBazaar plans to sell home services onlineDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Online marketplace askmeBazaar.com is looking to launch ‘Services’ category within a year on its site that would provide customers an option to buy various facilities including plumbing, painting and carpentry under a single platform.
“I want to sell everything from forging equipments, aircrafts to nuts and bolts on askmeBazaar.com. We do not sell services as of now but we will look at it at a later date. Once we have stabilised on the product side,” askmeBazaar.com CEO Kiran Murthi told PTI.
Murthi said he is looking at customer utility services such as home services, including restaurant services.
On when the company will begin selling services, he said: “In six months to a year.”
At present, there are a few online sites such as easyfix.in, onefix.in offering services on a smaller scale.
The company is also looking at expanding its product categories.
“We have lots to do on the product side. I am working on selling digital downloads, grocery, bulk buying (of fruits, groceries etc), bulbs, tubes, fans and faucets,” Murthi said,
The company is expanding very fast and adding 170 new sellers every day, he said.
Murthy added: “Most of our sellers are unique to us. By calender year 2015 end, we are aiming to have two lakh retailers on their platform. These new sellers will be across categories.”
It has 17,000 retailer at present.
askmeBazaar is also participation in the forthcoming Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) 2014 to be held from 10-12 December.
askmeBazaar will participate in all categories including fashion, electronics and lifestyle.
TAGS: AskmeBazaar Great Online Shopping Festival
More from companies

Maruti Defers Seeking Shareholders Nod for Gujarat PlantYou are here: Home Corporates
Maruti Defers Seeking Shareholders Nod for Gujarat Plant
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 07, 2014 13:33 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Having run into troubles with institutional investors over the transfer of its Gujarat plant to parent Suzuki, carmaker Maruti Suzuki India now wants to seek approval of minority shareholders after a proposed relaxation comes into effect in the Companies Act.
Maruti Suzuki India had earlier planned to seek shareholders' approval for the transaction in November.
The Cabinet, meanwhile, has cleared a slew of amendments this month to various aspects of the new Companies Act.
"Now another new factor which is the proposed amendment to the Companies (Amendment) Bill has come up. So it would not make sense to go for the vote till we know what that bill is and what the future is," Maruti Suzuki India chairman R C Bhargava told PTI.
Once the changes come into effect, after Parliament's nod, it would become easier for companies to get shareholder approvals for related party transactions. Maruti's proposed plant transfer to Suzuki falls under this category of transactions.
Under pressure from institutional investors, Maruti had decided earlier this year to seek minority shareholders' approval after tweaking some of the earlier proposals with regard to transfer of the Gujarat plant to Suzuki.
When asked if the company would wait for the bill to be passed in the Parliament, to take up the matter with the minority shareholders, Mr Bhargava said, "I think so. It won't make sense to go for a vote on a law which is going to change, so it is going to be delayed."
Mr Bhargava, however, said the delay in taking the approval would not impact the construction work at the Gujarat plant.
He also said that "work is carrying on (at the Gujarat plant) so it doesn't matter".
As per the current regulatory framework under the Companies Act 2013, a proposal like Maruti's would require approval from 75 per cent of the minority shareholders for a special resolution in this regard.
Following the latest changes approved by the Cabinet, such proposals can be approved through an ordinary resolution requiring a simple majority of over 50 per cent.
In January, Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) announced it would invest $488 million to build the Gujarat plant, which Maruti had earlier proposed to set up.
Opposing the move, Maruti's institutional investors approached the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), seeking its intervention to safeguard the interests of minority shareholders. Private sector mutual funds and insurance companies, which own almost 7 per cent of the company, led the opposition.
The plant, which would be SMC's first fully-owned factory in India, is being planned with an initial capacity of 1,00,000 units a year, all of which will be supplied to Maruti.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 13:31 (IST)

Bob Hope s Legendary Estate Listedbob hope s legendary estate listed
Kingfisher Shares Suspended: Things to KnowMotherson Sumi's German Acquisition to Be EPS Accretive
Vijay Mallya-promoted Kingfisher Airlines shares were grounded earlier this week, more than two years after the carrier was met the same fate. The entire promoter shareholding (8.54 per cent) of Kingfisher Airlines has also been frozen. If you did not sell your shares in the company, hoping for a revival, read on.
1) Trading in Kingfisher Airlines was suspended on December 1 for violation of listing rules of the stock exchanges. According to rules, if a company fails to report its earnings for two consecutive quarters, its shares have to be suspended from trading. Kingfisher Airlines has not reported its quarterly earnings since the December quarter of FY14.
2) Investors, who have not sold their shares so far, can still do so. As per exchange rules, trading in non-compliant companies would be allowed on a trade-for-trade basis, 15 days after the suspension.
3) Trade-for-trade is a type of settlement system, where transactions can be done only for delivery. Under the trade-for-trade segment, each transaction is considered individually and the normal rolling settlement system does not apply.
4) Trade-for-trade settlement prevents brokers from circular trading, a fraudulent scheme used to increase share value and volumes to attract unsuspecting investors. Circular trading does not led to a real change in the ownership of the stock.
5) Circular trading is not possible in trade-for-trade settlement as brokers have to pay for each transaction (buy or sell). So, only genuine investors will be able to participate in the trade.
6) Shares under trade-for-trade are traded on the first trading day of every week for six months. The first trading window for Kingfisher Airlines under trade-for-trade window will be on December 16.
7) Prior to suspension, Kingfisher Airlines was among the most traded shares on the exchanges. In spite of its operations being stalled since 2012, the average daily trading volume in its shares on NSE in last one year to November 28 was more than 25 lakh.
8) The reasons for the high trading volume in Kingfisher Airlines are a) It has a free-float of 95 per cent, which means nearly all issued shares are traded in the market; b) As of September 30, 2014, retail and high net worth investors held 58.5 per cent shares in the company and institutional investors (both domestic and foreign) held 9.92 per cent shares.
9) Kingfisher Airlines is not the only stock to be suspended. Shares of UB Engineering and Varun Industries were also suspended for violation of listing norms. Trading in such shares can resume again if the company starts reporting quarterly earnings and pays a fine to the exchanges.
10) The airline never turned a profit since its launch in 2005, as a result its accumulated losses wiped out its entire capital. The company had accumulated losses of Rs 16,023.47 crore as of March 31, 2013 and its networth at that date was a negative Rs 12,919.82 crore (per share negative networth of Rs 159.7).
Story first published on: December 06, 2014 20:00 (IST)

Retail Investors Likely to Get Greater Pie in Next PSU DisinvestmentsYou are here: Home Corporates
Retail Investors Likely to Get Greater Pie in Next PSU Disinvestments
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 07, 2014 17:33 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: To encourage participation of small investors in public sector disinvestments, the government has decided to double the quota reserved for retail investors to 20 per cent for the forthcoming stake sales in bluechip companies like ONGC and Coal India.
The decision assumes significance following the enthusiastic response from retail investors in Friday's stake sale in steel major SAIL, which fetched the government Rs 1,715 crore.
"In the forthcoming OFS, 20 per cent of the offer size shall be reserved for retail investors," an official told PTI.
So far 10 per cent of the share sale was reserved for retail investors, who are allowed to invest up to Rs 2 lakh in the OFS. Also a 5 per cent discount was offered to them over the bid price.
However, in follow-on public offer (FPO), 35 per cent is reserved for small investors.
The response of retail investors to PSU disinvestments had not been encouraging in the past with the 10 per cent reserved quota barely managing to get fully subscribed.
The successful SAIL OFS, the official said, has shown big appetite for PSU shares among retail investors.
"Increased retail participation will improve ownership of public in CPSEs and also help achieve the objective of disinvestment policy," the official added.
As per the data, retail investors bid for over 5.49 crore SAIL shares - 2.66 times of the 2.06 crore shares reserved for them. The SAIL OFS was over-subscribed more than two times.
The Budget 2014-15 proposed to garner Rs 43,425 crore from PSU disinvestment, of which about 30 per cent is expected to come in from 5 per cent (worth around Rs 17,000 crore) stake sale in ONGC.
Besides, sale of a 10 per cent stake in Coal India is on the table and could fetch the exchequer over Rs 20,000 crore.
The other state-owned firms that are lined up for offering include an 11.36 per cent stake sale in NHPC and 5 per cent each in PFC and REC.
Under the OFS mechanism, at present, a minimum of 25 per cent of the shares offered are reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
The government has been using the OFS route for disinvestment of PSUs.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has permitted the promoters of top 200 companies to use the auction route or OFS route to dilute stake in listed companies. It also permitted OFS in those PSUs which were to meet the minimum 25 per cent public holding norm.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 14:21 (IST)

Asia responds to Maldives water crisisAsian neighbours respond to Maldives water crisis
Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/90102418-7dd8-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Plan to Transfer Jet Turboprop Fleet ShelvedSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Jet Airways is believed to have shelved a plan to transfer its ATR turboprop aircraft fleet to the subsidiary JetLite for now, owing to the regulatory complexities and costs issues.
Jet currently has 18 ATRs in its fleet, which cater to the airline's regional routes, while JetLite has a total fleet of 11 Boeing 737 planes.
"Jet Airways had plans to transfer its entire fleet of ATR aircraft to its subsidiary airline JetLite. This was part of the airline's overall profitability plan. However, after toying with the idea for quite some time, it has dropped the plan due to technical reasons and cost issues," an airline source told PTI.
The Naresh Goyal-promoted airline and JetLite (formerly Air Sahara which was bought out by Jet in 2007) operate under two different air operator permits and the transfer of aircraft from one airline to another airline involves a complex process, sources said.
When contacted, the private carrier said that evaluation of the fleet vis-a-vis planned deployment was a routine exercise.
"At Jet Airways we continually evaluate our fleet vis-a-vis planned deployment across our operational network, with a sharp focus on profitability. Our ATR fleet is also part of this evaluation and we will be in a position to share the details once we arrive at any decision," a Jet Airways spokesperson said in response to a text message by PTI.
"In this case, all the 18 aircraft would have to be deregistered first and sent out to the lessor and then registered again. Besides, the process also involves huge costs. Therefore, the airline has at this stage decided to not to go ahead with the plan," the source said.
Airline chairman Naresh Goyal had earlier said that Jet Airways was looking at restructuring the fleet.
"We are looking at it. We may sell our surplus aircraft or return them to lessors. We are finding out what is the most economical way to go forward. We will be announcing all this soon," Mr Goyal had said a few months ago.
Jet Airways, in which Gulf carrier Etihad holds a 24 per cent stake, aims to turn profitable by 2017.
It suffered a loss of Rs 4,130 crore in 2013-14, but had cut it down drastically by almost 96 per cent to Rs 43 crore in the September quarter of this fiscal year, as against Rs 999 crore in the second quarter of FY14.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 19:09 (IST)

Australian banks urged to boost capitalAustralian banks urged to boost capital holdings
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/44012108-7dbf-11e4-bb0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI to Ease Rates by 0.5% in 2015: Morgan StanleyChina December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
New Delhi: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to lower policy rates by 50 basis points in 2015 with the first rate cut likely as early as February next year on the back of slowing inflation, global brokerage firm Morgan Stanley said.
The report said the magnitude of rate cuts would depend on the trajectory of inflation, which is expected to reach 6 per cent level on a sustained basis by March 2015.
"In our base case, we expect inflation to reach the 6 per cent level on a sustained basis by March 2015 (same as the RBI's expectation). We therefore assume 50 basis points policy rate cuts in 2015 in our base case," Morgan Stanley said in a research note.
"We believe that the first rate cut is likely to be in February / March 2015," the report added.
In terms of magnitude of rate cuts, Morgan Stanley expects 50-100 basis points of policy rate cuts in 2015, depending on the inflation trajectory, which in turn will be dependent on the trend in commodity prices, fiscal deficit and rural wage growth.
The upside and downside risks to these forecasts would be influenced by two key factors: the pace of policy actions to revive productivity dynamic and the strength of external demand recovery, it said.
At the December 2 monetary policy review, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan chose to hold rates, saying it is premature to go in for a cut at the moment, but held out hope of a cut if inflation falls.
On economic growth, the report said GDP growth on a quarterly basis is expected to accelerate from the current pace of 5.3 per cent for the quarter ended September 30, to 7.3 per cent in the March quarter of 2017.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 12:12 (IST)

The HNI shopping cartkuznetcov_konstantin/shutterstock.com
Tupungato/shutterstock.com
A high net worth individual spends on an average $1.1 million a year on luxury goods
What’s the use of having pots of money if one doesn’t use some of it to pamper oneself? Luxury goods and services are so intrinsic to most ultra-high net worth individuals’ lifestyles that many of them would be surprised if they were considered a “luxury”.
For example, the private jets they fly are not only used for leisure, but for business purposes. A suit costing over a lakh of rupees might still be seen as inadequate for social outings.
However, the super rich don’t mind spending on it as it is part and parcel of the image and status they command.
The average global UHNW individual spends $1.1 million a year on luxury goods and services, ranging from expenditure on travel to food, according to the new ‘‘World Ultra Wealth Report 2014’’ brought out by Wealth-X and UBS.
With their global population touching 2,11,275, that translates into total annual spends of $234 billion, constituting 18.9 per cent of the global luxury market in 2014.
This was higher than their 17 per cent share in 2013, with the rise largely attributed to fast growth of the UHNW population as well as their wealth, which rose 7 per cent to $29,725 billion in 2014.
And while the data conjures up visions of men in designer suits driving fast sports cars, the reality is that women seem to favour such trappings more than men do.
The report indicates that men park less than 10 per cent of their net worth in real estate and luxury assets, whereas the ultra-affluent female population holds almost 16 per cent of its net worth in such assets.
As more female members increase their own fortunes, it is likely to have a bearing on the expansion of the luxury industry as well.
Big bill
Of the total spending on luxury goods and services, travel and hospitality top UHNW individuals’ bills at an annual $45 billion.
This adds up to a 22.5 per cent share of the market. The luxury travel and hospitality sector banks on the UHNW population that is seeking superior lifestyle experiences and willing to pay to get them.
Besides five-star hotels like the Palazzo Versace and first-class air travel by private jet, the cruise market has seen higher UHNW engagement in recent years.
Automobiles come a close second when it comes to luxury spending, taking up $40 billion every year, but the share of the global purchases is just 8.9 per cent. Luxury vehicles are still seen as a status symbol and a social enabler.
The high degree of personalisation for vehicles is helping to double or, in some cases, triple the basic price tag. 
The choice of vehicles ranged from classic cars from bygone eras to high performance cars to up-market sedans.
Surprisingly, art is next on the list of big-ticket purchases for the super-rich, with its annual spends at $25 billion, approximately the same amount they spend on jewellery and watches as well. UHNWs contribute to 37.9 per cent of the luxury art market.
The top brands in the watch market include Blancpain, Breguet, Longines, Omega and Rado, besides the ubiquitous Rolex, while many look no further than American jeweller Tiffany when jewellery shopping.
A private jet and a yacht may both seem contenders in the luxury stakes. But to the UHNW, having their own planes is the clear choice.
Their spending on private aviation is at $23 billion, whereas their investment in yachts adds up to $22 billion a year. These products fit into the upper niche of the global luxury market and so comes as no surprise that
UHNWs account for 82.1 per cent of the market for private aviation and have an 88 per cent share of the yacht market.
Making the man
Apparel and accessories also find a place in global UHNW individuals’ shopping baskets, with total annual spends touching $15 billion and $12 billion, respectively.
According to a Bain & Company study on the luxury market, sales of high-end shoes have surpassed that of leather goods for the first time since 2007, emerging as the new fashion status symbol, even though they attract a lower price tag than other leather goods.
A separate report by Deloitte Touche Tohamatsu, ‘Global Powers of Luxury Goods’, identifies the favourite brands of the swish set, based on annual revenues.
The list is topped by products from the house of LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA, including Louis Vuitton, Fendi, Donna Karan, Loewe, Marc Jacobs and Celine.
Switzerland’s Compagnie Financiere Richemont SA is next on the list with offerings under the brands Cartier, Lancel, Van Cleef, Chloe, Baume & Mercier, IWC, Jaeger-LeCoultre and Montblanc. Rounding up the top three luxury goods companies is Estee Lauder Companies Inc, with brands such as Estee Lauder, Aramis, La Mer, Aveda and Jo Malone.
Other luxury goods companies that attract UHNW eyes and wallets include Luxottica Group SpA — with brands such as Alain Mikli, Arnette, Ray-Ban, Persol and Oliver Peoples — and Kering SA, with products from the house of Gucci, Bottega Veneta and Saint Laurent.
Their home furnishing needs constitute 28.1 per cent of the entire market, translating into a total annual expenditure of $8 billion on brands such as Swarovski.
Wines and spirits ($8 billion) are often synonymous with luxury, but non-alcoholic beverages are also gaining prestige. Beauty products and services ($4 billion) and other fashion spending ($1 billion) topped UHNW annual shopping carts.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Mary Landrieus seat will be held by a Republican for the first time in 132 yearsBy Philip Bump December 7 Follow @pbump
The last time the Senate seat currently and temporarily held by Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.), who lost in a runoff race Saturday night , was held by a Republican was in 1883. When Rep. Bill Cassidy (R) takes over the seat in January, he'll not only complete the Republican sweep of Louisiana's state house and Senate seats, he'll move the Deep South one step closer to being completely red .
As any historian (or adept middle school social studies student) will tell you, this was not always the case. In September, we presented a chart of every Senate seat in every state since the republic began. We've updated that with the results of this year's contests; it is below. But let's focus on the South for a second.
The white box -- the period that Landrieu's seat was blue -- highlights the dominance of the Democrats in the South for most of the 20th century. There were a few times that seat (and the others) were vacant, but when re-filled, they were filled with Democrats. No longer.
Of the states that once comprised the Confederacy (notice that most didn't have senators for a few years after 1860), only two still have Democratic senators: Florida and Virginia, increasingly Democratic thanks to migration into its northern suburban counties.
And, without further ado, here's that complete history. Run your eye down the far right side, representing the most recent election. A lot of blue-to-red -- but also a lot of once-split states now having single-party representation.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

ECB  demigods and eurozone QEDecember 7, 2014 5:39 pm
The ECB, demigods and eurozone quantitative easing
Wolfgang Münchau
The question is no longer whether it will happen but how it will work
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c90dd466-7bb4-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New Republic shake-up bleeds talent© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4dda9f9a-7cd6-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

College Football PlayoffBy Matt Bonesteel December 7 Follow @MattBonesteel
Alabama, Oregon, Florida State and Ohio State will participate in the first playoff in major college football history. The College Football Playoff committee announced its decision Sunday. (AP)
The College Football Playoff committee made its inaugural selections on Sunday, picking Alabama, Oregon, Florida State and Ohio State to fill the four spots in the sport’s first-ever playoff.
No. 1 Alabama will play No. 4 Ohio State in the Sugar Bowl on Jan. 1 at 8:30 p.m. in New Orleans. No. 2 Oregon will play No. 3 Florida State in the Rose Bowl on Jan. 1 at 5 p.m. in Pasadena, Calif. The winners will meet Jan. 12 in the inaugural College Football Playoff title game in Irving, Tex.
Alabama (12-1), Oregon (12-1) and Florida State (13-0) were seen as non-controversial selections. The Crimson Tide won the SEC title on Saturday with a convincing win over Missouri, the Ducks made their statement with an easy victory over Arizona for the Pac-12 title on Friday and Florida State finished its second straight undefeated regular season with a close win over Georgia Tech in the ACC title game on Saturday night. The defending national champion Seminoles were the lone unbeaten team in college football’s top division.
But controversy raged over the final selection, as TCU, Baylor and Ohio State — three teams with one loss each — all had compelling arguments.
Ohio State (12-1) saw starting quarterback Braxton Miller — a preseason Heisman Trophy hopeful — go down with an injury that ended his season before it even began and then suffered a home loss to a mediocre Virginia Tech team on Sept. 6. But the Buckeyes rebounded with 11 mostly resounding wins, the last a 59-0 demolition of Wisconsin in Saturday’s Big Ten title game behind third-string quarterback Cardale Jones, Ohio State’s starter after second-stringer J.T. Barrett also was lost to a season-ending injury against Michigan on Nov. 29.
“I think with the championship game Ohio State demonstrated that it was a total team,” committee chairman Jeff Long told ESPN. “It was decisive for Ohio State to move into that 4 spot.
Long: "Ohio State overcame" Va Tech loss with nine wins over bowl-eligibble teams.
— Stewart Mandel (@slmandel) December 7, 2014
The playoff committee decided that the Buckeyes’ credentials were better than those of TCU and Baylor, which shared the Big 12 title with 11-1 records. The 10-team conference does not have a championship game, instead deciding its champion with round-robin play in the regular season. The Bears, who finished fifth in the committee’s final rankings, defeated the No. 6 Horned Frogs during the regular season.
TCU was ranked No. 3 in the committee’s penultimate rankings but dropped three spots in the final rankings, despite the Horned Frogs’ 55-3 win over 2-10 Iowa State on Saturday.
Ohio State, Baylor and TCU “were really 3 a, b and c,” Long said.
In case you’re wondering about Vegas’s opinion of the matchups:
— Bruce Feldman (@BruceFeldmanCFB) December 7, 2014
After spending the first 17 years of his Post career writing and editing, Matt and the printed paper had an amicable divorce in 2014. He's now blogging and editing for the Early Lead and the Post's other Web-based products.

Think global  act local: Here s what Uber can learn from McDonaldsprint
The Uber smartphone app, used to book taxis using its service, is pictured over a parking lot. (AFP photo)
Two seemingly unconnected news items last week are, in fact, connected. On the one hand, there was news from the US that Uber, the hot ride-sharing service that makes instant cabs out of available cars with drivers through a mobile app, was raising a fresh round of funding that valued the company at a staggering $40 billion (Rs 240,000 crore). On the other hand, at the weekend came the depressing news of how a young woman executive in Gurgaon suffered rape at the hands of a taxi driver after hailing a cab from Uber.
Between these two items hang the tale of how global businesses need a local touch. American startups thrive on teenage enthusiasm, usually because they are drunk on new technology. But there is much more to business models than hot technologies.
Google-backed Uber has also been trying to lobby against restrictive Reserve Bank of India regulations. The company uses a mobile wallet system, in which the central bank requires a two-step authentication process. RBI also requires local banks to be involved and insists on rupee transactions. This is intended to provide safety to customers, but the US company called the checks "antiquated" — and reluctantly started using local mobile wallet operator Paytm to comply with RBI rules.
One might stretch the RBI-style logic to the safety of women. Sadly for Uber, Gurgaon is not San Francisco. Though the company cannot be truly blamed for what one of its cabbies did, the event last week shows how a full-service taxi service company is more than a savvy tech player. In Delhi, police advise domestic servants to be verified. Cabbies are a logical extension.
Can Uber take ownership for the safety of its passengers? Be it financial or physical safety, how far can — or should — Uber go? The one-size-fits-all approach doesn’t work. There are no easy answers, but Uber could learn from McDonald’s, the burger chain. It eschewed beef in India and for the first time introduced vegetarian burgers. Think global, act local.
madhavan.n@hindustantimes.com

Sticky Issues Re-Emerge at UN Climate TalksGeorge Clooney and George 41 Join Forces
Dec. 21, 2006
Share
Copy
The two Georges make an odd couple, but the work they're doing together is nothing short of amazing.
Actor George Clooney and former President George H.W. Bush have joined forces to help the residents of Cameron, La., which was nearly swept away last year by Hurricane Rita.
Though they come from opposite ends of the political spectrum, Clooney and Bush have put their ideological differences aside to help restore the small town of 10,000 people and rebuild its hospital.
ABC's Diane Sawyer traveled to Cameron to talk to Clooney and Bush and find out what's driving their will to help.
First, though, she talked politics with the Georges. Sawyer asked Bush about his thoughts on the situation in Iraq.
Sawyer: Just a question about Iraq. … We're talking about calling up additional new troops in order just to reinforce the services right now. … Facing 3,000 deaths in Iraq, what would you want to say most to those families right now?
President Bush: Well, I'd say I support the president, and I don't want to go into what's going on and re-evaluating the policies and all that stuff.
I will say I'm a very strong believer in Bob Gates coming in here because I've worked with him so closely up at Texas A&M University. You had a nice try getting me in these issues, but I stay out of 'em. I really do. I don't go to Washington. … I don't do op-ed pieces. … And it's better just to support our sons who are in, and equally, the three kids that aren't in public life.
Sawyer also brought up Bush's breakdown before Congress earlier this month while talking about his son Jeb, the outgoing governor of Florida, and asked what was behind his emotion.
President Bush: You know, I was embarrassed about that. But the communications had been such from people that -- we understand that you love your kids and they're under fire. You know? So I don't think I want to do it again, but. … I was embarrassed, kind of ashamed.
And then after the reaction from friends, political allies and political opponents came in, I said, 'Well, maybe it's all right when you get to be old to sort of let the tears flow. That's the way life is. You care about your kids.' It's all about that now for Barbara and me.
Sawyer asked Clooney whether he had his eye on a career in politics, but the actor insisted he was happy with his current status.
Clooney: There is no politics in my future. … No, there really isn't. My father ran for Congress, as you know. I'm having a really enjoyable time being able to -- not have to compromise, as you have to in politics, constantly. … And be able to be single-minded. … I can walk into the national security council and talk to them and say, 'Explain to me how this is allowed? How Darfur is allowed to continue,' and I think that that's easier for me. I'm not very good at the compromising part.
But Clooney was able to compromise when he joined forces with Bush. The two are passionate about reviving Cameron.
Sawyer: So how did this come about?
President Bush: This is about saving and bringing to life a hospital that was devastated in the storm, Hurricane Rita. And I thought we can add a little, little spice to this event. And I was right, I'll tell you.
Clooney: I think we're at a time right now where we really do have to spend more time finding the things that we all agree on. … I grew up as the son of a newsman. When things lose their news cycle after a period of time. … We just sort of assume everything's OK.
Page

30 years after - learning from BhopalSunita Narain: 30 years after - learning from Bhopal
Sunita Narain |  Dec 07, 2014 10:49 PM IST
Thirty years after we must recognise that the Bhopal gas disaster had impacts far beyond the boundary of the ill-fated city and its people. Across the world, chemical and hazardous waste management was reinforced; worker-safety precautions mandated and legislations for environmental management strengthened. Bhopal made a difference in the way the world managed its industrial dangers. Perhaps it is because of this that we have not seen another Bhopal-like disaster in magnitude and horrific human devastation.
But this does not mean that work is over. In India, we certainly continue to see smaller industrial accidents - mini-Bhopals - in different parts of the country. We also have not fixed the problem of toxic contamination of our land and water. In fact, we have piles of hazardous waste that accumulates in many parts of the country, endangering lives. Worse, we do not have means or methods to remediate these toxic sites, and in all this we generate more and more hazardous waste.
Worse, in Bhopal, victims of the gas leak continue to be denied medical treatment. The hazardous waste left behind by Union Carbide continues to contaminate the groundwater and liability for pollution has not been fixed. The reasons for this failure need to be understood.
First, the tragedy of Bhopal is that there are too many institutions involved, but all with little interest in fixing the problem and all working at cross purposes. So there is movement, but no action.
For instance, the case on decontamination of the toxic waste on the factory site is being heard directly at the Supreme Court and the High Court of Madhya Pradesh. But directions go unheeded in spite (or because) of the number of agencies involved. The department of chemicals and petrochemicals is the nodal authority for the Bhopal disaster. At the state level, the nodal department is the department of Bhopal gas tragedy relief and rehabilitation. Then there is a task force for removal of toxic waste from the plant under the chairmanship of secretary, department of chemicals and petrochemicals. There is also an oversight committee to coordinate and monitor all activities at the Bhopal gas tragedy site relating to waste disposal, decontamination and remediation. The minister of the Union ministry of environment and forests chairs this committee. At the bottom of the rung, the Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control Board and the Central Pollution Control Board are supposed to monitor the site and provide technical support for the decontamination work. The logjam is such that there is no one institution that can be held responsible and accountable for decontaminating the site.
In the case of medical relief, on paper all has been provided to ensure that people get timely and best treatment. A super-speciality hospital has been set up; treatment has been assured without payment; to ensure effective delivery the Supreme Court even set up two separate committees - one to monitor functioning of the medical system and the other to advise on what needed to be done for best care of the victims. The state government has a separate minister and department for gas relief; and even at the Centre, there is a clear mandate with the ministry of chemicals and fertilisers to oversee all affairs. Yet medical care is abysmal. Yet the victims continue to say that they do not even have water to drink. Clearly, everybody had the responsibility but nobody really cared to deliver.
Secondly, the issue of Bhopal and its aftermath itself has become toxic and tragic - nobody really wants to do anything about it. Over time, most residents of the city have moved away and beyond the disaster. The civil society groups that remain are intensely committed and driven by the injustice and lack of action. On the other hand, government institutions believe that nothing they do will be accepted as work well done. They have practically given up, but continue the pretense, as there is work to be done and money to be spent.
This is when the courts - apex, state and district - continue to try to provide justice. After the 1989 decision, which rewrote the history of jurisprudence by absolving corporate criminal activity on payment of compensation, the courts have directed for relief and rehabilitation. But in the polarised and extremely indifferent environment, even their directions have come to naught. This is partly because there is no clarity about what needs to be done and what can be done, given the past mess-ups.
Clearly, what needs to be done is to accept the mistakes of the past. So that these are not repeated. And so that we can find new answers to fix what is still broken in Bhopal. We cannot give up on the victims of the tragedy. This is not about our past, but our future.
The writer is at the Centre for Science and Environment

Why Elon Musk s batteries scare the hell out of the electric companyMark Chediak: Why Elon Musk's batteries scare the hell out of the electric company
Mark Chediak |  Dec 07, 2014 10:48 PM IST
Here's why something as basic as a battery both thrills and terrifies the US utility industry.
At a sagebrush-strewn industrial park outside of Reno, Nevada, bulldozers are clearing dirt for Tesla Motors' battery factory, projected to be the world's largest.
Tesla's founder, Elon Musk, sees the $5-billion facility as a key step toward making electric cars more affordable, while ending reliance on oil and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. At first blush, the push toward more electric cars looks to be positive for utilities struggling with stagnant sales from energy conservation and slow economic growth.
Yet Musk's so-called gigafactory may soon become an existential threat to the 100-year-old utility business model. The facility will also churn out stationary battery packs that can be paired with rooftop solar panels to store power. Already, a second company led by Musk, SolarCity, is packaging solar panels and batteries to power California homes and companies including Walmart Stores.
"The mortal threat that ever cheaper on-site renewables pose" comes from systems that include storage, said Amory Lovins, co-founder of the Rocky Mountain Institute, a Snowmass, Colorado-based energy consultant. "That is an unregulated product you can buy at Home Depot that leaves the old business model with no place to hide."
The Tesla systems are arriving just as utilities begin to feel increasing pressure worldwide from the disruption posed by renewable energy.
Lima meeting
In Germany, the rapid rise of tax-subsidised clean energy has undermined wholesale prices and decimated the profitability of coal and natural gas plants. Germany's largest utility EON SE said this week it will spin off its fossil-fuel plant business to focus on renewables in part because of new clean energy competitors coming onto its turf.
Threats to the traditional utility model come as energy and environment take the world stage at the latest round of United Nations climate talks that began December 1 in Lima. Delegates, backed by global environmental groups, want to leave the conference with a draft agreement to tackle climate change by lowering carbon-dioxide emissions - something that has eluded them for years.
The Rocky Mountain Institute's Lovins has installed solar on his house in Snowmass and uses it to power his electric car. His monthly electric bill: $25. He has a lot of company.
100,000 plug-ins
In California, where 40 per cent of the nation's plug-in cars have been sold, about half of electric vehicle owners have solar or want to install it, according to a February survey by the Center for Sustainable Energy, a green-energy advocate. More than 100,000 plug-ins have been sold in California, according to data from HybridCars.com and Baum & Associates, though EVs make up less than one per cent of all US car sales.
Few homes and businesses use solar and back-up-battery storage, proof for some utilities that the systems remain a hard sell outside of states like California or markets like Hawaii where high power costs make solar competitive.
Still, the Edison Electric Institute, a trade group representing America's investor-owned utilities, recently announced that its members will help to encourage electric vehicle use by spending $50 million annually to buy plug-in service trucks and invest in car-charging technology.
"Advancing plug-in electric vehicles and technologies is an industry priority," said EEI President Thomas Kuhn.
Charging stations
Analysts think the industry has been slow to react. Tesla, SolarCity and green-energy companies are already moving aggressively into unoccupied space. "Some of the more nimble companies that think and move more quickly, they are beating the utilities to the punch," said Ben Kallo, a San Francisco-based analyst for Robert W Baird & Co.
Tesla has installed 135 fast-charging stations, some powered by solar, across North America where its Model S drivers can refuel for free. NRG Energy is building a network of public charging stations in major cities that drivers can access on a per-charge basis or for a flat monthly fee of about $15.
And then there's the home front. In a July report, Morgan Stanley said Tesla's home and business energy-storage product could be "disruptive" in the US and in Europe as customers seek to avoid utility fees by going "off-grid."
'Sufficient appreciation'
"We believe there is not sufficient appreciation of the magnitude of energy storage cost reduction that Tesla has already achieved, nor of the further cost reduction magnitude that Tesla might be able to achieve once the company has constructed its 'gigafactory,'" Morgan Stanley analysts wrote.
Tesla sees itself taking on a grand mission - not just to lower emissions from cars and trucks, but to have a societal impact. "If we only do it on the transportation side, we ignore the utility side, and we are probably ignoring half of our responsibility," said Mateo Jaramillo, director of powertrain business development at Tesla Motors, at the recent Platts California Power and Gas Conference in San Francisco.
Tesla and Oncor Electric Delivery, owner of the largest power-line network in Texas, have discussed a $2-billion investment in stationary battery storage to solve the problem of fluctuating output from wind and solar. Tesla and SolarCity are separate entities and only share management at the board level.
Smart home
A glimpse of that future can be seen in Davis, California, where Honda Motor has developed a "smart home" that produces more energy than it uses while charging a plug-in car. The home was designed in collaboration with SolarCity, PG&E Corp and the University of California at Davis to showcase energy-efficient and renewable technologies. It will serve as a home for a member of the UC Davis community and a lab for the study of new businesses and technologies.
SolarCity rival SunPower is offering its solar and storage systems to buyers of electric cars from Audi AG and rebates for solar-panels to Ford Motor plug-in customers. SunPower also has struck a partnership with homebuilder KB Home to begin installing solar and storage systems in California.
The time when residents can charge their electric cars with excess solar stored in their home batteries is "not decades away, that is years away," said SunPower CEO Tom Werner.

Titans slim down and fight backJapan’s titans slim down and fight back
Ben McLannahan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/389fe222-6a87-11e4-bfb4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A sign of lost collective faithDecember 7, 2014 7:10 pm
Crumbling infrastructure is a sign of lost collective faith
Lawrence Summers
©Getty
It will take almost half as long to fix LaGuardia's escalator as it took to build the Empire State building
Take a walk from the US Air Shuttle in New York’ s LaGuardia airport to ground transportation. For months you will have encountered a sign saying “New escalator coming in Spring 2015”. Or take the Charles River at a key point separating Boston and Cambridge which is little more than 100 yards wide. Traffic has been diverted to support the repair of a major bridge crossing the river for more than two years, and yet work is expected to continue into 2016.
The FT’s A-List
The A-List provides timely, insightful comment on the topics that matter, from globally renowned leaders, policy makers and commentators
The world is said to progress but things that would once have seemed easy now seem hard. The Rhine river is much wider than the Charles yet General George Patton needed just a day to build bridges that permitted squadrons of tanks to get across it. It will take almost half as long to fix the escalator in LaGuardia as it took to build the Empire State building 85 years ago.
Is it any wonder that the American people have lost faith in the future and in institutions of all kinds? If rudimentary tasks such as keeping escalators going and bridges repaired are too much to handle, it is little surprise that disillusionment and cynicism flourish.
Political debates are often framed in terms of the respective roles of the public and private sector with progressives stressing the importance of private market failure and conservatives stressing the dysfunctionality of the public sector. The sad truth is that there is merit in both arguments.
More
Reform as the answer
The escalator that will take five months to repair is privately owned. Although it is in an airport, failure cannot be blamed on public authorities. Necessary maintenance had been delayed for years — with the escalator in question even being stripped for spare parts to support other escalators. Now the new owner has many priorities; the replacement of the escalator system is only one.
On the other hand, repair of the bridge across the Charles River is the responsibility of local governments. A combination of budgetary short sightedness, excessively rigid labour practices, and a failure to take account of the costs of traffic delays appears to account for the project’s remarkably long gestation period.
While much of the political debate takes place on a macro level, focusing on large scale changes in spending, tax or regulatory policies, I suspect that much of what frustrates the public happens on a more micro scale.
A government that has to install safety nets under bridges to catch failing debris will not inspire when it aspires to rebuild other nations.
When big companies are cannibalising their machinery for spare parts, it is hardly surprising that they are not trusted to embark on voluntary long run programmes to control greenhouse gases, promote diversity or develop new technologies.
What is to be done? First, the focus of infrastructure discussions in both the public and the private sector needs to shift from major new projects whose initiation and completion can be the occasion for grand celebration to more prosaic issues of upkeep, maintenance, and project implementation.
For example, before anyone contemplates spiffy new high-speed railway systems, careful consideration should be given to repairing existing rail lines and stations.
Second, accountants in the public and private sector need to develop methodologies for capturing deferred maintenance and showing this in the financial accounts for what it is — borrowing from the future. What is counted counts and so if maintenance deferrals were made transparent they would become much more expensive for decision makers.
Third, the public and the media on their behalf need to be much less accepting of institutional failure. It has been said that we do not want to know all to which we can become accustomed. A vicious cycle in which governments perform poorly and so are starved of resources and so perform worse is serious threat to healthy democracy.
Something similar can happen to business. If owners distrust management they will insist on taking cash out rather than permitting its use for long term investment. The only answer is prompt and aggressive responses to failure that ensure that it is shortlived.
More important than any specific remedy, there is a reason beyond the media and the public’s own economic problems why there is so much disillusionment with so many institutions. They do not seem to perform as well as they once did. We see it every day.
Fixing escalators and building bridges may seem like small stuff at a time of economic crisis and geopolitical instability. But it is time we recognise the importance of what may seem small to what is ultimately important — the faith of citizens in their collective future.
The writer is Charles W Eliot university professor at Harvard and a former US Treasury secretary
-------------------------------------------

The march of AI is a long way offDecember 7, 2014 7:36 pm
The march of artificial intelligence is a long way off
Andrew McAfee
We have more than enough real near-term challenges to deal with
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cc9ad870-7cb5-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obamas underqualified ambassadors© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c087bdb6-7bb4-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Crumbling infrastructure and lost faithDecember 7, 2014 7:10 pm
Crumbling infrastructure is a sign of lost collective faith
Lawrence Summers
©Getty
It will take almost half as long to fix LaGuardia's escalator as it took to build the Empire State building
Take a walk from the US Air Shuttle in New York’ s LaGuardia airport to ground transportation. For months you will have encountered a sign saying “New escalator coming in Spring 2015”. Or take the Charles River at a key point separating Boston and Cambridge which is little more than 100 yards wide. Traffic has been diverted to support the repair of a major bridge crossing the river for more than two years, and yet work is expected to continue into 2016.
The FT’s A-List
The A-List provides timely, insightful comment on the topics that matter, from globally renowned leaders, policy makers and commentators
The world is said to progress but things that would once have seemed easy now seem hard. The Rhine river is much wider than the Charles yet General George Patton needed just a day to build bridges that permitted squadrons of tanks to get across it. It will take almost half as long to fix the escalator in LaGuardia as it took to build the Empire State building 85 years ago.
Is it any wonder that the American people have lost faith in the future and in institutions of all kinds? If rudimentary tasks such as keeping escalators going and bridges repaired are too much to handle, it is little surprise that disillusionment and cynicism flourish.
Political debates are often framed in terms of the respective roles of the public and private sector with progressives stressing the importance of private market failure and conservatives stressing the dysfunctionality of the public sector. The sad truth is that there is merit in both arguments.
More
Reform as the answer
The escalator that will take five months to repair is privately owned. Although it is in an airport, failure cannot be blamed on public authorities. Necessary maintenance had been delayed for years — with the escalator in question even being stripped for spare parts to support other escalators. Now the new owner has many priorities; the replacement of the escalator system is only one.
On the other hand, repair of the bridge across the Charles River is the responsibility of local governments. A combination of budgetary short sightedness, excessively rigid labour practices, and a failure to take account of the costs of traffic delays appears to account for the project’s remarkably long gestation period.
While much of the political debate takes place on a macro level, focusing on large scale changes in spending, tax or regulatory policies, I suspect that much of what frustrates the public happens on a more micro scale.
A government that has to install safety nets under bridges to catch failing debris will not inspire when it aspires to rebuild other nations.
When big companies are cannibalising their machinery for spare parts, it is hardly surprising that they are not trusted to embark on voluntary long run programmes to control greenhouse gases, promote diversity or develop new technologies.
What is to be done? First, the focus of infrastructure discussions in both the public and the private sector needs to shift from major new projects whose initiation and completion can be the occasion for grand celebration to more prosaic issues of upkeep, maintenance, and project implementation.
For example, before anyone contemplates spiffy new high-speed railway systems, careful consideration should be given to repairing existing rail lines and stations.
Second, accountants in the public and private sector need to develop methodologies for capturing deferred maintenance and showing this in the financial accounts for what it is — borrowing from the future. What is counted counts and so if maintenance deferrals were made transparent they would become much more expensive for decision makers.
Third, the public and the media on their behalf need to be much less accepting of institutional failure. It has been said that we do not want to know all to which we can become accustomed. A vicious cycle in which governments perform poorly and so are starved of resources and so perform worse is serious threat to healthy democracy.
Something similar can happen to business. If owners distrust management they will insist on taking cash out rather than permitting its use for long term investment. The only answer is prompt and aggressive responses to failure that ensure that it is shortlived.
More important than any specific remedy, there is a reason beyond the media and the public’s own economic problems why there is so much disillusionment with so many institutions. They do not seem to perform as well as they once did. We see it every day.
Fixing escalators and building bridges may seem like small stuff at a time of economic crisis and geopolitical instability. But it is time we recognise the importance of what may seem small to what is ultimately important — the faith of citizens in their collective future.
The writer is Charles W Eliot university professor at Harvard and a former US Treasury secretary
-------------------------------------------

ONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cardsONGC
Rating: Buy
Govt reportedly reworking the subsidy sharing formula: Press reports indicate that the government is considering reworking the subsidy sharing formula and that a proposal on a new formula will soon be circulated to the Cabinet. If true, this could be a material positive for the upstream SOEs (state-owned enterprises), especially for ONGC, which has underperformed both the broader market (by 22%) and its smaller peer OIL (by 10%) in the last three months on the back of the overhang of the upcoming share sale and amidst the backdrop of the recent steep fall in global crude prices which could hurt upstream SOEs unless their subsidy burden falls commensurately.
Timing uncertain, but most likely in the next two months: While it is difficult to assess the timing of any such announcement and whether it would precede the 5% stake sale by the government (which, as per press reports, is slated for completion this month), we believe some clarity is almost certain to be available by the time the company announces its Q3FY15 results around mid-Feb, as the extant $56/bbl (barrel) subsidy discount formula which has been applied to arrive at H1 subsidies is unlikely to be sustained in Q3 given crude prices are trending >$20/bbl lower. In a recent analyst meet, the OIL management too expressed confidence that the government will ease the  subsidy burden on upstream SOEs from Q3 as the current formula is unsustainable.
What could the formula be? The press reports indicate that the formula being considered could be a variant of the formula proposed by the Kirit Parikh committee in the past. In 2010, the committee had proposed a formula that saw nil subsidies for upstream companies up to $60/bbl of crude, and a marginal subsidy contribution of 20%/40%/60%/80% of the incremental crude price for crude between $60-$70/$70-$80/$80-$90/>$90 (incidentally, it had proposed full subsidy exemption for GAIL).
In 2013, the committee modified this formula to a 40% share of the crude price till crude <$80/bbl, 40% + $0.25 for each $1/bbl increase beyond $80, and 50% of crude price beyond $120. Some more recent press reports last month have indicated that the government is looking at providing a fixed R20/kg (i.e., R284/cylinder) budgeted subsidy on LPG, with the balance to be borne by the upstream companies, while losses on kerosene could be borne equally (50:50) between upstream and the government.
Quantifying the upside: Our current TP (target price) of R440 is based on 11x FY16e EPS (earnings per share) of R40/share, which assumes gross crude price of $97/bbl and net realisation of $50/bbl for ONGC (which equates to upstream companies bearing an all-time high 74% of the overall under-recovery burden). Assuming crude at $80/bbl and upstream companies bearing an equitable 50% of the burden, ONGC’s net realisations could improve to $59/bbl and EPS to R42/share. At the same 11x target multiple (which is 1 SD—standard deviation–above its historical mean), this could see ONGC’s fair value rising to R460/share, an upside of about 25% from the current levels. We maintain our Buy rating on ONGC as we await this key event-based trigger for the stock.
By Citi
TAGS: ONGC
More from indianmarkets

Protesters block traffic in NW D.C.By Luz Lazo December 7 Follow @luzcita
Updated: 5:35 p.m.
After the “die-in” demonstration in front of the White House, protesters continue to march through downtown Washington. At 5:30 p.m. they blocked 14th and F streets N.W. They are holding signs that say JusticeNow and have been chanting “shut it down”.
D.C. Police say the demonstrations are impacting 14th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue and are urging drivers to avoid that area.
 
— Nathan Empsall (@NathanEmpsall) December 7, 2014
 
Updated: 5:08 p.m.
D.C. police said demonstrators continue their march throughout the District and are now impacting traffic near the White House.
They’re now in front of the White House, where they lay silently to represent the four hours that Michael Brown’s body was left in a street in Ferguson, Missouri, and also in symbolic remembrance of Eric Garner, who was killed in a chokehold position after a confrontation in July with New York Police Department officers.
 
— Cassie Spodak (@CassieSpodak) December 7, 2014
 
#DCferguson die in at the white house. 4.5 mins, one for every hr Michael Brown lay in the streets. #blacklivesmatter pic.twitter.com/bwcpCn0pss
— Nathan Empsall (@NathanEmpsall) December 7, 2014
Original post at 4:39 p.m.
Protesters marched from Chinatown to the K Street corridor Sunday afternoon, blocking roads and delaying traffic in downtown D.C.
It appears the protesters blocked traffic on 7th and F streets N.W. before marching west on H Street. By 4:30 p.m., demonstrators were blocking 14th and K streets N.W.  Police said the demonstrations are peaceful, but they are asking drivers to look for alternate routes.
For the last few days, several protests have occurred throughout D.C. — and across the country — in response to grand jury decisions in cases of police shootings in Ferguson, Mo., and Staten Island, N.Y.

With their numbers shrinking  Pearl Harbor survivors make final pilgrimages to HawaiiBy Peter Holley December 7 Follow @peterjholley
Louis Conter, third from right in blue jacket, and other Pearl Harbor survivors salute as the USS Chung-Hoon passes by during ceremonies marking the 73rd anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor at the World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument in Honolulu on Sunday. (Hugh Gentry/Reuters)
Each year about this time, former Louisiana state Sen. Jackson B. Davis gets ready to talk to various groups about his experience as a Navy officer and survivor of the Pearl Harbor attack.
But this year is different,  the 95-year-old told USA Today , because nobody has reached out.
“It’s the same old story,” Davis said, sounding more resigned to his fate than bothered. “We don’t hear much about Gettysburg anymore, or Bunker Hill. Or when the Normans took over England — we don’t hear much about that.”
There’s a reason for that.
In 1991, Davis was one of at least two dozen Pearl Harbor survivors living in Shreveport-Bossier City. Today, that number has dropped to three.
“There’s not many of us left to think about it,” Davis told the paper.
With Pearl Harbor survivors well into their 90s and some passing the century mark, their numbers are shrinking not just in Louisiana, but all over the United States. How many of the 60,000 or so survivors are left? Nobody seems to know, exactly.
Last year, 2,000 to 2,500 survivors were thought to be still alive, according to Eileen Martinez, chief of interpretation for the USS Arizona Memorial.
“They are in their twilight years, so now is the time to honor them and thank them for their service,” she told the Reuters news agency last year .
On Sunday, four of the nine remaining members of the USS Arizona Reunion Association gathered with dozens of other World War II veterans at the Pearl Harbor Visitor Center in Honolulu to commemorate the 73rd anniversary of the Japanese attack, according to Reuters . That attack, on the morning of Dec. 7, 1941, killed nearly 2,400 people and sank or damaged 21 vessels and 323 military planes, the article noted. It also thrust the United States into four years of war.
Since 1981, the Arizona veterans have met every year in Tuscon and every five years in Hawaii, according to the association’s Web site . This year’s reunion, according to Fox News , was supposed to be the group’s last, but not everyone was so sure.
“I don’t think this is going to be our last. … We’ve still got time to go,” Louis Conter, 93, told Fox News. “We’ll be back out here no matter whether the rest of the crowd can make it or not.”
On Friday, President Obama designated Dec. 7 as National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day, according to Reuters .
“Today, with solemn gratitude, we recall the sacrifice of all who served during World War II, especially those who gave their last full measure of devotion and the families they left behind,” Obama said.
Many of the veterans arrived at the Pearl Harbor Visitor Center on Tuesday, according to Fox News . The men were greeted by military salutes and music from the U.S. Navy Pacific Fleet Band and later were able to view a live-feed of a dive beside Arizona’s sunken hull, Fox noted. That hull, “still holds the bodies of more than 900 of about 1,177 men who died on the battleship,” it said. For many veterans, each return to Peal Harbor brings back vivid and sometimes painful memories.
“It’s always like yesterday when we’re out here,” Conter told Fox.
For those who have passed away, the task of keeping alive the memory of Pearl Harbor falls upon children and relatives. They are people such as Joseph Kralik Jr., whose father, Army Tech Sgt. Joseph F. Kralik Sr., was on his way to Sunday Mass when the attack on Pearl Harbor began, according to Trib Total Media . Kralik Sr. died in 2007, but his son tells the paper that he spent years prying information out of his father about Pearl Harbor and has now assumed the role of keeping his father’s experience alive. 
“This is our duty to keep the memory of what happened alive and honor our parents,” he said.
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

Start-up scene begins to gain traction after slow start© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a141f5f4-6a87-11e4-bfb4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK high street steps up discountingBlack Friday kicks off wave of discounting for UK stores
Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f0aafaa-7ca1-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoE more confident on impact of rate riseHome borrowers could handle rate rise, says BoE
Chris Giles, Economics Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a6235136-7ca1-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoE plays down dangers of financial sectorBank of England plays down dangers of growing UK financial sector
Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1e1d368c-7e11-11e4-b7c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Civil rights group opposes postal consolidationFor generations, the U.S. Postal Service had a reputation for employing African Americans when many others would not.
Even slaves delivered mail.
U.S. Postal Service letter carrier Sharon Herbert loads crates of mail into a delivery van at the Brookland Post Office in Washington, D.C. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg News)
In 1794,  Postmaster General Timothy Pickering , appointed by President George Washington, said that “if the inhabitants . . . should deem their letters safe with a faithful black, I should not refuse him.”
Despite a brutally racist national environment in the 1800s, more than 140 names are on the USPS list  of known African American postmasters during that period.
And although discrimination certainly existed in what was then known as the Postal Department, it was “the single largest employer of African Americans” from 1961 to 1966, according to a Smithsonian National Postal Museum  article by Deanna Boyd and Kendra Chen .
“The Postal Service has been very instrumental in our evolution from slavery to mainstream America . . . middle-class employment,” said William Burrus, former president of the American Postal Workers Union (APWU).
But now, a major civil rights coalition is concerned that current policies could dull the luster on that legacy. The  Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights  says Postal Service consolidation plans could harm the black community that has depended on it.
In a related issue, the Leadership Conference also urged the Senate to delay confirmation of Mickey D. Barnett’s reappointment to the Postal Service’s  Board of Governors . Barnett, chairman of the board, has lobbied for the payday lending industry, which a Leadership Conference letter to senators said has been “harmful” and “destructive” to black and brown communities.
Read more in the Federal Diary at:  http://wapo.st/1vn4gp2
Joe Davidson writes the Federal Diary, a column about the federal workplace that celebrated its 80th birthday in November 2012.

Six Guantnamo detainees moved to UruguaySix Guantánamo detainees moved to Uruguay
Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c389c208-7e2e-11e4-b7c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NAB considers float of UK banking unitsNAB considers float of Clydesdale and Yorkshire
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3be17144-5fc9-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Australian banks  shaky foundations© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/02e01060-632c-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM Modi looks to Bihar for future of farmingYou are here: Home > Collections > Farmers
Prime Minister Narendra Modi looks to Bihar for future of farming
Reuters Dec 8, 2014, 03.21AM IST
Tags:
Cargill Inc
(A Cargill's research shows Bihar's yields…)
PURNIA: From his sleepy village in Bihar, Ram Narain arrives at Gulab Bagh market to sell a truckload of corn that will fetch him enough money to buy a motorbike for his son, school uniforms for his daughter and a gift for his wife.
Narain and legions of farmers have more than doubled corn output in just five years by adopting hybrid seeds and good farm practices, a rare success story Prime Minister Narendra Modi wants to replicate in other states. He came to power six months ago by promising faster farm and economic growth.
Traders such as Cargill Inc, Glencore International AG and Louis Dreyfus Commodities BV have set up operations in Purnia, an administrative outpost that now buzzes with trading activity.
"Corn has come as a boon ... helping our children attend good schools and improving our living standards," Narain, 42, said, lending a hand to labourers unloading sacks at the mandi, or wholesale market.
Bihar had an initial advantage as corn is grown year-round to meet local food demand, making it a natural place for traders to seek supplies when demand began to rise. Other states were largely growing corn for animal feed.
The arrival of global traders and the establishment of a market for the crop gave small farmers the confidence to invest in higher-yielding hybrids.
Rising output encouraged banks, a commodity exchange and commodity collateral management companies to move in, opening up Bihar to regional and international trade.
"We acted as a catalyst by establishing a linkage between the market and farmers," B.K. Anand, chief of the grains and oilseeds division of Cargill India, told Reuters.
Local farmers say they now produce 7-8 tonnes a hectare, a figure confirmed by Cargill's own research which shows Bihar's yields catching up with the 10 tonnes achieved in the United States, the world's top producer.
India's average corn yield is just 2 tonnes.
  HIGHER YIELDS
Urbanisation and industrialisation are limiting available agricultural land. Increasing yields addresses the issue and cuts the relative cost of inputs like fertilisers.
India produces 23-24 million tonnes of corn, with Bihar accounting for nearly 3 million tonnes, according to trade and industry estimates. If other big producing states fail to match Bihar's gains, rising consumption would cut into Indian exports that now average 3.4-4.5 million tonnes a year.
With the advent of top-name traders competing for stocks, farmers are now making 12 rupees per kg against 2-3 rupees a few years ago, said Narain, who now grows corn on 2 hectares, up from less than a hectare 5 years ago.
Traders look to buy from local farmers living in the Gulab Bagh area because they can export to neighbouring Nepal and Bangladesh by road. The region is also close to six major ports on the east coast, including Kolkata.
"The daily corn arrival in the Gulab Bagh mandi is around 5,000 tonnes a day against 2,000 tonnes five years ago," reckons Chandan Daga, owner of wholesale trader Arihant Agri.
An assured market encouraged farmers to embrace hybrid seeds by companies such as DuPont Pioneer and they have kept pace with the latest varieties. GMO, or genetically modified, food crops are banned in India.
"Being sturdy and taller, the plants are not prone to rat infestation and damage after hailstorms," farmer Vinod Yadav said of his P3522 variety of seeds, looking at mounds of corn cobs in his back yard.
The government says it hopes to extend Bihar's success in boosting yields and to other leading corn growing states such as Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra.
"We are consulting concerned ministries like agriculture and government research bodies to see how this model can be replicated in other corn growing parts of the country," Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan said.
Buoyed by the sharp rise in physical trade, India's leading commodity exchange NCDEX last year launched a new contract setting Bihar's Gulab Bagh as a delivery centre. The new futures contract gives farmers an idea about the outlook for prices.
"Bihar reveals that by providing a market for farm goods and by allowing trade to determine its own course, we can write a success story even without any active government help," said Amit Sachdev, India representative of the US Grains Council.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Way blames himself for failed fakeBy Mike Jones December 7 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Punter Tress Way, left, attempts to run with a fake punt in the third quarter. It came up short. (Photo by John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Needing a spark with his team down 9-0 midway through the third quarter, facing fourth and five with the ball at their own 33-yard line, Coach Jay Gruden called for a fake punt.
Punter Tress Way took the snap but gained only two yards as he attempted a run up the middle. The outside was wide open, but Way didn’t recognize that until too late. He said that he made the wrong choice.
“Their guy played it perfectly,” Way said. “If he would have ran that up-and-under, we had daylight all across the outside. I should have just followed [tight end] Niles [Paul].”
Gruden said Way’s inexperience showed on the play.
“He is not a running back, but we tried to take a shot,” the coach said. “We tried to get something going. It was fourth-down-and-five and [special teams coordinator] Ben [Kotwica] saw something where he thought the fake would be there. It was worth the shot, and this one Tress didn’t get. One of the few things he hasn’t done all year.”
Way got tackled at the 35-yard line and four plays later, the Rams scored to take a 17-0 lead.
That wasn’t the only special teams blunder of the game. The Rams missed an extra point, a 28-yard field goal attempt and a 38-yard field goal try in the first half. Then, just 4 1/2 minutes after Way’s failed fake, the Rams’ Tavon Austin returned a punt 78 yards for a touchdown.
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered Tuesday in the  Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Hope is that more women in the workforce will raise growthAbe pushes ‘womenomics’ to shake up Japan’s workforce dynamic
Demetri Sevastopulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c42de68-6a89-11e4-bfb4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No significant snow threat this week for D.C. and BaltimoreBy Jason Samenow December 7 Follow @capitalweather
European model simulation valid 7 p.m. Tuesday evening showing storm pulling away with perhaps a little wet snow, but temperatures above freezing (StormVistaWxModels.com)
We’ve been hearing talk about snow early this week, but we’re not really buying it. Yes, there is going to be a coastal storm developing that will bring precipitation to the region Monday night to Tuesday night.
There is a small chance of some sleet/snow at the onset (mainly in our colder suburbs) as well as when the storm moves away Tuesday evening (again, mainly in our colder suburbs), but not a single model shows temps cold enough for accumulation, nor does the pattern support it.
For the I-95 corridor and even points a fair distance west, this is primarily a rain event. For any meaningful snow you’re going to have to go WELL to the northwest, probably west of I-81.
We’ll have more details on this storm tomorrow, but just wanted to briefly address this.
Jason is currently the Washington Post’s weather editor. A native Washingtonian, Jason has been a weather enthusiast since age 10.

SpiceJet pilots flocking to other airlines: ReportSpiceJet pilots flocking to other airlines: Report
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 08:55 IST
With budget carrier SpiceJet wobbling amid a fund drought and the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, the no-frill carrier's pilots are flocking to other airlines in search of a job, industry sources said.
As many as 54 SpiceJet pilots of the over 125 pilots who have quit the airline have already applied for a jobs in the two major airlines - Jet Airways and IndiGo, the sources said.
"The exodus of pilots from SpiceJet continues in view of the prevailing uncertainty. Around 125 pilots have already quit the carrier so far and of them 54 have already applied for a job with Jet Airways and IndiGo," one of the sources said.
Of the 54 pilots, 40 have sought a job with Jet Airways, while the remaining have applied in the budget carrier IndiGo, the sources said.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run as a "going concern".
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA on Saturday withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
The airline, however, said in a statement that surrendering the unused slots to airport operators was a routine practice and that it had already paid November salaries to almost 85 per cent of the employees two days ago.
After reviewing the situation facing the no-frill carrier, DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a "convincing schedule" by 15 December to clear its over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies as well as stop taking bookings beyond one month among others.
As many as 93 arrival and 93 departure slots were withdrawn by the aviation regulator as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September.
It may be mentioned here that Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," he had said.
The regulator would now on also carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles, DGCA sources had said on Saturday.
With reports of slashing of its Boeing fleet by about a third and operate 24 out of its current strength of 35 planes by the middle of next year, its officials said the decision to shrink was part of the airline's restructuring process and cutting costs.
The airline has reported a fifth straight quarter of net losses for July-September, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had registered a net loss of Rs 559 crore.

Buy UltraTech Cement  Sell TCS Today: Sanjeev BhasinMotherson Sumi's German Acquisition to Be EPS Accretive
Indian stock markets are likely to trade cautiously in early trade on Monday. The Nifty fell sharply in last hour of trade on Friday amid profit booking, which triggered stop losses for many traders. Global cues continue to be bullish with oil seeing further weakness and bond yields softening.
The strength in the rupee has reinstated confidence for foreign investors. However, year-end blues could lead to drop in volumes and participation.
Trading calls for next 4 days:
1) Buy ACC: 1490-1505, stop loss 1460, target 1575
2) Buy UltraTech Cement: 2475-2495, stop loss 2420, target 2625
3) Sell TCS: 2575-2600, stop loss 2650, target 2425
4) Sell Tech Mahindra: 2620-2635, stop loss 2685, target 2525
5) Book profits in Sesa Sterlite (return of 4 per cent) and Hindalco (return of 2.5 per cent). ( Read the full story here )
Previous trades: Canara Bank (buy), IDBI (sell), Maruti Suzuki (buy), Tata Motors (buy), Sun Pharma (sell), Ranbaxy (sell). ( See full list there )
Disclaimer: Investors are advised to make their own assessment before acting on the information
Story first published on: December 08, 2014 08:33 (IST)

Delhi cab rape case: Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav arrested in MathuraDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
The cabbie Shiv Kumar Yadav, who allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman here on Friday night, has been arrested in Mathura Sunday evening even as questions were raised over security measures provided by Uber, the US-based cab firm which used his taxi service.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, the 32-year-old driver and a native of Mathura who was living in rented premises here, has been arrested, according to DIG (Agra Range) Lakshmi Singh.
Singh said the cab in which the crime took place was owned by him and he was traced through his mobile number and has been handed over to the Delhi police. The car was recovered from the city late Saturday night.
As a massive search operation was on in Mathura and other parts of Uttar Pradesh to nab the accused, Delhi Police had yesterday announced a cash reward of Rs one lakh for his arrest.
“The vehicle has been found and is being brought to Delhi and FSL examination by forensic experts will be done here. 12 teams are carrying out the search operation and we are getting full support from local police at Mathura,” said Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat.
The police have also issued a notice to Uber, the US-based cab service provider, under section 161 CrPC to join investigation in the case.
“We have issued them a notice to join investigation. There are norms to operate such cab service set by the Transport Department and we will see whether they were followed or not,” said Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma.
The shocking incident, which took place days ahead of the second anniversary of the December 16 gangrape, brought back memories of the horrific crime as shock and anger erupted both online and offline.
According to the police, neither the driver was verified nor the cab had a GPS tracker.
The company has issued a statement, saying that it was providing all help to the police in the investigation.
“Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done.
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licenced driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” said Evelyn Tay, an Uber spokeswoman.
The driver did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and the only link the service provider had with him was an Smartphone App which he exited after the incident, the police said.
“The accused (Yadav) is being brought to Delhi,” said Deputy Commissioner of Delhi Police (North) Madhur Verma.
According to Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Manzil Saini, he was arrested from near a marriage hall along the Delhi-Agra highway under Mathura’s Sadar police station.
A case has been registered at Sarai Rohilla police station in Delhi under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
Yadav, who was driving the Uber cab, allegedly raped the woman around 9:30 PM on Friday when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat of the car only to wake up and find that they had stopped at a secluded spot. She found that the car doors were locked and, when she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed her and then committed rape, the police said.
The accused then dropped her off near her home in Inderlok
after threatening to kill her if she spoke about it to anybody, it said.
Quoting the complaint, the police said that the woman had dined with her friends after her shift ended at 7 PM and one of her friends dropped her till Vasant Vihar from where she hired the cab to return home.
Uber, an international cab-booking service, has its headquarters in New York. It also could not immediately provide the call log as details were said to be stored at the company’s headquarters,
the police said.
Commenting on the issue, Kunal Lalani, president of Association of Radio Taxis in India, condemned the incident and said that the guilty should be booked immediately.
“The cab company concerned must come forward and extend whole-hearted cooperation to the authorities probing the incident. This one-off incident has prompted all the taxi/cab companies to further tighten their background checks of its own employees/drivers prior to employing them to ensure that such heinous activity does not occur in future,” he said.
“This incident also calls for a stronger government regulation of taxi players which do not essentially operate under the licenced format of taxis and merely function as aggregators. We will take this up with the government,” Lalani said.
According to Police, Yadav originally hails from Elau police station area of Mainpuri district in Uttar Pradesh and was residing in a rented accommodation in Chandrapuri locality in Mathura.
When the police team reached at his residence, he was not present there.
In the evening, the joint team headed by ASP Ajay Pal of Uttar Pradesh Police arrested him from a house in Mathura which was about a kilometre away from his rented accommodation.
The police said identity of the owner of the house from where Yadav was arrested was yet to be ascertained.
During investigation, prime facie it has come to fore that criminal negligence was made out on the part of Uber, the US-based cab firm, as a number of shortcomings was found on their part as neither the driver was verified nor GPS tracking device was installed in the car, police officials said, adding Yadav was working with Uber since last six month.
Senior police officials will decide what action should be taken against the firm for the negligence, they said.
The police team along with Yadav will reach Delhi by midnight and he will be produced before a court here today.
The Delhi Police team along with Yadav reached the national capital around 11:15 PM.
Yadav will be produced before a local court tomorrow where the police will seek his custody for interrogation.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Cab
More from companies

Special Report: Japan Technology & Innovation©Toyota
In this report
Among investors, Japan is often still seen as the spiritual home of the flabby conglomerate, but there is a renewed focus on technology and innovation and companies are not only making advances in robotics, there are also big changes coming in electronics, especially for the automotive industry.

Delhi taxi rape angers B-Town celebsBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 9:12 am
The news of a 25-year-old woman’s rape by a taxi driver in New Delhi  has “appalled” filmmaker Karan Johar, while Bollywood star Akshay Kumar wonders “how many more such incidents before we have stricter laws?” (Read – Delhi rape case: Cabbie Shiv Kumar Yadav arrested in Mathura, notice sent to Uber MD )
A 25-year-old woman was allegedly raped by a cab driver on Friday night after she took the cab around 9.30 p.m. from Vasant Vihar area in the capital – the city where six rapes and 14 molestation cases were reported every day the first four months of 2014. (Read: Delhi govt considering cancellation of Uber’s permit to operate in Delhi )
Angered by the incident, here’s what the stars tweeted:
Akshay Kumar: You hire a cab thinking its safer and pay more but sadly even that isn’t an option anymore. Not sure how many more such incidents before we have stricter laws! #DelhiShamedAgain
Karan Johar: Appalled at the @Uber incident!! If they didn’t do an adequate background check of the driver they have no reason to operate anywhere!!!!
Rohit Roy: Just the other day, a friend was recommending Uber very highly… Now this!! Appalling. It’s like the guard at ur home robbing U!!
Vishal Dadlani: Taking a cab alone at night? Take a picture of the driver, with the numberplate, & send it to a friend. Should act as a basic deterrent.
According to a recent compilation of data by Delhi Police, 616 rapes and 1,336 molestation cases were registered between January 1 and April 30 – a 36 percent increase in rape cases compared to around 450 cases registered in the same period last year.
Data of the first four months of 2014 show that six rapes and 14 molestation cases have been reported every day. Police, however, claim to have solved almost 90 percent of the cases.
Cases of molestation recorded in the same corresponding period show a similar rise with over 1,000 registered cases.

Infosys Falls 4% as Founders Said to Sell SharesYou are here: Home Market
Infosys Falls 5% as Founders Said to Sell Shares
NDTV | Updated On: December 08, 2014 15:14 (IST)
Motherson Sumi's German Acquisition to Be EPS Accretive
Infosys shares fell over 5 per cent on Monday on the back of a large block deal involving sale of 32.6 million shares. The sale of shares reportedly took place at Rs 1,988 each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close. ( Track stock )
The sellers were four founders of Infosys - Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, S.D. Shibulal and K. Dinesh. The transactions are valued at about $1.1 billion at the discounted price. ( Read the full story here )
Most of these executives have left the company since current CEO Vishal Sikka took office in August. The founders and their families held a combined 91.5 million shares, or nearly 8 per cent of Infosys' outstanding shares, according to the company's annual report.
Shares in Infosys traded at the bottom on the 50-share Nifty because of the block deal. As of 3.10 p.m., Infosys shares traded 5 per cent lower at Rs 1,968 on the NSE and underperformed the broader CNX IT index, which traded 3.2 per cent down. ( Track stock )
(With inputs from Reuters)

Oil Prices Down After Lacklustre Chinese Trade DataYou are here: Home Commodities
Oil Prices Down After Lacklustre Chinese Trade Data
Agence France Presse | Updated On: December 08, 2014 09:23 (IST)
India to Weigh Gold Policy Impact After Spurt in November Imports
Singapore: Crude hit fresh five-year-lows Monday following another weak batch of trade data out of China, while prices were also pressured by the strengthening dollar, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for January delivery was down 81 cents at $65.03 in late-morning trade. Brent crude slipped 82 cents to $68.25.
WTI is sitting at its lowest point since July 2009 and Brent is at lows not seen since October 2009, with the contract continuing to be hurt by OPEC's decision last month to maintain output despite a global supply glut.
"Investors are casting their eye on the Chinese trade data at the moment... weakness could mean pressure on Brent," said David Lennox, resource analyst at Fat Prophets in Sydney.
China said Monday that exports grew just 4.7 per cent year-on-year to $211.66 billion in November while imports dropped 6.7 per cent to $157.19 billion.
Analysts had expected exports to grow 8.0 per cent and imports to expand 3.9 per cent.
Falling commodity prices, including oil, which has slumped by about 40 per cent since June, "will have weighed on the value of commodity imports", research house Capital Economics said in a note.
"The sharp fall (in Chinese imports) also hints at a further cooling of domestic demand," it said.
Trade figures out of China, the world's top energy consumer, are closely watched for their impact on crude prices, especially the more internationally leveraged Brent contract.
The latest figures come as China struggles with weakness in its industrial and financial sectors, prompting the country's central bank last month to cut benchmark interest rates for the first time in more than two years.
Oil prices have also been hit by a pick-up in the dollar, which surged Friday in reaction to figures showing the US economy created 321,000 jobs in November, its best monthly performance in nearly three years.
The dollar was at 121.55 yen on Monday compared with 121.44 yen in New York Friday afternoon.
A stronger greenback makes dollar-priced oil more expensive for buyers using weaker currencies, denting demand and pushing prices lower.
Story first published on: December 08, 2014 09:20 (IST)

Infosys  SpiceJet  ICICI Bank in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
Infosys, SpiceJet, ICICI Bank in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: December 08, 2014 13:55 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened flat on Monday as indicated by futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Foreign investors remained net sellers of Indian equities on Friday as they had sold stocks worth Rs 109 crore in cash market. However domestic investors were net buyers to the extent of Rs 166 crore. Sentiment is likely to be positive as Brent crude price remained below $70 a barrel.
Here are the stocks likely to see action today:
Infosys: As per reports four Infosys founders are looking to sell 3.2 crore shares in the company for personal and philanthropy reasons at Rs 1,988 per share against Friday's closing price of Rs 2,063.40 per share on NSE. As of September 30, promoters held 15.9 per cent stake in the company.
SpiceJet: Its board is meeting today to take up recapitalisation plan of the company and payment of dues to different vendors. The aviation regulator has asked the airline to submit a payment plan by December 15 to clear over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors.
ICICI Bank has announced sale of its Russian banking subsidiary, which has assets of $114 million to Sovcombank in Russia. Transaction price will be determined on the completion of the deal. The bank expects to complete the deal by end of this financial year. Morgan Stanley says this is a step in right direction.
Aurobindo Pharma has completed the acquisition of assets of Natrol Inc and its other affiliate entities for $132.5 million. Natrol Inc is a nutritional supplement maker.
Thermax has bagged an order worth Rs 351 crore from a leading African industrial major. Under this order it will build a captive power plant for one of the conglomerate's cement plants.
State Bank of India is planning to raise $300 million through a bond issue. The bonds will be issued by its London branch and will carry a coupon of 3.95 per cent, payable semi-annually.
Nestle India goes ex-dividend today. The company had declared an interim dividend of Rs 8 per share on December 3, 2014.
Story first published on: December 08, 2014 13:55 (IST)

Rupee Falls to 61.93 on Broad Dollar RiseYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Falls to 61.93 on Broad Dollar Rise
Reuters | Updated On: December 08, 2014 10:09 (IST)
Rupee Ends at 62.94, Sees Biggest One-Day Fall in Over 4 Months
The rupee was trading weaker at 61.93/94 vs Friday's close of 61.77/78 as dollar rose post US payrolls.
Most Asian currencies were trading weaker vs dollar. Index of the dollar against six majors was up 0.04 per cent. Dollar traded at over 5-year high against basket of majors after robust payrolls.
Foreign institutional investors have bought debt worth $1.2 billion so far in December. The Indian unit is seen trading in 61.80 to 62.20 range during the day, traders said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Seeing return of retail participation in market: Chitra Ramkrishna08:00 am
The retail participation in the market has definitely gone up over the past 20 years and today there are close to 2 crore retail investors, says , Chitra Ramkrishna, MD & CEO, NSE, adding that it is still a very small proportion of the “total savours in the market.”
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Ramkrishna said that disinvestment in large navratna PSUs are good pegs around which one can see the retail money coming in, which in turn helps in building a good momentum around retail participation.
Below is the transcript of Chitra Ramkrishna’s interview with Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Just about a few weeks back you all celebrated your 20 years at NSE, 15 years here, what has been the biggest challenge? Has it been technology, has it been expectations? 
A: My heartiest congratulations to CNBC. As I was just sharing with your team, we have all been fortunate to be part of a period in markets where there have been tremendous changes and some of us have had a chance to be part of those changes. 
As electronic media you all have done a wonderful job of bringing a lot of transparency and information to the market. So, a very warm congratulations to all of you. 
Latha: You have seen the markets in 2003, you have seen the markets before, does it feel like a very big moment? Do you see retail participation yet again? 
A: Let us put it this way, that in these 20 years if you see how the markets have transformed, definitely the retail participation in the markets has increased. Today we are talking about close to 2 crore retail investors in the market but as I never tire of saying it is really a very small proportion of the total savers in the market. So, there is enough of task in front of people like you and us in the next 10 years. 
Reema: While we have seen an improvement in market breadth, we are still a long way compared to mature markets like the US as well as in London. What is your gut telling you, how soon can India be counted amongst those developed markets? 
A: Let us look at it this way; what does it take to build market breadth? There are three key factors as I can think of. First is you need to be able to offer a variety of products which serve different customer needs. I think we have about got there because today we are all multi asset class markets with equity, currency and fixed income most recently. So, that is a very good step for us to build on.
The second is that when we talk of breadth of markets, we talk about what kind of savings actually gets channelised into the market. So, one is direct savings and second is indirect savings. When we talk about direct savings definitely the number which we talked about, more retail investors in the market, okay, but the second piece I think is something we all have been talking about which is indirect savings in the form of retrial monies and how and when they will start participating in the market. 
I think even as late as last week, we have been reading about how EPFO and others are seriously looking at putting some portion of the retrial monies into the market. I think these can be game changers in building the breadth in the market. 
Thirdly also it is about how much inclusion we are able to build into our agenda. When we talk about inclusion, we should talk on two facets. One is the issuers side so that it is not only 1600 companies which are able to raise capital from the market, how much are small and medium enterprises going to be able to raise money from the market efficiently and how much penetration can we actually achieve? Even today beyond the top 100 cities there are less than 10 lakh investors who come in. So, what we can we do to increase that? I think all these augur for building breadth in the market.
Latha: When I was asking you to compare with 2003, what I want to know us how do you gauge the flavour of the moment? We have had one damn good year in the equity markets, is it getting into a broader retail participation in your numbers, in the way you watch the markets? Are you getting a sense that there is a lot of growing retail interest? 
A: What I definitely sort of hear from many of my brokers is that definitely retail has started to come back in the market. Some of that is dormant investors who have started to now become active again. However, ETF initiative has brought in a lot of people who were not in the equity market before. 
So, I do see that coming in and typically large good navratna PSU disinvestments like the ones that we are seeing are very good pegs around which you see retail money coming in. We have seen that earlier so I think that helps us to build a good momentum around retail participation coming back. 
Latha: You spoke about ETF, now that is an exchange initiative that has increased inclusion as you put it, anything more that you have in mind in terms of inclusion or just new products?
A: While we have the broad categories of new products definitely there is tremendous interest and potential to see variety of ETFs. So, it could be different thematic kind of ETFs or sectoral ETFs. 
So, we are hard at work trying to create some of those kind of products which will go well. However, from a mass perspective if you see, SIPs on ETF is the way to build that saving culture and bring a lot more retail in to the market. CPSE ETF for example, again another great idea. 
Latha: Has it picked up? 
A: No, it hasn’t yet picked up but ETF itself hasn’t yet picked up as much as we would all like to see. So, I think these are all different bets that one has to try and see which one catches the fancy of retail. 
Reema: Participation of retail is still very low. How can we incorporate technology to improve financial inclusion? 
A: This is what I would say is on top our minds when we talk about technology because technology helps reach people and gives information to people which hitherto could have been a cost or an access barrier. 
So, technology to penetrate into new places, second technology to ease the end-to-end access to our market, so, whether it is a mobile platform, whether it is internet these are all the different initiatives that one can think about.
RELATED NEWS

Sena  violence hits  Kiss of love  protestNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
The ‘Kiss of Love’ also referred to by some as ‘Kiss in the Street’ protest against moral policing on Sunday was marred by sporadic violence in parts of the city with those for and against it coming to blows creating a tense situation, following which police chased them away with lathis and took few of them into custody.
About 20-odd ‘Kiss of Love’ activists, first converged at the mofussil bus-stand here by about 3 PM where about 100 spectators and workers of ‘Hanuman sena’, had gathered.
When the activists started kissing, the spectators rushed towards them. Police tried to chase them away and took into custody the protesters and workers of the ‘Hanuman Sena’.
Television footage showed protesters being dragged by police.
Kozhikode City Police commissioner, A V George confirmed that some activists of the ‘Kiss of Love’ and ‘Hanuman Sena’ have been taken into custody.
“They were taken into custody as a precautionary measure and will be let off without registering any case,”, he later told reporters.
Unlike in Kochi, the organisers of the ‘Kiss of Love’ protest had decided to hold the agitation in different streets in Kozhikode, naming the protest as ‘Kiss in the Street’.
At the famed Sweat Meat street called ‘Mithai Theruva’, famous for ‘Kozhikode Halwas’, activists allegedly belonging to Shiv Sena, attacked documentary film maker Didi Damodaran and her husband after they kissed each other, expressing solidarity with the ‘Kiss of Love’ protest.
Poet and filmmaker Jayan K Cherian, who was also taken into custody by police, said he had not come to participate in the protest.
“A middle-aged couple were standing there holding hands and were taken into custody. I was explaining this to a TV channel when I was also taken into custody,” Cherian said.
Describing the police action as ‘shameful’, he said the ‘Kiss of Love’ activists should have been given space to protest. They were arrested immediately after they reached the bus-stand and this was against democratic procedures, he said.
“These people were only exercising their right and they were forcibly taken into custody by police,” he told a television channel.
The ‘Kiss of Love’ protest had failed to take off at Kochi on November 2 after police took into custody the activists before they reached the venue at Marine Drive.
A Facebook collective of “Free Thinkers” led by Rahul Pasupalan, an IT professional and short filmmaker had been arrested and removed by police when they tried to stage the kiss protest at Kochi.
However, there was an outpouring of solidarity for the cause, represented by the collective and similar protests held in various places outside Kerala, including college campuses.
Rahul had said there were plans to hold similar protests in two or three places in Kozhikode.
Those who participated in the protest at Kozhikode included a theatre group of Transgenders from Chennai.
The Group of Facebook users had called for the programme to protest the vandalism by Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha volunteers at a hotel in Kozhikode in October this year, alleging that immoral activities were going on there.
TAGS: Kiss Of Love
More from miscellaneous

Chinese imports fall as weak investment saps demandChinese imports fall as weak investment saps demand
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cdf70e08-7e8d-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China heads for Q3 GDP slump despite export surgeSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

50% IIT-Bombay job aspirants placed in first...At IIT-B, around 15 students have been offered a crore-plus packages this year by Facebook, Oracle, Google, Microsoft, Samsung.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: More than 50% of the students who used campus placements at IIT-B got an offer by the end of the first week of this year's session.
At other campuses too, the first week closed on a high note with more students getting offers as compared to 2013. At IIT-B, around 15 students have been offered a crore-plus packages this year by Facebook , Oracle, Google , Microsoft , Samsung. E-commerce and start-up firms have hired maximum number of students this year across IITs.
At IIT-B, 700 students found placements by Sunday evening. In 2013, nearly 900 students were hired in the first phase that ended on December 19. "This year with an upbeat first week, the institute is planning to place around 1,000 students by the end of the first phase," said placement manager Mohak Mehta.
"Sometimes students who don't find jobs lose motiva tion at this point due to the hype associated with placement season. We are trying to address this by calling our alumni to counsel students for the remaining sessions," said Mehta. At IIT-Madras by the end of Day five, 669 offers were made and 589 students got placements. Around 150 companies have visited the campus so far. There is a 25% increase in the number of offers made at the institute this year, stated a release issued by the institute.
At IIT-Roorkee, 35% of the total batch have found employment. N P Padhy, professor in charge of placements, said, "The number of offers have gone up tremendously this year with 45-60 new companies visiting our campus.
Several firms which got to other IITs usually do not come to IIT-Roorkee. This time we invited them using our alumni network." The domestic packages have gone up by Rs 2-4 lakh this year, said the professor. Oracle picked a couple of students from the campus with a Rs 1.8 crore package, including stock options.
According to Aditya Jain from IIT-Kanpur, start-ups were the highlight of this year's campus placements.

 Infosys Founders Seeking $1.1 Billion via Stake SaleMotherson Sumi's German Acquisition to Be EPS Accretive
Hong Kong: Some of the founders of Infosys Ltd want to sell shares for $1.1 billion (Rs 6,807 crore) in the Indian IT outsourcing company, a person familiar with the matter said, months after the company picked its first outsider as chief executive officer.
Infosys shares slumped nearly 5 per cent to Rs 1,968 on the National Stock Exchange today. (Read: Infosys Falls 4% as Founders Said to Sell Shares )
Four of the original founders, co-founders and their families are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close, the person said.
Deutsche Bank is the sole book runner of the sale and the books were covered just after the launch, said Thomson Reuters publication IFR. It named the founders as Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, S.D. Shibulal and K. Dinesh.
The person declined to be named as the matter remained confidential and Infosys executives were not immediately available for comment.
Infosys, established by seven engineers in 1981, chose Vishal Sikka as its CEO in June in a bid to overhaul a company that was once the poster child of India's $100-plus billion (Rs 6,18,800 crore) IT services industry but which had in recent years scrambled against rivals for low-margin contracts. Some investor said Infosys failed to move up the value-chain due to its risk averse management team which was largely comprised of the company's founders and co-founders.
Most of these executives have left the company since Mr Sikka took office in August.
The founders and their families held a combined 91.5 million shares, or nearly 8 per cent of Infosys' outstanding shares, according to the company's annual report.
Infosys shares are up 18.8 per cent so far this year, while the benchmark Nifty is up about 35.4 per cent.
($1 = Rs 61.8830)

See addition of 1% to GDP if gas  power issues resolved08:00 am
India has all the basic ingredients for growth and it can achieve it if right steps are taken, said Chanda Kochhar, MD & CEO, ICICI Bank . She sees an addition of 1 percent to GDP, if issues related to coal, gas and power are resolved.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Kochhar said there is enough liquidity in the market and feels RBI’s actions will maintain a smooth situation.
“As far as policy rates are concerned, I believe it was expected given RBI’s clear stance on watching inflation, that December is probably a little too early for them to act. The positive side is they've clearly said that there seems to be some headroom in the coming quarter,” she said.
Below is the excerpt of the interview
Q: On Liquidity…
A: So, I think there is enough liquidity actually. Again what RBI has also done a fabulous in terms of maintaining a very smooth situation here, so I don't think it is going to be a concern.
As far as the policy rates in concerned, I believe it was expected that given that RBI's clear stance on watching inflation, that December is probably a little too early for them to act. The positive side is they've clearly said that there seems to be some headroom in the coming quarter.
Q: On deposit rates…
A: We must remember that whatever changes we make to the deposit rates, these are only marginal changes in the sense only for the deposits that are raised additionally or marginally. On overall cost of funds it makes even less difference, but I would only treat this as a signal to say that softening is kind of being seen now.
¶
Q: Attracting fund flows…
A: I think even when we look at global figures, currently we are at quite a sweet spot. I mean, with all process being with where it is and so far actually even the monetary policy globally has not changed substantially. So we are in fact at a sweet spot and I think we should use this to the best of our advantage and in a way make things happen which can start attracting fund flow now rather than later.
RELATED NEWS

Thermax shares hit record high  up 6% on order in AfricaDec 08, 2014, 11.04 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Thermax shares hit record high, up 6% on order in Africa
The energy and environment major won a repeat order from a leading African industrial major, for supplying a captive power project for one of the conglomerate's cement plants, said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Thermax shares hit record high, up 6% on order in Africa
The energy and environment major won a repeat order from a leading African industrial major, for supplying a captive power project for one of the conglomerate's cement plants, said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Thermax climbed as much as 6.4 percent intraday Monday to hit a record high of Rs 1,131.80 on bagging order in Africa to build and commission a captive power plant.
The energy and environment major won a repeat order from a leading African industrial major, for supplying a captive power project for one of the conglomerate's cement plants, said the company in its filing.
The power plant will be commissioned within a time frame of 15-16 months, it added. The scope of work includes system design, manufacture, supply and supervision of erection and commissioning of the plant.
At 10:56 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,103.00, up Rs 38.20, or 3.59 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Few narrow minded people against Ram templeNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Former Union Home Minister Swami Chinmyanand said that a few “narrow minded” people were against the construction of Ram temple in Ayodhya and hoped that it will be built with people’s support.
Describing Hashim Ansari, the oldest litigant of the Babri mosque case, as a saint, he said “Hashim Ansari is talking as a ‘bairagi’ (saint) about Ramlala’s existence”.
Hashim Ansari had said that “the issue of Ayodhya dispute we are fighting in the court is not a conflict for a mosque or a temple, but it is a battle between rule of law and anarchy, it is a confrontation between the order and the mob, so let’s see what is the future.”
“I will meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and I am sure he will do justice,” Ansari had said.
Swami Chinmyanand, who is also the chief priest of Parmarth Niketan Ashram, Haridwar, on the margins of an event here, told reporters that youth of India are inspired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and claimed that Modi is more popular than Nawaz Sharif in Pakistan.
He was made Union minister of state for Home in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government in 2003.
TAGS: Atal Bihari Vajpayee Hashim Ansari Narendra Modi Swami Chinmyanand
More from miscellaneous

Govt asks Air India to slash expenses by 10 per centGovernment asks Air India to slash expenses by 10 per cent
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 11:32 IST
Photo: Reuters
Facing a cash crunch, Air India (AI) was asked by the government to slash expenditure on operational heads by ten per cent and improve performance and passenger facilitation, officials said.
The direction came after top airline officials including CMD Rohit Nandan made a presentation on Air India's performance parameters at a meeting with Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju and his Minister of State Mahesh Sharma in the national capital.
The officials said Air India, burdened by losses of about Rs 5,400 crore in 2013-14, was asked by the Minister to strive to prune its operational costs by at least ten per cent.
The Minister also told the airline officials to improve on-time performance of its flights by reducing delays and providing timely and proper information to passengers about any delay.
The passengers hit by flight delays should be provided with refreshments and alternate connections in case of major delays, they said, adding that a system of leadership should be established at the operational level to meet any crisis.
Raju reviewed Air India's performance over the last six months and noted the improvement in its market-share and financial performance, but said accelerated efforts should be made to improve profitability to achieve a faster turnaround, especially when jet fuel prices have come down substantially.
Constant efforts should be made to ensure that the rich benefits earned by Air India by entering into the Star Alliance should be sustained, the Minister said.
Stressing optimum utilisation of resources, Raju suggested greater utilisation of its subsidiary, Air India Engineering Services Limited, so that most of the aircraft repairs and maintenance activities are carried out in-house and savings made.
Improvements in the in-flight entertainment system and other passenger-related activities should be carried out in order to meet the expectations of the travelling public, the Minister said.
Issues relating to streamlining the pay-scales and promotions of employees of the two erstwhile state-run airlines following the merger also need to be addressed expeditiously, the Minister emphasised at the review meeting.

Rewind 1999: Damani  Suri  Samir Arora gauge mkt strength08:00 am
Market veterans are gung-ho about the bull market continuing as the government stays the course on reforms and the macro economic environment improves. An unexpected bonus for the economy and the market has been the steep fall in crude oil prices.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Atul Suri of Rare Enterprises said it is a buy on dips market but it is better to follow the longer trends in the market. He believes Nifty will rally nearly 22 percent over the next six-nine months and will touch 10,460 by mid 2015.
Everything is favouring India including increasing investor demand, HNI support, fall in crude prices, stability in rupee and therefore, market will rally further though it may pull back in the short-term, Suri adds.      
According to him, pharma companies are set for a three-five year bull run. He also expects a 40 percent move in midcap space and a big move in PSU banks going ahead.
Helios Capital founder and fund manager Samir Arora, too, is bullish on India and believes the fall in crude oil prices is big positive for India. He continues to prefer private sector banks like ING Vysya and believes Kotak-ING deal is positive for the stock.
Adding to the discussion, BSE member Ramesh Damani said it is unwise to call market at the top right now as there is some more steam left. He recommends buying interest rate cyclicals and is bullish on sectors like e-commerce, logistics and media.
Below is verbatim transcript of the discussion:
Q: What is the advise as you wind back 15 years, what would have been the best advise you gave investors then and what would you give them now?
Damani: India is a land of opportunity. Sometimes you tend to be cynical about it but if we look back at my own career, starting at 1989 when index was 800, today when it is closer to 30,000, it has gone off 40 times in a period of 25 years.
In the 15 years that you have been present, the index has gone up 6 times. So investment is a long-term process and if you try to write-off the peaks and the values, you will do alright because the Sensex itself is compounding at about 15-16 percent year-on-year (Y-o-Y).
It may not be every year but over a period of time the average is 16 percent. Look at Indian equities, India is a great place right now to build businesses, to create industry and the market is rewarding that.
 
Q: Fifteen years then and now, how does it feel?
Arora: I have started in May 1995, so I have seen the entire history. We were also the only firm allottees in the CNBC IPO in 2000. But in the last 15 years the Nifty index in dollar terms has outperformed Berkshire Hathway. So for an individual who reads about Warren Buffett and wants to copy him, just having invested in the market would have beaten Berkshire since 1998-1999.
Q: For new generation, for first time investors, this still gets a bit skeptical after the 35 percent rally. We watch CNBC-TV18 everyday and we say oh, it has gone down, it has gone up so much and you start getting worried. So with the Nifty at 8,550, would you recommend to start a systematic investment plan (SIP) even today?
Suri: I think this is a strong case for it. In my journey in 15 years, I use technicals, I use different mediums of analysing markets and we see a lot of technicals.
We see daily in-out, no criticism of that but it has been my experience and it has come through a lot of pain and a lot of study and a long journey that you make money with the larger trends. This comes down to the earlier point that Samir Arora and Ramesh Damani made that if you had played the larger trends, whether you use technicals or fundamentals, that was the way to make money.
We get very focused on intraday movements and short-term movements. So when you see long journeys of these long returns, the problem is that the volatility in between very often when markets dip, markets fail, everyone gets nervous and people generally sell out of the bottom.
If one had looked at longer trends, one had stayed longer, this is definitely the most enriching way you can make money in the financial markets. You have to stomach the volatility and only way to stomach the volatility is to look at longer trends or be invested for longer terms.
Q: The market has dipped a bit but now back in flat terrain and the advance declines have been almost two stocks in the green for one in the red, what is your sense for the short-term? We did see some bit of FII selling, quite a few promoters sold today, it is not just  Infosys which is the big news but smaller stocks, Jubilant, Reliance Capital sold a bit in Inox as well Thangamayil’s promoters were selling, are you getting a sense that for the moment this correction away from the 8,630 mark could prolong for a bit?
Suri: Even if it does, you may have a 2 percent or 3 percent correction, I feel it is a buy on dip market because I still hold the thesis that I have been saying for the last 10 months or a year that I see the Nifty - it is again a technical view - at 10,460.
I have been saying this since a year and I still think that there is a 20-22 percent gain and this is going to come in the next six-nine months.
Q: Is there a date for this 10,000?
Suri: Yes, it is mid-2015. So I would give it a six-nine months kind of a phase. I think there is a lot of money to be made whether it is through SIP or if the market corrects, it is an opportunity because you look at the changing environment, you look at the mood that is changing domestically, people were redeeming domestic mutual funds. But you do see SIPs coming, you do see people who are HNIs, who put property investments, which you have been very good on the block and are looking to move that into equity.
Look at what is happening globally, look at global markets, look what is happening to the currencies, you look what is happening to the commodities, so I think there is a lot happening in the last three months or so which makes the case for India much stronger.
Crude, currency, inflation, your domestic bond yields are pointing to something else and that is why this target would have looked crazy ten months ago, looks optimist today, will look pessimist six months from now.
Q: What is your call? Do you think that for the next six months there is still a lot of money to be made?
Arora: Not for only next six months but for the next numbers of years money will be made because although it is true that the government progress in terms of announcement is happening but not really many people are seeing things on the ground.
However, these things invariably happen with time if all the building blocks are in place but the biggest event is the decline in oil prices, which is independent of the government and in some sense is as big as the government's coming into power or BJP coming into power or Modi coming into power.
If Modi had not come to power and Congress was in place, but oil prices had been as low as they are today, you would still have had maybe 20 percent rally in the markets till now instead of the 35 percent. So, today to focus on only one is not enough. Luck has played a big part but that is part and parcel of the package because different individual have different luck.
When I used to interview analyst in the past I always used to ask them whether they are lucky or not that is part of the package. Today, the oil is very massive thing and it is true that this Parliament session is a white-wash but if it had been very good but oil had been USD 100/bbl, it would not have made as big a difference.
So look at it in a holistic sense that it is India’s time and many people say that this is luck. I tweeted on this a few weeks ago that Middle East was looking for water and they found oil but 5-20 years, 100 years later it is considered part and parcel of their birth right that they should have high oil prices and they can go to 5th Avenue and say we like this building where an Indian says can I buy this DVD.
Luck is part and parcel and maybe it is our time right now even if it is short-term but it is very big and it is nearly as big as what the government can do or has done so far.
Reema: Given the mood - the decline in crude prices, global markets what will be an appropriate price to earnings (PE) multiple that India can trade at according to you?
Damani: Unfortunately I never look at this kind of stuff because the Sensex itself is comprised of multiple companies. Great companies will always trade at premium to the market and they will continue to trade premium to the market. I am not in too much into this macro stuff so I will pass that question.
Latha: 10,460 in the next six months or mid 2015, seven months at best what will be the leaders of this rally?
Suri: If you look at the market I feel the biggest trend that is been playing out sectorally if that is the question has been pharma. Pharma has been, if you look at some of the charts of these larger pharma companies it’s been a three-five year bull market and multibaggers.
The beauty is that as I said the volatility is what kills it has been a very low volatility sector. It is not about absolute returns, it is about the trend and the less volatile trend that is what helps an investor or a trader to stay in the trade and compound. In the medium-term the sector that has been interesting and I still think because historically I found is an automobile.
Autos and specially ancillaries it is much larger than just the index has been beautiful and there has been a lot of money being made. However, the surprise the trade for 2015 is what is going to happen for bond yields. Bond yields which are at sub 8 percent at the moment will head to run 7.2 percent again that is the chart reading I am not a specialist in debt market but it is pure chart reading. People may say it is going to take a year I think it takes six to nine months. This is going to have a very big kicker on public sector undertaking (PSU) banks.
It is lovely to be in a space where people are short or people are bearish, under weight and with bond yields the way they are going to fall you are going to have a very big move in PSU banks. This is going to the surprise trade of 2015 and always the unloved or the unlike space is where the surprise is happen. So, we are in for a positive surprise and if PSU banks move you have your Bank Nifty which has a knocked on effect on the Nifty this will be a space that will surprise.

Australia seeks to ease Qantas ownership curbsAustralia seeks to ease Qantas foreign ownership rules
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e41110da-a297-11e3-ba21-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Qantas to axe 5 000 jobs amid A$252m lossQantas to axe 5,000 jobs amid A$252m loss
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9bda40c8-9f3d-11e3-a48e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SpiceJet s poison could be aviation s cure | Stock falls nearly 13%You are here: Home > Collections
Curbs on SpiceJet may lead to increase in ticket prices
Anirban Chowdhury & Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 10.08AM IST
Tags:
Air India
(Some analysts reckon that…)
NEW DELHI|MUMBAI: The aviation regulator's directive to Spice-Jet to limit advance bookings to just a month and its withdrawing 186 flights are likely to increase airfares substantially in the future, which may disappoint passengers but bring some respite to its peers.
The budget airline had recently unleashed a string of special fares, often catching competition off guard. While some airlines feel that the regulator's action would lead to sanity in pricing, others feel that it would actually result in competitive pricing for last-minute bookings.
Some analysts reckon that spot fares are indeed expected to soften as SpiceJet will increasingly compete in this space in the coming days. "If limiting bookings to one month for SpiceJet continues, the airline will have to fill all its seats in the past one month. This would only lead to aggressive pricing by the airline in the past one month to fill its seats, hence, a fare war in the last-minute bookings. This surely won't be good for the aviation industry," said an Air India official.
"There would definitely be some sanity in pricing because of the move, at least in the short term. For the past few months, SpiceJet was the only airline which had pushed the industry into spates of flash sales, which were often not conducive to margins," said another executive with a domestic carrier.
Some travel analysts fear that the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) order will lead to advance purchase inventory and may impact growth in the market.
"The air passenger market has seen excellent growth this year after a lapse of two years on the back of great prices available for advance bookings. The recent move by the DGCA will result in a reduction in inventory for advance purchases and a consequent increase in fares, which could lead to a slowdown in the air market," said Sharat Dhall, president at Yatra.com, an online travel portal.
The Indian aviation market saw over 20 discount offerings led by SpiceJet since January this year, triggering a huge increase in the number of passengers, as average fares in some sectors witnessed a drop.
A Makemytrip.com data shows that fares in the past six months have dropped in some key sectors, including Hyderabad-Chennai, Kochi-Bangalore, Delhi-Mumbai, Mumbai-Chennai, Chennai-Hyderabad, Delhi-Bhubaneshwar, among others. The drop in fares had been in the range of 17 to 40per cent.
Industry analysts, however, feel that the low fare regime will only see a temporary moderation, as other airlines would continue to offer discounts. "I do not see lower fare regime changing, but temporary moderation is possible with the DGCA order on SpiceJet. The aviation market in India continues to be competitively placed and expect airline fares to reflect passenger sensitivity. I hope to see stability in offering fares closer to departure," said Kapil Kaul, CEO of CAPA in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asia Stocks Dip  Sombre Data Offsets Strong US Job NumbersYou are here: Home Market
Asia Stocks Dip, Sombre Data Offsets Strong US Job Numbers
Reuters | Updated On: December 08, 2014 12:00 (IST)
Motherson Sumi's German Acquisition to Be EPS Accretive
Tokyo: Asian shares were mostly lower on Monday after sobering data highlighted the sluggishness of the region's key economies and tempered the lift from much stronger-than-expected US employment numbers.
Spreadbetters expected a subdued start for European stocks, forecasting Britain's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAC to open effectively flat.
The dollar hovered at multi-year highs against the yen after Treasury yields spiked on the robust US employment report.
Indicators released on Monday showed that China's trade performance in November was much weaker than expected while Japan's economy in the third quarter shrank even more than initially reported.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slipped 0.2 per cent. Tokyo's Nikkei edged up 0.1 per cent with the downward revision to Japan's GDP neutralising much of the positive impact from a weaker yen. South Korea's Kospi lost 0.4 per cent while Singaporean and Malaysian shares also dipped.
The Shanghai composite index gained 2.9 per cent after the downbeat Chinese data added to hopes that China will implement more stimulus to shore up its economy.
"Shockingly, (China's) imports contracted by 6.7 per cent year-on-year - their weakest performance since the Lehman crisis (except the volatile Lunar New Year-related period), said Dariusz Kowalczyk, economist at Credit Agricole in Hong Kong.
"This is partly a reflection of lower commodity prices and base effects, but these two factors cannot fully explain the weak import number and we have to assume that poor domestic demand has played a part. This means that pressure will rise on the government to do more to stimulate growth," he said.
The Australian dollar, sensitive to the economic fortunes of China, its main export destination, touched a new 4-1/2 year low of $0.8288.
The disappointing Chinese and Japanese data contrasted sharply with Friday's US non-farm payrolls that showed employment in November surged by 321,000, easily topping forecasts for 230,000 new jobs.
The dollar was steady at 121.515 yen after touching a new seven-year high of 121.860. The dollar index hovered near a 5-1/2 year high of 89.467.
A bullish dollar worked against crude oil, with the stronger greenback making commodities denominated in the US currency less affordable for holders of other currencies.
Brent crude lost 92 cents to $68.15 a barrel, approaching a five-year low of $67.53 hit last week, with a forecast cut by Morgan Stanley exacerbating the fall. [O/R]
The dollar stood tall against the euro, which languished near a two-year low of $1.2270.
The euro and yen are expected to remain on the defensive against the dollar indefinitely as the strong US jobs data further contrasted the divergent monetary policy paths of the Fed and its European and Japanese counterparts which are mired in underwhelming easing schemes.
The Malaysian ringgit and Indonesian rupiah fell against the dollar to lows not seen since the 2008-9 global financial crisis after the upbeat US jobs data lifted expectations for an early Fed rate hike.
Higher US interest rates are seen eroding the attractiveness of higher yields in the region.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Gurgaon rape case a shameful incident  says Rajnath SinghHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Army  police search Jammu-Delhi Rajdhani ExpressNobel laureate Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Pak school attack
Delhi-bound Rajdhani Express from Jammu was stopped and thoroughly searched by the Army and police yesterday night at Pathankot in Punjab after authorities received an specific alert about the presence of an explosive in the train.
The alert was passed on to Punjab police by their J-K counterpart, following which the search operation was launched, a senior police official said.
Nearly 150 security personnel including three DSP-rank Punjab Police officers, a SP-rank officer, besides Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel thoroughly searched the train at Pathankot Cantt station, about 250 kms from here, Pathankot SSP Rakesh Kaushal said.
Later, the Army’s help was also sought which also joined the search for presence of any explosive, he added.
After being stopped at Pathankot Cantt station at around 9:30 PM, the search by the Army carried well past midnight.
“There was a specific input passed on by the DGP of J&K Police to us after which we acted swiftly and started searching the train thoroughly.
We did not want to take any chances. We also sought the Army’s help,” Kaushal told PTI over phone.
Notably, security forces were on maximum alert in the wake of December 5 terror attacks carried out by the militants in J&K. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is also scheduled to address poll rally in the Valley today.
Pathankot town in Punjab is located along the Punjab-J&K border.
Asked if the input passed on by J&K police mentioned that a bomb could have been placed inside the train, the SSP said, “there was threat input…we swung into action immediately. The passengers may have been inconvenienced, but for us their safety and security was paramount.”
The passengers were asked to disembark from the train, which had left Jammu at around 7:45 PM to reach Pathankot after 9:30 PM, after traveling a distance of about 100 km.
Dog squad, bomb disposal squad and other equipment were used to search the train for presence of any explosive.
TAGS: Jammu And Kashmir Rajdhani Express
More from miscellaneous

Why Investors are bullish on Oberoi HotelsWhy investors are bullish on Oberoi Hotels
Dev Chatterjee | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 11:38 AM IST
The shares of EIH Ltd, operators of Oberoi Hotels, have doubled since January this year. EIH shares are up 110 per cent this year as compared to 35 per cent rise in the BSE Sensex. This sharp spurt in EIH’s shares has made Mukesh Ambani owned RIL’s value in EIH shares to go up to Rs 1,300 crore now from Rs 700 crore early this year. The EIH stock is up in spite of Indian hospitality sector oing through a slowdown. Here are reasons why investors are bullish on EIH: 
Open Offer Rumours: Ever since Ambani bought 18% stake in EIH to ward off any takeover attempt by rival ITC, the investors are speculating that sooner or later Ambani will raise his stake in the company via an open offer.  Though RIL denies any plans to increase its stake in EIH, investors say Ambani’s strategy will be similar to TV18 Broadcast Ltd, where Ambani changed his mind after saying that RIL’s investment is not for management control.
  
Board Changes: EIH board now has Ambani’s close confidant Manoj Modi and his wife Nita Ambani. Both joined the board in November 2011 within one and a half year of RIL’s investment in the company in August 2010. An old timer independent director Rajen Raheja quit the board in July this year.  
Financial performance: The company’s sales have remained static in the last three years growing at an average of 4.8%, as per Bloomberg data. Its Ebidta margins are hovering at around 20%.  In the September quarter, the company made a loss of Rs 1.31 crore.  The rise in market capitalization is not in sync with its results. For fiscal 2015, the company’s sales are expected to grow by 8.5% to Rs 1670 crore and by 12.4% to Rs 1,876 crore by 2016, as per Bloomberg estimates.
Better prospects: Analysts say with a stable government at the Centre and easy visa regime, the tourism industry and the hospitality industry will be a big beneficiary. Hotel companies like EIH will be a big beneficiary of the boom in foreign tourist arrivals. The coming Christmas season will be a make-or-break for the hotel companies to get out of the slowdown witnessed in the last four years.
Currency gains: With the Indian currency hovering at Rs 62 to a dollar, hotel companies will be a big beneficiary as foreign tourists bring in dollars to pay for their stay in India. The rupee is expected to fall more against the US dollar in 2015 – which means a bonanza for EIH and other hotel companies. 

SBI to launch India s first real sector tren...Care Ratings
(The SBI Composite Index…)
MUMBAI: State Bank of India, the country's biggest lender, will soon launch India's first forward-looking index that will indicate trends in the real sector two months in advance by analysing data in the public domain as well its own loan growth matrix.
The SBI Composite Index will analyse data from both manufacturing and services industries to determine expansion or contraction in the economy.
The index, the first developed by a credible domestic bank, would compete with the two existing India-specific economic indices—HSBC India Markit Services Purchasing Managers' Index and HSBC India Markit Manufacturing PMI, said some market participants.
Economic data points will be taken from industries like cement, auto, steel, coal product, railway freight, power, infrastructure and some services sectors like tourism and hotel, two people familiar with the mater told ET.
The index will be released month-on-month basis as well as yearly. It will generate a number at every release, suggesting the economic atmosphere—expansion or contraction. It is expected to have about 75% validation, which means accuracy in predicting the scene, these people said.
A senior executive at the bank confirmed the move to launch the index but declined to be quoted.
In the quarter to September, SBI's loans expanded more than 9% year-on-year to around Rs 12.43 lakh crore. Deposits grew 14% to Rs 14.74 lakh crore. Net profit at the bank jumped 30.54% to Rs 3,100 crore.
SBI Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya had earlier hinted at the possible merger of a few associate banks, although SBI seems to be in no hurry to carry out the same.
If a merger happens, SBI's loan book size will further increase, offering more credit data that can be used for the proposed index.
"This is a positive move by SBI," said Madan Sabnabis, chief economist at CARE Ratings . "Any interpretation based on existing data is more scientific, but the SBI index would be different than that of HSBC PMI indices."
HSBC India Markit Services PMI and HSBC India Markit Manufacturing PMI are based on surveys conducted by Markit, while HSBC sponsors the same.
The results are produced from answers to questions, showing the percentage of respondents that suggest an improvement or deterioration or no change on the previous month.
For example, the PMI services index, published on December 3, was at 52.6 for November. The PMI manufacturing index was at 53.3 during the same period. A reading of 50 separates growth from contraction.
Index numbers are calculated based on net responses from corporate surveys. Although validation of these two indices are not exactly known, some market participants say it would be in the range of 40-50% denoting the extent of up-to-date data availed from surveys.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Advertisment spend in India may grow 12% in...Advertisement
(This growth will be fuelled…)
KOLKATA: Advertisement expenditure in India can grow 12% to Rs 40,307 crore in 2015 if the current positive consumer and business sentiment holds, according to ZenithOptimedia global ad spend forecast.
This growth will be fuelled by print at 12%, TV at 10% and online and mobile at 25%. Other media are expected to grow between 5% and 10%.
At the beginning of 2014, the agency had forecast that the Indian advertisement market would grow 10.7%. It is now expected to end the year with at least 10% growth.
The report categorises India as one of the fast-track Asian markets along with China, Indonesia, Malaysia, Pakistan, the Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam . According to it, these economies are growing rapidly as they adopt western technology and practices, while benefiting from the rapid inflow of funds from investors hoping to tap into this growth.
The Asian advertising market appeared less affected by the 2009 downturn -ad expenditure grew by 7.4% that year -and since then has grown strongly. It is expected to end 2014 with 10.1% growth, and the report predicts that this market will grow by 10-11% a year for the period 2015 to 2017.
"It has been just over six months of the newly elected government led by PM Narendra Modi . The government seems to have captured the collective consciousness of the country," said Anupriya Acharya, Group CEO, ZenithOptimedia Group.
"Thus we enter 2015 with a strongly positive consumer and business sentiment, albeit recognising that consistent onground delivery and reforms will be needed to keep this sentiment up. Hence, cautious optimism, though with way more optimism than same time last year, is still the right expression", she added.
The agency expects consumption to continue to pick up, with passenger car and utility vehicle sales turning positive, credit card spending on the rise, loans for durables growing.From an advertisement expenditure point of view, fast-moving consumer goods will continue their dominance, but given the weak monsoons, some categories might stay flat or have slow growth, Acharya said.
High growth is expected from telecom, e-commerce, mobile phones, cars and two-wheelers, retail, realty and the BFSI (banking, financial services and institutions) sector.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi s maiden election rally turns Srinagar into fortressComments
Security has been tightened across Srinagar ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's maiden election rally Monday as thousands of security personnel fanned out across the city with all roads leading to the venue sealed off.
Kashmiri voters queue at a polling station in Handwara, about 70 kms north of capital Srinagar. (AFP photo)
The PM is visiting Kashmir days after terrorists struck an Indian Army camp and other targets, including Srinagar, across the state Friday that left at least 21 people dead.
Security forces had killed two Lashker-e-Taiba (LeT) militants when they were trying to infiltrate into Srinagar from the outskirts at Soura.
Modi is scheduled to arrive in Srinagar around 12.30pm and address the rally at Sher-i-Kashmir Cricket stadium amid a three-tier security cordon. He has chosen same spot from which former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee reached out to people of Kashmir in 2003.
The Bharatiya Janata Party, which does not have a strong base in the Valley, is trying to ensure that Modi's rally is a success and has made arrangements to bring in people from different parts of Kashmir.
The BJP held a Shikara rally on the Dal lake on Sunday and made phone calls to individuals to ensure an impressive audience for the PM's rally.
"We have been able to reach out to more than 15 lakh people on the phone, through social networking sites and personal campaigning," said Megha Somaiya, who has been running BJP's Srinagar campaign to invite people for a month now.
PM Modi hopes to boost his party's prospects in the ongoing assembly polls, where the BJP aims to win more than 44 seats.
Modi, sources said, will focus on the Valley youth and stress on the development plank to create a space for the party.
"To describe the PM's visit just as a milestone will be an understatement. It is a turning point for Kashmir," she said.
Hardline Hurriyat Conference chairman Syed Ali Shah Geelani has called for a shutdown to protest the visit of the PM.
Sharpshooters, barricades
Hundreds of security personnel - armed with metal detectors and accompanied by sniffer dogs - are in place in and around the stadium.
Sharpshooters have been posted on rooftops at vantage points like Suliman Tang and Rustam Gali in the Dalgate area to secure the area and neutralise any threat.
Several helicopters have also been pressed into service as part of security drill.
Concertina wires have been laid at several intersections in city's Dalgate, Sonawar, Gupkar Road and TRC Crossing to block the movement of vehicles and people towards the stadium.
A posse of policemen and CRPF personnel have been deployed at each intersection to ensure the security drill is followed in letter and spirit, a senior police officer said.
In other parts of the city, motor vehicle checking points have been established by security forces for checking the vehicles moving around. The intelligence agencies and police have been directed to keep an eye on the suspected persons, the officer said.
"We are taking no chances with security on the prime minister's visit to Srinagar today especially in the wake of last Friday's terror attacks in the Valley," a top official of the state's security grid told IANS.
The officer also confirmed that more than 4,000 security personnel drawn from central and state security forces have been deployed on the security in and around the Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium.
Barricades have also been set up at the entry points to the city to ensure that militants are not able to sneak in to carry out any act of sabotage, he added.
The PM is scheduled to address two election rallies in Srinagar and Anantnag towns of the Valley as part of the election campaign for his party's candidates. Polls in these areas will be held on December 14.
Besides the two rallies, PM Modi will address four more poll gatherings. On December 12 he will address the rallies at Rajouri and Kathua. On December 16, he will also address two more rallies in Jammu and another in between Billawar and Basholi constituencies.
Jammu and Kashmir recorded a voter turnout of 71% in the second of the five-phase assembly elections held on Tuesday.
(With inputs from PTI)

SpiceJet is not under a Cash-and-Carry payment modeSpiceJet is not under a Cash-and-Carry payment mode
SpiceJet is not under a Cash-and-Carry payment mode
The Exchange had sought clarification from the company with respect to news appearing on Economic Times website on December 05, 2014 titled " SpiceJet dives over 12% as AAI puts it on cash-and-carry
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/spicejet-is-not-under-a-cash-and-carry-payment-mode-114120800050_1.html
December 08, 2014 10:40 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 08:24 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Telecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel and Vodafone: ReportTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel and Vodafone: Report
Telecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel and Vodafone: Report
DoT will propose Telecom Commission to extend use of spectrum by Bharti Airtel and Vodafone in Delhi till January 14 and till December 15 in Mumbai and Kolkata, report said.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/telecom-commission-to-take-call-on-extended-spectrum-use-by-airtel-and-vodafone-report-114120800027_1.html
December 08, 2014 09:35 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Telecom Commission, Bharti Airtel, Vodafone, Telecom
Top Story
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 08:25 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Potato prices fall on fresh arrivalspotato prices fall on fresh arrivals
Libyas central bank rivals vie to control oil earningsDecember 8, 2014 7:24 am
Rival central bank governors vie for control of Libya’s oil earnings
Heba Saleh in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4eb94b20-7bc1-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sitara Devis first American disciple on the spiritual side of her gurujiBecoming Sitara's disciple 1983 (right), Dacing with Sitara for Holi at Raj Kapoor's studio 1984 (right)
New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:10 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 1:11 pm
By Sharron Rose
I am deeply saddened by the passing of my Guruji, Sitara Devi. I had the honour of becoming her first American disciple and living with her in Mumbai while on a Professional Development Grant from The American Institute of Indian Studies in 1983-84. For me, in addition to being my Kathak Guru, she brought me into a deep experience and understanding of the beauty and power of the spiritual tradition of Hinduism and the Vedas and particularly the beauty, power and grace of the Divine Feminine. Her Shakti still reseonates through my life and art. The following is an excerpt from my book, The Path of the Priestess: A Guidebook for Awakening the Divine Feminine which brings the depth of her spiritual teachings to light.
One evening, as we sat together in her living room, I looked up to see a very powerful image of a beautiful Goddess with many arms who was dressed in red and seated gallantly astride a lion. “Please Guruji,” I asked, “tell me about the Goddess. She seems to be so important in your life. In the Jewish tradition of my birth, as well as the Christian religion that dominates the West, we are told that there is only one God and he is definitely male.”
Sitara closed her eyes for a moment and quieted her breath as if going into a deep meditative state. The atmosphere of the whole room seemed to change, The power and energy that flowed through Sitara was so strong that chills ran up my spine. She began to speak, her voice filled with passion. “There is a sacred current of light that flows throughout all of creation”, she explained. “It is the animating and nourishing force of life itself, the supreme all-illuminating power in every thing and every being. We call this light and energy Shakti, or the Great Goddess. As the creative power of Shiva, Shakti is the vital force in all beings; there is nothing in the world that is devoid of her presence. Shakti is life and gives life to all. She is bliss and gives bliss to all. Even though she is essentially one, in order for us to know her she manifests herself in many forms. She is the voice, light and energy of what you in the West call the Godhead. Many of our ancient texts known as the Vedas, Upanishads, Puranas and Tantras sing her praises. Watch carefully, and I will reveal her to you.”
After Sitara spoke these words she went through an almost unbelievable series of physical transformations before my astonished eyes. As she named each goddess and brought her to life, it seemed as if she could magically alter the shape and size of her body. Not only could she shape-shift in this remarkable manner but also it appeared that she had the continued…

Never mind marketing  Uber s terms of service say take a ride but you re on your ownNever mind marketing, Uber says, take a ride but you're on your own
Pranav Dixit , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 08, 2014
First Published: 13:14 IST(8/12/2014) | Last Updated: 13:22 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
Uber makes a big deal on its website about how safe its rides are on the road. It's one of the reasons why many of us paid the premium for its services over our neighbourhood taxiwallah. Friday's incident, where a young woman was raped by an Uber driver in New Delhi cleared that smokescreen.
But it turns out that there's nothing in Uber's terms of service that would prevented an incident like this from happening.
You can drill down into the legalese here , but here is the relevant bit:
 
UBER DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE SUITABILITY, SAFETY OR ABILITY OF THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS. IT IS SOLELY YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO DETERMINE IF A THIRD PARTY PROVIDER WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS AND EXPECTATIONS. UBER WILL NOT PARTICIPATE IN DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND A THIRD PARTY PROVIDER. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU MAY BE EXPOSED TO SITUATIONS INVOLVING THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS THAT ARE POTENTIALLY UNSAFE, OFFENSIVE, HARMFUL TO MINORS, OR OTHERWISE OBJECTIONABLE, AND THAT USE OF THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS ARRANGED OR SCHEDULED USING THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND JUDGMENT. UBER SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO YOUR TRANSACTIONS OR RELATIONSHIP WITH THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS. 
 
In other words, if you take an Uber, you're on your own. The company takes  no responsibility for what happens to you - it's between you and your driver to sort things out.

Sensex plunges 300 pts; banks  tech  capital goods dragDec 08, 2014, 02.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty under pressure; banks, tech, cap goods drag
Infosys kept its top position in the selling list, down 4.5 percent followed by TCS, Larsen & Toubro, Mahindra & Mahindra, Sesa Sterlite, Dr Reddy's Labs, BHEL and Hindalco Industries with 2-3.5 percent loss.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty under pressure; banks, tech, cap goods drag
Infosys kept its top position in the selling list, down 4.5 percent followed by TCS, Larsen & Toubro, Mahindra & Mahindra, Sesa Sterlite, Dr Reddy's Labs, BHEL and Hindalco Industries with 2-3.5 percent loss.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:55pm Market Update
The market pared some losses led by support from ITC, ONGC, HDFC and Sun Pharma. the Sensex declined 230.61 points to 28227.49 and the Nifty lost 73.25 points to 8465.05.
About 1044 shares have advanced, 1724 shares declined, and 114 shares are unchanged on the BSE.
ONGC gained over a percent after media report suggested that oil ministry will cut subsidy burden of the state-run oil explorer and adjust cess payment.
01:50pm Credit Suisse on India
India's economy will see the fastest USD nominal growth in the world in 2015, Credit Suisse says.
Given growth outlook, equity market is not expensive in both absolute and relative terms, it adds. Indian market is likely to see strongest earnings growth among Asian peers, and even globally, bank says, reports Reuters.
01:20pm Maruti in News
Having run into troubles with institutional investors over its Gujarat plant transfer to parent Suzuki, car maker Maruti now wants to seek approval of minority shareholders after a proposed relaxation comes into effect in the Companies Act.
Maruti Suzuki India had earlier planned to seek shareholders' approval for the transaction in November. The Cabinet, meanwhile, has cleared a slew of amendments this month to various aspects of the new Companies Act. 
"Now another new factor which is the proposed amendment to the Companies (Amendment) Bill has come up. So it would not make sense to go for the vote till we know what that bill is and what the future is," MSI Chairman RC Bhargava told PTI. 
Once the changes come into effect, after Parliament's nod, it would become easier for companies to get shareholder approvals for related party transactions. Maruti's proposed plant transfer to Suzuki falls under this category of transactions.
01:00pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks plunged one percent in afternoon trade weighed by banking, technology, capital goods, auto and metals stocks. The 30-share BSE Sensex plunged 305.66 points to 28152.44 and the 50-share NSE Nifty dropped 93.55 points to 8444.75.
Declining shares outnumbered advancing ones by a ratio of 1617 to 1044 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Though the market was seeing profit taking, the market veterans are gung-ho about the bull market continuing as the government stays the course on reforms and the macro economic environment improves. An unexpected bonus for the economy and the market has been the steep fall in crude oil prices.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Atul Suri of Rare Enterprises said it is a buy on dips market but it is better to follow the longer trends in the market. He believes Nifty will rally nearly 22 percent over the next six-nine months and will touch 10,460 by mid 2015.
Infosys kept its top position in the selling list, down 4.5 percent followed by TCS, Larsen & Toubro, Mahindra & Mahindra, Sesa Sterlite, Dr Reddy's Labs, BHEL and Hindalco Industries with 2-3.5 percent loss.
India's largest lenders State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank fell around 1.5 percent.
However, ITC gained for the third day, up over a percent on top of a 8 percent gains in previous week. HDFC, Bharti Airtel, Coal India and Sun Pharma climbed 0.4-1.8 percent.
12:00

Timing the market: A metamorphosis over decade and a half08:00 am
Raamdeo Agrawal, Motilal Oswal Financial Services, Prashant Jain, HDFC Asset Management Co and Madhusudan Kela of Reliance Capital joined 15th anniversary celebrations of  CNBC-TV18 and discussed how investors can time the markets and make the most of their investments.
However, there has been a big change in the concept of "Timing the Market." While Raamdeo Agrawal of Motilal Oswal Financial Services says it is more of an index market now, veteran market expert Prashant Jain says effectiveness of PE multiple is a handy tool to time the market. On the other hand, Madhu Kela emerges as a believer in "Timing the Market" but with the rider that it can be done only once in a while.
Below is the transcript of the interview with Latha Venkatesh on CNBC-TV18.
Q: How has the market changed?
Agrawal: When I started my business there were no channels. We used to simply go at 12 o’clock find some balance sheet in brokers office, read it, buy the stock after reading it in brokers office and still make money. Not that I was holding for 5-10 years, 3-6 months, we used to make simple money and that has shifted to index watching. It is no more a stock market, it is index market now.
Latha: Is there no concept called timing the market at all?
Jain: We can qualify that, it is very simple. PE multiple is a very simple, very effective tool. If you look at it markets in aggregate, when you don’t look at PEs for individual companies it is more complex but when you look at PEs for markets in aggregate, it has very high predictability; not over one year periods but over three and five year periods.
Time and again we have seen and it should continue to happen in the future also that higher the PE in the market at which you are investing the longer should be your investment horizon. So, I have seen that at closer to 11-12 PE multiples even one-two years is good time.
The moment you come 15-20 PE multiples one must think three years or longer. If you choose to remain invested at 25 PE multiples you must think five years or longer. If you choose to remain invested at 30 PEs or more you must think 10 years or more. So, higher the PEs the more should be your tolerance for volatility and the longer should be your investment horizon. I don’t think there is any one answer to this.
Latha: Do you think we are in the start of something transformational, does it feel like say 1991 when pattern of investment in India or the Indian economy itself changed, does it feel like that?
Kela: I don’t think there is any doubt in our mind. However, I don’t agree that you can never time the market. There are times, if you try to time it every month, every quarter then it is a traders job; it is not an investors job.
I will time it once in a while like last August was a brilliant time without even Modi to allocate disproportionate we got 5000-5100 Nifty. If you had under invested even if you assume that Modi is not going to come but India is going to be what it is going to be in the next 10 years you would have still ended on making a lot of money. However, supposing in this euphoria if Nifty goes in the next one year to 25000, just hypothetical number, I would love to time it.
Maybe the market had discounted as Prashant said that if you are in next one year at 30 PE, I would love to say please take out some money from the table. However, the problem is when one is trying to time it everyday, every month, every quarter. Once in a while you get an opportunity to time the market and that time you must exercise it and this is not the time to exercise that.
RELATED NEWS

Sikhs in Kashmir claim that they are the most neglected community  attack state  CentreD P Satish , IBNLive.com | Dec 08, 2014 at 12:42pm IST
Srinagar: "We have never faced any problem here. No local Kashmiri Muslim troubled us or treated us like unwanted people. The 'Kashmiriyat' is very strong. But, the state government and the Centre have been very unkind to us. For them the Sikhs in Kashmir don't exist. The entire focus is on the Kashmiri Pandits and their plight. We too want to be heard. We also have other issues," says Jagmohan Singh Raina, Chairman of All Parties Sikh Coordination Committee (APSCC) in Kashmir.
When IBNLive visited him at his small office near Iqbal Park in Srinagar, the soft-spoken and plain speaking Raina was very candid in his observations. According to him, the Sikhs are the most neglected religious minorities in Kashmir. He said that the Kashmiri Pandits left the valley during the height of militancy and the Sikhs stayed back.
He said, "Kashmiri Pandits claim that they were forced to leave the valley by the militants and the local Muslims. But, I don't think that the local Muslims did that. Out of fear most Pandits left the valley. The agencies (referring to intelligence agencies) also created a situation for the exodus of Pandits. Sikhs also faced some problems. But we are a martial race. We are not afraid of anything. We stayed back. Local Muslims did not trouble us. Most Sikhs left their villages and moved to cities like Srinagar and Baramulla for safety. We lost our agricultural land. The land is still there. But, it is in ruins."
Most of the Sikhs have moved away from agriculture in the last 20 years and they are now mostly into trade and commerce.
According to him, Jammu and Kashmir has 3.7 lakh Sikhs. Of them 80,000 are in Kashmir valley. Rest are in Jammu region. More than 30,000 Sikhs live in Srinagar. Before the militancy, the Sikhs were controlling the agriculture sector across the valley. Some of the biggest apple and saffron growers were Sikhs, not Muslims. But the Sikh migration to cities hit the agriculture hard.
He claims that no Muslim family in rural Kashmir has usurped the land which belongs to the Sikhs. Heaping praises over the Muslims, he said, "When the flood hit us in September, local Muslims first rescued Sikhs. They first gave them relief material. We have a very strong bond."
Attacking the successive governments which ruled Jammu and Kashmir and India, Raina said, "We are being discriminated against. The focus is only on the Kashmiri Pandits. We have nothing against them. But, listen to us also. We stayed back during the militancy. Respect us for that. We have too many issues. Both the state and Centre must come for our rescue."
He criticizes the state government for not holding the election to Sikh Gurudwara Prabhandak Board of the Jammu and Kashmir for the past 10 years. He also complains that Jammu and Kashmir is the only government which has not accorded the minorities' status to the Sikhs.
He also claims that he was contacted by the RSS to politicise the issues related to the Sikhs, but he told them not to communalise or politicise the socio-political issues. He feels Prime Minister Narendra Modi offers hope. But, he is against giving any communal colour to the issue.
Raina narrates an incident in which he was threatened by a local Muslim who was actually eyeing his gas distribution business. He says that the local Muslim used militants to threaten him and he had to shut his business for two years. But, the other Muslims backed him and he was able to restart his business. "Such incidents are isolated one. They keep happening. We need to stand up to such criminals. Fleeing the valley out of fear is no solution," he says.
Mr Kaul (he does not want to give his first name), a local Kashmiri Pandit in Srinagar, disagrees with Raina on his observation of the Pandits. He says that the main target of the militants was Pandits and not the Sikhs.
Sikhs in Kashmir have a very rich history. According to historical records the founder of the faith Guru Nanak Dev visited Kashmir several times and sowed the seeds of Sikhism there. Srinagar has several Gurudwaras. Gurudwara Chatti Patshahi at Kathi Darwaza in Rainawari area of Srinagar was built during the time of Mogul emperor Jahangir.
The Gurudwara still attracts a lot of devotees and some tourists. Speaking to IBNLive at the Gurudwara, Gurumukh Singh, a local Sikh expressed confidence in the PM Modi's leadership. However, he refused to buy everything the BJP is saying about Kashmir issue.
Gurumukh Singh attacked the state government and predicted that Omar Abdullah government would bite the dust in the current Assembly election. He is also equally unhappy with the Congress.
He said, "When previous prime minister Manmohan Singh came to Srinagar. He went to Hazratbal. But, he did not visit our Gurudwara. It has hurt us a lot. Being a Sikh, he should have visited our Gurudwara. We will not vote for the Congress."
Most of the Sikhs have moved away from agriculture in the last 20 years and they are now mostly into trade and commerce. Some of their children live outside Kashmir and India. But, they still have a close connection with their state and keep visiting their parents and relatives. The local Sikhs proudly claim that their relationship with the local Muslims and Kashmir is inseparable.
However, most Sikhs have not forgotten the Chittisinghpura massacre in which 36 Sikhs were shot dead by the Pakistan based terrorist organization LeT on March 20, 2000. It was coincided with the visit of the US President Bill Clinton.
Talking about this Raina says that the governments have not done anything to find out who actually did this to the Sikhs. He claims that this terrible incident has not shaken the faith of Sikhs in 'Kashmiriyat'.
Sikhs hope that the new government which takes charge after December 23 would do something concrete for them.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

J&K: Big day for BJP as a party PM visits state after 11 yearsHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Live: Culprit was zeroed down during investigation  says Rajnath Singh on Uber rape casemore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Sony s PlayStation Store Suffers Suspected HackIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Most-searched celebrities of 20142014 Year in Review
20 Most-Searched Celebrities on Yahoo India
Of the 20 most-searched personalities on Yahoo India, most of them were from Bollywood, while luminaries from the world politics and sports took a backseat. While Prime Minister Narendra Modi was the most-searched politician, followed by Aam Aadmi Party leader Arvind Kejriwal, Congress party vice president Rahul Gandhi, jailed former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor.
Among sportspersons, cricketer Virat Kohli was the most-searched on Yahoo, followed by Formula 1 great Michael Schumacher and tennis beauty Maria Sharapova. Bollywood, however, continued to rule the roost. Here are the top 20 most-searched celebrities on Yahoo India (the list does not include politicians or sportspersons):
Sunny Leone
- Actress and reality TV host Sunny Leone was the most-searched celebrity on the Net in 2014 on Yahoo India. The Indo-Canadian former adult movie star made a hat trick by becoming the ... more 
Sunny Leone
- Actress and reality TV host Sunny Leone was the most-searched celebrity on the Net in 2014 on Yahoo India. The Indo-Canadian former adult movie star made a hat trick by becoming the biggest favourite of Indian netizens third year in a row. She beat all of Bollywood’s leading ladies in this race. less 
1 / 20
Yahoo India | Photo by IANS
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:30 PM IST

The Nifty call: Sell on rallies with stop-loss at 8 550Tweet
December 8, 2014:  
Nifty December Futures (8,515.9) The Nifty futures started the week on a slightly positive note at 8,582 levels from last week’s close at 8,575 levels. But the contract failed to stay in the positive zone. Registering an intra-day high at 8,589, it began to decline, experiencing selling pressure and profit-taking. In the spot market, the Nifty index has decisively breached significant support at 8,500 levels.
In the futures market, the contact has breached its immediate key support at 8,550 levels, and is hovering above 8,500 levels. Any intra-day rally can experience selling pressure. Therefore, traders with a short-term perspective can consider selling the contract on rallies, with a stop-loss at 8,550 levels. The contract can continue to decline and test support at the 8,500 level. A fall below this support, can pull the contract down to 8,470, and then to 8,450 levels. Significant resistance is projected above the 8,550 level at 8,576 and 8,600 levels.
Strategy: Sell on rallies with a stop-loss at 8,550
Supports: 8,500 and 8,470
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Sensex down over 250 points; Nifty slips below 8 500Nifty slumps 102 points to end below 8,500
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 03:31 PM IST
Benchmark share indices ended over 1% lower on Monday weighed down by selling pressure in Infosys after founders sold part of their stake in the IT major.
The 30-share Sensex provisionally ended down 339 points at 28,119 and the 50-share Nifty ended down 102 points at 8,436.     
_____________________________________
(Updated 2:55PM)
Benchmark indices are trading weak weighed down by heavy selling by fund and retail investors in the frontline stocks. 
At 2.55PM, the 30-share Sensex is down 327 points at 28,131 and the 50-share Nifty has slipped 97 points at 8,442.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices pared early gains and are down 1% each.
Infosys, Sesa Sterlite, M&M, TCS and BHEL are the top 5 losers on the BSE down between 2-5%.
_______________________________________________________________
(updated at 2.30 PM)
Benchmark share indices extended losses in noon trades on Monday weighed down by selling pressure in IT major Infosys after four founders sold 32.6 million shares at a base rate of Rs 1,988 per share to raise nearly $1.1 billion.
At 14:30PM, the 30-share Sensex was down 280 points at 28,178 and the 50-shaer Nifty was down 86 points at 8,456.     
The Indian rupee was trading weak at Rs 61.93 against the US dollar compared to the previous close of Rs 61.77 after the currency gained on the back of better-than-expected US jobs data.
Asian markets are trading mixed with Chinese shares gaining the most. China's Shanghai Composite was up 2.7% while Straits Times and Hang Seng were trading with marginal losses. Meanwhile, the Nikkei ended with marginal gains up 0.1%.
Except for the FMCG index all sectoral indices on the BSE were in the red with BSE IT index being the top loser down 2.8%.
Infosys was the top Sensex loser down nearly 5% at Rs 1,967 after the company its founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, and their family members sold a combined nearly 33 million shares of the company for Rs 6,481 crore through open market. The market report suggests that the promoters have sold the shares at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 each.
According to disclosure filed by the Infosys with stock exchange reveals that, Narayana Murthy and Nandan Nilekani family have sold 12 million shares each worth of Rs 4,771 crore, while Dinesh Krishnaswamy and his family sold 6.2 million shares amounting of Rs 1,232 crore and Kumari Shibulal sold 2.4 million shares of Rs 477 crore.
Rohini Nilekani, Nandan M Nilekani and Akshata Murthy sold 6 million shares, while Sudha Murthy sold 5.6 million and Asha Dinesh sold 4 million shares, data shows.
ITC is up 1.2%. It has become the second-most valuable Indian company, surpassing refineries giants- Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and Reliance Industries - in overall market capitalization (m-cap) ranking.
Sun Pharma has gained nearly 1%. On Friday, a US court's jury gave Ranbaxy a boost when it decided that the agreement between AstraZeneca and Ranbaxy Laboratories to delay the launch of a generic version of AstraZeneca's heartburn drug Nexium is not anticompetitive. Sun Pharma is in the process of acquiring Ranbaxy.
Coal India has gained 2%. According to media reports, Coal India has requested the government to re-allot the two coal blocks in Odisha which it had lost following the Supreme Court's order to cancel allocation of 214 coal blocks. Coal India had formed joint ventures with private players to develop these blocks.
Among other shares, Stampede Capital surged nearly 9% at Rs 175 after the company said that Tick by Tick data Algo platform of Stampede Technologies Pte Ltd, its Singapore based wholly owned subsidiary, has handled around Rs 4,000 crore worth of trading transactions on the Singapore Stock Exchange in the month of November 2014.
In the broader market, the BSE  Mid-cap and Small-cap indices pared early gains and were down 0.7% each.
Market breadth weakened further with 1,588 losers and 1,065 gainers on the BSE.

FTIL sells additional 1.65 lakh MCX-SX shares to JhunjhunwalaFTIL sells additional 1.65 lakh MCX-SX shares to Jhunjhunwala
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 12:30 PM IST
Financial Technologies (FTIL) has sold an additional 1.65 lakh shares of stock exchange MCX-SX valued at Rs 2.47 lakh to ace investor Rakesh Jhujhunwala.
This is an amendment to the original share and warrant purchase agreement, which saw Jhunjhunwala and 12 other entities pick up stake in MCX-SX in a deal worth Rs 88 crore.
The modification to the original agreement comes after clarification sought by BSE last week on sale of FTIL's stake in MCX-SX in November.
The exchange had questioned the sale of warrants to the investors after the warrants had been extinguished as per an earlier circular from FTIL.
FTIL shares were up 1.5% at Rs 225.35 per share on the BSE. 

Infosys co-founders S.D. Shibulal  S. Gopalkrishnan launch business incubatorIndia remains a laggard in innovation, China overtakes US
A file photo of S.D. Shibulal. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Bengaluru: Infosys Ltd’ co-founders S.D. Shibulal and S. Gopalkrishnan on Tuesday launched Axilor Ventures, a business incubator and platform for supporting innovation and entrepreneurship.
The founding team of Axilor Ventures includes Shibulal and Gopalakrishnan along with Srinath Batni, Tarun Khanna and Ganapathy Venugopal, the company said in a statement. For the selected start-ups, the founders will co-invest through their individual funds. The quantum of investment will range from Rs.30 lakh ($50,000) in the accelerator programme to Rs.6 crore ($1 million) for early stage companies, it said.
Ganapathy Venugopal, former head of strategy and planning at Infosys, has been appointed as the chief executive officer at Axilor and will spearhead the venture. While Shibulal and Batni stepped down from Infosys board in July, Gopalakrishnan left as Non-Executive Vice Chairman of the company in October.
Another founding member of the venture, Tarun Khanna is the Jorge Paulo Lemann Professor at the Harvard Business School and Director of the South Asia Institute at Harvard University. Axilor Ventures is a business incubator set up to improve the odds of success of entrepreneurs and early stage companies.
It aims at energising the start-up ecosystem in the country by incubating ventures operating in the e-commerce, healthcare, life-sciences, sustainability and clean technology space, the statement said. Axilor will focus on scalable, disruptive and technology-led business ideas from budding entrepreneurs and experienced professionals with entrepreneurial aspirations.
In its initial stage, the venture will run three programmes—accelerator, entrepreneur-in-residence and early stage funding. Besides helping entrepreneurs and early stage companies with funding, it will assist them in other areas critical for success. These include infrastructure, mentorship, market access and talent, it said.
Through its programmes, Axilor aims to build a platform for innovation and entrepreneurship that will benefit entrepreneurs. While through its partnerships, it will help entrepreneurs connect with innovation ecosystems outside India. The infrastructure to house the programmes is coming up in J.P. Nagar in South Bengaluru. The first batch of the accelerator programme is scheduled to commence in the first quarter of 2015, it added.

Uber India driver faced previous rape caseDelhi bans Uber after driver sex assault allegations
Amy Kazmin — New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aae208da-7ea3-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chariman of army wing of banned insurgent group KRA shot dead inManipurBy: Express News Service | Imphal |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:40 pm
The Chairman of the Kuki Revolutionary Army, the armed winged of the banned insurgent group the Kuki National Organisation, Paokhothang alias Thangboi Chongloi was shot dead by unknown assailants yesterday morning. The KNO and KRA have been under a Suspension of Operation agreement with the Indian Government. The 38-year-old Chongloi hailed from Khengjang village and was shot down near the Khengjang cemetery under the Gamnom Sapormeina police station yesterday at 7.30 in the morning.
According to police sources, after learning that an acquaintance in a neighbouring village had died the previous night, Chongloi had visited the family of the deceased. On his way back home, he was shot down near his village cemetery. Hearing gunshots villagers reached the spot and rushed him to a hospital, but he died on the way. His body has been taken to the morgue of the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences in Imphal for a postmortem.
Meanwhile, the bullet ridden body of 36-year-old Kamminlal Chongloi was recovered from near Koubru Leikha yesterday afternoon. He hailed from K Lhangnom village and was also from Sapormeina village. According to the deceased’s wife, three unknown persons came in an autorickshaw the day before and took Kamminlal Chongloi saying that their leader wanted to meet him. When Kamminlal did not return till late at night the family sent out a search team. At 11 am yesterday, the family received a phone call telling them that his body had been abandoned near Koubru Leikha near national highway 2.
Kamminlal was also suspected to be a cadre member of the Kuki Revolutionary army and may have been on his way to meet Thangboi Chonloi. The police are investigating connections between the two incidents.

Working birthday forDharmendraBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:36 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 4:37 pm
As Bollywood’s evergreen star Dharmendra turned 79 today, his actress wife Hema Malini and daughter Esha wished him on the birthday.
Hema, who has been married to Dharmendra for 24 years now, took to Twitter to wish the star and thanked his fans for their greetings.
Dharmendra is shooting a film in Punjab.
“Dharamji’s b’day today and my thoughts are all with him as he is shooting in Punjab,” Hema, 66, twitted.
“I must thank all his numerous fans from all over the world who have been sending best wishes for their hero’s b’day to both of us. Thank you all!” she later added along with a photo of the actor from Punjab.
Hema is Dharmendra’s second wife and the couple have two daughters — Esha and Ahana Deol.
“Happy birthday papa. Love you,” she tweeted along with an old black-and-white photo of Dharmendra.
Dharmendra is also father to Sunny, Bobby, Vijeeta and Ajeeta, his kids with first wife Prakash Kaur.

70 Ethiopian migrants drown in shipwreck off Yemen coast: GovtofficialsBy: Press Trust of India | Sanaa |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:34 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 1:41 pm
Seventy Ethiopian migrants have drowned after their boat sank near the entrance to the Red Sea off the coast of Yemen, the Yemeni Interior Ministry said. The boat capsized in bad weather off the port city of Al-Makha, near the Strait of Bab el-Mandeb, the ministry said in a statement posted on its website yesterday. It did not clarify when the boat sank.
“All those who were on board died,” the statement said, adding that all were from Ethiopia. Thousands of people fleeing troubled countries in the Horn of Africa try to reach Yemen every year in the hope of making their way on to Saudi Arabia and the Gulf. On May 31, 60 migrants from Ethiopia and Somalia along with two Yemeni crew members drowned in the worst such tragedy off the coast of Yemen this year, according to the UNHCR.
In the past five years, more than 500,000 people – mostly Eritreans, Ethiopians and Somalis – have reached Yemen via the Gulf of Aden and the Red Sea following treacherous journeys on vessels that are often overloaded. The country is home to up to two million migrants, mostly illegals who entered from other countries of the Arabian Peninsula, according to unofficial estimates commonly cited by experts and humanitarian organisations.
In October, the UN’s refugee agency said the number of migrants and asylum seekers from the region losing their lives in an attempt to reach Yemen in 2014 was the highest in years, exceeding the combined total for 2011, 2012 and 2013. Yemen is the only country in the Arabian Peninsula that is signatory to two international accords dating back to 1951 and 1967 governing the protection of refugees.
It currently hosts 246,000 refugees, of whom more than 230,000 are from Somalia and a smaller number from Ethiopia, Eritrea, Iraq and Syria, according to UNHCR figures.

Container of preserved bones in cave-tomb found broken  scattered in easternMizoramWritten by Adam Halliday | Aizawl |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:28 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 2:24 pm
Glass containers used to preserve a pile of more than 360-year-old human bones in a cave likely used as a tomb centuries ago in eastern Mizoram have been broken open and some bones, including skulls, scattered in the cave.
Villagers of Farkawn, under whose territory the cave is located, said they are trying to ascertain if any of the bones have been stolen and will be filing a FIR soon. The site, known as Lamsial Puk, or Lamsial Cave, is being preserved with the help of the state’s Art and Culture Department.
“The department had sanctioned several glass cases to put the bones in, but when we visited the cave on December 5 we found that someone had broken the glass and strewn the bones on top of the case and elsewhere,” said K Lalmuankima, secretary of the Farkawn Heritage Preservation Society, which looks after the handful of historic sites associated with known Mizo history in the vicinity of the village.
K Lalmuankima said they have no clue yet who may have done it.
According to the society, the human bones at Lamsial Puk – located about 10 kms from Farkawn on a vertical rock-face of a forested hill – have been scientifically dated to be from the mid-17th century.
It is generally believed the bones are the remains of members of a community that inhabited present-day Mizoram before the current population moved in from Myanmar after having migrated south from China’s southern regions.

Sensex Slumps 300 Points as Infosys Sinks 5%You are here: Home Market
Sensex Slumps 300 Points as Infosys Sinks 5%
NDTV | Updated On: December 08, 2014 13:53 (IST)
Motherson Sumi's German Acquisition to Be EPS Accretive
The BSE Sensex slumped over 300 points or 1 per cent in afternoon trade on Monday tracking a sharp fall across heavyweight IT stocks. The 50-share Nifty slipped below the key 8,450 levels, dropping more than 90 points.
A selloff in IT stocks weighed on the bluechip indices today. Infosys, India's second largest outsourcer, extended losses and fell nearly 5 per cent to fresh intraday low of Rs 1,968.75.
Infosys, which has the second highest weightage in Nifty, was the top Nifty loser on a report that four of its founders have sold 3.2 crore shares in the company. ( Read full story here )
Other IT stocks like TCS and HCL Tech also fell over 2 per cent. Analysts say cross currency fluctuation will impact their third quarter margins negatively. The IT sub-index was down over 3 per cent.
Banking, realty, capital goods and consumer durables shares were also down more than 1 per cent today as traders booked profit after a record setting rally.
The FMCG sub-index was the only significant gainer today. ITC, which is a heavy weight in the index, extended its gaining streak for the third straight day. The stock was up over 1 per cent. In last three trading sessions, the stock gained around 9 per cent after the government said it would revisit its decision to put a ban on sell of loose cigarettes.
The broader index which was holding on to gains in the first half of the session also succumbed to selling pressure. The CNX Midcap index was down around 0.9 per cent.
As of 1.10 p.m., the Sensex was down 258 points to 28,200, while the Nifty fell 80 points to 8,459.
Story first published on: December 08, 2014 13:53 (IST)

ICICI Bank to Hike ATM Charges from January 1You are here: Home Industries
ICICI Bank to Hike ATM Charges from January 1
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 08, 2014 13:33 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
Mumbai: Country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank has announced a hike in its ATM charges for saving account holders from January 1 next year.
Under the new method, the number of free transactions in a month is fixed at five using own ATMs, while it has been capped at three for other banks' machines.
Customers can enjoy only five free transactions, including financial and non-financial, at the bank's own automated teller machines (ATM), it said in a post on its website.
After exceeding the free transaction limits, customers will have to pay Rs 20 per financial transaction excluding service tax and Rs 8.50 for every non-financial transaction, it said.
For transactions at non-ICICI Bank ATMs, the number of free financial and non-financial transactions have been reduced to three per month at six metros of Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Bengaluru and Hyderabad, after which the customer will have to pay Rs 20 for a financial transaction and Rs 8.50 per non-financial transaction.
In case of usage in non-metro areas, a customer can enjoy five free transactions per month at non-ICICI Bank ATMs, after which the same charges apply, it said.
The issue of ATM usage has been a very contentious one due to the inter-connect charges a bank has to pay to the other. Additionally, the operating costs have also gone up, following a spate of incidents at the ATMs like the robbery at Bengaluru last year, which started the debate on transaction charges.
After consultations, the RBI last month started a system under which it allowed banks to charge from the fourth transaction onwards at other banks' ATMs in metros, and also gave the liberty to banks to charge customers for the sixth transaction onwards at own machines.
"The ATM transaction is free to you but not free to the bank. It costs the bank Rs 75 to Rs 100 for those five transactions. The bank has to collect that amount from somewhere and it has to be from customers. But there are two distortions that it creates. First, not everybody is doing the same amount of transactions and (also) are we subsidizing using of cash by freeing up ATMs ?," RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had said, in defence of the new move. Many banks have already announced reviews in their ATM charges following the announcement.
Story first published on: December 08, 2014 13:31 (IST)

Stock market prediction for Dec 8-12: Satish GuptaHousing Finance stocks i.e, LIC Housing Finance , Can Fin Homes ,  HDFC , GIC Housing Finance  etc will also be receiving astrological support.
Every year with commencement on new Samvat (Hindu New Year), astrologically, based on planetary position, certain new sectors start getting astrological support & outperform, while others remain laggard.
During last samavat 2070 among other sectors, pharma and IT sectors received strong astrological support & outperformed.
Always be very cautious, when some main planets i.e. Rahu, Ketu, Jupiter & Lord Saturn are changing their houses. It may be that certain sectors which were continuously getting support for long time may stop receiving support due to change in position by above planets & stocks of those sectors starts coming down, resulting in losses. This is common reason, why most people loss money.
One should trade only in the stocks of that sectors which are getting very strong astrologically support.
Sectors which get very strong astro support are not normally affected by downfall in the market.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Finger pressing EVM stronger than one on AK-47: ModiFinger pressing EVM stronger than one on AK-47: Modi
Europe shares fall  led by Italian stocks after credit downgradeEurope shares fall  led by Italian stocks after credit downgrade
Stampede Capital at 52-week highStampede Capital at 52-week high
Money Market Operations as on December 06  2014Money Market Operations as on December 06  2014
Windows 10 Release Date; Consumer Reveal  Launch Date Going As Planned  MicrosofWindows 10 Release Date; Consumer Reveal  Launch Date Going As Planned  Microsof
HCL Infosystems tumbles after chief resignsHCL Infosystems tumbles after chief resigns
SPML Infra bags orders worth Rs 2.67 bn for 24X7 water supply systemSPML Infra bags orders worth Rs 2.67 bn for 24X7 water supply system
Infosys  Asian scrips drag marketsHi Guest
Sensex plunges 339 points in biggest drop in 8 weeks; Infosys falls 5%
The broader markets ended weak in-line with the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices fell 0.9-1.2%. Benchmark share indices ended over 1% lower on Monday weighed down by selling pressure in Infosys after four co-founders sold part of their stake in the IT major. The 30-share Sensex ended down 339 points at 28,119 and the 50-share Nifty closed 100 points lower at 8,438. The Sensex and the Nifty touched an intra-day low of 28,097 mark and 8,432. The broader markets ended weak ...

Founders Offload Stake In InfosysFounders Offload Stake In Infosys
Sahara group plans to finalise two more realty deals: reportsSahara group plans to finalise two more realty deals: reports
Sahara group plans to finalise two more realty deals: reports
Report stated that the talks are in final stages for sale of another land parcel in Pune.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/sahara-group-plans-to-finalise-two-more-realty-deals-reports-114120800130_1.html
December 08, 2014 12:50 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 08:26 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Those who are holding 30-50% in jbm  if not rebalced  likely to get ad...6 Followers
Why are you bothered.
..u havent given any single call on any share (when so many people asked u)and just howling here..
Do you want to talk about fundamentals here...seem you have no clue what they are else you would not make a mockery of yourself....

Operator doesnt want it to be above 35... will be screwed in the proce...Risk aversion grips global markets. Can Nifty hold 8000?
Yes

Index below 8470 is in downward zoneCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy jet airways short team target 448Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Durgapur Steel PlantBhilai saved Rs 364 cr in FY14 on energy conservation: SAIL
Dec 15, 2014 at 19:10 | Source: PTI
This has helped the unit bag National Energy Conservation Award 2014 in the integrated steel sector, it added.
Metkore Alloys: Updates on commencement of operations at metal recovery plant
Dec 13, 2014 at 10:56 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Metkore Alloys & Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Metal Recovery Plant commenced operations for extracting Ferro Chrome from the Slag for which the company entered long term contract with M/s. Harsco India Private Limited. From these operations, the Company will benefit by over Rs. 100 Cr in a timeline of four years.
JSPL concerned over raw material shortage for steel plant
Dec 10, 2014 at 20:39 | Source: PTI
Naveen Jindal said Indian Steel Association and those who have invested in Odisha would apprise the state government about raw material crunch to find a lasting solution.
JSW's Bengal project on 'hold'
Dec 01, 2014 at 08:17 | Source: PTI
JSW Bengal currently do not have either coal or iron-ore linkages for the Salboni project. However, Jindal said they will bid for the three coal mines, if put on auction, which were offered by the West Bengal government agencies for the proposed 10 million tonne integrated steel plant.
JSW Steel defers Italian steel co acquisition
Dec 01, 2014 at 08:05 | Source: PTI
The company recently also gave a clarification in the bourses saying, "In line with our long term strategy to acquire finishing mills near to the market, we have submitted a binding bid for takeover of Rolling Mills of the Piombini Plant of Lucchini in Italy subject to certain terms and conditions.
Essar commissions Rs 6K cr pellet complex in Odisha
Nov 27, 2014 at 19:01 | Source: PTI
With commissioning of this 6 mtpa pellet plant in the first stage, Essar Steel's total pellet capacity has gone up to 14 million tonnes, making it the largest Indian producer of this intermediary product for manufacturing of steel.
Govt fast-tracks setting up infra for $40 bn steel projects
Nov 25, 2014 at 19:28 | Source: PTI
State-run iron ore miner NMDC was earlier given the task of putting in place basic infrastructure, including land acquisition for the plants, each with 10-12 million tonne capacity, in Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Karnataka and Odisha.
Steel consumption grows by 0.5% during April-Oct to 43.1 MT
Nov 10, 2014 at 18:09 | Source: PTI
"The slow/negative growth numbers appear to reflect the lingering effect of the economic slowdown and are further depressed by the decline in production for sale in October 2014 over October 2013," JPC said.
Supplies from Sharda mines hinge on environment nod: JSPL
Nov 05, 2014 at 11:39 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Ravi Uppal, managing director and CEO of JSPL says the plants are being run based on the inventory of iron ore lumps that it had, along with the supplies it is getting from the Tensa mine.
RINL aims 10% higher production this year despite Hudhud
Nov 04, 2014 at 17:04 | Source: PTI
"Swinging into action following the devastating cyclone that hit us on October 12, production in our plant is now in full swing. We hope to produce a minimum of 10 percent more than what we did in the last fiscal," RINL's Chairman and Managing Director P Madhusudan said
Bhilai saved Rs 364 cr in FY14 on energy conservation: SAIL
Dec 15, 2014 at 19:10 | Source: PTI
This has helped the unit bag National Energy Conservation Award 2014 in the integrated steel sector, it added.
JSPL concerned over raw material shortage for steel plant
Dec 10, 2014 at 20:39 | Source: PTI
Naveen Jindal said Indian Steel Association and those who have invested in Odisha would apprise the state government about raw material crunch to find a lasting solution.
JSW Steel defers Italian steel co acquisition
Dec 01, 2014 at 08:05 | Source: PTI
The company recently also gave a clarification in the bourses saying, "In line with our long term strategy to acquire finishing mills near to the market, we have submitted a binding bid for takeover of Rolling Mills of the Piombini Plant of Lucchini in Italy subject to certain terms and conditions.
JSW's Bengal project on 'hold'
Dec 01, 2014 at 08:17 | Source: PTI
JSW Bengal currently do not have either coal or iron-ore linkages for the Salboni project. However, Jindal said they will bid for the three coal mines, if put on auction, which were offered by the West Bengal government agencies for the proposed 10 million tonne integrated steel plant.
Essar commissions Rs 6K cr pellet complex in Odisha
Nov 27, 2014 at 19:01 | Source: PTI
With commissioning of this 6 mtpa pellet plant in the first stage, Essar Steel's total pellet capacity has gone up to 14 million tonnes, making it the largest Indian producer of this intermediary product for manufacturing of steel.
Govt fast-tracks setting up infra for $40 bn steel projects
Nov 25, 2014 at 19:28 | Source: PTI
State-run iron ore miner NMDC was earlier given the task of putting in place basic infrastructure, including land acquisition for the plants, each with 10-12 million tonne capacity, in Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Karnataka and Odisha.
Steel consumption grows by 0.5% during April-Oct to 43.1 MT
Nov 10, 2014 at 18:09 | Source: PTI
"The slow/negative growth numbers appear to reflect the lingering effect of the economic slowdown and are further depressed by the decline in production for sale in October 2014 over October 2013," JPC said.
Supplies from Sharda mines hinge on environment nod: JSPL
Nov 05, 2014 at 11:39 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Ravi Uppal, managing director and CEO of JSPL says the plants are being run based on the inventory of iron ore lumps that it had, along with the supplies it is getting from the Tensa mine.
RINL aims 10% higher production this year despite Hudhud
Nov 04, 2014 at 17:04 | Source: PTI
"Swinging into action following the devastating cyclone that hit us on October 12, production in our plant is now in full swing. We hope to produce a minimum of 10 percent more than what we did in the last fiscal," RINL's Chairman and Managing Director P Madhusudan said
Steel exports up 0.4% in H1, domestic firms worried
Oct 17, 2014 at 17:01 | Source: PTI
India exported 2.69 million tonne steel during the April- September period of 2014-15, compared to 2.68 MT in the same period of last fiscal, according to the data compiled by the Joint Plant Committee, a unit under the Steel Ministry.
Videos »

Acclaimed Carnatic vocalist Nedunuri Krishnamurthy passes awayAcclaimed Carnatic vocalist Nedunuri Krishnamurthy passes away
PTI
Acclaimed Carnatic vocalist Nedunuri Krishnamurthy passed away early today at his Visakhapatnam residence.
He was 87.
Krishnamurthy, who was reportedly undergoing treatment for lung cancer, died at around 1.38 am, family members said.
Expressing deep grief over his death, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu described him as a doyen in the field of Carnatic music.
“He did yeomen service to the spread of Carnatic music and was the person under whose guidance Dr MS Subbalakshmi rendered the ‘Annamacharya Keerthanas’ in the TTD (Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams) project. He was instrumental in organising the ‘Naada Nirajanam Programme’. He was also Principal of the Music College and rendered great service in the field of Carnatic Music,” Naidu noted in his condolence message.
The Chief Minister directed Chief Secretary I Y R Krishna Rao to go to Visakhapatnam on his behalf and place a wreath and convey his heartfelt condolences to the members of the bereaved family.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

New compound rapidly eliminates malaria parasiteNew compound rapidly eliminates malaria parasite
PTI
Wikipedia
Washington, Dec 8:  
A promising new anti-malarial compound tricks the immune system to rapidly destroy red blood cells infected with the malaria parasite without damaging healthy cells, a new study has found.
Researchers determined that the compound (+)-SJ733 uses a novel mechanism to kill the parasite by recruiting the immune system to eliminate malaria-infected red blood cells.
In a mouse model of malaria, a single dose of (+)-SJ733 killed 80 per cent of malaria parasites within 24 hours. After 48 hours the parasite was undetectable.
Planning has begun for safety trials of the compound in healthy adults, researchers said.
Laboratory evidence suggests that the compound’s speed and mode of action work together to slow and suppress development of drug-resistant parasites.
“Our goal is to develop an affordable, fast-acting combination therapy that cures malaria with a single dose,” said corresponding author R Kiplin Guy, from the St Jude Children’s Research Hospital in U.S.
Whole genome sequencing of the Plasmodium falciparum, the deadliest of the malaria parasites, showed that (+)-SJ733 disrupted activity of the ATP4 protein in the parasites.
The protein functions as a pump that the parasites depend on to maintain the proper sodium balance by removing excess sodium.
Investigators used the laboratory technique to determine the makeup of the DNA molecule in different strains of the malaria parasite.
Researchers showed that inhibiting ATP4 triggered a series of changes in malaria-infected red blood cells that marked them for destruction by the immune system. The infected cells changed shape and shrank in size.
They also became more rigid and exhibited other alterations typical of ageing red blood cells. The immune system responded using the same mechanism the body relies on to rid itself of ageing red blood cells.
“The data suggest that compounds targeting ATP4 induce physical changes in the infected red blood cells that allow the immune system or erythrocyte quality control mechanisms to recognise and rapidly eliminate infected cells,” said co-author Joseph DeRisi, a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator.
“This rapid clearance response depends on the presence of both the parasite and the investigational drug. That is important because it leaves uninfected red blood cells, also known as erythrocytes, unharmed,” said DeRisi.
Laboratory evidence also suggests that the mechanism will slow and suppress development of drug-resistant strains of the parasite, researchers said.
Planning has begun to move (+)-SJ733 from the laboratory into the clinic beginning with a safety study of the drug in healthy adults, they said.
The study appears in the journal PNAS.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

RBI Deputy Governor Khan proposes novel PPP model to drive financial inclusion agendaRBI Deputy Governor Khan proposes novel PPP model to drive financial inclusion agenda
K R Srivats
HR Khan, Deputy Governor, Reserve Bank of India
New Delhi, Dec 8:  
India should adopt a “PPP” model for driving its financial inclusion agenda, RBI Deputy Governor HR Khan has said.
Financial inclusion efforts should be tested against the “Plan, Pursue and Pause” framework to ensure better outcomes, Khan said at the “Inclusive Finance India Summit 2014” in the capital on Monday.
There is a need to “plan” well, pursue what has been planned and ensure there is a “pause” to see if it is working well. Adoption of such a “PPP” approach could mean better results, Khan said.
Not public-private model
This PPP model is different from the commonly-known ‘public-private partnership’ that the Government is looking to encourage in various economic activities.
Later, Tarun Chugh, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, PNB MetLife India Insurance, told BusinessLine that India's financial inclusion efforts are still at a “pilot” stage and more needs to be done to improve access to basic banking facilities, expanding mobile banking and increasing financial capability.
Financial inclusion is just not about opening bank accounts but providing access to the breadth of financial products needed by all people, he said.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

European shares fall on soft macro data from China  JapanEuropean shares fall on soft macro data from China, Japan
Reuters
Tweet
Paris, Dec 8:  
European shares fell in early trading on Monday, trimming some of the previous session’s sharp gains, following soft macro data from China and Japan, while Italian shares dropped after S&P downgraded the country’s credit rating.
Milan’s MIB index was down 0.7 per cent, with Banco Popolare down 1.3 per cent and BMPS down 0.9 per cent.
S&P had on Friday cut the country’s sovereign credit rating from BBB to BBB-, just one notch above junk, citing weak growth and poor competitiveness which undermine the sustainability of its huge public debt.
At 0806 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was down 0.4 per cent at 1,399.68 points, after surging 1.8 per cent on Friday.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Sanskrit row: No student should be put to difficulty  SC to CentreSanskrit row: No student should be put to difficulty, SC to Centre
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 8:  
The Supreme Court today asked the Centre to clarify the repercussions of introducing Sanskrit in Kendriya Vidyalayas on students appearing for board examination.
No student should be put to difficulty, the Supreme Court told the Centre on Sanskrit issue.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Australian researchers set world record in solar energy efficiencyAustralian researchers set world record in solar energy efficiency
PTI
Reuters
Melbourne, Dec 8:  
In a world first, Australian researchers have converted over 40 per cent of the sunlight hitting a solar system into electricity, the highest efficiency ever reported.
The record efficiency was achieved in outdoor tests in Sydney, before being independently confirmed by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) at their outdoor test facility in the U.S.
“This is the highest efficiency ever reported for sunlight conversion into electricity,” The University of New South Wales Scientia Professor and Director of the Advanced Centre for Advanced Photovoltaics (ACAP) Professor Martin Green said.
“We used commercial solar cells, but in a new way, so these efficiency improvements are readily accessible to the solar industry,” added Mark Keevers, the UNSW solar scientist who managed the project.
“The new results are based on the use of focused sunlight, and are particularly relevant to photovoltaic power towers being developed in Australia,” Green said.
Power towers are being developed by Australian company, RayGen Resources, which provided design and technical support for the high efficiency prototype.
Another partner in the research was Spectrolab, a U.S.-based company that provided some of the cells used in the project.
A key part of the prototype’s design is the use of a custom optical bandpass filter to capture sunlight that is normally wasted by commercial solar cells on towers and convert it to electricity at a higher efficiency than the solar cells themselves ever could.
Such filters reflect particular wavelengths of light while transmitting others.
The work will be published in the Progress in Photovoltaics journal.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

SAARC countries should be sensitive to each others security concerns: SwarajSAARC countries should be sensitive to each other’s security concerns: Swaraj
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 8:  
In a veiled attack on Pakistan, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj today termed terrorism as one of the most serious challenges facing South Asia and said it can be tackled only when every country recognises that there are “no good or bad terrorists”.
Underlining that all terrorists “are the same”, Swaraj said SAARC countries must remain sensitive to each other’s security concerns and should neither encourage nor undertake any activity that might be detrimental to the security and welfare of the neighbour.
“Only then can we create a genuine, cooperative, South Asian security community,” she asserted in comments that came amid increasing attacks by Pakistani militants in Jammu and Kashmir that have claimed the lives of 14 Army personnel in less than a month.
The Army and security agencies believe that the militants came from across the border.
Talking about economic growth and social progress in the region, she said it is possible only in a peaceful and secure environment.
“Terrorism is one of the most serious challenges facing the entire South Asian region and it can only be dealt with when each one of us recognises that there are no good terrorists and bad terrorists. They are all the same,” she said in her address at an event organised by South Asian University here.
Pakistan has been accused of playing favourites when it comes to tackling terror. While it is taking action against Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan terrorists, terror groups inimical to India have been nurtured.
“As neighbours we must remain sensitive to each other’s security concerns and neither encourage nor undertake any activity that might be detrimental to the security and welfare of the neighbour,” she said.
“It is equally important to ensure that we fulfil our international and regional obligations in terms of denying sanctuary, funding and training support to non-state actors, terrorists and criminals,” Swaraj said.
The Minister said that SAARC nations must also strengthen defences against illicit narcotics, fake currency, weapons smuggling, human trafficking and cyber crime.
“We must work together to neutralise the threats posed to each other by sharing resources and intelligence and data about extremists and terrorist outfits. Only then can we create a genuine, cooperative, South Asian security community,” she said.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Infosys impact: Sensex plunges 269 points: IT  TECk stocks nosediveWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Kerala High Court orders partial demolition of DLF towers for CRZ violationskerala high court orders partial demolition of dlf towers for crz violations
Infosys promoter stake sale: Should you worryInfosys founder stake sale: Should you worry?
Puneet Wadhwa | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 10:24 PM IST
Infosys has kept analysts busy with a series of announcements over the past few months. In October, the company’s founders expressed their desire to be known as shareholders, not promoters. While N R Narayana Murthy turned down the offer to be chairman emeritus, Nandan Nilekani, S D Shibulal, S Gopalakrishnan and K Dinesh told the company they no longer wanted to be known as ‘promoters’.
Between October and now, Infosys has surprised the Street with announcement of a 1:1 (one share for every share held) bonus issue, at the time of reporting its above-expectation September quarter results, and held its first analysts’ meet last week under new chief executive (CEO) Vishal Sikka.
Bullish on the company, investors, both domestic and foreign, increased their holding in the September quarter. While foreign institutional investors’ (FIIs’) 42.67 per cent holding was near a record high, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) increased its stake to 4.45 per cent from 3.82 per cent in the previous quarter.
While domestic institutions and FIIs are increasing their stake, the founders are paring their stakes.
On Monday, the founders and their family members sold a 2.8 per cent stake in the company for “personal and philanthropic reasons”, at a 3.9 per cent discount to Friday’s closing price of Rs 2,069.70 a share. The stock hit a low of Rs 1,958.5 in intra-day deals on the BSE before settling at Rs 1,968.6, down 4.9 per cent from its previous close.
“Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani and Dinesh K, and some of their family members, as well as wife of co-founder S D Shibulal, have sold 32.6 million shares of Infosys for approximately Rs 6,484 crore, constituting around 2.8 per cent of shares outstanding. The sale was executed at an average price of Rs 1,988.87. The shares were sold to institutional investors, both FIIs and domestic,” Deutsche Equities India, which was the sole broker, said.
Should these moves worry you as an investor?
Analysts say the company remains on a firm footing and the stake sale by the founders will not impact the fundamentals.
Mayuresh Joshi, vice-president (institutional), Angel Broking, explains: “Whatever the notion around sale of stake by founders, it doesn’t change anything fundamentally for the company. Infosys has been an underperformer when compared with TCS. However, the guidance Vishal Sikka gave at a recent analyst meet is optimistic. Generally, the enthusiasm among company employees is also on the higher side since Sikka assumed charge.”
As regards the recent meet, what stood out, according to analysts, was the positive body language of the new management, compared to a sense of cautious optimism of the founder-managers. It gave a qualitative feel about the work being done with clients in different verticals, aligned with the new CEO’s strategy.
But Ashwin Mehta, an analyst with Nomura who is tracking the company, feels Infosys' transformation will be a mammoth task. The company will have to overcome challenges like smaller revenue share from faster-growing services. Also, high dependence on on-premise software within consulting and SI (systems integration) business, and regaining lost ground in terms of client engagement from very competitive peers.
“We, therefore, see less chance of Infosys surprising on growth in the near term. However, we think the strategy is on the right path, leadership issues are behind the company, and Infosys has a chief executive who greatly improves the company’s profile in the eye of clients. We believe the valuation multiples could trade closer to those of Tata Consultancy Services, versus the 15 per cent discount on 2015-16F price-to-earnings currently, if it can execute well on strategy. Maintain a ‘buy’ rating,” he says.

India to see fastest  dollar nominal growth  in world in 2015: Credit SuisseIndia to see fastest 'dollar nominal growth' in world in 2015: Credit Suisse
Reuters |  Dec 08, 2014 01:12 PM IST
India's economy will see the fastest dollar nominal growth in the world in 2015, Credit Suisse has said.
Given the growth outlook, equity market is not expensive in both absolute and relative terms, it added.
Indian market is likely to see strongest earnings growth among Asian peers, and even globally, the bank said.
It listed its top buys as: Gujarat Pipavav Ports Ltd
, Havells India Ltd

Rupee falls in early trade on dollar demandForex update: Rupee snaps two-day gains, ends 3 paise down against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 18:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Wednesday snapped a two-day gaining streak to fall by three paise and end at 61.91 against the Greenback on fresh US dollar demand from importers.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee resumed stable at its Tuesday's closing level of 61.88 a dollar.
Initially, the local currency weakened as the US dollar rallied against  the basket of currencies on upbeat data. Most Asian currencies were weak  against the American unit, said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India  Pvt Ltd.
The rupee was trapped in a narrow range of 61.84 and 61.95 before settling at 61.91, logging a fall of three paise or 0.05 per cent. The domestic currency ended flat against the dollar.
The rupee had gained 15 paise in its previous two trading sessions.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Wednesday finished almost flat at 28,442.71 from Tuesday's close of 28444.01.
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs)/ foreign institutional investors (FIIs) picked up shares worth US $21.16 million on Tuesday, as per data released by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).

Bipasha Basu is scary and seductive in first look of  AloneWritten by Dimpal Bajwa , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 10:15 am
Bollywood actress Bipasha Basu , who has not had a good outing at the box office recently, is gearing up for her next horror flick ‘Alone’. After doing movies like ‘Raaz’ and ‘Creature 3D’ to name a few, the actress seems to be the hot favorite of directors when it comes to the horror genre.
In the first look of ‘Alone’, the actress can be seen in a double role romancing television actor Karan Singh Grover. Get prepared for some real horror as Bipasha looks very scary in the poster.
 
Bipasha Basu revealed the film’s first poster to her fans on Twitter.
First look of my new film #Alone with @Iamksgofficial ! Directed by @patelbhush and produced by Panorama Studios! pic.twitter.com/kEJJR3iApx
— Bipasha Basu (@bipsluvurself) December 6, 2014
The film’s first trailer will be released next week.
Scheduled to release on January 16, 2015 release, ‘Alone’ is being directed by Bhushan Patel.

Stalled infra projects set for big pushBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The Securities and Exchange Board of India is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than the six-month average price of the stock in listed companies whose projects especially in the infrastructure sector are being restructured.
This is part of a wider effort by policy makers led by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to get these projects back on track.
Following talks between Sebi and RBI, a proposal is underway seeking to provide a special dispensation only for banks to convert part of their loan exposure to troubled or stalled infrastructure projects at a price lower than the market.
This may be allowed only if the restructuring has the explicit or implicit approval of the central bank, senior officials said. The RBI had approached the capital market regulator to seek a new pricing formula as it reckons that some of the projects are valuable resources.
As current rules allow conversion of loans into equity only at a price higher than the prevailing market price given the Sebi norm of  a six-month average, banks have lost money in a few cases, notably Kingfisher Airlines. This has prompted a review of rules now.
Banks can now own only upto 10 per cent of the equity in a restructured project.
The capital market regulator is broadly in agreement with this provided the projects are those which form part of a scheme for stalled infrastructure projects or is vetted by the central bank, senior officials said. The difference between the lower price for such conversion and the market price will provide some flexibility to banks which have been hit by rising bad loans.
“We don’t want the price to be too low… then the value gets transferred from minority shareholders. We don’t want the value to be too high, then the value gets transferred from the banks, “RBI Governor, Raghuram Rajan had said last week after the monetary policy review. Bankers have been complaining that the six-month average price was a major road-block in the restructuring process.
Figures compiled by the finance ministry show that 371 projects with a investment Rs 18,47,266 crore are pending for resolution with the Project Monitoring Group (PMG) of the government.
This has also led to a fall in new project investments in the country. State-owned banks which funded these projects predominantly are already saddled with Rs 2,43,043 crore of bad loans — which is 5.32 per cent of their advances.
In an inter-action with a select group of print media journalists last week, Rajan said that many of these projects are in deep trouble and will need new infusion of funds. “ Unless the capital structure is remedied, there won’t be any new infusion… even to complete the projects. You will have to restructure the capital structure,” he said.
The RBI is keen to introduce adequate safeguards. “The question we have to ask  ourselves is: can we build in enough safeguards that we don’t have misuse of this process? We are trying to create some flexibility with enough safeguards. If the project succeeds, you have a big chunk of equity which will give a big upside,” Rajan had said last week. The safeguards that he hinted at could be because of past experience when such conversion of loans into equity was perceived as an attempt to mask bad loans.
In the case of loans to Kingfisher Airlines, banks which converted their debt at a price of Rs 65 a share are sitting on huge losses. The Kingfisher stock is now being quoted at Rs 1.34, — a massive loss of 98 per cent in the value of banks’ equity holding in the company. This was when the loan conversion was done in line with the Sebi formula of six-month average price.
Following misuse of the restructuring mechanism, the RBI had, in May 2013, restricted conversion of loans into equity by banks to 10 per cent of the restructured debt.
The RBI now also plans to allow banks to use the 5/25 norms for infra loans — now available only to fresh projects — for existing projects. What that means is banks can give loans to new infra projects for a 25-year period and refinance them every five years provided these projects do not become a non-performing asset.
These loans would not be classified as a restructured asset — which attracts a higher provisioning of 5 per cent — but categorised as standard.
SPECIAL WINDOW FOR BANKS
#  A proposal is underway to let banks to convert part of their loan exposure into equity at a price lower than the market
# Current rules allow conversion of only at a higher price given the Sebi norm of a six-month average
# Due to this restriction, banks have lost money in a few cases, notably Kingfisher Airlines, which has prompted a review of the rules
By Shaji Vikraman, George Mathew
TAGS: Reserve Bank Of India Sebi
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Societe Generale pulls out of GVK Hancock s long-delayed projectDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Societe Generale has suspended its involvement in financing a $10 billion coal mine, rail and port project being developed by India’s GVK conglomerate and Australian billionaire Gina Rinehart, citing the project’s years-long delay.
The French bank’s decision is the latest twist for a project originally scheduled to produce coal from 2014, but which has suffered challenges from landowners and green groups, and been complicated by coal prices falling to more than five-year lows.
Developer GVK Hancock said that before seeking financing it is focused on finalising approvals for the project’s Alpha coal mine in the Galilee Basin in Queensland, fighting legal disputes against approvals already won, and securing supply agreements.
“We have been working with Societe Generale on a specific element of the financing arrangements for our projects, but are not currently working on that specific work package and as such do not require their services at this time,” GVK Hancock said in an emailed statement.
The French bank said on Twitter on Friday that, “In the context of the Alpha coal project’s delay, Societe Generale has decided, in agreement with GVK-Hancock, to suspend its mandate. The bank has therefore no involvement with the project.”
The project has been targeted by green groups opposed to coal use and by tourism operators in Queensland, where there are concerns about plans to dredge ahead of expanding a port near the World Heritage-listed Great Barrier Reef.
Green groups, which have been pressing banks to not back coal projects, counted Societe Generale’s withdrawal as another win, following similar moves by Deutsche Bank AG, HSBC Holdings PLC, Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC  and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Greenpeace France on its Facebook page called the withdrawal “good news”.
A spokeswoman at Societe Generale Corporate and Investment Banking in Hong Kong confirmed the bank’s decision. She had no immediate comment on whether the bank would consider lending for the project when GVK Hancock is ready to seek financing.
GVK bought 79 percent stakes in the Alpha and Alpha West coal projects and a 100 percent stake in another project from Rinehart’s Hancock Prospecting for $1.26 billion at the peak of the coal boom in 2011, aiming to start producing in 2014. It still owes $560 million for the purchase.
TAGS: Societe Generale
More from companies

Meet the man who steered Wipro s energy unit from $300 mn to $1.1 bnYou are here: Home > Collections > Wipro
Meet Anand Padmanabhan, who steered Wipro's energy unit from $300 million to $1.1 billion
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Accenture
(Padmanabhan, who joined Wipro in…)
BENGALURU: At Wipro, even company veterans do not expect to meet with chairman Azim Premji on a regular basis. So, it was a surprise for Anand Padmanabhan, head of the vertical that services the energy and utilities sectors, when he was told about a meeting with him in the last week of October.
After a 30-minute chat with Premji and chief executive TK Kurien, Padmanabhan emerged a happy man. He has been elevated to the rank of president, a designation that none of the other six business unit heads of the country's third-largest IT company enjoys. It was the first time in three years that Wipro has appointed someone to the rank of president.
Padmanabhan, who joined Wipro in 1987 as a field engineer, was previously senior vice president of the oil and gas vertical. Under his watch, the business has been doing well.
This elevation was a recognition of the efforts of Padmanabhan who has steered the unit from a less than $300 million revenue business to more than $1.1 billion in six years, according to Saurabh Govil, head of human resources. The division now accounts for 18 per cent of Wipro's revenue and is the biggest serving the energy and utilities sectors among its local rivals. At Infosys, the business brings in about $450 million and at Tata Consultancy Services, about $500 million. Mumbai-born Padmanabhan, 51, declined comment for this story. He took over as the head of energy unit in 2008, after the then chief executive Suresh Vaswani tasked him with scaling up the business. For almost two decades before that — save for two years starting 1992 when he left Wipro to work for Unisys in the Middle East, he had worked across different departments in the telecoms vertical.
For the next two years, Padmanabhan took on the role of building his team with people who had domain expertise of working in upstream oil and gas space as he believed this was the only way he could provide his customers with value-added business.
"Today, Wipro has over 1,000 executives, arguably the largest (among Indian IT companies), with consulting or domain experience working in the exploration of oil," said a Mumbai based analyst at a domestic brokerage.
This is significant considering when Padmanabhan took over in 2008, it was a small team of just 30 people with domain expertise. He realised that to truly scale up the business, it had to help its clients beyond just meeting with their back-end IT requirements: it should be able to help the largest oil and gas companies in efficiently recovering oil and gas.
With a team in place, Padmanabhan sensed it was the right time to buy a firm that could help it offer the solutions to its largest oil and gas customers, including the world's second and third-largest oil companies, BP and Royal Dutch Shell. In April 2011, Wipro bought the oil and gas practice of US-based Scientific Applications International Corp for about $150 million, which in hindsight proved to be one of its best bets.
 
"That was obviously a great move as it gave them the missing piece in the jigsaw," said a senior executive from the energy unit of Infosys.
The acquisition transformed the energy unit of Wipro from being a downstream IT service provider to oil companies primarily in Europe to engage with oil giants in the US and enter the more lucrative space of upstream services that go right up to the oil rig.
This success in helping clients with transforming business needs in the oil and gas space was validated when Canadian utilities firm ATCO awarded it a $1.2 billion outsourcing contract earlier this summer. Almost all the major IT outsourcers, including Accenture and TCS, bid for the project but the deal swung in Wipro's favour after it was able to convince the boss of ATCO of the current work the company was doing for clients, and what other benefits it could offer in addition to providing just back-end IT work.
For Padmanabhan, who now shuttles between Mumbai, where his two children study, and Bengaluru where Wipro is headquartered, it is no easy job as for more than 300 days a year he is travelling. Listening to old Hindi songs, especially Kishore Kumar and Mukesh, is the ideal way to de-stress, he had said in an earlier interview with ET.
The biggest immediate concern for IT companies' energy services is probably the falling crude oil prices as oil drillers may cut down on their IT budgets to save on costs. For Padmanabhan too, this could pose the next big challenge.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian conglomerates work to get most from IT BudgetConglomerates work to get most from IT Budget
By Sneha Jha & Jochelle Mendonca, ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
Conglomerates have companies that work in different industry segments, where technology needs are vastly different and so much of the buying was decentralised. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Indian conglomerates, which control billions in dollars of IT spending a year, are putting in place centralised processes to get more bang for their buck when they spend on technology and are working on strategies to gain ground in the digital era.
Adjusted for size, large Indian conglomerates spend more on technology than other Indian companies, according to Partha Iyengar, analyst and Gartner India head of research, as they invest to stay ahead of competition. Indian IT spending is expected to grow 9.4% to $73.3 billion in 2015 and, while there's no official figure, conglomerates are expected to account for a significant chunk of that.
By definition, conglomerates have companies that work in different industry segments, where technology needs are vastly different and so much of the buying was decentralised. But that is beginning to change, according to experts. "A relatively new trend is to take a look at what the integrated competencies should be — that really cut across the individual industries or companies within that conglomerate.
There is technological maturity within the companies and technology is also becoming important at the group board level, Iyengar said. He added that group boards were also beginning to put in place strategies to leverage digital technologies such as mobility, cloud and the internet of things. The Tata Group is a case in point.
In July, chairman Cyrus Mistry handpicked a technology veteran from General Electric as the group's first chief technology officer. The appointment of Gopichand Katragadda signalled the group's desire to harness synergies between the group companies. Conglomerates are even looking at getting more value out of their IT organisations and getting economies of scale when they buy technology.
"Some items like data center-related air conditioner, security solutions, etc., are centrally purchased. For the rest, we negotiate the cost with the OEM partners. We have a rate contract with the OEM partners. For instance, if Essar Steel wants to buy 50 laptops there will be centrally-negotiated rate contract and the product and technology is centrally finalised. Then based on the rate contract, the purchase will take place," Jayantha Prabhu, CTO, Essar Group , told ET.
Buying for digital businesses is still being handled at the company level, but that too is likely to change in the future. "Businesses within the group will have different timelines for adoption of digitalisation and hence, buying initially may be distributed. Centralised IT buying due to digitalisation would be a long-term affair," said VS Parthasarathy , CFO and Group CIO, Mahindra & Mahindra.
Godrej Industries , on the other hand, is aiming to turn corporate IT into a profit centre . "We have already started to consolidate all our IT operations. In future, we would move to a scenario where the corporate IT team will start charging for the services provided. That's when we will turn corporate IT into a profit centre," said Shailesh Joshi, Head - IT, Godrej Industries.

SpiceJet shares fall 13% on fund drought  flight cancellationsSpiceJet stock closes over 4 per cent down on stock exchanges
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 18:03 IST
Photo: Reuters
Continuing to fall for the fifth straight session, shares of budget carrier SpiceJet ended over 4 per cent lower on Monday amid a flurry of negative news, including fund drought and large-scale flight cancellations.
After falling 12.85 per cent to Rs 13.90 in intra-day trade, shares of SpiceJet finally ended at Rs 15.25, down 4.39 per cent from its previous close on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
In five trading sessions, the stock has fallen by over 28 per cent. During this period, the company's market value fell by Rs 321 crore to Rs 816.30 crore.
Concerned over deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA last week withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
With SpiceJet wobbling amid fund drought and the aviation regulator keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, the no-frill carrier's pilots are flocking to other airlines in search of a job, industry sources said.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over SpiceJet's ability to run as a "going concern".
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concerns over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather, not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
Shares of the company have been on the back foot amid reports that Airport Authority of India (AAI)has put it on cash-and-carry payment mode.
In a filing to the BSE, the company on Monday said, "We would like to clarify that SpiceJet Limited is not under a "Cash-and-Carry" payment mode with Airport Authority of India as wrongly reported in certain sections of the media."
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs 310 crore which is down from Rs 559 crore net loss during the corresponding period last year.

Uber cabs Delhi rape:  Safest rides on the road  driver SK Yadav is repeat offenderDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Uber was banned in Delhi yesterday and government mulled similar action across the country as outrage grew over the alleged rape of a 27-year-old woman executive by its cab driver.
Uber cabs driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who was arrested Sunday evening from Mathura for raping a 27-year-old executive in Delhi, is a repeat offender- Uber claims that it offers the ‘safest rides on the road’.
Revealed during the initial interrogation by the police, this fact highlights the carelessness on the part of Uber cab service. The accused would not have been behind the wheel of the Uber cab had the US-based company run a background check and got police verification done.
On Friday night, the 27-year-old woman who works for a finance company in Gurgaon has gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7 pm. After dinner, one of her friend gave her a ride till Vasant Kunj. She meanwhile booked the cab from Vasant Kunj to her house in Inderlok on her smartphone. The driver along with Uber Swift Dzire cab arrived around 10.20 pm and she left for home.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat of the car only to wake up and find that they had stopped at a secluded spot. She found that the car doors were locked and, when she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed her and then committed rape.
“The driver reportedly sexually assaulted her and beat her up. The woman said she tried to fight back, but he overpowered her. He reportedly told her that if she shouted for help, he would insert a rod in her genitals, and reminded her of the December 16 2012 bus gangrape in the city,” reported Indian Express.
In the complaint, the woman said that the driver repeatedly slapped her and punched her when she tried to use her phone to make a call. He also told her that he would drop her home safely only if she wouldn’t report the matter to the police.
The driver reportedly dropped her home, registered the end of the ride on Uber’s software, and gave her a bill. “After she got down from the car, she secretly clicked a photograph of the cab, with the vehicle’s registration number. She went home, but soon  left for the Sarai Rohilla police station to file a complaint,” said the police.
This incident was reported around 1.25 am on Saturday. A case was registered at Sarai Rohilla Police Station under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
Activists of AISA and JNUSU protest against the rape by Uber cab driver, outside Police headquarters in New Delhi. (Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Uber cab in which the crime took place was owned by the driver himself and he was traced through his mobile number and has been handed over to the Delhi police. The Swift Dzire cab in which the crime took place was recovered from the city late Saturday night.
Meanwhile, the US-based cab service provider, which has come under attack for allegedly flouting norms, has issued a statement saying they are providing all help to police in the investigation.
We are deeply disturbed by the reported incident. Our thoughts are with the victim. We are actively and fully cooperating with authorities.
— Uber Delhi (@Uber_Delhi) December 6, 2014
Uber spokesperson, Evelyn Tay, made the following statement on their blog, “Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done.”
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” added Evelyn Tay.
Police take away rape accused Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav after he was produced before a Magistrate Court in New Delhi on Monday. (PTI)
Police said the driver did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and the only link the service provider had with him was an Smartphone App which he exited after the incident.
The company also could not immediately provide the call log to police as details were said to be stored at the company’s headquarters in New York.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

Infosys slips 5%; experts say block deal pressure a good opportunityYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Block deal pressure good opportunity to buy Infosys
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 05.55PM IST
Tags:
Barclays
(Infosys was witnessing…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys saw intense selling pressure through the day, following a huge block deal on the counter. Four founder members of the company have sold 25 per cent stake of their holding to raise $1.1 billion.
They sold 3.23 crore shares at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 per share in 16 block deals through Deutsche Bank . The block deal was at 4 per cent discount to Friday's closing price.
The stock has been recently down on profit booking as investors booked profits after the stock started trading ex-bonus on the exchanges.
The stock closed the session on Monday at Rs 1,968.60; down 4.88%, at Rs 101.10.
However, the sharp correction in the stock should be utilized by investors to buy the stock. According to dealers, the stock may see an upmove of over Rs 100 in the next 3-4 days.
This means that the stock can return over 5% in 3-4 days, as the experts say, if we calculate from today's intraday low of 1,967.55.
The overhang of the block deal is expected to be short-lived.
"There is still a pent-up demand for this erstwhile bellwether for the IT sector. As we have said earlier, a lot of new long only money that is going to come into India will definitely find way into names like Infosys and SBI," said Vineet Bhatnagar, MD, PhillipCapital to ET Now.
"From that point of view, if you like a three-year view, then you must be looking at Infosys. Sikka seems to be making good amount of news as well as work. So I would imagine that there is interest in the stock with the three-year view," Bhatnagar added.
The company recently held analysts' meet and most analysts remain bullish on the company's growth prospects after Vishal Sikka took over as the CEO and MD. Dr Sikka reiterated that Infosys continues to be on track to return to industry levels of growth by June 2016.
Analysts at Barclays Research are of the view that the management's top down strategy at the meet suggested the revival will be driven by higher revenue productivity led by adoption of AI and automation and investments in sales force leading to better account mining and large deal wins.
"While contribution of new services to the top-line will likely be minimal, pursuing these initiatives has helped the company to establish a strategic dialogue with its clients. We maintain our OW rating and adjust our target price to Rs 2,500, to account for the 1:1 bonus issue," the report added. Analysts are bullish on the company's growth outlook as the management reiterated its focus on renewing the existing business, while focusing on new business simultaneously.
"We expect the company to report an EPS of Rs 107.9 and Rs 123.2 in FY15e and FY16e, respectively. We also introduce our FY17e EPS estimate of INR140.1, implying a three-year EPS CAGR of 14.6%. The stock is currently quoting at FY16e and FY17e PER of 17.1x and 15.0x, respectively. We reiterate Buy rating on the company with a target price of INR 2,382, based on 17x FY17e EPS," said an Antique Stock Broking report. CLSA has a 'Buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2500.
"We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital. Infosys is clearly exploiting its latent strengths in training and talent to catapult it back to industry leadership," said a CLSA report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I am open to marriage: CameronDiazBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:48 pm
‘Annie’ star Cameron Diaz says she is not ruling out the idea of walking down the aisle someday.
The 42-year-old actress has stated in past that she is not looking for a husband, but now seems to have a change in her attitude, reported E! online.
“You can just tell when people are good partners to one another and are kind to one another and compassionate and generous and thoughtful.
“I think that’s a really nice thing and you can see that. Because you can also see what people don’t think about their partners and aren’t kind, aren’t generous. I think it’s obvious. Those things are obvious,” Diaz said.
However, the ‘Sex Tape’ star doesn’t rule out the idea of becoming someone’s wife someday.
She added, “And so, I’ve never said never to anything. Believe me, I’ll try anything once or twice or maybe even three times.”
Diaz is dating Good Charlotte rocker Benji Madden.

Pooja Bhatt  husband Manish Makhija call it quits after 11 years ofmarriageWritten by Dimpal Bajwa , Edited by Sarika Sharma |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:42 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 12:29 pm
Bollywood actress turned director, Pooja Bhatt and her husband Manish Makhija (former Channel V VJ and restaurateur) ended their marriage after 11 years of being together. The former actress confirmed the news on Twitter.
The eldest child of director Mahesh Bhatt, Pooja Bhatt married Manish in 2003. The two met on the sets of film ‘Paap’ and got married in Goa.
To all those who care & especially those that don’t my husband Munna & Me have decided to part ways after 11 glorious years of marriage.
— Pooja Bhatt (@PoojaB1972) December 8, 2014
There have been rumours about their divorce previously, but this time the actress broke the news herself in a series of tweets.
Our split as some might call it is amicable & we hold each other in the highest esteem for now and forever.
— Pooja Bhatt (@PoojaB1972) December 8, 2014
The reason I explain Is because we are both part of the public domain. Our friends,well wishers & foes are free to now speculate. : )
— Pooja Bhatt (@PoojaB1972) December 8, 2014
Though the couple has parted ways, but the two are likely to be working together since Manish is composing music for Pooja’s next film ‘Cabaret’.

Saarc nations should be sensitive on securit...Border
(The Minister said that SAARC…)
NEW DELHI: In a veiled attack on Pakistan, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj today termed terrorism as one of the most serious challenges facing South Asia and said it can be tackled only when every country recognises that there are "no good or bad terrorists".
Underlining that all terrorists "are the same", Swaraj said SAARC countries must remain sensitive to each other's security concerns and should neither encourage nor undertake any activity that might be detrimental to the security and welfare of the neighbour.
"Only then can we create a genuine, cooperative, South Asian security community," she asserted in comments that came amid increasing attacks by Pakistani militants in Jammu and Kashmir that have claimed the lives of 14 Army personnel in less than a month.
The Army and security agencies believe that the militants came from across the border.
Talking about economic growth and social progress in the region, she said it is possible only in a peaceful and secure environment.
"Terrorism is one of the most serious challenges facing the entire South Asian region and it can only be dealt with when each one of us recognises that there are no good terrorists and bad terrorists. They are all the same," she said in her address at an event organised by South Asian University here.
Pakistan has been accused of playing favourites when it comes to tackling terror. While it is taking action against Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan terrorists, terror groups inimical to India have been nurtured.
"As neighbours we must remain sensitive to each other's security concerns and neither encourage nor undertake any activity that might be detrimental to the security and welfare of the neighbour," she said.
"It is equally important to ensure that we fulfil our international and regional obligations in terms of denying sanctuary, funding and training support to non-state actors, terrorists and criminals," Swaraj said.
The Minister said that SAARC nations must also strengthen defences against illicit narcotics, fake currency, weapons smuggling, human trafficking and cyber crime.
"We must work together to neutralise the threats posed to each other by sharing resources and intelligence and data about extremists and terrorist outfits. Only then can we create a genuine, cooperative, South Asian security community," she said.
Talking about need for regional connectivity and trade, Swaraj said India had hoped to sign the SAARC Motor Vehicle and SAARC Railway Agreements at the recent Summit.
"Unfortunately, however, this was not to be. SAARC Transport Ministers would now be meeting within three months to finalise and approve these two agreements for signature," she said.
She recalled Prime Minister Narendra Modi's words to highlight the need for connectivity.
"As Prime Minister pointed out, goods travel from one Punjab to the other Punjab (in Pakistan) through Delhi, Mumbai, Dubai and Karachi, making the journey eleven times longer and the cost four times more," she said.
With reductions in tariff and non-tariff barriers, intra-regional trade could be enhanced by as much as 250 per cent of the current level, with much of the gain flowing to the smaller members of SAARC, she said.
She noted that while regional economic integration has already achieved remarkable successes in Europe, South East Asia, and elsewhere, SAARC region seems to have been left behind.
The problem is that our land, air and maritime connectivity is still very tenuous, she said.
The reasons she listed were weak transport connectivity, complex procedures of customs clearances at the border , limited crossing points for entry of goods, onerous and costly trans-shipment requirements, and inefficiencies in the payment systems.
Swaraj said another area where SAARC can make a huge difference is energy.
She said the region's per capita consumption of power is among the lowest in the world and as much as thirty per cent of the region's energy demands are met through imports.
At the same time, the presence of natural gas in Bangladesh, coal and petroleum products in India and hydro-power in Nepal and Bhutan provides a basis for regionally integrated energy cooperation, she said.
Swaraj stressed on the need to harness conventional and renewable sources of energy such as solar, wind and hydropower.
"We also need to build inter-connected transmission grids and forge effective power trading agreements in hydro-power, petroleum products, bulk electricity, natural gas and coal," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Zuckerberg reads Chinese Presidents bookUpdated: December 8, 2014 13:56 IST
Zuckerberg reads Chinese President’s book
AP
China
The news portal of China’s top Internet agency has released a photo of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg with a copy of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s book on governance at his desk while hosting an Internet official from the country.
Mr. Zuckerberg, who has long sought access to the market in China, where Facebook is blocked, is quoted by the portal as saying he purchased several copies of Mr. Xi’s book so that he and colleagues could learn about “socialism with Chinese characteristics.”
China.com.cn said the photo was taken while Mr. Zuckerberg hosted Lu Wei, China’s top Internet regulator, at his office in California.
In October, Mr. Zuckerberg surprised Chinese college students in Beijing when he chatted with them for 30 minutes in Mandarin.

PM Modi holds rally in Samba  says he wants Kashmiri youth to hold Android One inhandsWritten by Arun Sharma |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:17 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 2:49 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday visited the Army headquarters here and paid tributes to the soldiers killed in Friday’s deadly militant attack in Uri.
Modi, who is scheduled to address his maiden election rally in the valley, visited the Army’s Badami Bagh headquarters and laid floral wreath at the war memorial as a tribute to the eight soldiers who laid down their lives while repulsing the militant attack in Uri.
Eleven security force personnel, including eight soldiers and three policemen, were killed in a deadly pre-dawn attack by militants on an Army camp in Uri area of Baramulla district on Friday.
All the six militants involved in the attack were killed. Modi visited the headquarters of the Srinagar-based 15 corps soon after addressing an election rally at Samba in Jammu region.
He is scheduled to address his first election rally at Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in summer capital Srinagar, which has been sealed off as part of the security drill for the high profile visit.
Modi asked the voters in Jammu & Kashmir not to let the sacrifices of Army jawans go in waste and requested them to turn out in huge numbers to choose ballot over bullet.
Modi on Monday said that misled Kashmiri youth was feeling the burden of AK-47 rifle and they wanted to get rid of it so as to hold Android One in their hands.
“The time has gone and these people don’t know that even the misguided youth have started feeling the burden of AK-47 and he wants to get rid of it so as to hold Android One in his hands,” Modi said addressing a 50,000 strong rally here this afternoon.
“We want to expose youth of the state to the power of Android One…We want to give in their hands the power of a computer…We want to give in their hands the power to write new dreams,” he said amidst repeated applause from the general public.
He also asked the people to rise above regional, religious or cast politics. “We are one and we have come here to promote new politics – the politics of development,” he said.
Modi also too a dig at Congress, National Conference and the PDP for the present state of affairs in Jammu Kashmir. Accusing Congress of playing opportunist politics only to remain in power, he called for bringing an end to the two-family-politics for betterment of the state.
Asking people to ensure that none of the Congress candidate gets elected in the assembly polls, Modi appealed them to vote a majority government in the state for all round progress and development. “Otherwise a coalition government jeeps busy only to save its government continued…

China announces record trade surplus of $54....China announces record trade surplus of $54.47 billion, helped by weak oil price
New York Times Dec 8, 2014, 01.13PM IST
Tags:
(China's General Administration…)
By Keith Bradsher
China's trade surplus soared in November to hit a record, as the steeply falling price of oil, iron ore and other commodities reduced the cost of imports even as China's exports continued to capture a growing share of world markets.
China's General Administration of Customs announced on Monday that the country's trade surplus had leapt to $54.47 billion, easily breaking the previous record, set only in August, of $49.87 billion. Chinese exports have become even more competitive abroad after China's central bank intervened aggressively in currency markets early this year to hold down the value of the renminbi, and appears to have done so again in recent weeks.
The huge trade surplus comes as China's stock market has emerged as one of the world's best performers this autumn. It has climbed 23.5 per cent since the central bank cut interest rates on Nov. 21, including a gain of 2.1 per cent in initial trading on Monday morning following the release of the trade figures.
The export and import data on Monday nonetheless showed some signs of weakness in the Chinese economy. Exports were up 4.7 per cent from November of last year, somewhat less than foreign economists expected, while imports dropped 6.6 per cent. Many foreign economists had expected a small increase.
Julian Evans-Pritchard, an economist in the Singapore office of Capital Economics, a macroeconomic research company, said that the data had been distorted somewhat by imports and exports of precious metals carried out to avoid China's many controls on transferring large sums of money in or out of the country.
Exports are likely to fare reasonably well in the coming months, he wrote in a research note, while adding that "in contrast, import growth is likely to remain weak given the ongoing structural slowdown in investment."
Prices have plunged not only for imported raw materials like oil but also for semi-processed goods like plastic and steel that are made from oil and other commodities. But falling commodity prices have not necessarily fattened the profits of Chinese manufacturers, as ferocious competition among them and chronic overcapacity have forced them to pass much of the savings on to their customers.
"Raw material costs have come down recently, though it is still very competitive since the costs have come down also for other manufacturers in China - however, it has allowed us to be more flexible on pricing," said Cherry Jiang, a sales executive at the Wuxi Redhot Industries Co., a maker of plastic lunchboxes and other plastic containers in Wuxi, a city in east-central China's Jiangsu province.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Specific amendments needed for Make in India'Industry specific amendments needed to milk Make in India'
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 02.00PM IST
Tags:
American Oil
(Another industry expert…)
PANAJI: The captains of home care, personal care and chemical industry feel that government's 'Make In India' initiative will propel industrial growth, but to make it more impactful, certain industry specific amendments are needed at the earliest.
"The single window system for all the clearances should be in place which should also include the environment clearance. This is a hurdle which all the chemical factories are facing," said B K Gaikwad , Vice Chairman, Chemexcil (Chemicals, Pharmaceuticals and Cosmetics Export Promotion Board).
Also, government should ensure that products made in SEZs should be covered par with FTAs, he said.
"The products produced in these (SEZ) zones when sold in the domestic market, will attract the standard duty. This is in contrast to the fact that India has Free Trade Agreements (FTAs) with several countries where the duty is low or almost zero, he said.
Gaikwad was speaking on the sidelines of ongoing International Conference on Soaps , Detergents and Cosmetics (ICSDC) organised by Indian Home and Personal Care Industry Association (IHPCIA) in association with The American Oil Chemists' Society.
He said that Make in India and Swacch Bharat initiatives are going to have tremendous impact on the Home and Personal Care (HPC) industry.
"Firstly, when we talk of `Swacch Bharat', it does not necessary means cleaning with brooms. It also means maintaining hygiene. With this initiative there is exponential potential for the growth. Per capita consumption of these products is going to go up," he said.
Another industry expert Sanjay Trivedi said that home care industry is growing at the rate of 10-11 per cent till now and personal care is between 18-20 per cent.
He, however, said that per capita of home care is around four kg, which is about 20 per cent to that of developed country, while for personal care products, the consumption is smaller around one kg per capita.
Nadir B Godrej, Managing Director, Godrej Industries Ltd said that personal and home care industry is very large in China where per capita is much more than India.
"India is generally 10-12 years behind China in this segment. So you can see the very explosive growth happening in the years to come. This is very globalised industry.. there are very large multinationals operating in india, there are sevral indian companies which have become multinationals over last 5-6 years," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Labour ministry to improve skills of unorganised workersGoutam Das      Follow @Goutam20    Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 20:25 IST
Photo: Reuters
The manufacturing industry in India has a twin problem when it comes to industrial relations - fear and flexibility. The fear is because of pushback from aggressive unions over salary and discipline issues while the lack of flexibility in labour laws means they cannot fire workers, or even close down plants easily.
So the who's who of the Indian industry resorted to rapid fire at Gauri Kumar, Secretary of the Ministry of Labour and Employment, at a CII National Council meeting in New Delhi on Saturday.   
What does the industry do about the unorganised sector? What about state governments who have restrictive labour practices? Is it time for a Planning Commission type approach to Labour ? How does the industry employ many more workers but at a competitive cost? How do they handle unions on one hand and unruly factory inspectors on the other side?
Gauri Kumar had some answers, and some solutions, which she said reflected the BJP government's resolve of making it easier to do business in India. The ministry is trying to change the attitude of inspectors, she told industrialists. "You cannot go and inspect a factory at will," she said.
On October 16, the government announced a Labour Inspection Scheme aimed at bringing in transparency in inspection. Instead of human discretion, a "risk-based" algorithm will now pick manufacturing units for inspection. The inspector has to upload his report within 72 hours of the inspection on a portal.
"Inspection reports lapse if they are not uploaded in 72 hours. We are monitoring it on a daily basis," Kumar said. Based on this new automated system, the Ministry has assigned 13,000 inspections and around 10,000 inspection report has been uploaded on the site, thus far.
The government had also announced a Shram Suvidha Portal, which makes filing annual labour returns online easy for about six lakh units.    
The ministry does have difficulties when it comes to handing unions, the secretary acknowledged but added that  there is a change in the tune and tenor of the unions for the better.
The government, she said, is working on improving the skills and certification of unorganised workers. "Our first priority is construction workers. We are looking at last mile skills development," Kumar said.
The government is also keen on improving the quality of vocational training. "The Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) have become a last choice for people. We are trying to re-establish its brand equity," the secretary said. The vocational training system under ITIs is mandated to supply skilled manpower to the manufacturing industry. There are 11,500 ITIs with 16 lakh seats in the country.
Other pieces to the government's employability agenda is the Apprenticeship Scheme, which the government recently amended, and a National Career Portal. The number of apprentice currently is dismal - only 2.9 lakh.
The government is keen on touching 20 lakh apprentice over the next few years on the back of efforts such as doubling of  their stipend. The National Career Portal will be launched in March next year. That would be a place for the industry and prospective employees to do some match making.
"We are trying to change people's thinking," Kumar said. "It is now a different ministry."

No change in mindset: Victim still being blamed for rapeHostile environment forces rape victims to withdraw cases
“Victim blaming starts as soon as a rape case is reported. Questions will be asked of the victim and not the attacker. If I fall asleep in a cab or if I am drunk, does that give someone the right to rape me? The problem is that women are still not seen as rightful owners of public space,” said Pallavi Marwah, a JNU student. 
Sunday began on a similar note for hundreds of women in the city — with parents or partners telling them how unsafe it was to take a cab and if they must take cabs, they should always be alert. They should be on the phone with someone they trust —preferably male. The number of the taxi and the driver should be sent to 2-3 people too, they were warned.
“The conversation, however, returned to that no matter what you do, it will never be safe. The conclusion that my parents drew is that I should not go out unless it is with them or some man who we trust,” said Reema Kak, an event planner.
A number of families across the country put the onus of not being raped on the woman.
“The most important thing is to scuttle rape culture and victim blaming is rape culture. Parents or partners can ask someone to be careful but authorities putting the blame on victims make people think that they somehow deserved it,” said women rights activist, Kavita Krishnan.

18 killed in Nepal bus accidentBy: Press Trust of India | Kathmandu |
Posted: December 8, 2014 11:49 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 11:52 am
At least 18 people were killed and 49 others injured when an overcrowded bus fell off a mountain road and rolled 600 meters down a slope in western Nepal.
The bus veered off the road near Pokharakada village last night. Rescuers pulled out 14 bodies while four more died at a hospital. The bus was heading towards Tikapur village of Kailali district from Kalikot district when it met with the accident.
There were 67 people on the bus, which had 38 seats. The injured passengers have been admitted to nearby hospitals, police said.
The incidents of road mishaps have increased in the recent past across the country which are attributed to poor road conditions, old vehicles and negligence of drivers.

Tips to beat jet laglifestyle
Top 6: Tips to beat jet lag
Yes, jet lag can nearly ruin a trip and totally throw you off but one can make it less terrible by following a few simple steps.
Make sure you're well-rested before traveling: You're probably going to lose some sleep while traveling, so you may as well start off in a good place. No reason to add extra sleep deprivation on top of jet lag. And how do you know if you're sleep-deprived in the first place? If you regularly fall asleep within five minutes of lying down, that's a sign of sleep deprivation. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
For longer trips, adjust your body's clock a bit ahead of time: If you're planning to be in your new time zone for a while, you can start the adjustment process before you even leave home. Start going to bed and getting up a little later or earlier, depending which direction you're traveling. Shift your light exposure accordingly, too. Seek out bright light when it would be daytime at your destination. Avoid it when it would be nighttime there
Drink plenty of water on the plane: Jet lag isn't the only reason people feel terrible after flying - the jet itself can take a toll. That's why researchers recommend drinking plenty of water before and during your flight , walking around during flights to improve circulation and possibly taking an aspirin the day before and the day of your journey (which should also improve circulation).
Adjust your eating and exercising, too: Some research has shown in mice that eating causes changes in insulin levels, which in turn influence the body's timekeeping. So try to adjust your meals to wherever you are. The same goes for exercise.
Melatonin might help: Traveling from west to east makes it more likely that you're going to have trouble falling asleep at night because your body doesn't think it's bedtime yet. If that's the case, consider taking a melatonin supplement right before bed.
Be careful with caffeine: Although you may be tempted to guzzle coffee or soda to stay alert, consuming caffeine later in the day may keep you up at night.
Related

Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar was jailed earlier on another rape charge  say policeComments
A Delhi court sent on Monday an Uber taxi driver accused of raping a 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days as the state government banned the taxi booking service which came under fire for hiring the driver without background checks.
 
Police said Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32 had earlier spent nearly two years in jail from 2011 over another rape charge before being acquitted last year when the victim allegedly turned hostile and the court found contradictions in her statement.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
On Friday night, Yadav allegedly raped an executive from a Gurgaon-based finance company in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla before dropping her home, sparking outrage in the city weeks before the second anniversary of the fatal gangrape of a 23-year-old medical student in a moving bus.
Although the driver threatened to kill her if she reported the crime to police, the woman took a photo of the car's number plate before alerting the authorities.
 
Police tracked Yadav down and arrested him on Sunday from his home town Mathura,160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi, where he had fled.
'Uber misled passenger with app, flouted rules'
He refused to participate in an identification line-up after police told the court they had not yet recovered the mobile phone he used during the incident.
Meanwhile, Uber faced criticism for hiring the cab driver without the mandatory police verification. It initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com with immediate effect," said a statement by the transport department.
"The transport department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the National Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi in future."
The department also alleged Uber had flouted transport rules and "misled" the passenger with its app.
"M/s Uber also misled the commuter about the nature of the taxi service offered by the "Uber App," it said.
Special commissioner Deepak Mishra said early investigations showed GPS had not been installed in the taxi and police background checks were not conducted on the driver.
 
San Francisco-based Uber had earlier issued a statement saying its thoughts were with the young woman and it was working with the government to address the issue.
 
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States and could spell trouble across the globe for the company.
 
Anger mounted in New Delhi where a crowd of angry protesters rallied outside the home minister's residence, demanding more action by officials to ensure safety for women.
 
"The shocking incident of rape of a young woman in a cab on Friday night exposes the alarming situation about lack of women safety in the national capital," the Aam Aadmi Party said in a statement.
Uber on back foot
Uber tried to shift some of the blame on to the Delhi government for the failure to do background checks on the accused cab driver.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick issued a statement following, terming the incident horrific.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery.
"We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs. We will also partner closely with the groups who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women," the statement said.
A day after police served a notice on the firm, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (North), said, "Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we'll go for legal recourse. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case.
(With inputs from agencies)

Shah Rukh Khans Happy New Year screened at Marrakech FilmFestivalBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:12 pm
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan-starrer ‘ Happy New Year ‘ was screened at the 14th Marrakech International Film Festival in presence of director Farah Khan, actors Abhishek Bachchan and Boman Irani.
The trio walked the red carpet amid loud cheers from thousands of fans, who had gathered to catch a glimpse of the stars, and officially presented the the heist comedy at Jemaa El Fna Square on the second day of the festival on December 6 in Morocco.
‘Happy New Year’ is the only Bollywood film screened at this year’s fest.
“It was a moment! A sea of Moroccan fans watching HNY at the square in Marrakech,” Boman Irani posted on twitter.
Shah Rukh, 49, sent a video message for his fans that was played on the Square before the screening of the film.
Farah, Abhishek and Boman also attended the official Royal Dinner hosted by the President of the Festival Foundation, His Royal Highness Prince Moulay Rachid.
‘Happy New Year’ hit theatres on October 24 and also stars Deepika Padukone , Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah.

Book Review: Transform your life with 12 holisticprinciplesBy: Indo-Asian News Service |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:08 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 2:09 pm
Always running to catch up! Huffing non-stop to climb up! Over stretched at work. Overloaded with information. Overweight with little or no exercise. Living today takes a heavy toll.
If you want to let go and feel easy, you find practical solutions in a new book “Feeling at Ease with Yourself”, published as hard copy and eBook by Konark Publishers.
This book is written by Rajiv Parti, M.D., who worked as a chief of anaesthesiology at Bakersfield Heart Hospital in California in the US for 30 years.
He also worked as a pain management specialist and later founded the Pain Management Institute of California.
When faced with life-threatening illnesses, Parti discovered alternate holistic approaches such as yoga, meditation and ayurveda, among others, to form 12 principles he expounds in his book.
These principles are based on let-go, mindfulness and revival based on Eastern spirituality to tackle stress, chronic pain and depression.
In active dialogue with the medical professionals at Harvard, Berkeley and UCSD, Parti shares his experiences in the book and on the lecture circuits.
The book will help you to transform your life with 12 holistic, practical principles to overhaul you — your body, mind, heart and spirit.
Laced with real life stories of changed lifestyles with easy to practise 12 principles and exercises to enable you to understand and implement them, this book is based on the personal trials and solutions of a highly qualified doctor.
The language is so simple that it seems that Parti is talking to you personally and the examples he has chosen are also real life cases that he encountered.
In his preface, he explains how he came to write the book.
He always wanted to be a healer. But he became a doctor instead. But fate wanted him to walk his real path and so he became so ill that he gave up his practice when he recovered and delved into spirituality which he claims is his real calling. This is the positive result of his suffering and quest.
After the introduction, each chapter covers one holistic principle that can easily become a part of any health management programme.
The true stories inspire confidence that each principle works and can be implemented with simple lifestyle changes. Finally, the exercises help to implement them for all-round holistic health. In short, feeling at ease with yourself.

Phillip Hughes state funeralcancelledBy: Associated Press | Sydney |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:06 pm
New South Wales state premier Mike Baird says a planned state funeral for fallen cricket star Phil Hughes has been called off.
Hughes died on Nov. 27, two days after being struck by a short-pitched ball during a domestic first class match at the Sydney Cricket Ground. He was 25.
More than 5,000 people, including former Australia teammates and players from around the world, attended a funeral service in Hughes’ hometown of Macksville, New South Wales last Wednesday.
New South Wales planned a state funeral to honour Hughes’ contribution to cricket in his home state, but Baird said Monday the ceremony had been cancelled after consultation with Hughes’ family and Cricket Australia.
“All parties felt that given the enormous outpouring of support at last Wednesday’s funeral, that a State Memorial Service would no longer need to be held,” Baird said in a statement.

A film with all three Khans would be exciting: AamirKhanBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:02 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 3:15 pm
Actor-filmmaker Aamir Khan says a project starring Bollywood’s three Khans – Shah Rukh, Salman and himself, would be exciting and that he would be happy to do it. The trio recently appeared together on the same stage.
Asked about any plans to work with Salman and Shah Rukh in one film, Aamir Khan said: “I really think a film with three of us would be exciting…and if ever a script, which appeals to three of us, comes up, I am sure we would be happy to do it.”
Aamir Khan , who is currently busy promoting his much awaited film “PK”, says he has neither signed any new films nor is he going to do his TV show “Satyameva Jayate” next year.
Shah Rukh, Salman and Aamir perform towel dance on stage
“I’m not doing ‘Satayamev Jayate’ next year, and currently, I am not doing any films. I am currently reading scripts and deciding on what to do next. When I find a good script and which excites me, I will sign it.”
“Right now I don’t have any films and since ‘Satyamev Jayate’ just completed a series, we feel we need a break after five years of research just for emotional reasons and to heal. We would come back, but we don’t know when. But next year you won’t see a release from me,” he added.
Aamir’s “PK”, which also features Anushka Sharma, Sanjay Dutt and Sushant Singh Rajput, is slated to release Dec 19.

Nagarjuna lauds comedian Srinivass short film SwachhBharatBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:50 pm
Actor Akkineni Nagarjuna, who was chosen as one of the ambassadors of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan, has appreciated a short film made by Telugu comedian Ambati Srinivas on the campaign.
“When I told Nagarjuna sir that I made a short film called ‘Swachh Bharat’, he instantly wanted to watch it. After watching the film, he appreciated my effort in making the film,” Srinivas told IANS.
In the short film, Srinivas has compared the earth with a mother.
“The idea was to remind people that the earth and one’s mother should be respected equally. Just like how we look after our mothers, we all should look after the earth too,” he said.
Srinivas plans to upload the film on video-sharing websites and donate the money he makes from it to the victims of cyclone Hudhud.

Employment cheer: Is the US economy recovering(The US economy added well…)
By Paul Krugman
Last week we got an actually good employment report - arguably the first truly good report in a long time. The US economy added well over 300,000 jobs; wages, which have been stagnant for far too long, picked up a bit. Other indicators, like the rate at which workers are quitting (a sign that they expect to find new jobs), continue to improve. We're still nowhere near full employment, but getting there no longer seems like an impossible dream.
And there are some important lessons from this belated good news. It doesn't vindicate policies that permitted seven years and counting of depressed incomes and employment. But it does put the lie to some of the nonsense you hear about why the economy has lagged.
Let's talk first about reasons not to celebrate.
Things are finally looking better for American workers, but this improvement comes after years of suffering, with long-term unemployment in particular lingering at levels not seen since the 1930s. Millions of families lost their homes, their savings, or both. Many young Americans graduated into a labor market that didn't want their skills, and will never get back onto the career tracks they should have had.
And the long slump hasn't just scarred families; it has done immense damage to our long-run prospects. Estimates of the economy's potential - the amount it can produce if and when it finally reaches full employment - have been steadily marked down in recent years, and many researchers now believe that the slump itself damaged future potential.
So it has been a terrible seven years, and even a string of good job reports won't undo the damage. Why was it so bad?
You often hear claims, sometimes from pundits who should know better, that nobody predicted a sluggish recovery, and that this proves that mainstream macroeconomics is all wrong. The truth is that many economists, myself included, predicted a slow recovery from the very beginning. Why?
The answer, in brief, is that there are recessions and then there are recessions. Some recessions are deliberately engineered to cool off an overheated, inflating economy. For example, the Fed caused the 1981-82 recession with tight-money policies that temporarily sent interest rates to almost 20 per cent. And ending that recession was easy: Once the Fed decided that we had suffered enough, it relented, interest rates tumbled, and it was morning in America.
But "postmodern" recessions, like the downturns of 2001 and 2007-09, reflect bursting bubbles rather than tight money, and they're hard to end; even if the Fed cuts interest rates all the way to zero, it may find itself pushing on a string, unable to have much of a positive effect. As a result, you don't expect to see V-shaped recoveries like 1982-84 - and sure enough, we didn't.
This doesn't mean that we were fated to experience a seven-year slump. We could have had a much faster recovery if the US government had ramped up public investment and put more money in the hands of families likely to spend it. But the Obama stimulus was much too small and short-lived - as many of us warned, in advance, it would be - and since 2010 what we have actually seen, thanks to scorched-earth Republican opposition on all fronts, are unprecedented cutbacks in government spending, especially investment, and in government employment.
  OK, at this point I'm sure many readers are thinking that they've been hearing a very different story about what went wrong - the conservative story that attributes the sluggish recovery to the terrible, horrible, no-good attitude of the Obama administration. The president, we're told, scared businesspeople by talking about "fat cats" on Wall Street and generally looking at them funny. Also, Obamacare has killed jobs, right?
Which is where the new job numbers come in. At this point we have enough data points to compare the job recovery under President Barack Obama with the job recovery under former President George W. Bush, who also presided over a postmodern recession but certainly never insulted fat cats. And by any measure you might choose - but especially if you compare rates of job creation in the private sector - the Obama recovery has been stronger and faster. Oh, and its pace has picked up over the past year, as health reform has gone fully into effect.
Just to be clear, I'm not calling the Obama-era economy a success story. We needed faster job growth this time around than under Bush, because the recession was deeper, and unemployment stayed far too high for far too long. But we can now say with confidence that the recovery's weakness had nothing to do with Obama's (falsely) alleged anti-business slant. What it reflected, instead, was the damage done by government paralysis - paralysis that has, alas, richly rewarded the very politicians who caused it.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Action Jackson mints Rs.28 crore in openingweekendBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:25 pm
Ajay Devgn’s ‘ Action Jackson ‘ has collected Rs.28 crore in three days in India, but its sustainability is doubtful, says a trade analyst.
Made on a budget of about Rs.75 crore, Prabhudheva ’s latest directorial had minted around Rs.19 crore in its first two days when it released Dec 5. (Read review: Action Jackson )
“Considering the budget, the movie should’ve got a jump of minimum Rs.15 crore or Rs.20 crore, but that didn’t happen. It earned only Rs.28 crore in three days. It might not sustain for long,” Rajesh Thadani of Multimedia Combines told IANS.
Trade analyst Komal Nahta had earlier described the actioner, which also stars Sonkashi Sinha, as “too routine and hackneyed”.
“Sulemani Keeda”, an independent comedy which also released along with “Action Jackson”, couldn’t do good business at the box office. Its figures are negligible,” said Thadani.

Mumbai court extends custody of Kalyan youth Areeb to NIA till Dec22By: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:20 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 3:54 pm
A Mumbai Court on Monday extended custody of ISIS recruit from Kalyan Areeb Majeed to NIA till December 22. Areeb was booked and arrested under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) on charges of conspiring to commit a terrorist act and for being a member of a banned foreign terror outfit, and under the stringent Section 125 of the IPC for “waging war against the nation”.
READ: Lawyer who represents 2006 Mumbai train blasts accused to defend Kalyan youth Areeb in court 
Earlier, the family members of Majeed had approached the Jamiat-e-Ulema-e Hind to seek legal help for him. The Jamiat is an NGO that provides legal aid to the Muslim community. “Ejaz Majeed wanted our legal cell to give aid to him (Areeb),”said Gulzar Ahmed Azmi, secretary of the legal cell of the Jamiat.
Lawyer Wahab Khan is representing Majeed who returned home after fighting alongside ISIS in Iraq. Khan is also representing five of the 13 accused in the serial train blasts in Mumbai on July 11, 2006. The blast had claimed 188 lives and left over 800 injured.
Areeb was arrested by the National Investigating Agency (NIA) after he returned from Turkey. Areeb was one of the four youths from Kalyan who went missing from their homes in May.

Dont let Army jawans sacrifices go waste  choose ballot over bullet  PM Modi tells voters inJ&KWritten by Arun Sharma |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:17 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 2:49 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday visited the Army headquarters here and paid tributes to the soldiers killed in Friday’s deadly militant attack in Uri.
Modi, who is scheduled to address his maiden election rally in the valley, visited the Army’s Badami Bagh headquarters and laid floral wreath at the war memorial as a tribute to the eight soldiers who laid down their lives while repulsing the militant attack in Uri.
Eleven security force personnel, including eight soldiers and three policemen, were killed in a deadly pre-dawn attack by militants on an Army camp in Uri area of Baramulla district on Friday.
All the six militants involved in the attack were killed. Modi visited the headquarters of the Srinagar-based 15 corps soon after addressing an election rally at Samba in Jammu region.
He is scheduled to address his first election rally at Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in summer capital Srinagar, which has been sealed off as part of the security drill for the high profile visit.
Modi asked the voters in Jammu & Kashmir not to let the sacrifices of Army jawans go in waste and requested them to turn out in huge numbers to choose ballot over bullet.
Modi on Monday said that misled Kashmiri youth was feeling the burden of AK-47 rifle and they wanted to get rid of it so as to hold Android One in their hands.
“The time has gone and these people don’t know that even the misguided youth have started feeling the burden of AK-47 and he wants to get rid of it so as to hold Android One in his hands,” Modi said addressing a 50,000 strong rally here this afternoon.
“We want to expose youth of the state to the power of Android One…We want to give in their hands the power of a computer…We want to give in their hands the power to write new dreams,” he said amidst repeated applause from the general public.
He also asked the people to rise above regional, religious or cast politics. “We are one and we have come here to promote new politics – the politics of development,” he said.
Modi also too a dig at Congress, National Conference and the PDP for the present state of affairs in Jammu Kashmir. Accusing Congress of playing opportunist politics only to remain in power, he called for bringing an end to the two-family-politics for betterment of the state.
Asking people to ensure that none of the Congress candidate gets elected in the assembly polls, Modi appealed them to vote a majority government in the state for all round progress and development. “Otherwise a coalition government jeeps busy only to save its government continued…

A film with all three Khans would be exciting: Aamir KhanBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:02 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 3:15 pm
Actor-filmmaker Aamir Khan says a project starring Bollywood’s three Khans – Shah Rukh, Salman and himself, would be exciting and that he would be happy to do it. The trio recently appeared together on the same stage.
Asked about any plans to work with Salman and Shah Rukh in one film, Aamir Khan said: “I really think a film with three of us would be exciting…and if ever a script, which appeals to three of us, comes up, I am sure we would be happy to do it.”
Aamir Khan , who is currently busy promoting his much awaited film “PK”, says he has neither signed any new films nor is he going to do his TV show “Satyameva Jayate” next year.
Shah Rukh, Salman and Aamir perform towel dance on stage
“I’m not doing ‘Satayamev Jayate’ next year, and currently, I am not doing any films. I am currently reading scripts and deciding on what to do next. When I find a good script and which excites me, I will sign it.”
“Right now I don’t have any films and since ‘Satyamev Jayate’ just completed a series, we feel we need a break after five years of research just for emotional reasons and to heal. We would come back, but we don’t know when. But next year you won’t see a release from me,” he added.
Aamir’s “PK”, which also features Anushka Sharma, Sanjay Dutt and Sushant Singh Rajput, is slated to release Dec 19.

Two former naxals return to the mainstreamSirimane Nagaraj and Noor Zulfikar in Chikkamagaluru on Monday. Photo: Prakash Hassan
The Hindu
Two former naxals Sirimane Nagaraj and Noor Zulfikar (with a cap) returned to mainstream in Chikkamagalur on Monday.
Sirimane Nagaraj and Noor Zulfikar return to mainstream
Sirimane Nagaraj and Noor Zulfikar, two former naxalites, returned to the mainstream here on Monday. Thanking the government for facilitating them to join the mainstream, they said their struggle against social evils would continue through democratic means.
Freedom fighter H.S. Doreswamy and journalist Gauri Lankesh, members of the State-Level Committee set up to oversee implementation of surrender/assimilation and rehabilitation policy for left-wing extremists, and representatives of progressive organisations greeted them. Sirimane Nagaraj’s wife Hemalatha and daughter Mallige were also present. Later, both of them were presented before the district-level committee, headed by Deputy Commissioner B.S. Shekharappa, which recorded their statements.
Sirimane Nagaraj, in his statement, said it was a significant day for him. “We were looking for an opportunity to join the mainstream. We had to separate from our comrades in the CPI (Maoist) eight years ago because of our views. However, we could not return to the mainstream because of the police cases against us. We got an opportunity now, and for that we are thankful to the government and Shantigagi Nagarika Vedike,” he said. Nagaraj said he would involve himself in democratic struggles against inequality.
Noor Zulfikar described their decision as well-thought-out. “Since the days when Saketh Rajan stressed the need for an arms struggle in Karnataka, we had opposed it. Later, we lost many of our comrades in this struggle. We reiterated our stand many times to our comrades. As our friends felt that armed struggle was the only way, we separated from them,” he said.
Mr. Shekharappa told presspersons that as per the government procedure, the committee would produce both of them before a judicial magistrate and the judicial process would begin.
“Sirimane Nagaraj has a case related to unlawful assembly in Sringeri. Noor Zulfikar has cases in Jayapura and Sringeri police stations.”

More steps to prune subsidies: Jaitleyministers (government)
Government confident of pushing Insurance and GST bills
Assuring India Inc. of the National Democratic Alliance’s commitment to economic reforms, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said here on Saturday that the government would announce more steps to rationalise subsidies.
“I had a series of meetings with the Expenditure Management Commission. In the next few months ... maybe earlier than that, they will come out with some interim recommendations so that we can proceed with rationalisation,” Mr. Jaitley said.
Recalling the government’s decision to link the diesel price with the market price, the Minister told the India Economic Conclave, organised by the television channel ET Now, it would help reduce the subsidy burden. The Centre had set up a commission to suggest steps to rationalise subsidies and bring down the fiscal deficit. Mr. Jaitley expressed confidence that the government would be able to push the Insurance and the Goods and Service Tax (GST) Bills in this session of Parliament.
Special Correspondent reports:
Mr. Jaitley ruled out the NDA government “tinkering” with the country’s federal structure to help push economic reforms faster.
The democratic process “has its own dynamics” and that should go on, the Minister said when asked why the government could not straightaway convene a joint session of both Houses of Parliament to help pass key laws (in the backdrop of the BJP not having a majority in the Rajya Sabha).
Mr. Jaitley said that even in the past, legislation had been passed in the Rajya Sabha on the basis of a consensus among the parties. The Constitutional provisions required that a Bill was first considered and passed by the Lok Sabha and then went to the Rajya Sabha. It was only when a Bill was unable to sail through in the Rajya Sabha, in an extraordinary situation, a joint session was convened.
Underscoring this position, Mr. Jaitley said the Upper House as the Council of States, with its members elected by the respective Assemblies, enabled the participation of the States in the Centre.
On Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s meeting with the Chief Ministers on Sunday on replacing the Planning Commission, the Minister said, “Empowering the States has been one of our critical beliefs. I do hope that after tomorrow’s meeting, whatever decision will be taken, probably the States will be in a better position.”

Crude fall to oil Indian economyUpdated: December 9, 2014 20:52 IST
Crude fall to oil Indian economy
Puja Mehra
The remarkable fall in global oil prices is continuing because of a mismatch in demand and supply. File photo
TOPICS
petrol
For India’s economy, projected to grow at a faster clip from early-2015, the timing of the oil-prices relief could not have been sweeter
Down nearly 40 per cent since June, international crude prices are close to levels last seen in 2009, when the global economy was gripped by its worst slump since the 1930s. Indians though are not enjoying commensurate savings on fuel bills — retail prices of petrol and diesel are not declining at the same pace as the plummeting price of crude. Consumers are paying 8.32 per cent less for diesel and 11.31 per cent less for petrol than on June 1.
But there are indirect gains. The sharp fall in global crude prices has a favourable impact on India’s macro economy, setting off multiple growth boosters. Investment bank Nomura estimates that the $40 fall can potentially boost growth by up to 0.4 percentage points to 6 per cent in the current financial year. “Improvement in macro fundamentals [inflation and the fiscal deficit and the current account balance] will, at the margin, increase the space for macro [monetary and fiscal] policies to boost growth,” it says in a report on the impact of the tumbling international crude prices on India.
“The price fall is fortunate for the new government … it will reduce the balance of payments and if handled well it can be translated into economic growth,” economist Kirit Parikh told The Hindu. Dr. Parikh, who has been on the economic advisory councils of five Prime Ministers — Atal Bihari Vajpayee, P.V. Narasimha Rao, V.P. Singh, Chandra Shekhar and Rajiv Gandhi, said the biggest impact on India can be that the government, if it wants, will be able to spend more on development.
The timing of this windfall could not have been better for India’s economy. A new government with a huge mandate is in office and business is on the cusp of an upturn.
The most obvious positive fallout is on price rise. Wholesale inflation growth could slow by around 2 percentage points, Nomura estimates. Consumer prices will ease too, though to a much less extent, it says. The spare cash from fuel cost savings, howsoever small, should increase consumer discretionary spending. Higher consumption adds to corporate incomes. Abating input costs too will widen profit margins for businesses. As balance sheets start improving, companies will be better placed to start new projects or revive stalled ones, generate new jobs and growth.
Just as for companies, the government will be able to mend its balance sheet. The fortuitous oil-price situation released substantial savings on the fuel subsidy bill, which Nomura estimates at 0.1 per cent of the GDP. This has made it possible for the Finance Ministry to increase excise duty rates for petrol and diesel for additional revenue of up to Rs 15,000 crore this year.
The cushion of extra revenue and subsidy savings will come in very handy for the Centre in keeping its fiscal deficit for this year within the Budget target of 4.1 per cent of the GDP, especially because the Finance Ministry has warned that tax collections will miss the Budget target. More important, the happy oil position has emboldened the Modi government to roll out far-reaching fuel subsidy reforms and clean up the Centre’s account books. The Centre has capped the Budget subsidy on cooking gas and eliminated the one on diesel, freeing its pricing from government control. The diesel subsidy that had amounted to 0.3 per cent of the GDP last year stands scrapped.
Besides the government’s coffers, the public sector oil companies’ profitability could benefit too from these measures.
The third channel through which growth impulses can be expected is India’s external account or the current account deficit (CAD). Since India imports more than 70 per cent of its oil consumption, deflating global crude prices reduces India’s import bill. Nomura estimates that India’s annual CAD could improve by up to $36 billion from the $40 fall. This gives the Reserve Bank some room to add more dollars to India’s forex reserves, allowing the rupee to depreciate, which will make exports more competitive.
How did this window of good luck become available to India and till when will it last?
The remarkable fall in global oil prices is continuing because of a mismatch in demand and supply. Demand is down because of eurozone’s economic stagnation, Japan’s slipping into recession and China’s slowdown. Output, on the other hand, is rising on account of the U.S. shale boom.
The downward trend in global crude is expected to sustain after Saudi Arabia led the oil producers of OPEC last fortnight to decide against cutting their output target of 30 million barrels a day.
After the first global oil shock following the 1973 Middle East War, Saudi Arabia, the ultra-low-cost producer of oil, has influenced geopolitics at will by turning the taps on and off.
It is again playing politics with oil to force down the price with three objectives: of hurting Iran and Russia’s oil incomes and rendering the U.S. shale production unviable. The threat from the shale project to the oil producers being that the U.S. is projected to become a net petroleum exporter before 2020.
Saudi Arabia also wants to counter the attempts of the Rouhani regime in Iran at dominating the Middle East region.
Already falling oil prices have driven down Russia’s rouble by 35 per cent since June, shrinking its economy to the size of Spain’s. The vulnerability of U.S. shale, however, is still unclear with several estimates showing it will remain profitable even at crude levels far below $50 a barrel. Post-OPEC’s decision, crude prices are ruling at about $68 a barrel, at which level, Saudi Arabia believes, U.S. shale will become unviable.
Still, how long Saudi Arabia will manage to hold prices down is anybody’s guess. Projections vary from a few months to two years.
The only foreseeable downside to the emerging oil story for India comes from the fact there is a huge non-resident Indian presence in the Gulf. Their incomes could be affected if these oil-producing countries are hit. This will depress remittances from them to India.
On Tuesday, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan became one of the first worldwide to caution against the possibility of a reversal in the downward trend in global crude and prices rising on the back of geopolitical risks. Just when this can be expected the Governor did not say. For India’s economy, which the Governor has projected will begin to revive in 2015, the oil-price relief window’s timing could not have been sweeter.

Good for the economy  bad for the environmentUpdated: December 6, 2014 23:38 IST
Good for the economy, bad for the environment?
Vidya Venkat
Can we afford to remain oblivious to the environmental costs of neglecting public transport? File photo
TOPICS
public transport
Irrespective of fuel costs, investing in a robust public transport system alone can save the day
Whenever news about a fall in oil prices hits the headline, the first to cheer are car users. “I can save up to Rs. 2,700 every month now. That means I can put this money to better use elsewhere,” a journalist-friend recently said with a sigh of relief when asked to respond to the recent steep fall.
Despite more pocket-friendly modes of transport available, my friend prefers to use her car to travel from her house in suburban Chennai to our workplace, which is a good 26 km away. Nothing can beat the comfort of hopping into a car right outside your doorstep compared with walking a good 10 minutes to reach the nearest bus stop or trekking up two flights of stairs at the local MRTS station (as the lifts are mostly dysfunctional) to get to work, is her argument for not patronising public transport.
But given India’s climate change concerns — it is the third largest emitter of greenhouse gases — and the rising levels of pollution in our cities, can we afford to remain oblivious to the environmental costs of neglecting public transport?
“You can no longer depend on the economic argument alone when you discuss something like transportation. Private vehicle usage globally contributes to huge equity issues,” Sujatha Byravan, adviser, Centre for Study of Science Technology and Policy, Bangalore, said.
Citing a World Development Report brought out by the World Bank, she said switching from SUVs to fuel-efficient passenger cars in the U.S. alone would nearly offset the emissions generated in providing electricity to 1.6 billion more people. “What that means is switching over to less fuel-guzzling modes of transportation can greatly reset the global imbalance in resource consumption.”
For Chennai-based wildlife conservationist Shekar Dattatri, the news of oil prices crashing the world over gave a sinking feeling, as it would inevitably lead to more profligate use of motorised vehicles. “Cities like Chennai desperately need a much better public transport system,” he said. Though many comfortable new buses have been introduced in the city, Mr. Dattatri feels that Chennai still has a long way to go. “Even if one wants to take a bus or a local train, there is no proper feeder connectivity to make the experience seamless. The minibuses launched by the Tamil Nadu government for connecting inner roads to main roads is a step in the right direction, but this service needs to be expanded,” he said.
He recalled how the Mayor of Bogota, Enrique Peñalosa, revolutionised public transport in his once-congested city to the point where even affluent car owners are happy to take buses rather than drive, dramatically decongesting the roads and improving everyone’s quality of life. “I’m still waiting for that to happen here,” he said.
“The government should realise that oil prices are not going to go down indefinitely,” Sudhir Chella Rajan, Professor at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Chennai, said. “From a sustainability and reliability point of view, policy measures have to be made to encourage the use of public transport. Whatever benefits the current low prices of fuel provide must be actively invested back in improving amenities in local bus depots and railway stations and this must be done at the level of the city by the local government.”
Geetam Tiwari, Professor, IIT, Delhi, and expert in urban transport and traffic planning, said, “From a planner’s perspective, in urban areas, land is a scarce resource. Therefore, you cannot encourage unlimited demand for transport corridors. In a city like Delhi, you cannot devote more than 20 per cent of the area for travel. Therefore, whatever land area we have for travel must be used to accommodate more people rather than more vehicles and this can only be done by creating comfortable public transport.”
Referring to the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) in Delhi, a dedicated six-km corridor which was conceptualised using her research in the area of socially beneficial transportation, she said there was an elite bias towards the project as it did not benefit car users.
“The corridor has helped decongest the roads. However, the concept of an exclusive bus-only lane has not been well-enforced in Delhi by the traffic police as they allow cars to enter the lanes,” he said. She pointed to the 2012 court judgment delivered in favour of the BRTS to argue further why exclusive corridors for public transport ought to be encouraged. “Given the way in which the number of cars on roads is increasing, we cannot do without exclusive corridors to ensure buses can maintain decent speed while plying so they enjoy patronage,” she said.
“In Delhi, only 15 per cent of trips are by cars,” she said which shows how it is those using public transport that constitute the majority. “Nevertheless, car users form a vocal minority whose concerns dominate the press as well,” she said. Addressing the element of aspiration often used to justify switching from public transport to cars, she said a day would come when private vehicle usage would be rendered unaffordable as we did not have enough space on the roads to expand any further.
And we do not even know how long the oil price drop euphoria is going to last…

Virat Kohli to lead India as MS Dhoni recovers fitnessVirat Kohli to lead India as MS Dhoni looks to recover fitness
AFP
print
Virat Kohli said on Monday he will lead India in the opening Test against Australia in place of the injured Mahendra Singh Dhoni and urged his players to adopt a positive mindset.
There had been speculation that regular skipper Dhoni would resume the captaincy for Tuesday's Adelaide Test after his late arrival in Australia as he recovers from a fractured thumb.
But Kohli confirmed at the Adelaide Oval that he would take charge of the first of four Tests, determined to expunge the memories of India's humiliating series loss this year in England.
"Yes, I will be leading India tomorrow (on Tuesday)," Kohli said.
"We have plans in mind, we have plans we want to achieve. We have come here with a mindset of winning the series rather than going out there and seeing what happens, that is not an option.
"The guys are on the same page, responding nicely and the guys are comfortable, they feel happy with what we want from them, definitely should be an exciting series."
Kohli, India's leading batsman following the retirements of legends Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid, VVS Laxman and Virender Sehwag, said Dhoni was still short of full fitness.
"We'll be expecting him to be at 100% fitness over the next few days," he said.
"Obviously, we want him to be 100% fit before he plays a game and it's too short a span for him to go into a Test match without having enough practice here."
Kohli said the players were no longer thinking about their heavily criticised performances in the heavy series loss to England.
Just four months ago, the Indians, under Dhoni, capitulated 3-1 in England where the five-Test series finished with a colossal innings and 244-run loss at The Oval as the tourists collapsed to 94 all out in their second innings.
"It's just another two months in life, nothing bigger than that," said Kohli, who scored just 134 runs in the series at a paltry 13.40.
'Emotional moment'
"I don't know why that England phase is still spoken about, most of us don't want to remember it and even know what went on in those sessions and those Tests," he added.
"If you keep sulking about the past there's no way you're going to move on in life and that's something I believe in."
Kohli would not divulge the Indian team for Tuesday's Test, although he said batsman Bhuvneshwar Kumar was facing a fitness test on a left ankle sprain.
Kohli said he was personally affected by the death of Australian batsman Phillip Hughes last month, which has had massive reverberations throughout the cricket world and forced the opening Test to be delayed and moved from Brisbane.   
"I think after attending the funeral I was as emotional and taken aback by the incident because Phil was one of the guys I used to interact with when he used to come on tours and even when I was in Australia," he said.
"I was in a camp with him in 2008 at Brisbane and I was always closer to him than most of the guys.
"It was an equally saddening and emotional moment for me, but as professional cricketers you have to move on and do what needs to be done."
A number of tributes are planned for the Test with the Australian players wearing Hughes' Test cap number 408 on their playing shirts, and black armbands in honour of their former team-mate.
The team and spectators will be asked to stand for 63 seconds of applause before the start of play in recognition of Hughes' unbeaten final score.

Small investor makes Rs 1.75 cr from stocks. You can tooYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Here's how you can make big money from small stock investments
Sanjay Kumar Singh, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 04.59PM IST
Tags:
equities
(A small tribe of retail investors…)
Retail investors tend to be very consistent in the way they play the stock market. They usually enter when everybody else is getting ready to leave. Their investment decisions are based on tips from brokers, friends and experts on television shows. They don't research the stocks they buy, nor do they diversify their portfolios. They also tend to sell off their winners early and hold on to losers endlessly. Little wonder that for most retail investors, the stock market is a zero sum game.
However, there are also small investors who have made extraordinary gains from stock investments. No, we don't mean only the lucky ones who invested in the Infosys IPO in 1993. A small but growing tribe of small investors is taking pains to understand the fundamentals of investing before entering the markets. They scour annual reports of companies and go through analysts' reports on stocks. They don't have knee-jerk reactions and buy only when valuations are attractive. They are also patient and hold stocks for longer durations, booking profits when they rebalance their portfolios or when the target price is achieved.
This week's cover story showcases eight such ordinary investors who have made extraordinary gains from stocks. These investors look at the fundamentals before they buy and follow most of the sound practices that ET Wealth advocates. It's not as if these investors have not committed mistakes. However, instead of getting disheartened, they have learnt from the errors to script their success stories.
HIS WINNERS
MRPL, Capital First, Sun Pharma, Page Industries, HDFC Equity and HDFC Prudence.
HIS MISTAKES
He should have been more patient with his investments. In 2003-4, he had bought many stocks via IPOs. Unfortunately, he sold them when their prices went up 3-4 times. Now the prices of those stocks are up 18-20 times.
HIS STRATEGY
He took classes on equity investment. Now, he consults websites, follows blogs and investment newsletters. He looks at the track record of the company promoters and avoids fly-bynight operators. He first makes small investments and slowly scales up his holdings.
 
Meet S.G. Raja Sekharan, 52, who has been dabbling in stocks for nearly 25 years. When he started, he had no knowledge of investing and bought stocks recommended by his broker. He lost money in the crash that followed the Harshad Mehta scam in 1992. For most small investors, the loss would have meant turning away from equity investments for good to avoid losing more money. Raja Sekharan, on the other hand, tore away from the ordinary and built a mini-library of books on value investing. Armed with knowledge, he returned to the stock market in 2001 and his portfolio has consistently beaten the Sensex since then. In the past year, his portfolio has grown 67%, compared to the 34% rise in the Sensex.
HIS WINNERS
HDFC Bank, Gruh Finance, L&T, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Crisil, Havells India, Asian Paints, BHEL, Jubilant Foods, Maruti and Swaraj Engines.
HIS MISTAKES
He first dabbled in stocks in 1991-92, but did not know anything about investing in equities. Lost money in the market crash that followed the Harshad Mehta scam.
HIS STRATEGY
In his second innings, he took the pains to learn about the basics of stock investing. He follows the investment approach outlined in Mary Buffett's book, Buffettology. He invests for the long term. He has short-listed companies which he believes have long-term moats.
HIS WINNERS
Ajanta Pharma, AIA Engineering, Kaveri Seeds, VST Tillers, Mayur Uniquoters, Alembic Pharma, Suven Life Sciences and Atul Auto.
HIS MISTAKES
Initially, he invested only in large-caps in welldiscovered IT stocks, which were picked randomly. His selection procedure was superficial, mostly based on what he had heard on TV.
HIS STRATEGY
He buys stocks with strong growth prospects. However, he picks them only when they are available at attractive valuations. His investment style incorporates the best of growth and value investing approaches. He prefers to hold 10-15 stocks in his portfolio.
 
Symphony, TVS Srichakra, Astral Poly Technik, CanFin Homes, Mayur Uniquoter and Kaveri Seeds.
HIS MISTAKES
A serious investor, he has learnt, should never try to make money by trading in the markets. Instead, one should build a corpus steadily over a period of time both via SIPs and by investing surplus funds as and when they become available. "Keeping an eye on the company's fundamentals is also critical," he says.
HIS STRATEGY
Ramachandran picks value stocks from the mid- and small-cap space and growth stocks from the largecap domain. When the fundamentals of a stock deteriorate, he exits it. He also exits stocks when he is overweight in equities and needs to pare his exposure to his pre-determined level of asset allocation. Among mutual funds, exits are determined by the fund's performance vis-a-vis that of its category.
HIS WINNERS

Australia should be aggressive  use bouncers: PontingTest cricket
“If I was batting against them (Johnson and co in the nets) I’d want to be bounced, because you’re going to get that in the Test,” the former Aussie skipper wrote in ESPNCricinfo.
Phillip Hughes’ unfortunate death notwithstanding, former Australian captain Ricky Ponting feels the team’s pacers should not shy away from using the bouncer in the Test series against India starting on Tuesday, insisting that the delivery is part of cricket’s fabric.
Ponting said he would “love to see Mitchell Johnson run in and bowl a bouncer first ball of the Test match”. Hughes passed away last month after being hit on the head by a bouncer during a domestic match.
“I don’t want to see anyone get hurt. But the bouncer’s part of the fabric of the game, and if they’re not playing in the aggressive way they did last summer then they’re not actually playing in what I believe is the spirit of Test match cricket,” Ponting wrote in ESPNCricinfo
“If I was batting against them (Johnson and co in the nets) I’d want to be bounced, because you’re going to get that in the Test,” the former skipper wrote.
Ponting said Australia have set a high standard when it comes to Test cricket and the team cannot afford to mellow down.
“Australia can’t lose sight of the fact that last summer they established a brand of cricket that will be very hard to beat at home. What Michael Clarke, Darren Lehmann and the players put together against England stands as a real blueprint for how they want to play their Test cricket, especially in home conditions. They forged an identity for themselves as a team and the way they wanted to go about playing their cricket. It’s important they build on that and continue to play the hard-nosed, aggressive Australian way.” Ponting said.

UP govt suspends Noida Authority s Yadav SinghUP govt suspends Noida Authority's Yadav Singh
Vinod Rajput , Hindustan Times  Noida, December 08, 2014
First Published: 12:08 IST(8/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:41 IST(9/12/2014)
Comments
The Noida authority on Monday suspended former engineer-in-chief Yadav Singh, who is facing charges of alleged unaccounted assets. The action comes on orders from Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.
An income tax probe into Yadav’s assets is under way. The authority will also independently probe projects executed during his tenure.
“I suspended Yadav Singh after I received an income tax department letter that said the probe into his assets will continue. I will ascertain through a departmental investigation whether he violated any procedural norm while allotting government projects to private agencies,” said Rama Raman chairman and chief executive officer (CEO), Noida authority.
The CEO formed a committee to find details of allotments to various companies of Yadav Singh and another to find if his promotions were as per rules.
Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday visited Delhi and pulled up local Samajwadi Party leaders and a few UP officials over the Yadav Singh episode, officials said. He directed officials and SP leaders to keep an eye on corrupt babus and party workers.
After a 100-member I-T team on November 27 raided 20 properties linked to Singh and his aides in Noida, Ghaziabad and Delhi, the UP government and the Noida authority came under pressure to act against him.
“The authority will pay him half his salary during the suspension period.
The authority will not pay even half of the salary if he does not tell the CEO in writing that he is not involved in any kind of business,” said another official.

Sensex falls 300 pts on profit booking  Infy downMARKET UPDATE: Sensex falls 338 points; Nifty down 1.17%, Infosys falls 5%
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 19:13 IST
Photo: Reuters
Stock markets logged their worst single-session drop in eight weeks on Monday with Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex plunging about 339 points and National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty slipping 100 points on losses in Infosys, where co-founders sold $1 billion worth shares, and other bluechips like TCS, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank.
M&M, Sesa Sterlite, Dr Reddys, Hindalco and Tata Steel counters dropped in 2-4 per cent range. L&T, RIL and Tata Motors were also under pressure.
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell to touch the day's low of 28,097.12 following fall in recent outperformers like HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank. However, the index attempted to rebound as it touched the session's high of 28,494.85 on value buying.
Participants, however, later again resorted to selling, spread over a broad front. Sensex settled the day at 28119.40, down 338.70 points, or 1.19 per cent. On Friday, it had slipped 104.72 points on profit-selling. This 338.7-point drop is its worst since October 16 when it fell 349.99 points.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty dipped below the key 8,500-mark by tumbling 100.05 points, or 1.17 per cent, to close, at 8,438.25. Intra-day, it traded in a range between 8,432.25 and 8,546.35. This was also its worst drop since October 16 (fall of 115.80 points).
"The decline was led by the IT counters as sentiments got a hit after some of the founders of IT major Infosys decided to sell $1.1 billion shares. Further, profit booking in capital goods, consumer durables and banking stocks also pushed the benchmark in red," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Infosys counter fell 4.88 per cent, the worst performer in Sensex,. TCS tumbled 2.51 per cent and Wipro shed 1.62 per cent in line with weak trend in IT shares.
Shares of metal companies, including Sesa, Hindalco and Tata Steel, faced selling after weak Chinese trade data.
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 3.18 per cent, followed by Teck 2.58 per cent, Realty 1.80 per cent, Capital Goods 1.72 per cent and Consumer Durables 1.41 per cent. Overall, 11 of the 12 sectoral indices ended in red.
Pressure was also seen in smaller stocks. BSE Small cap index ended 0.87 per cent down while the Mid-cap index shed as much as 1.22 per cent.
Global cues were mixed with Asian bourses ending higher and Europe was down in its opening trades.
Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 109.45 crore on Friday as per provisional data.

Sensex slips over 300 points; top 20 betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex in red; top 20 intraday trading bets from top experts
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 03.29PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(Sensex slipped as much as…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped over 350 points in intraday trade on Monday, led by losses in Infosys, TCS, Dr Reddy's Laboratories and L&T.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under bit of pressure and was trading below its crucial psychological support level of 8,500, weighed by losses in IT, realty, banks and consumer durable stocks. The index also broke below its 20-DMA level placed around 8,452 levels.
At 3:29 pm, the Sensex was at 28,107.44; down 350.66 points.
The Nifty was at 8,434.15; down 104.15 points.
Infosys plunged as much as 4.8 per cent in trade, after media reports suggested that four of its founders are seeking to raise about $1.1 billion by selling stakes in the IT outsourcing company.
The founders are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of 1,988 Indian rupees ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 0.87 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged lower by 0.86 per cent.
ITC (up 1.3 per cent), Coal India (up 1.7 per cent), Bharti Airtel (up 0.9 per cent), Sun Pharma (up 0.75 per cent) and HDFC (up 0.5 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Infosys (down 4.7 per cent), TCS (down 2.3 per cent), BHEL (down 2.6 per cent), Hindalco (down 2.6 per cent) and Sesa Sterlite (down 2.6 per cent) were the major index losers.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Gruh Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 265 and a stop loss of Rs 250
SRF Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 915 and a stop loss of Rs 890
REC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 315 and a stop loss of Rs 331
UPL is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 335
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 377 and a stop loss of Rs 356
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2540 and a stop loss of Rs 2621
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 111 and a stop loss of Rs 99
TCS Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2460 and a stop loss of Rs 2570
Sandeep Wagle , Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 375 and a stop loss of Rs 359
Punjab national Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1170 and a stop loss of Rs 1110
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1530 and a stop loss of Rs 1585
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Amruntanjan Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 550 and a stop loss of Rs 488
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 370 and a stop loss of Rs 358
Punjab National Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1160 and a stop loss of Rs 1120
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 106 and a stop loss of Rs 100
Sameet Chavan, Technical Analyst - Angel Broking
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1220 and a stop loss of Rs 1142
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2460
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 3050 and a stop loss of Rs 3206
Siddhartha Chatterjee, Trustline Securities
Eicher Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 15480 and a stop loss of Rs 15200
BEL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2900 and a stop loss of Rs 2800
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt sets up grievance redressal cell for MSEsYou are here: Home > Collections > Validity
Government sets up grievance redressal cell for micro and small enterprises
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 01.28PM IST
Tags:
Directorate General
(MSME Minister Kalraj Mishra told LS during…)
NEW DELHI: Government has set up a grievance redressal cell which receives complaints of micro and small enterprises as well as industries' associations and resolves their issues.
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Minister Kalraj Mishra told Lok Sabha during Question Hour that all complaints received by the cell are attempted to be resolved within 15 days.
Mishra said the cell also clarifies issues relating to the procurement policy raised by central public sector undertakings.
He said major problems and issues which have emerged include not following exemption from earnest money deposit as mandated by the policy and unreasonable conditions such as high turnover limit imposed in tenders which debar participation of Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) in tenders besides others.
Clarifications are sought on 358 items reserved exclusively for procurement from MSEs as mandated in the policy and on the validity of Entrepreneurial Memorandum-II which is issued by district industries centre for registering enterprises, he said, adding this EM-II is free from validity period and does not require renewal.
Mishra also said for procurement from Micro and Small Enterprises, Directorate General of Supplies and Disposals has valid rate contracts for 16 product categories, which are reserved for exclusive purchase from MSEs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ICICI Bank to hike ATM charges from January 1ICICI Bank to hike ATM charges from January 1
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 01.56PM IST
Tags:
ATM charges
(Under the new method, the…)
MUMBAI: Country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank has announced a hike in its ATM charges for saving account holders from January 1 next year.
Under the new method, the number of free transactions in a month is fixed at five using own ATMs, while it has been capped at three for other banks' machines.
Customers can enjoy only five free transactions, including financial and non-financial, at the bank's own automated teller machines (ATM), it said in a post on its website.
After exceeding the free transaction limits, customers will have to pay Rs 20 per financial transaction excluding service tax and Rs 8.50 for every non-financial transaction, it said.
For transactions at non-ICICI Bank ATMs, the number of free financial and non-financial transactions have been reduced to three per month at six metros of Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Bengaluru and Hyderabad, after which the customer will have to pay Rs 20 for a financial transaction and Rs 8.50 per non-financial transaction.
In case of usage in non-metro areas, a customer can enjoy five free transactions per month at non-ICICI Bank ATMs, after which the same charges apply, it said.
The issue of ATM usage has been a very contentious one due to the inter-connect charges a bank has to pay to the other. Additionally, the operating costs have also gone up, following a spate of incidents at the ATMs like the robbery at Bengaluru last year, which started the debate on transaction charges.
After consultations, the RBI last month started a system under which it allowed banks to charge from the fourth transaction onwards at other banks' ATMs in metros, and also gave the liberty to banks to charge customers for the sixth transaction onwards at own machines.
"The ATM transaction is free to you but not free to the bank. It costs the bank Rs 75 to Rs 100 for those five transactions. The bank has to collect that amount from somewhere and it has to be from customers. But there are two distortions that it creates. First, not everybody is doing the same amount of transactions and (also) are we subsidising using of cash by freeing up ATMs ?," RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had said, in defence of the new move.
Many banks have already announced reviews in their ATM charges following the announcement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HCL Infosystems MD Harshavardhan Chitale res...HCL Infosystems MD Harshavardhan Madhav Chitale resigns, Premkumar Sheshadri to take charge
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 02.48PM IST
(He will remain with the company…)
NEW DELHI: HCL Infosystems' Premkumar Seshadri, who will replace Harshavardhan Madhav Chitale as MD from next year, is looking to augment the over Rs 7,000-crore IT hardware maker's go-to-market strategy in distribution business and enhance e-commerce presence.
Chitale has resigned from the company and will remain with the company till this month-end. Seshadri, who is currently Director and Executive Vice-Chairman, has been appointed Managing Director effective from January 1, 2015.
"Reform at organisation is ongoing process. Harsh has contributed well to the business which we will take forward. We are internally looking at setting some benchmark for growth, augmenting our go-to-market strategy," Seshadri told PTI.
Earlier in September, 2014 HCL Infosystems had appointed Premkumar Seshadri as the Executive Vice-Chairman. Prior to returning to HCL, Seshadri was the Group CEO of Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd.
"The next phase of growth for the company has been planned around a journey that will achieve Gold Standards across people, financial and customer metrices and thereby drive continuous excellence," Seshadri said.
He said that company has presence in e-commerce business and going forward it will "enhance its penetration" in online channel business.
HCL Infosystems has been seeing losses mainly due to its distribution business. In quarter ended September 2014, the company posted consolidated net loss of Rs 45.26 crore.
The company posted annual net loss of Rs 214.52 crore for year ended June 2014.
On whether there was any business pressure behind Chitale's resignation, Seshadri said, Chitale decided to take a role outside the company.
Chitale, who joined as MD and CEO of HCL Infosystems in October 2010, had restructured the firm in a way that distribution and services business were separated from each other.
"I have really liked the challenge for the last four years in leading HCL Infosystems through a difficult business environment. It has been a privilege to lead the company through its restructuring and transformation journey where business model changes were completed," Chitale said.
Shares of HCL Infosystems closed at Rs 60.25 apiece, down 7.02 per cent at BSE today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil Ministry to cut subsidy burden of ONGCOil Ministry to cut subsidy burden of ONGC, adjust its cess payment
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 02.41PM IST
Tags:
comptroller and auditor general
(The move to lessen the subsidy…)
NEW DELHI: In a big boost to ONGC, the Oil Ministry is reworking the fuel subsidy sharing formula to cut its payout by a quarter through adjustment of statutory oil cess against its share.
According to a new subsidy sharing formula, the payout of upstream oil producers like ONGC is to be reduced to the extent of Rs 4,500 per tonne oil development cess they pay to the government, sources privy to the development said.
The move to lessen the subsidy burden will give a flip to government's plan to sell 5 per cent stake in Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) to garner about Rs 17,000 crore.
The cess in current fiscal will total Rs 10,500 crore and after accounting for Rs 31,926 crore that upstream firms ONGC and Oil India (OIL) have already paid in fuel subsidy in first half, their payout in remainder of the current fiscal will be no more than Rs 8,000 crore.
Upstream producers like Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) met nearly half of the revenue loss or under-recoveries that fuel retailers incurred on selling cooking fuel and diesel until recently at government controlled rates.
This dole, which was in the form of deep discounts on oil ONGC sold to refineries, had strained its balance sheet as its net realisation fell below the economic cost of oil.
Sources said subsidy burden on upstream oil companies has increased from Rs 32,000 crore or 30 per cent of the total under-recovery in 2008-09 to Rs 67,021 crore (48 per cent of the total under-recovery) in 2013-14.
In 2013-14, ONGC paid a record Rs 56,384 crore subsidy, which this fiscal is likely to come down to around Rs 32,000 crore.
This has significantly constrained the capacity of these companies to increase their exploration efforts in difficult areas, thereby adversely affecting the country's domestic oil production.
The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) had in its report on Pricing Mechanism earlier this year stated that the combined effect of cess and discount had resulted in margin per barrel of crude from nomination blocks of ONGC being much lower than private sector fields.
The report had also pointed out that the uncertainty in the mechanism of funding under-recoveries would place public sector upstream companies at a relatively disadvantageous position.
Sources said the ministry wants the cess being collected by the government from the nominated fields of the public sector upstream oil companies be considered part of the subsidy burden share borne by ONGC and Oil India Ltd (OIL).
Thus the upstream share would reduce to the extent of cess being paid by them to the government.
With international oil prices slumping, total under- recoveries this fiscal are estimated around Rs 79,000 crore.
Of this, about Rs 51,000 crore have already been accounted for in first half where ONGC paid Rs 26,841 crore subsidy, OIL Rs 4085 crore and GAIL Rs 1000 crore.
Sources said the ministry is of the view that unless sufficient funds are available for increased oil recovery and enhanced oil recovery schemes from the ageing oil fields, the country may notionally lose more than 70 million tonnes of indigenous crude oil production during next 10 years.
This may increase the import bill by Rs 3,33,000 crore. However, if this crude is produced indigenously, it will cost only Rs 112,000 crore resulting in a substantial saving of Rs 221,000 crore.
Also, new exploration in marginal/deep water/isolated field require huge investment and are viable for upstream PSUs only if sufficient revenue generation (covering the entire cost and reasonable profit) is available to upstream PSUs.
It is estimated that around 13 million tonnes of crude oil valued at Rs 60,400 crore would be expected from such fields.
Sources said the ministry feels that cess was to be deployed for development of oil sector. But only Rs 902.40 crore has been deployed for the purpose out of Rs 118,506.95 crore collected from 1974-75 to 2012-13.
It says that since the money collected on account of cess is not being transferred for the intended purpose, there is a need to make the cess levied under this act on the nominated fields of ONGC and OIL a part of the overall burden sharing mechanism from 2014-15 onwards.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Euro zone economy weakening massively: ECBYou are here: Home > Collections
ECB's Ewald Nowotny says euro zone economy weakening massively
Reuters Dec 8, 2014, 02.21PM IST
Tags:
economy
("We see a massive weakening…)
FRANKFURT: The euro zone is experiencing a massive weakening in its economy not least due to a slowdown in its biggest member, Germany , a senior ECB policy maker said on Monday.
"We see a massive weakening in the euro zone economy," Ewald Nowotny , a member of the ECB's Governing Council, told a conference in Frankfurt.
Nowotny said that the European Central Bank had struck a middle ground in its monetary policy, between extremes in the United States that called for full-blown money printing and others that wanted the ECB to take a less expansive path.
The Austrian central bank chief reiterated a key target spelt out by ECB President Mario Draghi last week.
"The balance sheet of the ECB should reach the levels at the start of 2012, a level which is around 1 trillion euros higher than it is now," he said.
The main focus of discussion on any further ECB asset purchases would be on buying sovereign bonds, and the pros and cons of this would be debated, Nowotny added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Finger pressing EVM stronger than one operating an AK-47: ModiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday requested voters in the Muslim-majority Kashmir Valley to give the BJP a chance and drew on the army indicting nine soldiers for the Budgam shooting to illustrate his intentions to create peace and development in the strife-torn state.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses an election campaign rally at Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar. (PTI photo)
He gave credit to his government for the indictment of soldiers involved in the death of a youth after they fired at a car during a routine check in Budgam on November 3.
The PM said at his maiden poll rally in Srinagar “it was Modi sarkar ka kamaal (his government’s feat)” that the army had accepted its mistake for the first time in 30 years.
J-K, J'khand assembly polls third round voting today
Modi invoked Atal Bihari Vajpayee to share the pain of Kashmiris but avoided any mention of niggling topics such as removal of Article 370 that guarantees the state a unique status, nor did he launch a tirade against Pakistan even in the backdrop of militants stepping up violence that killed 20 people on Friday.
He told a sizeable audience at Sher-i-Kashmir cricket stadium, where Vajpayee had addressed thousands of Kashmiris in 2003, to throw out dynastic politics from the state.
“What have you seen in Kashmir over the past 30 years? Either it was a Congress government or a father-son (National Conference) government or a father-daughter (Peoples Democratic Party) government. You have seen all three types of government. Get rid of all three of them for once and give me one chance to serve you,” said the PM clad in a traditional Kashmiri pheran (cloak).
At his second rally of the day in Samba, after his first stop in Jammu, Modi applauded the people for the high voter turnout in the first two poll phases despite separatists calling a boycott to the democratic process. “The finger on an EVM is more powerful than the one on the trigger of an AK-47.”
He said the time has come to make a misled youth wielding an AK-47 rifle yearn for an android phone rather than a gun in his hand.
In Jammu, wearing a Dogri headgear he touched a raw nerve when he laced his speech with Hindu-majority region’s pet peeve that Srinagar seldom cares for it.
The feeling of discrimination with the Jammu region has strong takers in 19 of 23 seats going to polls in the last two phases. The BJP’s attempt to wrest power in the state hinges on these seats.
But the Srinagar rally was his showpiece as he pledged to carry forward Vajpayee’s dream for Jammu and Kashmir but chose not to go into detail about his stand on dialogue with separatists and Pakistan that the former PM had initiated.
He said the biggest problem the state is saddled with is corruption because the Rs. 2500 crore released for relief and rehabilitation after this year’s devastating floods in Srinagar and other parts of the state didn’t reach those who needed it the most. “People told me to transfer funds directly to their accounts and not through the state government.
It shows how much faith people have in their government,” he said, taking potshot at chief minister Omar Abdullah’s National Conference (NC) government.
Rivals unimpressed
The Congress termed Modi's rally unimpressive, while the People's Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling NC accused the Prime Minister of playing politics with flood victims.
"The BJP government in New Delhi has discriminated against the flood victims in Kashmir for political reasons and has made them suffer so that they could be exploited for political dividends," chief minister Abdullah alleged in his speech during poll rallies in south Kashmir's Anantnag district.
"Till today, New Delhi has not taken a call on the relief and rehabilitation package submitted by the state government."
Referring to the Prime Minister's relief package, PDP patron Mufti Muhammad Sayeed said, "By harping on the meagre Rs. 1,000-crore package, we are only compromising the dignity of the people of Jammu and Kashmir who are not seeking any doles but want to be treated at par with the citizens of any other part of the country."
J-K Pradesh Congress Committee chief Saifuddin Soz said, "After a great fanfare, Modi's rally turned out to be highly unimpressive, with reports of 2,500 people turning up."
(With inputs from Vikram Sharma in Samba)

India to see fastest nominal growth in 2015India to see fastest USD nominal growth in 2015, says Credit Suisse
Indulal PM        Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 15:46 IST
Photo: Reuters
"India's economy will see the fastest USD nominal growth in the world in 2015", said Credit Suisse, Swtzerland-based multinational financial services company.
The financial services major added- "Given the growth outlook, equity market is not expensive in both absolute and relative terms".
"Indian market is likely to see strongest earnings growth among Asian peers, and even globally", the bank said.
List of top buys in 2015 include Gujarat Pipavav Ports, Havells India, HCL Technologies, HDFC Bank , Kajaria Ceramics, Maruti Suzuki India and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries.
Stocks which will be least preferred in 2015 consist of Bharti Airtel , Bharat Heavy Electricals, State Bank of India and Tata Steel.
(Reuters)

NDA ally opposes Gita as Rashtriya GranthBy: Press Trust of India | Chennai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:15 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 3:27 pm
A day after External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj pushed for declaring Bhagwad Gita as a national scripture, opposition DMK and NDA ally PMK have opposed the move saying the Centre should follow pluralistic character and spirit of secularism.
Accusing the Narendra Modi dispensation of imposing language and culture and not implementing any laudable schemes since it came to power in May, PMK founder S Ramadoss said, “Sushma Swaraj’s act of pushing the opinion of one section of the people on the entire country is condemnable..”
Citing Swaraj’s comments that Gita had solution for problems for every section of the people, he said, “There is no denying that Gita has noble values. The same values are in Holy Quran and Holy Bible. While, this attempt only strengthens the argument that Modi government is making efforts to make India a Hindu nation.”
Contending that only Thirukural by ancient Tamil poet-philosopher Thiruvalluvar had all the standing to be made India’s national book, he said in a statement that the Centre should take steps to declare it so and give up efforts to make Gita a national scripture.
Condemning Swaraj’s comments, Karunanidhi said, “India is a secular republic and it is made clear in the Constitution. The Union Government should treat all the religions equally and nurture pluralism.”
Referring to opposition from West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and the Congress, he said through such controversies the BJP regime, though engaged in people friendly measures, was putting itself one step forward and two steps back.
Quoting a saying, he said Swaraj had invited trouble by expressing such an opinion and recalled controversies like ‘Guru Utsav’ and the remark of a Union Minister which put the Centre in the dock in Parliament.
Joining the chorus of disapproval, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor on Monday questioned how one holy book could be deemed as being “holier” than others in a multi- faith country.
“I am also a Hindu, but in our religion there is not one holy book, there are many books. If you take Gita, what about the Vedas? What about Upanishads?… There are many opinions, we cannot just like that say that one book is holier than others,” Tharoor told reporters outside Parliament.
“I am of the opinion that for the government to talk about such things is not correct,” Tharoor added.
Pushing for declaring Bhagwad Gita as a national scripture, the External Affairs Minister had on Sunday said only a formal announcement remained in this regard.
Swaraj made the remarks while speaking at ‘Gita Prerna Mahotsav’, organised to celebrate 5,151 years of religious book ‘Gita’ at the Red Fort Maidan in Delhi.

Sean Abbott set to return after being named in New South WalessquadBy: Agence-France Presse | Sydney |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:15 pm
Abbott’s return coincides with Australia facing India in the delayed first Test at Adelaide, with a number of tributes
planned. (Source: Cricket Australia)
Sean Abbott, who delivered the ball that killed Australian batsman Phillip Hughes, is set to return to action after being named in the New South Wales squad on Monday.
There were fears that the young fast bowler may have been too traumatised to play again after Hughes died from being hit by one of his bouncers at the Sydney Cricket Ground last month.
But he was included in a 12-man squad to play Queensland in a Sheffield Shield fixture in Sydney from Tuesday.
Abbott attended Hughes’s funeral last week and many people around the cricket world have expressed solidarity with the 22-year-old following the freak accident.
“Brilliant News…The whole #cricketfamily are right behind you Sean…,” said former England captain Michael Vaughan on Twitter in reaction to Abbott being selected.
NSW captain Moises Henriques said the bowler was holding up well.
“He’s coping pretty well,” Henriques told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
“I guess from our point of view as fellow players, we’re trying to expel his name from the tragedy a little bit, because in my opinion I don’t think he’s any more at fault than any other fast bowler who’s ever bowled a bouncer in his career.
“We’re actually trying to remove his name from everything that’s happened, and just treat him as another one of the
players.”
Several of the New South Wales squad were on the field when Hughes collapsed, and coach Trevor Bayliss said the Queensland match was not about winning.
“It’s not about the result in this match, it’s about getting the guys back on the paddock and looking after their future,” he told reporters.
“This game is about getting back and doing the things they’ve done in the past and getting back into the groove of
playing high-level cricket.”
Abbott’s return coincides with Australia facing India in the delayed first Test at Adelaide, with a number of tributes
planned.
The Australian players will wear Hughes’ Test cap number 408 on their shirts during the match, and black armbands in honour of their former team-mate.
Prior to the start of play on Tuesday, the Australian and Indian teams will stand before a large 408 painted on the
playing surface as they observe a video tribute, narrated by former Australia Test captain and prominent commentator Richie Benaud.
Hughes, 25, died on November 27 from bleeding on the brain, two days after being knocked unconscious by the Abbott bouncer, plunging the cricket world into mourning.

Unfair to expect same commitment from all nations on Climate: BanKi-moonPosted: December 8, 2014 3:13 pm
 
Following ambitious pledges by US and China to reduce emissions, UN chief Ban Ki-moon said it is “not fair” for all countries to make the same level of contributions, given their different phases of development and needs, a stand similar to that of India.
“It is clear that every country has to act in accordance with its own national circumstances and level of development.
No country can dictate to another sovereign country. But climate change is a global challenge that requires a coordinated global approach.
All countries must play their part,” the Secretary General told PTI.
Last month, the US and China announced a significant deal setting limits on greenhouse gases. The US said it intends to achieve an economy-wide target of reducing its emissions by 26-28 per cent below its 2005 level in 2025 and to make best efforts to reduce its emissions by 28 per cent.
China hopes to achieve the peaking of CO2 emissions around 2030 and to make best efforts to peak early and intends to increase the share of non-fossil fuels in primary energy consumption to around 20 per cent by 2030.
While Prime Minister Narendra Modi has voiced his commitment to environmental issues, India has stressed that the country will take action on climate change on its own volition.
On whether it is fair to expect the same level of contributions from India as those promised by the US and China, which have been on of the biggest emitters, Ban said it is unfair to expect same commitments on reducing emissions
from all countries.
“It is not fair for all countries to contribute the same – countries face different circumstances, are in differing phases of development, and have different capacities and needs. But every country needs to do what it can. This is an investment in our collective future,” he said.
“It is in everyone’s self-interest to take action. All countries – and people – will win if we act. Everyone loses if we do not – especially the world’s poorest and most vulnerable,” he added.
India has also made a strong pitch for focusing on adaptation and common but differentiated responsibilities (CBDR) as part of the new global order on climate change, saying it cannot only be about mitigation and emission cuts.
Ban said it is “absolutely true” that that the adaptation and resilience agenda has not received the attention or financing that is needed.
“Climate change is already happening, and countries and communities in developing countries need the assistance to build climate resilient economies,” he said.
A number of initiatives were launched at the UN Chief’s Climate Summit in September to expand access to insurance for people in vulnerable communities and to promote disaster reduction measures.
“But we need to do much more on adaptation. I will see to it that the UN expands its work on the adaptation agenda. The commitments countries will place in the new agreement will be self-determined and not imposed continued…

Katie Holmes to dye herhairPosted: December 8, 2014 3:12 pm
Actress Katie Holmes, who is known for her signature brunette locks, is planning to dye her hair.
The 35-year-old actress reveals that she always wanted to be a redhead, reported E! online.
“I’ve kind of always wanted to be a redhead. I just want to know what that feels like. Don’t worry, I’m not going to do it anytime soon,” said Holmes.
The ‘Jack and Jill’ star reveals her favourite hairstyle is a ponytail as it is easy and looks good.

Meghalayas little-known Mei Ram-ew festival finds place in LonelyPlanetWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:09 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 3:22 pm
Mei Ram-ew, a little-known ethnic food festival of Meghalaya, introduced only in 2010, has found place in Lonely Planet, the world’s largest travel guide publication, with the tourism industry in the hill state expecting increased tourist flow to the state.
“It is indeed great news that Lonely Planet has classified it as one of the top five must-see festivals of Northeast India. The Mei Ram-ew festival next year will be held at an international plane in Meghalaya and we have already started getting enquiries from several countries,” said Phrang Roy of North-East Slow Food and Agro-biodiversity Society (NESFAS), which had promoted Mei Ram-ew as the first slow-food festival of the Northeastern region.
Roy said the Mei Ram-ew has drawn its inspiration from the global slow food movement and is modelled on the lines of the global Terra Madre festivals. “We have been focusing on promotion of various forest-foraged and locally-grown foods that are displayed, cooked and served by indigenous communities of the Northeast. The festival also includes activities like tasting workshops of indigenous food varieties, cooking demos, and talks on culinary aspects of foods like millets,” he added.
Roy pointed out that Lonely Planet had recently listed five “must-see” festivals of Northeast India, with Mei Ram-ew festival of Meghalaya finding a place among them. The other four “must-see” festivals listed in Lonely Planet are Hornbill Festival and Loinloom Festival (both of Nagaland), Sangai Festival and Chumpha Festival (both of Manipur).
First organized in 2010, the festival has been showcasing different aspects of food in Meghalaya in the past four years. “In 2010 for instance, we focused on the unique traditional cuisines of the state. In 2012 on the other hand we put up recipes of over 200 edible indigenous plant species,” Roy informed.
Arrival of foreign tourists to Meghalaya has increased by about 27 per cent in 2013 in comparison to the previous year, the rate of increase being the same for the entire Northeastern region too. Individually, however, Manipur had registered the highest growth of 154 per cent between 2012 and 2013, followed by Arunachal Pradesh (111%), Tripura (51%) and Nagaland (33%). While 66,302 foreign tourists visited the Northeastern region in 2012, the number further increased to 84,820 in 2013.

Channing Tatum to take a break fromHollywoodPosted: December 8, 2014 3:07 pm
’22 Jump Street’ star Channing Tatum is reportedly planning to take a break from Hollywood in 2015.
The 34-year-old actor is planning to take fewer projects next year as he wants to spend time with his wife Jenna Dewan and their 18-month-old daughter Everly, reported Contactmusic.
“Channing realises that burning the candle at both ends has been unhealthy, and he’s ready to make changes.
“He told Jenna that after this next wave of projects, he’s taking at least a six-month break. He wants to be able to read Everly bedtime stories, tuck her in at night, then wake up and make her pancakes,” said a source.
Tatum, recently admitted that if his wife’s show ‘Witches of East End’ was cancelled then they would consider having another baby.
“Finally, they’re in a good place and gearing up to welcome a second baby. And Jenna made him promise that if there were another baby on the way, Chan would be a more committed family man,” said another source.

Book Review: Trees and plants mingle with religion andmedicineBy: Indo-Asian News Service | London |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:04 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 1:22 pm
The threat of marriages hitting rock bottom in 10 years time is fairly real, says a study, adding that if a couple can stay together for another five years, the missing romance may rekindle again.
For the study, lead researcher Spencer James from the Brigham Young University in the US collected data from over 2,000 women.
The data, collected from women born between 1957 and 1964, revealed that 66 per cent of marriages started on a happy note but ran into trouble over time, Express.co.uk reported.
“Conflict increases over the first decade of marriage, perhaps due to unresolved and potentially unresolvable issues,” James was quoted as saying.
The findings showed that in 10 years, trouble sets in firmly with women becoming disillusioned with balancing household work and child care.
The study appeared in the Social Science Research Journal.

Spoof: Are you suffering from MIBPSsyndromePosted: December 8, 2014 2:59 pm
You are ‘healthy’ and ‘fit to live in India’ only if:
# You refuse to follow any traffic rules
# You love to make the roads dirty
# Indulging in road rage is a daily affair for you
# You don’t respect girls and eve-tease them
If you don’t do any of the things listed above, you may be diagnosed with a deadly disease – Make India a better place syndrome (MIBPS). Old Delhi Films’ latest video talks about this fictitious disease, but may actually cure many people of their disregard for rules to make India a better place.
A dark satire, the video entertains on one hand and pricks the conscience of the rule-breakers on the other.
You may let out a sigh of relief, if you are suffering from this “deadly disease”. If you are not, it’s time to wake-up.
Watch the video here:

Six injured in stone pelting on outskirts of MangaluruUpdated: December 8, 2014 15:32 IST
Six injured in stone pelting on outskirts of Mangaluru
Raghava M.
Road in Ulaibettu lies deserted on Monday. Photo: H.S.Manjunath.
The Hindu
Police on Monday patrolling Parari Junction. Photo: H.S.Manjunath
The Hindu
Police on Monday patrolling at Parari Junction. Photo: H.S.Manjunath.
At least six persons were injured in stone pelting at Parari Junction on Mangaluru-Moodbidri NH-169, on the outskirts of the city, when a procession by Sangh Pariwar groups turned violent on Monday, according to police.
The incident took place when Sangh Pariwar activists were taking out a procession from Parari Junction to Ulaibettu where group clash took place on Friday night, as a mark of protest to Friday’s incident.
Police said that as the procession was in the junction someone pelted stones at a flex of Mohiuddin Bava, MLA, Mangalore City North at the junction. Immediately some stones were pelted on the activists. As a result at least six persons were injured. Later police dispersed the protesters from the spot.
Sangh Pariwar had called for a bandh of Ulaibettu and nearby small towns on Monday to protest against the Friday’s incident. Ulaibettu, Vamanjoor, Kaikamba and Gurupur towns observed bandh. All the shops in the towns were closed.
According to latest reports, the activists had gathered at Vamanjoor after police dispersed them from Parari Junction.
Prohibitory orders were in place in Ulaibettu and its 1.5 k.m. radius till 6 p.m. on Monday.

Delhi rape: Uber cab service banned in city  company blacklisted by govtComments
A Delhi court sent on Monday an Uber taxi driver accused of raping a 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days as the state government banned the taxi booking service which came under fire for hiring the driver without background checks.
 
Police said Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32 had earlier spent nearly two years in jail from 2011 over another rape charge before being acquitted last year when the victim allegedly turned hostile and the court found contradictions in her statement.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
On Friday night, Yadav allegedly raped an executive from a Gurgaon-based finance company in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla before dropping her home, sparking outrage in the city weeks before the second anniversary of the fatal gangrape of a 23-year-old medical student in a moving bus.
Although the driver threatened to kill her if she reported the crime to police, the woman took a photo of the car's number plate before alerting the authorities.
 
Police tracked Yadav down and arrested him on Sunday from his home town Mathura,160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi, where he had fled.
'Uber misled passenger with app, flouted rules'
He refused to participate in an identification line-up after police told the court they had not yet recovered the mobile phone he used during the incident.
Meanwhile, Uber faced criticism for hiring the cab driver without the mandatory police verification. It initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com with immediate effect," said a statement by the transport department.
"The transport department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the National Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi in future."
The department also alleged Uber had flouted transport rules and "misled" the passenger with its app.
"M/s Uber also misled the commuter about the nature of the taxi service offered by the "Uber App," it said.
Special commissioner Deepak Mishra said early investigations showed GPS had not been installed in the taxi and police background checks were not conducted on the driver.
 
San Francisco-based Uber had earlier issued a statement saying its thoughts were with the young woman and it was working with the government to address the issue.
 
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States and could spell trouble across the globe for the company.
 
Anger mounted in New Delhi where a crowd of angry protesters rallied outside the home minister's residence, demanding more action by officials to ensure safety for women.
 
"The shocking incident of rape of a young woman in a cab on Friday night exposes the alarming situation about lack of women safety in the national capital," the Aam Aadmi Party said in a statement.
Uber on back foot
Uber tried to shift some of the blame on to the Delhi government for the failure to do background checks on the accused cab driver.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick issued a statement following, terming the incident horrific.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery.
"We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs. We will also partner closely with the groups who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women," the statement said.
A day after police served a notice on the firm, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (North), said, "Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we'll go for legal recourse. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case.
(With inputs from agencies)

Sensex jumps 120 pointsUpdated: December 4, 2014 17:09 IST
Sensex jumps 120 points
Tweet
The Hindu
The BSE benchmark Sensex ended the session higher on Thursday by 120.11 points at 28,562.82 and the NSE index Nifty closed up by 26.75 points at 8,564.40. File photo
TOPICS
stock exchanges
The benchmark Sensex on Thursday bounced back to end with a gain of 120 points and Nifty jumped 26.75 points after rising to new lifetime high on the back of heavy buying in ITC shares on buzz that the government will not ban sales of loose cigarettes.
Global cues were also supportive. Asian and European stocks surged on talk of global monetary stimulus ahead of a European Central Bank policy meeting that could move closer to expanded monetary easing.
ITC, the most influential stock in 30-share BSE Sensex, jumped 5.44 per cent to over six-month high on speculation that government will put on hold its proposal to ban sales of loose cigarettes. Shares of other cigarette makers like Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries also rose in 2-6 per cent range.
The Sensex, which had retreated from record highs by falling over 251 points in the previous three sessions, opened on Thursday on a strong footing. It quickly soared to day’s high of 28,808.78. However, profit-booking at higher levels forced it to pare gains and closed at 28,562.82, up 120.11 points, or 0.42 per cent.
On similar lines the 50-share National Stock Exchange index Nifty, after scaling a new peak of 8,626.95 in early trade, closed at 8,564.40, up 26.75, or 0.31 per cent.
Intra-day, the gauge breached its earlier record of 8,623 reached on December 1.
Persistent foreign capital inflows into equity market also boosted the market sentiment. Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs. 391.07 crore on Wednesday.
Besides ITC, Sensex constituents Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, ICICI Bank, Hindustan Unilever, HDFC Bank, SBI, Axis Bank, HDFC and Bajaj Auto notched up moderate gains.
Sectorally, the BSE FMCG index gained the most by rising 3 per cent, followed by Banking index 0.76 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.40 per cent, Metal index 0.29 per cent, Auto index 0.13 per cent and Power index 0.06 per cent.
Buying activity also witnessed in smallcap and midcap stocks. The BSE Small Cap index rose 0.31 per cent and the BSE Midcap index gained 0.25 per cent.

Check out Gionee Elife S5.1  the world s slimmest smartphonetechnology
PHOTO REVIEW: Gionee Elife S5.1, the world’s slimmest phone
The S5.1 is a stylish phone, but it is not a premium phone when it comes to specs. If you are one of those who want to unleash the power of Android then this is not the phone for you.
Gionee ELIFE S5.1 is the slimmest phone around. Just club three Rs 2 coins and that's what the new Gionee smartphone measures.
The audio jack is there right next to the micro-USB port. Incidentally, in the box there is a USB adapter, just in case you want to get some storage support. The phone does not have external storage support. Use your 11.5GB wisely or you will end up using the USB adapter a lot.
The SIM card slot of the smartphone. The display is decent and works well even in bright sunlight.
Gionee does not run pure Android, so for those making a switch there is some adjusting required. It is not a big deal, but there are those who don’t like the Amigo OS much. So make sure you know what you are getting into.
At first look, also in second and subsequent looks, this phone looks like the iPhone 5S… but an anorexic iPhone 5S at that. Yes, this phone is thinner than we imagine phones to be, any thinner and you could use it in an ATM.
Related

Salman Khan  Nita Ambani launch ISL #grassroots football movementsports
Salman Khan, Nita Ambani launch ISL #grassroots football movement
Bollywood star Salman Khan and Nita Ambani on Sunday launched ISL #grassroots football movement in Mumbai.(Express Photo by Pradeep Kocharekar)
The programme aims to reach out to several young  footballers who lack quality infrastructure. (Express Photo by Pradeep Kocharekar)
The initiative will be carried out by the eight clubs of the ISL, Reliance IMG and three private NGOs. (Express Photo by Pradeep Kocharekar)
Actor Salman Khan, on this occasion, flaunted his Footballing skills, enthralling the students present. (Express Photo by Pradeep Kocharekar)
In it's initial phase it aims to reach out to more than 5 Lakh kids through schools and playgrounds. (Express Photo by Pradeep Kocharekar)
Under this initiative, kids aging 10-13 years will undergo two selection trials before being picked up by the Reliance IMG under its scholarship programme. (Express Photo by Pradeep Kocharekar)
Almost 1 lakh footballs will be distrributed in small towns to make the initiative a success. (Express Photo by Pradeep Kocharekar)
Actor Salman Khan enjoys a light moment with Nita Ambani in Mumbai. The Bollywood star endorsed the need of sports in the all-round development of a child. (Express Photo by Pradeep Kocharekar)
Related

SpiceJet slips 13%; DGCA to not review curbsYou are here: Home > Collections
DGCA to not review move to impose curbs on SpiceJet; stocks falls nearly 13%
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 05.50PM IST
Tags:
Directorate General
(piceJet Ltd slipped as much…)
MUMBAI: Continuing to fall for the fifth straight session, shares of budget carrier SpiceJet ended over 4 per cent lower today amid a flurry of negative news, including fund drought and large-scale flight cancellations.
After falling 12.85 per cent to Rs 13.90 in intra-day trade, shares of SpiceJet finally ended at Rs 15.25, down 4.39 per cent from its previous close on the BSE.
In five trading sessions, the stock has fallen by over 28 per cent. During this period, the company's market value fell by Rs 321 crore to Rs 816.30 crore.
Concerned over deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA last week withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
With SpiceJet wobbling amid fund drought and the aviation regulator keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, the no-frill carrier's pilots are flocking to other airlines in search of a job, industry sources said.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over SpiceJet's ability to run as a "going concern".
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concerns over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather... not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
Shares of the company have been on the back foot amid reports that Airport Authority of India has put it on cash-and-carry payment mode.
In a filing to the BSE, the company today said, "We would like to clarify that SpiceJet Limited is not under a "Cash-and-Carry" payment mode with Airport Authority of India as wrongly reported in certain sections of the media."
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs 310 crore which is down from Rs 559 crore net loss during the corresponding period last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Interest in Infosys stock on the rise: PhillipCapInfosys Ltd.
In a chat with ET Now, Vineet Bhatnagar , MD, PhillipCapital , shares his views on Infosys.
ET Now: The Infosys promoters have applied for declassification, but there is selling of $1.05 billion worth of stocks . The book is closed as well. The bonus shares hit the markets today. It is already down about 2.5 per cent in the pre-open session. What more is in store for the stock in the near term?
Vineet Bhatnagar: The fact that there was enough demand in the secondary market for the kind of lot that has come out is indicative of the fact that there is still a pent-up demand for this particular name, the erstwhile bellwether for the sector.
A lot of new money — long only money — that is going to come into India will definitely find way into names like Infosys Ltd. and State bank of India . If you like a three-year view, then you must be looking at Infosys. Sikka seems to be making a good amount of news as well. I would imagine that there is interest in the stock for those with a three-year kind of view.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Opposition flays Sushma Swaraj for  Gita as national scripture  commentOpposition flays Sushma Swaraj for 'Gita' comment
New Delhi  HT Correspondent and Agencies, December 08, 2014
First Published: 12:58 IST(8/12/2014) | Last Updated: 16:02 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
External affairs minister Sushma Swaraj came under the opposition fire on Monday for urging the Centre to declare the Bhagavad Gita as a national scripture and saying that only a formal announcement to this effect was pending.
Swaraj had made the comments at a public meeting to mark 5,151 years of the Gita, a 700-verse Hindu scripture that is part of the epic Mahabharata, at the Red Fort on Sunday.
Her comment evoked sharp reactions from all sections of the opposition including the Bahujan Samaj Party, Aam Aadmi Party, Congress, Janata Dal (United), the Trinamool Congress as well as Left parties.
"People in our country practice different religions, she should not have given such a statement. Her comment is not right," said Mayawati.
AAP's Manish Sisodia said Sushma's call is an insult to the scripture.
"If they want the Gita to be announced as the national scripture, they are insulting Gita. The holy book is way above all this," said Sisodia.
"It is a dangerous, ideological position that the BJP is trying to impose on people. It is detrimental to the unity of nation," said Communist Party of India's D Raja.
Reacting to Swaraj's remark, Congress leader Manish Tewari said the essence of the Gita lies in its substance and not in its symbolism.
"So, if anybody has seriously read and internalise the teachings of the Gita they would not make such a frivolous statement," he said.
West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee hit out at Swaraj saying the Constitution was the "Holy Book" in a democracy.
"Our Constitution says India is a secular country. The Constitution is the Holy Book in a democracy," Banerjee told PTI.
"We respect all holy books equally. They are all our pride," Banerjee, the Trinamool Congress chief, said.
JD (U) president Sharad Yadav had dismissed Swaraj's comments as "rubbish", saying that "instead of focusing on the task of governance, the National Democratic Alliance leaders were raising mindless issues".
"PM Modi gifted the Gita to US President Barack Obama, which means it has already received the honour of a national scripture. What we require is only a formal announcement now," Swaraj had said.
Modi had also gifted the Gita to Japan PM Shinzo Abe and the Emperor of Japan during his five-day trip in September.

Uber cabs Delhi rape case:  Safest rides on the road  company s driver is repeat offenderDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Uber was banned in Delhi yesterday and government mulled similar action across the country as outrage grew over the alleged rape of a 27-year-old woman executive by its cab driver.
Uber cabs driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who was arrested Sunday evening from Mathura for raping a 27-year-old executive in Delhi, is a repeat offender- Uber claims that it offers the ‘safest rides on the road’.
Revealed during the initial interrogation by the police, this fact highlights the carelessness on the part of Uber cab service. The accused would not have been behind the wheel of the Uber cab had the US-based company run a background check and got police verification done.
On Friday night, the 27-year-old woman who works for a finance company in Gurgaon has gone to a restaurant for dinner with some friends after her shift ended at 7 pm. After dinner, one of her friend gave her a ride till Vasant Kunj. She meanwhile booked the cab from Vasant Kunj to her house in Inderlok on her smartphone. The driver along with Uber Swift Dzire cab arrived around 10.20 pm and she left for home.
On the way, the woman dozed off on the back seat of the car only to wake up and find that they had stopped at a secluded spot. She found that the car doors were locked and, when she tried to raise an alarm, the driver thrashed her and then committed rape.
“The driver reportedly sexually assaulted her and beat her up. The woman said she tried to fight back, but he overpowered her. He reportedly told her that if she shouted for help, he would insert a rod in her genitals, and reminded her of the December 16 2012 bus gangrape in the city,” reported Indian Express.
In the complaint, the woman said that the driver repeatedly slapped her and punched her when she tried to use her phone to make a call. He also told her that he would drop her home safely only if she wouldn’t report the matter to the police.
The driver reportedly dropped her home, registered the end of the ride on Uber’s software, and gave her a bill. “After she got down from the car, she secretly clicked a photograph of the cab, with the vehicle’s registration number. She went home, but soon  left for the Sarai Rohilla police station to file a complaint,” said the police.
This incident was reported around 1.25 am on Saturday. A case was registered at Sarai Rohilla Police Station under Sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
Activists of AISA and JNUSU protest against the rape by Uber cab driver, outside Police headquarters in New Delhi. (Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Uber cab in which the crime took place was owned by the driver himself and he was traced through his mobile number and has been handed over to the Delhi police. The Swift Dzire cab in which the crime took place was recovered from the city late Saturday night.
Meanwhile, the US-based cab service provider, which has come under attack for allegedly flouting norms, has issued a statement saying they are providing all help to police in the investigation.
We are deeply disturbed by the reported incident. Our thoughts are with the victim. We are actively and fully cooperating with authorities.
— Uber Delhi (@Uber_Delhi) December 6, 2014
Uber spokesperson, Evelyn Tay, made the following statement on their blog, “Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done.”
“Safety is Uber’s highest priority and in India, we work with licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform,” added Evelyn Tay.
Police take away rape accused Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav after he was produced before a Magistrate Court in New Delhi on Monday. (PTI)
Police said the driver did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and the only link the service provider had with him was an Smartphone App which he exited after the incident.
The company also could not immediately provide the call log to police as details were said to be stored at the company’s headquarters in New York.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

Infosys a top bet Stock cracks 5%  but  can surge over 5% in 3-4 daysYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Block deal pressure good opportunity to buy Infosys
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 05.55PM IST
Tags:
Barclays
(Infosys was witnessing…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys saw intense selling pressure through the day, following a huge block deal on the counter. Four founder members of the company have sold 25 per cent stake of their holding to raise $1.1 billion.
They sold 3.23 crore shares at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 per share in 16 block deals through Deutsche Bank . The block deal was at 4 per cent discount to Friday's closing price.
The stock has been recently down on profit booking as investors booked profits after the stock started trading ex-bonus on the exchanges.
The stock closed the session on Monday at Rs 1,968.60; down 4.88%, at Rs 101.10.
However, the sharp correction in the stock should be utilized by investors to buy the stock. According to dealers, the stock may see an upmove of over Rs 100 in the next 3-4 days.
This means that the stock can return over 5% in 3-4 days, as the experts say, if we calculate from today's intraday low of 1,967.55.
The overhang of the block deal is expected to be short-lived.
"There is still a pent-up demand for this erstwhile bellwether for the IT sector. As we have said earlier, a lot of new long only money that is going to come into India will definitely find way into names like Infosys and SBI," said Vineet Bhatnagar, MD, PhillipCapital to ET Now.
"From that point of view, if you like a three-year view, then you must be looking at Infosys. Sikka seems to be making good amount of news as well as work. So I would imagine that there is interest in the stock with the three-year view," Bhatnagar added.
The company recently held analysts' meet and most analysts remain bullish on the company's growth prospects after Vishal Sikka took over as the CEO and MD. Dr Sikka reiterated that Infosys continues to be on track to return to industry levels of growth by June 2016.
Analysts at Barclays Research are of the view that the management's top down strategy at the meet suggested the revival will be driven by higher revenue productivity led by adoption of AI and automation and investments in sales force leading to better account mining and large deal wins.
"While contribution of new services to the top-line will likely be minimal, pursuing these initiatives has helped the company to establish a strategic dialogue with its clients. We maintain our OW rating and adjust our target price to Rs 2,500, to account for the 1:1 bonus issue," the report added. Analysts are bullish on the company's growth outlook as the management reiterated its focus on renewing the existing business, while focusing on new business simultaneously.
"We expect the company to report an EPS of Rs 107.9 and Rs 123.2 in FY15e and FY16e, respectively. We also introduce our FY17e EPS estimate of INR140.1, implying a three-year EPS CAGR of 14.6%. The stock is currently quoting at FY16e and FY17e PER of 17.1x and 15.0x, respectively. We reiterate Buy rating on the company with a target price of INR 2,382, based on 17x FY17e EPS," said an Antique Stock Broking report. CLSA has a 'Buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2500.
"We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital. Infosys is clearly exploiting its latent strengths in training and talent to catapult it back to industry leadership," said a CLSA report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MF assets drop by to Rs 10.9 lakh crore in N...You are here: Home > Collections
Mutual fund assets drop by Rs 5,344 crore to Rs 10.9 lakh crore in November
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 02.51PM IST
Tags:
Association of Mutual Funds in India
(The country's 45 fund houses…)
NEW DELHI: The asset base of mutual fund industry dropped by Rs 5,344 crore to Rs 10.90 lakh crore in November mainly on account of outflow from 'money market' segment.
The country's 45 fund houses together had an average AUM of Rs 10,90,309 crore at the end of November 30, 2014, down from Rs 10,95,653 crore in the preceding month, according to the data by Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI).
The AUM data for individual fund house is not being disclosed.
Industry experts said the monthly decline in AUM is largely on account of withdrawal from money market or liquid segment.
Liquid or money market ( debt-oriented mutual fund schemes ) segment witnessed an outflow of Rs 52,460 crore during the month.
Overall, mutual funds (MF) saw a net pullout of Rs 25,628 crore.
The assets managed by mutual funds had crossed Rs 10 lakh crore--mark for the first time in May on the back of a sustained rally in markets after the formation of a new government at the Centre.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prince William  Kate arrive in US for an eventful visit  Obama onitineraryBy: Associated Press | New York |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:43 pm
Britain’s Prince William and his wife, Kate, have arrived in New York City on the royal couple’s first official visit to the U.S.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s motorcade pulled up outside the Carlyle Hotel on Sunday night to a throng of media and shrieking admirers, who were kept behind police barricades. Kate is expecting their second child in April.
William is scheduled to meet with President Barack Obama at the White House on Monday while visiting Washington to attend a World Bank conference. At that meeting, he is expected to speak about combating illegal trade in wildlife parks.
William and Kate also have a full schedule of events in New York, including a visit to the National Sept. 11 Memorial and Museum and a basketball game between the Brooklyn Nets and the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and daughter Chelsea Clinton will accompany the couple to a New York reception highlighting conservation efforts.
At a black-tie scholarship fundraiser for the University of St. Andrews, other guests expected include Tom Hanks and opera singer Renee Fleming. The ticket price went up to $10,000 per seat. The royal couple met at the Scottish school.
Kate also is scheduled to tour a New York child development center with the city’s first lady, Chirlane McCray.
Earlier Sunday, the royals were greeted by Peter Westmacott, British ambassador to the U.S., and his wife; British Consul General Danny Lopez; and Peter Selfridge, U.S. chief of protocol.

Amanda Peet  husband welcome thirdchildBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:42 pm
The ‘Whole Nine Yards’ star Amanda Peet and her screenwriter husband David Benioff have just welcomed a new addition to their family.
The 42-year-old actress gave birth to a baby boy on Sunday in Los Angeles, Us Weekly reported.
It is the third child for the Peet and and the ‘Game of Thrones’ showrunner. The couple is already parents to 7-year-old Frances Pen Frankie and 4-year-old Molly June.
Peet debuted her growing baby bump on the red carpet of Primetime Emmy Awards in August after remaining mum about her pregnancy for months.
Two days before giving birth to her son, Peet was still doing her regular activities. She was seen shopping with her daughter Molly in Beverly Hills. She went make-up free during the outing and wore a grey sweatshirt and navy tracksuit bottoms matched with a khaki parka jacket and a blue plaid scarf.
Peet will star on HBO’s new comedy series ‘Togetherness’ which is set to debut on January 11.

Eros International partners with Salman KhansFilmsBy: Entertainment Feature Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:34 pm
Eros International Media Ltd (Eros International), Indian film and entertainment company, announced today its collaboration on the two maiden productions of Salman Khan Films – ‘Bajrangi Bhaijaan’ and ‘Hero’.
Kabir Khan teams up with Salman once again in the eagerly awaited ‘Bajrangi Bhaijaan’. The film has already created huge anticipation since it started shooting earlier this month and is set for an Eid release in July 2015. ‘Bajrangi Bhaijaan’ is produced by Salman Khan and Rockline Venkatesh Films.
Nikhil Advani’s ‘Hero’, which is a modern day remake of Subhash Ghai’s classic of the same name, will see the launch of two new stars and is set to engage youth audiences when it releases in summer 2015.
Jyoti Deshpande, Group CEO Eros International said “We are delighted and excited to partner with Salman Khan for his first home productions and showcase this brilliant line-up to a global audience with our worldwide marketing, digital and distribution network. The combination of Salman, Kabir Khan, Eid and ‘Bajrangi Bhaijaan’, not only promises fans and audiences larger than life entertainment, but we also look to it setting new box office records as Salman did this year. We are equally excited to launch bright new talent with Hero and are positive the audiences will embrace Nikhil’s interpretation of the classic musical romantic hit”.

Will never do anything detrimental to Indias security:RussiaBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:33 pm
Weeks after it signed a military cooperation agreement with Pakistan, Russia on Monday said it will never do anything “detrimental” to India’s security interests and that the pact does not envisage supply of any defence equipment to that country immediately.
Calling India as a time tested ally and “closest friend”, Russian Ambassador Alexander Kadakin said Russia’s relations with Pakistan have “separate value” but they will not be at the expense of ties with New Delhi.
“Never ever will Russia do anything to the detriment of India’s security. India is the closest friend of my country,” Kadakin said addressing a press conference on the eve of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s visit here from December 10.
Noting that Russia has interest in Afghanistan, the envoy said improvement in its relations with Pakistan will help influencing the country to get “desirable action”.
“You (India) declared you are ready to have more dialogue, more contact to improve your relationship with Pakistan. Since we are strategic partners, why cannot Russia improve its relation with Pakistan the way India does. After all it will be easier for us to together influence it (to take) desirable action,” he said.
Pakistan and Russia on November 20 had signed a military cooperation agreement to deepen their defence ties and vowed to translate their relationship in “tangible” terms. Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu had also visited Pakistan last month. The visit by a Russian Defence Minister to Pakistan came after a gap of 45 years.
India had reacted cautiously to the development saying it has noted the development.
“The frame work agreement which was signed with Pakistan does not envisage any immediate supply. It is just a framework agreement which we have with many countries,” Kadakin said.
“You must rest assured that India is Russia’s strategic partner and closest friend,” he said, adding Pakistan had asked for helicopters but they have not been given yet.
“Russia’s relations with Pakistan have their separate value. They have independent value. We also have a stake in Afghanistan,” he said.

Marilyn Monroes love letters sold high atauctionBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:32 pm
The memorabilia of Marilyn Monroe fetched big money at an auction held by Julien’s Auctions in Beverly Hills over the weekend.
What appealed most to the bidders were the love letters, one of them was written by her ex-husband Joe DiMaggio, reported Ace Showbiz.
The Yankee great’s letter to the screen siren sold more than USD 78,000 in the action.
Also among ‘Marilyn Monroe’s Lost Archives’ was a handwritten letter that Monroe wrote for playwright and later husband Arthur Miller. It fetched nearly USD 44,000 to undisclosed buyer. These letters were willed to Monroe’s mentor the legendary acting coach Lee Strasberg after her death at the age of 36.
The auction house also sold about 200 other items once belonging to the movie star. Her silk overcoat was sold for USD 175,000 while her famous black-beaded necklace was sold for USD 37,500. Her brassiere went for USD 20,000.

Kourtney Kardashian expecting aboyBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:25 pm
Reality TV star Kourtney Kardashian and her longtime partner Scott Disick took to their show to announce that they’re expecting a boy and she is due soon.
Kourtney, 35, made the announcement on ‘Kourtney & Khloe Take the Hamptons’. In the latest episode of the E! reality show, the older sister of Kim Kardashian revealed that she and boyfriend Disick are having a boy, reported E! online.
Kourtney explained to Khloe Kardashian, “Mason (Kourtney’s five-year-old son) ran in here with the blue stick. There was a red star or a blue star.”
Kim, meanwhile, filmed the family’s reaction when finding out the baby’s sex.
“I am so happy that we’re having a boy,” Kourtney told the camera. “It’s going to be perfect for our family.”
Disick, who recently left his rehab early, was not thrilled about having a third baby when Kourtney first broke the news in June, but he is now apparently ready to be a father again. “I’m fine now. I’m excited,” he said when Khloe asked how he felt.
Kourtney and Disick also have a two-year-old daughter, Penelope.

Ready-to-launch projects worth 3L cr to bol...chamber of commerce
(Putting the onus for poor…)
NEW DELHI: The government today said it is creating a shelf of 500 ready-to-bid projects worth Rs three lakh crore to propel growth in the infrastructure sector.
This is in addition to rolling out Rs 1.8 lakh crore worth of projects out of Rs 2.8 lakh crore stuck projects.
"In our shelf, we are going to have 500 projects worth more than Rs 3 lakh crore ready with processes like land acquisition, forest clearance and other clearances,"Gadkari said addressing an Infrastructure summit, organised by Indo American Chamber of Commerce (IACC) here.
A separate section has been created in the Ministry to prepare detailed project reports (DPR) to keep a vigil on the progress of all onging projects, he said.
Putting the onus for poor development of the sector on the previous UPA regime, Gadkari said the sector was hit hard during the last decade owing to faulty policies.
"But corrective measures are on, resulting in launch of Rs 1.8 lakh crore of projects out of Rs 2.8 lakh crore stuck due to regulatory hurdles and delays in land acquisition," he said.
Out of the remaining Rs one lakh crore projects, the contractors wanted golden handshake for Rs 50,000 crore projects, he said.
"Not only a mechanism to solve all discrepancies are in place but a justified model concession agreement will be in place soon," he said.
Steps for building of long-durable concrete roads was also on while the government has already notified use of iron ore slags in road construction, which would be cost-effective, he said.
The Minister exuded confidence that his Ministry will achieve 30-km a day road building target and would contribute two per cent to the GDP in coming years.
Gadkari said electronic toll system would be installed pan-India which is expected to result in a saving of Rs 86,000 crore annually including Rs 60,000 crore due to fuel loss as a result of delays.
At the same time, he added his government was according highest priority to waterways and that a new Bill which will vest power to Shipping Ministry for converting any river into waterway was ready.
Gadkari said his government was committed to building waterports, seaports and busports and was extending full cooperation to states.
"We want to encourage the production of seaplanes ... hovercrafts. Already I have discussed the proposal with a British company. They have a joint venture with defence and our Goa Shipyard. They are making 70 hovercrafts," he said.
The Minister said the department has taken a decision to build two dry ports - one in Aurangabad and the other in Vidarbha and is is contemplating to form a rail corporation for transportation of goods from ports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Three skywalks to be open for public use shortlyUpdated: December 8, 2014 15:41 IST
Three skywalks to be open for public use shortly
Special Correspondent
Mayor N. Shanthakumari and Deputy K. Ranganna during inspection on Monday. Photo: Special Arrangement.
Mayor N. Shanthakumari and Deputy K. Ranganna during inspection on Monday. Photo: Special Arrangement.
Three skywalks in the city are ready and will soon be open to public use.
The skywalks at Christ College, Marathahalli Ring Road and Bellary Road will be inaugurated within 15 days, as per instructions of city Mayor N. Shanthakumari.
Early on Monday morning, the Mayor and her deputy K. Ranganna inspected skywalks in the city. She directed the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) officials to complete the skywalk on Koramangala Inner Ring Road that was held for a few months by February 1.
The BBMP has floated tenders for the construction of 31 skywalks across the city. While the construction of three has been completed, four are under progress, and the remaining are in the tender finalisation stage. The skywalks are being constructed on public-private partnership model.
The Mayor directed the officials to also submit proposals to incorporate lift in the skywalk at K.R. Puram and shift the skywalk near Sophia High School near High Grounds to K.R. Puram Santhe grounds. The shifting of the skywalk from High Grounds was proposed by chairperson of Standing Committee for Major Works Geetha Vivekananda.
Later, Ms. Shanthakumari took the officials to task for not clearing debris that had been dumped below the Indiranagar flyover. She directed them to clear the debris within 15 days and fence the area.

Court slams Delhi Police for slack in IPL spot-fixing probe  calls it  tamashaprint
The Supreme Court on Monday put several uncomfortable questions to N Srinivasan on his bid to contest the BCCI elections at a time when he and some cricket administrators are facing a probe.
A bench of Justices TS Thakur and FMI Kalifullah told senior counsel Kapil Sibal that his client, Srinivasan’s conduct ought to be above suspicion. “There is should be no room for anybody to point an accusing finger at the BCCI for bias,” the bench told the former Union Law Minister, asking him whether it would proper for the suspended President and his team to “capture the board elections.”
The bench said the question before it was not just of actual bias but even the likelihood of bias. “If an official of a team (Meiyappan) has been indicted will not the team be disqualified?” the bench asked Sibal when he said there would be no conflict of interest in a situation when a sugar factory owner becomes the Agriculture minister.
He insisted conflict of interest allegation was not a ground to disqualify a person to hold a post as several persons may hold private interests.
At this the court said: “What about a situation where you are the president of the BCCI with a power to disenfranchise a team which is your duty. But you have an interest because you have a team.”
Sibal argued there was nothing in the statute or any law in the country that the present office bearers cannot be allowed to contest because of the betting allegations against Meiyappan.
The court appeared unconvinced as it once again inquired from Sibal on the business relationship between BCCI and CSK. “You (Srinivasan) have entered into a contract with BCCI. In its sphere of business activities it allows you to enter into a business and say subject to your paying Rs. 400 cr you are given the franchise of a team,” the bench said.
"Once you became a team owner your duty as a BCCI president and team owner seems to be pulling you in different directions.”
City court slams Delhi Police
New Delhi: A city court slammed Delhi police for “not doing anything… for the last six months” in the IPL spot-fixing case where suspended cricketers S Sreesanth, Ajit Chandila, Ankeet Chavan and others, including Dawood Ibrahim, are accused. The court’s ire was drawn by the cops’ request to adjourn the matter, which had been listed for arguments on framing of charges. “From the last six months, this ‘tamasha’ (drama) is going on. Police are not doing anything in this case,” said Additional Sessions Judge Neena Bansal Krishna. HTC

1975 LN Mishra murder case: 4 accused convictedNearly 40 years after the death of former railway minister LN Mishra at a function in Bihar, a Delhi court on Monday held advocate Ranjan Dwivedi and 3 others guilty of murdering him.
LN Mishra was killed in a bomb blast in Samastipur, Bihar, in 1975. (HT File Photo)
District judge Vinod Goel said Dwivedi and three other Ananda Marga group members accused in the case-- Santoshananda Avadhuta, Sudevananda Avadhuta and Gopalji -- had conspired to explode a bomb at the January 2, 1975 function attended by Mishra at Samastipur railway station.
The quantum of punishment will be announced on December 15.
The court had fixed the case for the verdict after hearing the final arguments of the counsel for CBI and the four accused. The court, which had reserved the judgement on September 12, was earlier scheduled to pronounce it on November 10 but deferred it for December 8 as the order was not ready.
The charge sheet in this case was filed on November 1, 1977 in a CBI court in Patna. The case was shifted to Delhi in 1979 on a plea by the then attorney general to the apex court.
Over 200 witnesses, including 161 prosecution witnesses and more than 40 defence witnesses, were examined, and final arguments in the case concluded in September 2012.
Dwivedi was 24-year-old when his name along with four Ananda Marga group members- one of whom has died - came up in connection to the bombing.
The accused had approached the Supreme Court for quashing of the murder trial against them on the grounds of inordinate delay. However, the apex court had on August 17, 2012 dismissed their pleas.
All the convicts in this case, except Gopalji, were also named as tried and found guilty of attempting to murder then Chief Justice of India AN Ray in Delhi on March 20, 1975.
While Delhi high court in August acquitted Dwivedi, it upheld the the order to sentence Santoshananda and Sudevananda to 10 years rigorous imprisonment (RI) each.

Little progress on achieving pre-2020 targetsWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:47 am
As countries negotiate a global climate agreement that will come into effect from 2020, there is a growing unease in Lima over the fact that there is little discussion on what is going to happen in the five years before 2020.
The Kyoto Protocol is supposed to run till 2020, in what is known as its second commitment period, after which the new agreement currently being negotiated, and hopefully finalised at the Paris climate meeting next year, will take over.
Developed countries had agreed at the Doha meeting of 2012 to increase their climate actions in the second commitment period of Kyoto Protocol, and undertake greater emission reduction targets in order to close the emission gap.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) says global greenhouse gas emissions need to peak by 2020 if hopes of keeping the average global temperature rise below 2 degrees from 1850 baseline has to be kept alive. For this, the rich and industrialised countries as a group needed to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions by at least 25 to 40 per cent on a 1990 baseline. The current targets fall woefully short of that goal.
Developing countries and climate activists at Lima said they are extremely disappointed to see that despite the urgency there has been absolutely no talk in Lima on increasing the level of ambition of pre-2020 targets.
“Negotiators still do not seem to recognise that what we are dealing with in these negotiations is about a real planetary emergency. Science is clear on what needs to be done and the negotiations do not seem to reflect that,” Tasneem Essop of WWF said.
On Friday, EU and Australia strongly resisted a proposal by developing countries to form a ‘contact group’ — a small group of negotiators — to expedite the discussions on enhancing emission reduction targets under Kyoto Protocol for the developed countries for the pre-2020 period. These countries also managed to delete the references relating to increase in ambition of pre-2020 targets in a negotiating text, arguing that it had already been covered in the decisions reached at the previous climate meeting in Warsaw.
“These are disturbing developments. It is clear that it is not enough to negotiate emission reductions only for the future. We need action and we need them now. Every prolongation is a waste of time and it is taking us down a very dangerous path. I would call on the European Union and the other developed countries not to take baby steps. It is time to take very bold steps,” Jagoda Munic, of the Friends of Earth group, said.
An Indian negotiator said the developing continued…

Govt rules out bail-out measure for SpiceJet airlinesGovernment rules out bail-out measure for SpiceJet airlines
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 11:19 IST
Photo: Reuters
Government has ruled out any bail-out measure to cash-strapped budget carrier SpiceJet .
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju also justfied the actions taken by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) against the airline including withdrawal of its unused slots for flight operations.
"I don't think the government can afford to take on such loans onto itself," Raju told CNN-IBN responding to a question whether the government will extend any guarantee as far as the beleaguered airline's debts are concerned.
The Minister, however, expressed the hope that SpiceJet will come out of the current financial crisis.
"We hope not. We hope they (SpiceJet) will be able to fly out of the financial turbulence which they are going through," he said when asked whether the airline was going the grounded Kingfisher Airlines way.
Raju also said the DGCA has done its job by withdrawing the airlines' unused slots and passing other directions to SpiceJet.
Concerned over the deteriorating financial health of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA had on Friday withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
The airline had, however, in a statement on Friday, said surrendering the unused slots to an airport operators was a routine practice and it had already paid November salaries to almost 85 per cent of the employees two days ago.
After reviewing the situation facing the no-frill carrier, DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a "convincing schedule" by December 15, to clear its over Rs 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies as well as stop taking bookings beyond one month among others.
93 arrival and as many departure slots were withdrawn by DGCA as the low-cost carrier was operating 232 flights in October, as against 339 in September.
Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather, not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing.
(With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
The regulator would henceforth carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles, DGCA sources had said on Friday.

UN wants countries to take in 180 000 Syrian refugeesBy: Press Trust of India | Geneva |
Posted: December 8, 2014 10:55 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 11:10 am
More than 30 humanitarian organisations on Monday launched an appeal for countries to take in around 180,000 refugees from the Syrian conflict. That figure would represent five percent of the projected refugee population by the end of 2015, according to the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
The issue will be discussed at a conference in Geneva tomorrow. After three years of fighting in Syria, more than 3.2 million refugees are registered in neighbouring countries and with little sign of the conflict coming to an end, the UNHCR believes the number could rise to nearly 3.6 million by the end of 2015.
If countries would take in 180,000 refugees, and an accompanying aid package and economic support was provided to the nations that open their doors, “it would also encourage those countries to keep their borders open to ensure those in Syria can flee the conflict, and could contribute to their stability,” the UNHCR said.
“Syria’s neighbouring countries have shown incredible generosity over the last three and a half years, but the strain of the crisis is weighing heavily on infrastructure and public services,” the agency said. Turkey and Lebanon, for example, each host more than one million registered refugees.
The UN refugee agency called on countries which have not accepted any refugees so far, such as the Gulf states and Latin American countries, to do their bit.

Bipasha Basu parties with Hrithik Roshan  Malaika Arora Khanentertainment
Bipasha Basu parties with Hrithik Roshan, Malaika Arora Khan
Bipasha Basu took to photo sharing platform Instagram to share her candid moments with Hrithik Roshan, Malaika Arora Khan and Sonu Sood. This picture was taken in Hong Kong at a promotional event.
She captioned it, "In Hongkong! Music laughter funnn!" (Source: Instagram)
Bipasha Basu takes a selfie with Hrithik.
Bips captioned this picture as, "Capris", as both Bipasha (January 7) and Hrithik (January 10) are Capricorns. (Source: Instagram)
Another one with Malaika Arora Khan. (Source: Instagram)
And that's how Bipasha 'lets her hair down' in Hong Kong. (Source: Instagram)
Party poopers: Bipasha Basu surely knows how to have fun. (Source: Instagram)
And after the partying comes the lull. The 'Capris' - Hrithik Roshan and Bipasha Basu - return to Mumbai.
They were spotted at the International Airport in Mumbai on December 7. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Hrithik, dressed in casuals, looked tired. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Accompanying them was Malaika Arora Khan. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Indias staggering wealth gap in five chartsUpdated: December 8, 2014 11:06 IST
India’s staggering wealth gap in five charts
Rukmini S
economy, business and finance
How does inequality in India really look? How much share does the country’s poorest 10 per cent have in its total wealth, how much does the richest, and are the rich getting richer?
We’ve been able to answer some of these questions from new estimates that came out of Credit Suisse’s Global Wealth Databook 2014 .
For one, the difference in the wealth share held by India’s poorest 10 per cent and the richest 10 per cent is enormous; India’s richest 10 per cent holds 370 times the share of wealth that it’s poorest hold.
India’s richest 10 per cent have been getting steadily richer since 2000, and now hold nearly three-quarters of total wealth.
India’s 1 per centers – its super-rich – have been getting richer even faster. In the early 2000s, India’s top 1 per cent held a lower of share of India’s total wealth than the world’s top 1 per cent held of its total wealth. That changed just before and after the global recession – though the world’s super-rich are recovering - and India’s top 1% holds close to half of the country’s total wealth.
Not surprisingly, India then dominates the world’s poorest 10 per cent, while China dominates the global middle class and the United States the world’s rich.
The world’s super-rich – the top 1 per cent – is overwhelmingly American. Indians make up just 0.5 per cent of the world’s super-rich.

Ballot is more powerful than bullet: PMPrime Minister Narendra Modi addresses rally in Samba, Jammu and Kashmir ahead of Assembly polls.
12.50 pm: PM Modi ends his speech in Samba
12.50: Come shout with me, "Bharat mata ki Jai"
12.49 pm: Because your grief is my grief and to share your sorrow every month I come here.
12.48 pm: Since the day I joined the PM office, every month I have visited Jammu and Kashmir
12.47 pm: The sacrifice of the people shouldn't go waste
12.46: I will always praise the name of J&K. Because you have showed a way for democracy.
People have gone for voting inspite of militant attacks
12.42 pm: Inspite of the cold weather, the voter turnout here was 70%, 80% here. I am really thankful for the people of Kashmir.
12.42 pm: We need to free Jammu and Kashmire and for that we need to form BJP government here.
12.41 pm: Congress shouldn't be voted at all: PM
12.39 pm: Jammu and Kashmir wants employment and development.
12.38 pm: If you want a development in Jammu and Kashmir, don't vote for a hung assembly. Elect a strong and a stable government
12.37 pm: I assure you that we the equal rights for the displaced and resettle them.
12.36 pm: It's been 60 years, now don't you think we need a change.
12: 33 pm: Need to remove those who are not working: PM
12:30 pm: Did the family (Congress) do anything for you? Do you think they will do anything for you? That's why I have come here: PM
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at a rally in Samba, Jammu and Kashmir. The PM is visiting Kashmir days after militants struck an Indian Army camp and other targets, including Srinagar on Friday.
RELATED NEWS

Watch : Paul Rosolie calls off stunt after spending 1 hour in anaconda s gripprint
Paul Rosolie speaks during an interview at the the Discovery Channel offices in New York on December 3, 2014. AFP PHOTO / Timothy A CLARY
When naturalist Paul Rosolie wanted to focus attention on the destruction of the Amazon rainforest, he decided he needed a stunt guaranteed to get people looking.
So the staunch environmentalist offered himself as dinner to an anaconda -- and was prepared to be swallowed alive, filming every moment.
But in the end, Rosolie wasn't exactly ingested by the snake, disappointing viewers who expected a journey into the belly of the deadly beast.
Instead he let the anaconda coil around him before calling the mission off, fearing he might get seriously injured. 
Anacondas, the largest snakes in the world, typically suffocate their prey before ingesting it, making Rosolie's attempt all the more dangerous.
Rosolie survived, and now people all around the world have a chance to watch his harrowing struggle with the beast, after its debut broadcast Sunday night in the United States on the Discovery Channel.
The idea came to him after a decade spent working in, and working to save, the rainforest habitat, Rosolie told AFP. 
"Everybody on Earth knows that the rainforests are disappearing and most people can tell you how important they are, but still, not enough people are paying attention, not enough people realize this is such a problem."
The American activist said he was proud to take on the adventure, even though the prospect of dying was hard to swallow.
Watch the struggle
 An hour inside
To avoid suffocating, experts crafted Rosolie a specially designed carbon fiber suit, equipped with a breathing system -- as well as with cameras and a system to communicate.
"We didn't know if this was going to work, if I was going to be eaten, but we made sure that if I did make it inside the snake, I wouldn't suffocate," Rosolie explained after the ordeal.
The next challenge was trying to find a snake in the Peruvian Amazon jungle.
"We spent 60 days out in the jungle, camping, hiking, looking through swamps every night," Rosolie said.
Eventually, they found a female snake, which at, six meters (20 feet) long, fit the bill.
"When I went up to the snake, it didn't try to eat me right away," Rosolie recounted.
"It tried to escape. And when I provoked it a little bit, and acted a little more like a predator, that's when it turned around and defended itself."
In the end, Rosolie wasn't swallowed whole by the giant serpent, but instead wrestled with the beast as she coiled around him before he aborted the mission.
As the snake wrapped around a suited-up Rosolie -- at one point opening its wide jaws on his helmet -- the daredevil said she was squeezing his arm tight, which he feared might break.
"I felt her jaw on my helmet and I could hear a gurgling and wheezing," he said, after surviving the standoff with the snake.
His team looked on worried as his breathing strained and his heart rate slowed.
He told them he was feeling light-headed and as the anaconda squeezed tight around him, he called for help.
"Guys you need to get in here... I'm calling it I need help!" he said from inside the suit, prompting the support crew to rescue an exhausted Rosolie from the anaconda's powerful grip. 
"Her crush force was fully on my exposed arm so I just started to feel the blood drain out of my hand and I felt the bone start to flex and when that got to a point when I felt like it was about to snap, I had to tap out," he said.
Viewers on social media were swift in criticizing the show's misleading title after it aired Sunday.
"'Eaten Alive' to be retitled 'Eaten Alive: Just Kidding,'" said one user.
Another tweeted: "Eaten Alive? More like Briefly Drooled On By A Snake While Alive."
Anaconda doing well
He insisted his team was careful not to harm the snake and that he was the only one in danger.
"We didn't force the snake to do anything, we didn't ask from the snake anything out of the ordinary," Rosolie said, explaining that "snakes very often regurgitate if they're eating something and a predator comes by, they have to give up their meal so they can escape," he sadi before the program was aired.
The anaconda is now doing well, he said.
But Rosolie has faced fierce criticism from animal rights groups, including from PETA, who said "the snake was tormented and suffered for the sake of ratings."
Rosolie said he even received death threats.
But he wasn't fazed, saying the shock value is important to increase attention to his cause -- even if he was not exactly eaten alive.
A fund linked to the show was set up to raise awareness and money to protect the Amazon and could also allow for more research of anacondas in their habitat.
After the US showing, the inaccurately named "Eaten Alive" will air on December 10 in Finland, Denmark, Hungary, Poland and Sweden, and two days later in Australia, before being broadcast in other countries, including China and India.
Discovery said it expect at least three million viewers in the United States and a million others around the world. 

IOC approves new easier and cheaper bidding process forOlympicsBy: Reuters | Monaco |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:45 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 4:32 pm
The International Olympic Committee on Monday voted to allow Games host cities to move competitions to other towns, cities or even countries, breaking with a long tradition of keeping the Games contained in one location.
The decision fuels speculation regarding the Pyeongchang 2018 winter Olympics, with sources telling Reuters on Saturday talks were being held to move the sliding competitions to Japan.
IOC vice-president John Coates, presenting the recommendation to IOC members, said it was driven by the need for sustainability as the Olympic Games costs need to be contained.
“The compactness of the Games has to be weighed up against the benefit of using existing venues,” the Australian said.
“These changes do contemplate different cities and countries hosting the Games, and this is for reasons of sustainability…. In the case of different countries, it would be for reasons of geography and for sustainability.”
The Russian city of Sochi spent a staggering $51 billion on staging the 2014 Winter Olympics with the future of many of the new, gleaming venues in doubt.
The price tag also scared off four of six bidders for the 2022 winter Olympics, who dropped out mid-race.
Pyeongchang’s preparations for the first Asian winter Olympics outside Japan have been hit by budget problems and delays in some venues.
Construction for the sliding track has already started but a move could save Pyeongchang tens of millions of dollars in construction as well as annual maintenance of the facility.
A source told Reuters the international luge and bobsleigh federations were already discussing with Korean Games officials a possible move of some of the competitions to Japan.
“This suggestion is out there,” one source, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Reuters. “The two federations (luge and skeleton/bobsleigh) and organisers are talking about this.”
Pyeongchang officials confirmed several options were being considered, though a potential move to Japan from South Korea, with current ties between the two Asian nations in a deep freeze, is seen as highly controversial.
“I stress this should be identified during the applicant and candidature phase, and any decision in this regard would only be granted in exceptional circumstances and by IOC on receipt of a proposal,” Coates said.
“We have to look at the cost of legacy and weigh that up against the cost of sustainability. Any change to use other cities would have to be considered, and granted, by the IOC executive board weighing up all the circumstances.”
The IOC is eager to reduce the cost of staging the Olympics, and in turn make their product more attractive to potential hosts.

GM to hike prices by up to Rs 20 000 from Ja...General Motors to hike prices by up to Rs 20,000 from January 2015
By PTI | 8 Dec, 2014, 03.49PM IST
All the eight models of the company's current product portfolio in the country, including entry level compact car Spark, will become costlier due to price hike.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: General Motors India today said it will hike prices of its entire product portfolio by up to Rs 20,000 from next month, in order to partially offset rising input costs.
All the eight models of the company's current product portfolio in the country, including entry level compact car Spark, will become costlier due to price hike.
"We have decided to increase the price of all car models to the tune of 1 per cent with effect from January 1 due to input cost pressure. The quantum ranges between Rs 5,000 to 20,000 depending upon the models and variants," General Motors India, Vice President P Balendran told PTI.
Currently, the company's Spark model is priced between Rs 3.45 lakh and Rs 4 lakh while Beat is priced between Rs 4.01 lakh and Rs 5.93 lakh. (all prices ex-showroom Delhi).
The company's Sail hatchback is priced between Rs 4.41 lakh and Rs 6.81 lakh, while Sail sedan is priced between Rs 5.19 lakh and Rs 7.64 lakh.
Multi utility vehicle Enjoy is priced between Rs 5.8 lakh and Rs 8.22 lakh while Tavera is priced between Rs 6.9 lakh and Rs 10.68 lakh.
Cruze sedan is priced between Rs 13.79 lakh and Rs 16.30 lakh while sports utility vehicle Captiva is priced between Rs 23.75 lakh and Rs 25.85 lakh.

Won t do anything detrimental to India s sec...afghanistan
(Calling India as a time tested…)
NEW DELHI: Weeks after it signed a military cooperation agreement with Pakistan, Russia today said it will never do anything "detrimental" to India's security interests and that the pact does not envisage supply of any defence equipment to that country immediately.
Calling India as a time tested ally and "closest friend", Russian Ambassador Alexander Kadakin said Russia's relations with Pakistan have "separate value" but they will not be at the expense of ties with New Delhi.
"Never ever will Russia do anything to the detriment of India's security. India is the closest friend of my country," Kadakin said addressing a press conference on the eve of Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit here from December 10.
Noting that Russia has interest in Afghanistan , the envoy said improvement in its relations with Pakistan will help influencing the country to get "desirable action".
"You (India) declared you are ready to have more dialogue, more contact to improve your relationship with Pakistan. Since we are strategic partners, why cannot Russia improve its relation with Pakistan the way India does. After all it will be easier for us to together influence it (to take) desirable action," he said.
Pakistan and Russia on November 20 had signed a military cooperation agreement to deepen their defence ties and vowed to translate their relationship in "tangible" terms. Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu had also visited Pakistan last month. The visit by a Russian Defence Minister to Pakistan came after a gap of 45 years.
India had reacted cautiously to the development saying it has noted the development.
"The frame work agreement which was signed with Pakistan does not envisage any immediate supply. It is just a framework agreement which we have with many countries," Kadakin said.
"You must rest assured that India is Russia's strategic partner and closest friend," he said, adding Pakistan had asked for helicopters but they have not been given yet.
"Russia's relations with Pakistan have their separate value. They have independent value. We also have a stake in Afghanistan," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uber banned in Delhi; driver spent time in jail for  rapeComments
A Delhi court sent on Monday an Uber taxi driver accused of raping a 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days as the state government banned the taxi booking service which came under fire for hiring the driver without background checks.
 
Police said Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32 had earlier spent nearly two years in jail from 2011 over another rape charge before being acquitted last year when the victim allegedly turned hostile and the court found contradictions in her statement.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
On Friday night, Yadav allegedly raped an executive from a Gurgaon-based finance company in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla before dropping her home, sparking outrage in the city weeks before the second anniversary of the fatal gangrape of a 23-year-old medical student in a moving bus.
Although the driver threatened to kill her if she reported the crime to police, the woman took a photo of the car's number plate before alerting the authorities.
 
Police tracked Yadav down and arrested him on Sunday from his home town Mathura,160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi, where he had fled.
'Uber misled passenger with app, flouted rules'
He refused to participate in an identification line-up after police told the court they had not yet recovered the mobile phone he used during the incident.
Meanwhile, Uber faced criticism for hiring the cab driver without the mandatory police verification. It initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com with immediate effect," said a statement by the transport department.
"The transport department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the National Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi in future."
The department also alleged Uber had flouted transport rules and "misled" the passenger with its app.
"M/s Uber also misled the commuter about the nature of the taxi service offered by the "Uber App," it said.
Special commissioner Deepak Mishra said early investigations showed GPS had not been installed in the taxi and police background checks were not conducted on the driver.
 
San Francisco-based Uber had earlier issued a statement saying its thoughts were with the young woman and it was working with the government to address the issue.
 
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States and could spell trouble across the globe for the company.
 
Anger mounted in New Delhi where a crowd of angry protesters rallied outside the home minister's residence, demanding more action by officials to ensure safety for women.
 
"The shocking incident of rape of a young woman in a cab on Friday night exposes the alarming situation about lack of women safety in the national capital," the Aam Aadmi Party said in a statement.
Uber on back foot
Uber tried to shift some of the blame on to the Delhi government for the failure to do background checks on the accused cab driver.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick issued a statement following, terming the incident horrific.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery.
"We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs. We will also partner closely with the groups who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women," the statement said.
A day after police served a notice on the firm, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (North), said, "Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we'll go for legal recourse. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case.
(With inputs from agencies)

LN Mishra murder case: All four accused heldguiltyBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:11 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 4:33 pm
A Delhi court on Monday found guilty all four accused in the murder of former Railway Minister LN Mishra at a function in Bihar nearly 40 years ago.
The quantum of punishment will be announced on December 15.
District judge Vinod Goel said Dwivedi and three other Ananda Marga group members accused in the case– Santoshananda Avadhuta, Sudevananda Avadhuta and Gopalji — had conspired to explode a bomb at the January 2, 1975 function attended by Mishra at Samastipur railway station.
Over 200 witnesses, including 161 prosecution witnesses and more than 40 defence witnesses, were examined in the case.

Bomb threat delays Jammu-Delhi Rajdhani Express  no explosivefoundBy: Press Trust of India | Chandigarh |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:08 pm
No explosive was found in Delhi-bound Rajdhani Express from Jammu that was stopped and thoroughly searched for over four hours by the Army and police at Pathankot in Punjab following an alert about the presence of a bomb inside it.
The alert was passed on to Punjab police by their J&K counterpart, following which the search operation was launched, Pathankot SSP, Rakesh Kaushal said.
“No explosive was found in the train after which it was cleared for its onward journey,” he said on Monday. The train had left Jammu Tawi railway station on its scheduled time at 7:40 PM and reached Kathua station (in J&K) late by 17 minutes as against its arrival time of 8:42 PM.
It arrived at Pathankot Cantt railway station’s platform number 1 at about 9:35 PM on Sunday and after being thoroughly searched it finally left the station at 1.57 AM after a total detention of 4.30 hours.
After its onward journey it reached Ludhiana four-and-a-half hours behind schedule and finally reached New Delhi at 8:55 AM, almost four hours late as against its scheduled arrival time of 5 AM making up 35 minutes of delay.
The SSP said that initially nearly 150 security personnel including three DSP-rank Punjab Police officers, one SP-rank officer, besides personnel drawn from the Government Railway Police (GRP) thoroughly searched the Jammu-Delhi train at Pathankot Cantt station, which is situated about 250 km from Chandigarh.
“Later on, we sought the Army’s help and they then again searched the entire train. Anti-sabotage teams searched the train, bogie by bogie.
The luggage of each and every passenger was thoroughly checked, their tickets were also checked again,” he said.
Kaushal said that while some passengers were made to disembark from the train, but not everyone was asked to get down as that would have created a panic situation.
He said that the Pathankot Police immediately swung into action after “a specific input was passed on by the DGP of J&K Police to us. We did not want to take any chances…”
Dog squad, bomb disposal squad and other equipments were pressed into service to check the train.
Notably, security forces are on alert in the wake of December 5 terror attacks carried out by the militants in Jammu and Kashmir and also in view of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the State on Monday.
Pathankot town in Punjab is located along the Punjab-J&K border.

Women battalion for security of female train passengerssoonBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:05 pm
A special women battalion of the Railway Protection Force will be raised soon for security of female train passengers, Lok Sabha was informed on Monday. Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu said during Question Hour that CCTV cameras are also being installed in trains to monitor activities of passengers while a special mobile app will be introduced soon by the Railway Ministry to facilitate women passengers to lodge instant complaints of harassments.
Prabhu said plans are afoot to introduce tourist trains on pilgrim circuits like Devi circuit, Jyotirling circuit, Jain circuit, Christian circuit, Muslim/Sufi circuit, Sikh circuit and other circuit announced in the Railway Budget 2014-15. He said the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation have operated five pilgrim special tourist trains from October 25, 2014 till today and five more trains are planned till January 12, 2015.
“IRCTC plans to continue these trains in 2015-16,” he said. The Minister said the government was ready to introduce a special tourist train connecting holy places of Sikh religion if Punjab government comes up with a proposal in this effect. Prabhu said tourism is one of the biggest job generators and to promote tourism, government would do all the needful that include running tourist special trains.
“For promotion of tourism, we want to join hands with state tourism development corporation,” he said. The Minister said Indian Railways promotes tourism by providing connectivity through trains to tourist destinations across the country. “Promotion of tourism by linking tourist places with tourist trains is a continuous process based on market demand, operational feasibility and availability of resources,” he said.

Boyhood wins big at 2014 LA Film CriticsAwardsBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:53 pm
‘Boyhood’ was a big winner at the 2014 Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards after sweeping four trophies.
The movie was awarded with the best picture, best director for Richard Linklater, best actress for Patricia Arquette and best editing for Sandra Adair at the event, reported Ace Showbiz.
Other movies which won multiple nods at the event were ‘The Grand Budapest Hotel’ and Polish film ‘Ida’.
‘The Grand Budapest Hotel’, directed by Wes Anderson, won two trophies for best screenplay and production design. ‘Ida’ also took home two trophies. It was named best foreign language film while Agata Kulesza was handed the best supporting actress gong.
Best actor trophy, meanwhile, was handed to Tom Hardy for his one-man role in ‘Locke’. He beat Michael Keaton who was critics’ favourite for his appearance in ‘Birdman’. JK Simmons won the best supporting Actor for his role as jazz instructor in ‘Whiplash’.
In documentary category, ‘Citizenfour’ which focuses on Edward Snowden’s story was awarded with best documentary. Studio Ghibli’s ‘The Tale of Princess Kaguya’ brought home best animation.

Who does the Taj Mahal belong to  wonders AsaduddinOwaisiBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:50 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 4:58 pm
Who does the Taj Mahal belong to? This question was asked by Asaduddin Owaisi (AIMIM) to Culture Minister Mahesh Sharma when he was responding to supplementary questions on museums.
When Dharmendra Yadav (SP) asked the first supplementary on museums, Owaisi, sitting next to Yadav, asked, “Who does the Taj Mahal belong to?”
The minister ignored the question asked twice and continued addressing members who were asking supplementaries.
The query came against the backdrop of UP Urban Development and Minority Affairs Minister and senior SP leader Azam Khan recently saying that the Taj Mahal should be declared a property of the state’s Waqf Board.
Khan, who is also waqf minister of the state, had said on November 13 that the Taj Mahal should be declared a waqf property and he should be given its charge.
He was speaking at a meeting of Muslim leaders in Lucknow where member of waqf boards had gathered.
In his reply, the Sharma said the National Archives of India has been receiving proposals from states and UTs for financial assistance to protect manuscripts of historical and cultural importance.
“This apart, National Mission for Manuscripts has provided funds to states for documentation and preservation of scripts,” he said.

952 CAs get job offers  average pay at Rs 7....952 CAs get job offers, average annual pay at Rs 7.28 lakh
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 04.12PM IST
Tags:
accountancy professionals
(The highest remuneration…)
NEW DELHI: In an indication of high demand for accountancy professionals , companies have recruited 952 chartered accountants with an average annual pay package of around Rs 7.28 lakh through ICAI campus placement.
The offers were made by companies during the placement programme, conducted across 19 cities, by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) in the August-October period this year.
The highest remuneration offered for domestic posting was Rs 17 lakh per annum, while highest salary stood at Rs 24 lakh per annum for an international placement.
As many as 952 chartered accountants accepted the job offers and the average CTC (Cost to Company) offered was about Rs 7.28 lakhs per annum, ICAI said in a statement today.
Reliance Industries , Tata Consultancy Services , Federal Bank , ITC , ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, Cairn India, Coca Cola India, L&T, Marriot Hotel, Jindal Steel and Power, Wipro, Bharat Petroleum Corporation, Engineers India and GAIL India were among the recruiters that participated in the campus placement programme.
"The government is undertaking several initiatives in key sectors and financial inclusion is going to be a key growth area. Accountancy is one of the most significant segments of the rapidly expanding economy," ICAI President K Raghu said.
"It is seen that the CAs are in great demand not only in the traditional sectors like banking, financial services or manufacturing but even in the new generation sectors like the IT, ITS, telecom, Risk and Assurance Services, Infrastructure and Retail," Raghu added.
Of the total 952 candidates, the maximum number of candidates (336) were offered an annual salary package in the range of Rs 6-7.50 lakh.
As many as 246 students would receive a renumeration of Rs 5-6 lakh, while 201 were offered a package of above Rs 9 lakh per annum.
Besides, 135 candidates were offered Rs 7.50 - 9 lakh in annual salary, 21 would get Rs 4 - 5 lakh and 13 would earn Rs 3-4 lakh per year.
"Chartered Accountants today are technically equipped to act as management consultants and play a vital role in assisting business and industry to improve the use of their resources, increase their efficiency and achieve their objectives," Raghu noted.
ICAI organises campus placement programmes for newly qualified chartered accountants twice a year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Novelty needed to fire-up employees  brains: Murali DoraiswamyE-mail
MindRush 2014, the annual business conclave conducted by Business Today saw some of the best minds talking about different aspects of business, management and leadership qualities. P Murali Doraiswamy, Professor & Director, Mental Fitness Lab at Duke University, was one of them, who spoke in the session Ignition Lab II and discussed how to'Spark your Grey Cells to do more for you!'.

Gionee ELIFE S5.1 review: Lot of style  but this is a mid-range phoneWritten by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:11 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 5:39 pm
In the past year or so Gionee has made a reasonable impact on the Indian smartphone market. After it launched the Elife E7, it shocked the world by bringing in the the Elife S 5.5, the thinnest phone in the world. Now, the Chinese company has shaved a few more millimetres and introduced the Elife S5.1, which is again the thinnest in the world at the moment, at almost a centimeter thinner than the iPhone 6. But is it just a gimmick or is there more to this phone?
Picture gallery:
Check out the Gionee Elife S5.1, the world’s slimmest smartphone
Specs: 4.8-inch (720x1280p, ~306 ppi) AMOLED capacitive touchscreen | Mediatek MT6592 octa-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A7 processor | 1GB RAM | 16GB storage with no external card slot | 8MP rear camera; 5MP front camera  Li-Ion 2050 mAh battery | Color OS based on Android KitKat OS
Price: Rs  18,999
Design: At first look, also in second and subsequent looks, this phone looks like the iPhone 5S… but an anorexic iPhone 5S at that. Yes, this phone is thinner than we imagine phones to be, any thinner and you could use it in an ATM. In fact, like the iPhone 6, you forget after a point that the phone is there in your pocket. That could be dangerous at times. Except for the champagne gold feel the design has nothing new. The volume and power keys are on the left edge and that takes some getting used to. Also, being so thin there is no slot for an SD card. Thankfully, the audio jack is there right next to the micro-USB port. Incidentally, in the box there is a USB adapter, just in case you want to get some storage support.
Check out the Gionee Elife S5.1, the world’s slimmest smartphone
Display: The display is decent and works well even in bright sunlight. But it is only HD and not 1080p. That is by no means a negative point though.
Performance: The S5.1 is a stylish phone, but it is not a premium phone when it comes to specs. If you are one of those who want to unleash the power of Android then this is not the phone for you. You just need to look at the 1GB RAM to make that call. But that does not mean this phone lacks when it comes to performance. An average users will have no problems using this phone for multi-tasking and all other heavy duty stuff like gaming and multi-tab browsing.
Check out the Gionee Elife S5.1, the world’s slimmest smartphone
Software: Gionee does not run pure Android, so for those making a switch there is some adjusting required. It is not a big deal, but there are those who don’t like the Amigo OS much. So make sure you know what you are getting into.
Camera: I tested the phone during a rather small family holiday in Singapore. As this phone has a local SIM in it, I used it for Instagram and the results were quite good. It is not a stunning camera, but it is quite good for the kind of people who might end up buying this phone.
I am looking at those who will have a lot of selfie pouts and food snaps. The S5.1 will not disappoint them. The camera is fast and the focus quick… that should do.
Check out the Gionee Elife S5.1, the world’s slimmest smartphone
Storage: This could be an issue for some users as the phone does not have external storage support. Use your 11.5GB wisely or you will end up using the USB adapter a lot.
Battery: Start a day with full charge and the battery should be good enough to see you through till 8 pm at least with regular use. I used it for the long trips to the Singapore Zoo and Jurong bird park and came back with enough charge to step out for dinner too.
Verdict: If you are looking for a stylish phone, one that get some heads to turn at parties and in restaurants, then the Gionee ELIFE S5.1 is a good option. But this is not a premium phone when it comes to specs and overall performance. It is just a mid-range phone that looks like a premium one.

Celebrating the Express I.T. Awards  2014 #ExpressITAwardsPrint
Gathered in Bengaluru’s software hub to listen to the experts and to celebrate excellence and innovation in technology are the country’s tech fraternity. (In picture: Anant Goenka, Wholetime Director and Head - New Media, The Indian Express Limited at extreme right.)
Bengaluru |
Posted: December 5, 2014 8:14 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 10:26 pm
The Financial Express felicitated those whose exemplary performance is an inspiration to most at the ‘Express IT Awards’ held in Bengaluru today. Judged by an eminent jury of experts, the awards recognised and rewarded both, companies at the cutting edge of technology innovation and leading professionals across the IT industry.
Gathered in the city’s software hub to listen to the experts and to celebrate excellence and innovation in technology was the country’s tech fraternity to raise a toast to the winners of the second Express I.T. Awards — instituted by the Indian Express Group — who have been chosen by an eminent jury.
Subramanian Ramadorai, former vice-chairman, TCS, was honoured for his outstanding contribution to the IT industry with the Lifetime Achievement award.
 
TCS veteran Subramanian Ramadorai (C) standing next to Anant Goenka, Wholetime Director and Head – New Media, The Indian Express Limited with some of the other awardees at the Express I.T. Awards.
This time around, the Newsmaker of the Year is Francisco D’Souza, CEO of Cognizant, who takes home the award for steering his firm in a landmark year that saw it scale newer heights with a $2.7-billion acquisition.
The awards, across seven categories, showcase the most innovative and scalable IT solutions across the most relevant fields namely, IT Innovation, IT Biz, Mobility Solutions, Analytics Solutions, Cloud Solutions, IT Entrepreneurship and Green Technologies.
The jury comprised Som Mittal, former Nasscom president, TV Mohandas Pai, chairman, Manipal Global Education, Google India’s Anandan, and S Sadagopan, director, IIT, Bengaluru. PwC provided knowledge support for the awards.
Find out as it happens:
feonline | The Financial Express

Army chief arrives in valley  says terrorist  attack desperate attempt to disrupt electionsBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:53 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 5:09 pm
Army Chief General Dalbir Singh Suhag on Saturday said the attack on Uri camp in north Kashmir’s Baramulla district was a desperate attempt by militants to disrupt the democratic process in the state.
“It appears a desperate attempt to disrupt the third phase of elections. I assure the nation that these elements will not be allowed to succeed in disrupting the democratic process,” he told reporters here.
Gen Dalbir Singh, who arrived here on Saturday morning, also paid tributes to the slain security force personnel by laying wreaths on their coffins at a sombre ceremony at Badamibagh Cantonment here.
He paid tributes to the slain soldiers, which included an officer of the Lt Colonel rank, saying their sacrifice will not go waste.
“I salute the brave soldiers who laid down their lives in the line of duty. Their sacrifice will not go waste. In fact, it will inspire each of us,” he added.
The Army chief reviewed the security situation in the state in the wake of the Uri attack that left 11 security force personnel dead, and other militancy-related incidents that saw two Lashkar-e-Toiba militants getting killed in an encounter in Srinagar while two civilians also lost their lives in a grenade blast in Tral town of south Kashmir.
The Army chief was brief by the top army officers of the Chinar Corps about the counter-insurgency and counter- infiltration measures in place.

4 EU countries suspend 25 drug studies at GVK BioUpdated: December 7, 2014 00:30 IST
4 EU countries suspend 25 drug studies at GVK Bio
PTI
company information
Four European countries have decided to suspend marketing authorisations of 25 drugs, which had undergone studies/tests at the GVK Biosciences facility here before they were introduced.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) said in a statement that it was reviewing findings of non-compliance with good clinical practise at
the GVK facility and determining its impact on medicines authorised on the basis of studies performed there.
Germany, France, Luxembourg and Belgium have already decided to suspend marketing authorisations of these drugs.
“EMA will issue a recommendation on whether the marketing authorisations of the concerned medicines should be maintained, varied, suspended or withdrawn across the EU. The recommendation is expected in January,” the regulator said.
When contacted, the GVK Bio spokesperson refused to comment, saying the news was not communicated to the company.

The Big Picture: A new home for Indrajithpicture  others
The Big Picture: A new home for Indrajith
After 12 years of living among humans, the 14-year-old elephant is being sent back to the forests. For now, he is at Konni, a camp in south Kerala, where he will learn to undo old bonds and pick up new skills — showering in the river, foraging for food and making friends. (Source: Express Photo by Leju Kamal)
At the Konni camp, Indrajith has seven other elephants for company, with an aluminum roof open shelter for each of them. (Source: Express Photo by Leju Kamal)
Every morning, Kumar would give Indrajith a bath and feed him rice flakes mixed with banana. By 10 am, the mahout and his elephant would go out for a morning walk, stopping at temples along the way. (Source: Express Photo by Leju Kamal)
On August 13 this year, the forest department issued an order expressing its willingness to accept the elephant and asked for it to be housed at the camp in Konni. So on November 21, Indrajith left Raghulal’s house at Peringottukara in Thrissur and enrolled as the newest member of the Konni camp. (Source: Express Photo by Leju Kamal)
Back from the walk, Indrajith would munch on some fresh grass and and later rice. In the evening, after another wash, it would be time for dinner. All this kept Kumar busy. But now, with Indrajith gone, Kumar has little to fill his days and lapses easily into nostalgia. (Source: Express Photo by Leju Kamal)
Related

Infosys falls on founders cutting $1.1 bn stakeInfosys stock falls on founders cutting $1.1 bn stake
Anuradha Subramanyan at IFR     Hong Kong   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 16:42 IST
Four of the founders of Infosys are seeking to raise about $1.1 billion by selling stakes in the Indian IT outsourcing company, IFR reported on Monday.
The founders are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close, the report said.
The Infosys stock closed 4.88 per cent lower at Rs 1,968, a loss of 101 points on the BSE.
 
Deutsche Bank is the sole book runner and the books were covered just after the launch, IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication said.
Infosys executives were not immediately available outside regular business hours.
($1 = 61.8830 Indian rupees)

Sensex falls 77 points in early trade on profit-bookingSensex, Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 weeks; Infosys down 5%
PTI  Mumbai, December 08, 2014
First Published: 10:17 IST(8/12/2014) | Last Updated: 17:33 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
Indian markets logged their worst single-session drop in eight weeks Monday with Sensex plunging about 339 points and Nifty slipping 100 points on losses in Infosys, where co-founders sold $1 billion worth shares, and other bluechips like TCS, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank.
 
M&M, Sesa Sterlite, Dr Reddys, Hindalco and Tata Steel counters dropped in 2-4% range. L&T, RIL and Tata Motors were also under pressure.
 
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell to touch the day's low of 28,097.12 following fall in recent outperformers like HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank. However, the index attempted to rebound as it touched the session's high of 28,494.85 on value buying.
 
Participants, however, later again resorted to selling, spread over a broad front. Sensex settled the day at 28119.40, down 338.70 points, or 1.19%. On Friday, it had slipped 104.72 points on profit-selling. This 338.7-point drop is its worst since October 16 when it fell 349.99 points.
 
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty dipped below the key 8,500-mark by tumbling 100.05 points, or 1.17%, to close, at 8,438.25. Intra-day, it traded in a range between 8,432.25 and 8,546.35. This was also its worst drop since October 16 (fall of 115.80 points).
 
"The decline was led by the IT counters as sentiments got a hit after some of the founders of IT major Infosys decided to sell $1.1 billion shares. Further, profit booking in capital goods, consumer durables and banking stocks also pushed the benchmark in red," said Jayant Manglik, president-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
 
Infosys counter fell 4.88%, the worst performer in Sensex. TCS tumbled 2.51% and Wipro shed 1.62% in line with weak trend in IT shares.
 
Shares of metal companies, including Sesa, Hindalco and Tata Steel, faced selling after weak Chinese trade data.
 
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 3.18%, followed by Teck 2.58%, Realty 1.80%, Capital Goods 1.72% and Consumer Durables 1.41%. Overall, 11 of the 12 sectoral indices ended in red.
 
Pressure was also seen in smaller stocks. BSE Small cap index ended 0.87% down while the Mid-cap index shed as much as 1.22%.
 
Global cues were mixed with Asian bourses ending higher and Europe was down in its opening trades.
 

Phillip Hughes named 13th man of Australian squadPhillip Hughes named 13th man of Australian squad
PTI
print
In a touching tribute to the late Phillip Hughes, Cricket Australia on Monday named him the 13th man of the national squad for the opening Test against India and promised a range of tributes to honour his memory in what is likely to be an emotional match starting in Adelaide on Tuesday.
Hughes passed away last month after being hit by a bouncer at the back of his skull during a domestic game. His death stunned the cricket world and left the national team distraught.
Skipper Michael Clarke, who considered Hughes his little brother, broke down publicly while paying his tributes to the batsman and has been under tremendous emotional stress owing to the tragedy.
To honour the young batsman's memory, the Australian team will wear his Test cap number, 408, on their shirts and a range of tributes are being planned around his final score of 63 not out.
Australia's governor-general Sir Peter Cosgrove praised the side for holding up under Clarke's "outstanding" leadership.
Cosgrove addressed the team in Adelaide and told the players that "for this Test team, there will always be a 13th man (Hughes) by your side".
Besides, Cricket Australia has planned a video tribute to Hughes, narrated by Richie Benaud, which would be played at the Adelaide Oval big screen.
Players and fans have been requested to give a 63-second applause instead of a minute's silence observed traditionally in the face of a tragedy.
"With the international season re-commencing on Tuesday, it is appropriate to pause once more and honour a modest hero who thrilled the nation and, in so doing, won an enduring place in our hearts," Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland was quoted as saying by 'The Sydney Morning Herald'.
"We hope that the cricket community can come together to join the Australian and Indian teams in the pre-match tribute. This is an opportunity for those that embraced him so fondly to say goodbye.
"We hope that followers of the game will make their way to Adelaide Oval to pay tribute to Phillip and support the Australian team at a difficult time," he added.
Apart from this, Australian actor Jack Thompson will read out a poem - 63 not out - in another video tribute to Hughes. The poem has been written by cricket.com.au's deputy news editor Adam Burnett.

After two flops in 2014  Parineeti Chopra hopes 2015 is  betterBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 11:53 am
Of Parineeti Chopra’s three releases this year, two bombed at the box office. However, the actress says ups and downs are part of everyone’s life and she hopes the new year will be better for her.
In all of her three releases this year — “Hasee Toh Phasee”, “Daawat-e-Ishq” and “Kill Dil” — the 26-year-old played different characters.
While “Hasee Toh Phasee” showed her in a quirky character of a mad scientist, in “Daawat-e-Ishq” and “Kill Dil”, she was seen as a con girl and a bar dancer respectively. Out of these, only “Hasee Toh Phasee” had a fair box office performance.
“Year 2014 had many ups and downs for me in everything — be it my personal life or professional, but I think that is what an actor’s life is,” Parineeti said here in an interview.
“You never get a consistent year every time. Sometimes it is good and sometimes it is not, and I think I was somewhere in the middle. But that’s okay,” she added.
Now the actress has pulled up her socks for next year and says “2015 will be better”.
As of now, Parineeti has not taken on any new project and she is busy reading scripts.

Sonakshi Sinha doesn t want her southern film career to end with  LingaaBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 11:58 am
Actress Sonakshi Sinha, who feels southern movies are “content-rich”, says her forthcoming Tamil cinematic debut “Lingaa” won’t be a one-off film in her career as she’s keen to find more work in the industry.
“I would love to do more projects (down south) provided I get good scripts,” Sonakshi told IANS in an interview.
“The southern film industries are rich in content, which is why so many of their films get remade here (in Bollywood). I definitely don’t want (my southern film career) to end with ‘Lingaa’,” she said.
Sonakshi may be a newcomer to the southern filmdom, but she has already developed a sort of relationship with the industry by starring in five Hindi remakes of south hits – “Dabanng”, “Rowdy Rathore”, “Son of Sardaar”, “Holiday: A Soldier Is Never Off Duty” and upcoming “Tevar”.
Also, four of her films so far have been with southern filmmakers A.R. Murugadoss and Prabhudeva.
Therefore, working in “Lingaa” wasn’t any different for her, except the language.
“After working in so many southern remakes, I think I’ve developed a sense of familiarity with the way things function here. The only new challenge was to speak a language I don’t speak or understand and look convincing doing it,” she added.
“Lingaa”, which releases in cinemas Friday, wasn’t the first Tamil project Sonakshi was offered. In fact, she was offered films in Telugu and Kannada in the past.
“I wasn’t able to take up those offers because of my commitments in Bollywood. Just like how ‘Dabangg’ was an offer I couldn’t refuse, even though I never wanted to be an actress, so was ‘Lingaa’,” she said.
She admits Rajinikanth was a “driving force” in her decision to act in “Lingaa”.
“It was an honour to share screen space with a living legend like him,” she said.
Sonakshi wasn’t floored by the superstar status of 62-year old Rajinikanth.
“I was stunned by his simplicity and humble nature. He is a wonderful human being and truly a rare gem of a person,” she said.
But did it ever concern her that she was paired with a hero who’s in his sixties?
“It did cross my mind, but the role was such that it would not put either of us in an awkward situation,” she said, and added that since Rajinikanth and her father Shatrughan Sinha have been friends for many years, steps were taken to ensure nothing ever made her uncomfortable.
In “Lingaa”, which is directed by K.S. Ravi Kumar, Sonakshi plays a character in the 1940s. She clarifies that the role won’t be similar to the one she essayed in Hindi period romance “Lootera”.
“I played a Bengali in ‘Lootera’, which was an intense love story. In this film, I play a south Indian in a patriotic zone,” she said.
The most fascinating part of her role, Sonakshi continued…

Brain scan after mild stroke can predict future riskBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Toronto |
Posted: December 8, 2014 11:52 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 11:54 am
A brain scan within 24 hours of a mild, non-disabling stroke, can predict when patients will be at the highest risk of another stroke or when symptoms may worsen, says a study.
Like stroke, a transient ischemic attack (TIA) is caused by restricted blood supply to the brain. Symptoms may last only a few minutes.
“All patients should get a CT scan of their brain after a TIA or non-disabling stroke,” said the study’s co-senior author Jeffrey Perry, an associate professor of emergency medicine at the University of Ottawa in Canada.
“Images can help healthcare professionals identify patterns of damage associated with different levels of risk for a subsequent stroke or help predict when symptoms may get worse,” Perry added.
For the study, the researchers tracked more than 2,028 patients who received CT scans within 24 hours of a TIA. The scans revealed that 40 percent of them had brain damage due to impaired circulation (ischemia).
Compared to patients without ischemia, the probability of another stroke occurring within 90 days of the initial episode was 2.6 times greater if the CT image revealed newly damaged tissue due to poor circulation (acute ischemia).
The researchers found that higher the damage to the brain, greater was the risk of another stroke within 90 days, making the scans a useful prediction tool.
The study appeared in the journal Stroke.

70 Ethiopian migrants drown in shipwreck off Yemen coast: govtBy: Press Trust of India | Sanaa |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:34 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 1:41 pm
Seventy Ethiopian migrants have drowned after their boat sank near the entrance to the Red Sea off the coast of Yemen, the Yemeni Interior Ministry said. The boat capsized in bad weather off the port city of Al-Makha, near the Strait of Bab el-Mandeb, the ministry said in a statement posted on its website yesterday. It did not clarify when the boat sank.
“All those who were on board died,” the statement said, adding that all were from Ethiopia. Thousands of people fleeing troubled countries in the Horn of Africa try to reach Yemen every year in the hope of making their way on to Saudi Arabia and the Gulf. On May 31, 60 migrants from Ethiopia and Somalia along with two Yemeni crew members drowned in the worst such tragedy off the coast of Yemen this year, according to the UNHCR.
In the past five years, more than 500,000 people – mostly Eritreans, Ethiopians and Somalis – have reached Yemen via the Gulf of Aden and the Red Sea following treacherous journeys on vessels that are often overloaded. The country is home to up to two million migrants, mostly illegals who entered from other countries of the Arabian Peninsula, according to unofficial estimates commonly cited by experts and humanitarian organisations.
In October, the UN’s refugee agency said the number of migrants and asylum seekers from the region losing their lives in an attempt to reach Yemen in 2014 was the highest in years, exceeding the combined total for 2011, 2012 and 2013. Yemen is the only country in the Arabian Peninsula that is signatory to two international accords dating back to 1951 and 1967 governing the protection of refugees.
It currently hosts 246,000 refugees, of whom more than 230,000 are from Somalia and a smaller number from Ethiopia, Eritrea, Iraq and Syria, according to UNHCR figures.

Share sale by Infy founders may see Murthy  Nilekani come together for philanthropyShare sale by Infosys founders could see Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani come together for philanthropy
Varun Sood & Jochelle Mendonca, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 01.54PM IST
Tags:
Infosys
(Narayana Murthy and Nandan…)
BANGALORE/MUMBAI: The co-founders of Infosys have sold about 33 million shares for about Rs 6,500 crores, in a move that could see them coming together to set up a philanthropic venture.
Narayana Murthy and Nandan Nilekani sold about 12.0 million shares, according to Deutsche Bank, which was the book-running agent on the sale. K Dinesh sold about 6.2 million shares. K Shibulal sold 2.4 million shares.
"At this point we do not have any such plans (to come together to form a philanthropic venture). But in the past, like in the case of Infosys foundation and several other activities, we have participated together. It always a pleasure to work with these wonderful colleagues," Narayana Murthy, co-founder of Infosys, told ET.
Murthy added that they were looking at 'various interesting opportunities and ideas to add value to the country' but that it would be premature to comment at this point.
Nandan Nilekani said the sale was not a signal of the founders' faith in the company.
"We have sold a part of our stake for personal reasons and to continue our philanthropic efforts. Even after this sale our family continues to be one of the largest retail shareholders. We have great confidence in the future of Infosys and its leadership team," Nilekani told ET.
Shares of Infosys dropped 5% on news of the share divestment, but analysts say that the move is an over-reaction.
"A share sale by these guys should not be looked at as a negative as they are not financial investors. They are looking at selling for their own purposes, which could see them coming together for a philanthropic venture," a Mumbai-based analyst, at a foreign brokerage, said.
In October, the Infosys founders informed the company that they wish to be considered as investors and not promoters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amendments needed to milk  Make in India : IndustryBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The captains of home care, personal care and chemical industry feel that government’s ‘Make In India’ initiative will propel industrial growth, but to make it more impactful, certain industry specific amendments are needed at the earliest.
“The single window system for all the clearances should be in place which should also include the environment clearance. This is a hurdle which all the chemical factories are facing,” said B K Gaikwad, Vice Chairman, Chemexcil (Chemicals, Pharmaceuticals and Cosmetics Export Promotion Board).
Also, government should ensure that products made in SEZs should be covered par with FTAs, he said.
“The products produced in these (SEZ) zones when sold in the domestic market, will attract the standard duty. This is in contrast to the fact that India has Free Trade Agreements (FTAs) with several countries where the duty is low or almost zero, he said.
Gaikwad was speaking on the sidelines of ongoing International Conference on Soaps, Detergents and Cosmetics (ICSDC) organised by Indian Home and Personal Care Industry Association (IHPCIA) in association with The American Oil Chemists Society.
He said that Make in India and Swacch Bharat initiatives are going to have tremendous impact on the Home and Personal Care (HPC) industry.
Firstly, when we talk of `Swacch Bharat’, it does not necessary means cleaning with brooms. It also means maintaining hygiene. With this initiative there is exponential potential for the growth. Per capita consumption of these products is going to go up,he said.
Another industry expert Sanjay Trivedi said that home care industry is growing at the rate of 10-11 per cent till now and personal care is between 18-20 per cent.
He, however, said that per capita of home care is around four kg, which is about 20 per cent to that of developed country, while for personal care products, the consumption is smaller around one kg per capita.
Nadir B Godrej, Managing Director, Godrej Industries Ltd said that personal and home care industry is very large in China where per capita is much more than India.
“India is generally 10-12 years behind China in this segment. So you can see the very explosive growth happening in the years to come. This is very globalised industry.. there are very large multinationals operating in india, there are several Indian companies which have become multinationals over last 5-6 years,” he said.
TAGS: Make In India
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Balance of trade not in India s favour: Sith...ASEAN
("Our trade balance is not…)
NEW DELHI: Even as it expressed concern over the general adverse balance of trade position, the government today said it is committed to enhancing trade engagement by diversifying to markets in Africa, ASEAN and Latin America which offer immense opportunities.
"Our trade balance is not really in favour. Simply put, we seem to be importing a lot more than we export," Commerce & Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said.
The Minister was here to unveil the Indian Trade Portal, aimed at providing MFN and preferential tariff rules, rules of origin and identifying technical barriers to trade faced by exporters, on a single platform for ease of doing business.
Trade is now governed by the rules agreed upon under the WTO under which members are required to accord the Most Favoured Nation (MFN) status to each other which translates into the privilege of paying similar tariffs, she said.
The Minister said she has identified exports as one of the most important sectors to boost the country's economy, while urging exporters and importers to make best use of the website.
She said they could give continuous feedback for further improvement and additional details that they may need.
"For 2013-14 our trade total was $314.40 billion while we have set for ourselves for 2014-15 a $340 billion target. We need to have a lot more information to be shared among our exporters for them to handle the market better".
"We seem to be sharing only 1.7 per cent of all exports that took place in the international trade putting us at the 19th place. Considering the size of our country, the potential that it has, 1.7 per cent is just nothing of the total exports which happen," Sitharaman said.
The Minister suggested that the portal should attract non-exporting manufacturers to draw them towards the export market.
"The Indian Trade Portal will make available important data for use of exporters & importers at one place, in a user friendly manner and this will contribute to ease of doing business for trade & industry. Consequently the portal facilitates our exports and will also help our exporters to utilise the FTAs," Sitharaman said.
As per the current rankings, India is the 19th largest exporter with a share of 1.7 per cent and 12th largest importer with a share of 2.5 per cent of world merchandise trade.
Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher highlighted the need for better utilisation of India's free trade agreements (FTAs) and said studies have shown that these were not detrimental to overall trade.
"It is also important that we utilise our FTAs in a significant manner. In our exercise in the past 2-3 years, we have clearly seen that the industry has perceived FTAs to be some sort of villain".
"In detailed analysis that we have done on the subject we have clearly found that it is not the case. The case in fact is that we have not utilised these FTAs enough to be able to criticise them or to appreciate them," Kher said. PTI RSN
FEATURED ARTICLES

Five things to know about fiscal deficit | E...Five things you must know about fiscal deficit
Dec 8, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
(Fiscal deficit is the amount…)
Here are five things you must know about fiscal deficit:
1. Fiscal deficit is the amount by which the central government receipts, excluding borrowings, fall short of expenditure. It is usually represented as a per cent of the GDP.
2. The deficit arising from a high capital expenditure can lead to revenues in the future. A revenue deficit, where even routine expenses cannot be fully met, is undesirable.
3. A fiscal deficit of 2-3% of the GDP is considered reasonable, while 5-6% of the GDP is considered to be high.
4. The government finances the fiscal deficit by borrowing from the market through issue of treasury bills and government securities.
5. Some governments recklessly print money, while others succeed in borrowing internationally to fund the deficit.
The content on this page is courtesy Centre for Investment Education and Learning (CIEL). Contributions by Girija Gadre, Arti Bhargava and Labdhi Mehta.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex ends 338 points down; seen slipping 5% more in December; top stocks to bet onYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex ends 338 points down; seen slipping 5% more in December; top stocks to bet on
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 03.36PM IST
Tags:
ACC Ltd.
(Sensex plunged as much as…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex plunged as much as 361 points in trade on Monday, led by sharp losses seen in Infosys, TCS, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and L&T.
The Indian markets underperformed other Asian peers as profit booking extended for the second straight session in a row. The 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8500 and also broke below its 20-DMA placed at 8452 levels.
According to experts, the markets are likely to witness some bit of profit booking and may fall as much as 5 per cent in the rest of the month, but the overall trend still remains intact and investors can look at accumulating stocks at lower levels.
"My firm view is that there should be another 5 per cent correction in the boarder indices that should continue till January end. We rose the highest among many comparable markets and therefore I firmly believe that the profit booking should continue from the institutional, particularly the FIIs," says G Chokkalingam, Founder, Equinomics Research & Advisory Pvt Ltd.
"I suggest investors should hold on to cash, at least 5% to 10% of the equity portfolio. Two, they should definitely sell stocks which are overvalued," he adds.
The BSE Sensex finally closed 338.70 points lower at 28,119.40. It hit a low of 28,097.12 and a high of 28494.85 in trade today. The 50-share Nifty index closed below its crucial psychological support level of 8500 at 8,438.25.
Another factor highlighted by experts is the fact that December is generally seen as a slow month given the fact that most of the key events are already over. There is not much on domestic or global front which will aide trading activity.
"There will be lower activity in December, but it's also the time when price magnification appears more amplified. Also, considering the fact that it is a quarter for many managers to print their NAVs, I do not think December should close at a lower Nifty level than what we saw in November," says Vineet Bhatnagar, MD, PhillipCapital.
"However, at the same time, I also think that the Nifty looks very tightly range-bound. If you look at the way the F&O distribution is panning out, you will see that calls are concentrated at 8600-8700. So, it is a very tight range that we are looking at," he adds.
We have collated a list of stocks and sectors which are looking attractive for the month of December:
Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
Delta Corp: Delta Corp is in a short-term sideways trend. As the stock is trading above its Rs 200 DMA and sustaining above the support level of 75, it is likely to experience fresh buying with the crossing of next resistance mark of 105. One may expect the targets of 135-150 in the stock with the strict stop loss of 75.
Tornt Power: The stock is in a correction phase, but after giving breakout of reversal pattern it is managing to sustain above the neckline of the pattern. It is likely to show recovery in near term with the crossing of the level of 174. Support is at 146. One can expect the targets of 205-210 in the stock with the strict stop loss of 146.
Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services
I believe that banking, autos and infra would remain in focus during the month. These are the segments which are recovering and likely to report strong growth going forward. However, valuation in a few companies is running ahead of the fundamentals.
 
G Chokkalingam, Founder, Equinomics Research & Advisory Pvt Ltd
Defensive stocks should do well, but many stocks in consumer staple also trade at huge valuations. There are some names whose turnover is less than Rs 1000 crore compared to Rs 9000 crore of profit from ITC. They trade 1000 bps premium to stock like ITC. So it is very difficult to dig out good names in defensives.
Still, I would go with names like ITC. I firmly believe that if the valuation gap comes down and with economic recovery, their hotel business also should start improving the profits. So among all defensives I would go very strongly on ITC with a target price of around 440.
Vineet Bhatnagar, MD, PhillipCapital
The auto sector has been consolidating for some time now. A lot of cement names have also moved up quite rapidly in between August and October period. Going forward, there is going to be a breakout in the cement sector again and we like UltraTech which is the front runner. We also like ACC. So these are the two names that we are happily looking at from the long side.
We like Bank of India in the midcap space and we have put out buy calls on City Union Bank, Federal Bank, Lakshmi Vilas Bank, and Karnataka Bank. But all of them have moved quite sharply. So I will rather not repeat the names again because those trades have run their course. ITC is going to give a breakout even from here. It is moving towards 430.
Anup Maheshwari, EVP and Head-Equities, DSP BlackRock Investment Managers
After four or five years of the economy slowing down, we are reaching trough, we will see a pickup, it is a slow pickup, it is not a very sharp pickup clearly. But as interest rates go down, there tends to be a positive effect on a lot of balance sheets that are more cyclical in nature and as the economy picks up, hopefully we will see some positive effect there and generally valuations are still reasonably low in many cases.
We have always had a soft spot for the pharma sector in our portfolios in the sense that it is one of the best-performing shareholder value creating sectors in the long term. There is no question about it. We are underweight at this point in time for the simple reason that we again see valuations a little stretched.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kashmiri youth want Android phones not AK-47s: PM ModiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday requested voters in the Muslim-majority Kashmir Valley to give the BJP a chance and drew on the army indicting nine soldiers for the Budgam shooting to illustrate his intentions to create peace and development in the strife-torn state.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses an election campaign rally at Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar. (PTI photo)
He gave credit to his government for the indictment of soldiers involved in the death of a youth after they fired at a car during a routine check in Budgam on November 3.
The PM said at his maiden poll rally in Srinagar “it was Modi sarkar ka kamaal (his government’s feat)” that the army had accepted its mistake for the first time in 30 years.
J-K, J'khand assembly polls third round voting today
Modi invoked Atal Bihari Vajpayee to share the pain of Kashmiris but avoided any mention of niggling topics such as removal of Article 370 that guarantees the state a unique status, nor did he launch a tirade against Pakistan even in the backdrop of militants stepping up violence that killed 20 people on Friday.
He told a sizeable audience at Sher-i-Kashmir cricket stadium, where Vajpayee had addressed thousands of Kashmiris in 2003, to throw out dynastic politics from the state.
“What have you seen in Kashmir over the past 30 years? Either it was a Congress government or a father-son (National Conference) government or a father-daughter (Peoples Democratic Party) government. You have seen all three types of government. Get rid of all three of them for once and give me one chance to serve you,” said the PM clad in a traditional Kashmiri pheran (cloak).
At his second rally of the day in Samba, after his first stop in Jammu, Modi applauded the people for the high voter turnout in the first two poll phases despite separatists calling a boycott to the democratic process. “The finger on an EVM is more powerful than the one on the trigger of an AK-47.”
He said the time has come to make a misled youth wielding an AK-47 rifle yearn for an android phone rather than a gun in his hand.
In Jammu, wearing a Dogri headgear he touched a raw nerve when he laced his speech with Hindu-majority region’s pet peeve that Srinagar seldom cares for it.
The feeling of discrimination with the Jammu region has strong takers in 19 of 23 seats going to polls in the last two phases. The BJP’s attempt to wrest power in the state hinges on these seats.
But the Srinagar rally was his showpiece as he pledged to carry forward Vajpayee’s dream for Jammu and Kashmir but chose not to go into detail about his stand on dialogue with separatists and Pakistan that the former PM had initiated.
He said the biggest problem the state is saddled with is corruption because the Rs. 2500 crore released for relief and rehabilitation after this year’s devastating floods in Srinagar and other parts of the state didn’t reach those who needed it the most. “People told me to transfer funds directly to their accounts and not through the state government.
It shows how much faith people have in their government,” he said, taking potshot at chief minister Omar Abdullah’s National Conference (NC) government.
Rivals unimpressed
The Congress termed Modi's rally unimpressive, while the People's Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling NC accused the Prime Minister of playing politics with flood victims.
"The BJP government in New Delhi has discriminated against the flood victims in Kashmir for political reasons and has made them suffer so that they could be exploited for political dividends," chief minister Abdullah alleged in his speech during poll rallies in south Kashmir's Anantnag district.
"Till today, New Delhi has not taken a call on the relief and rehabilitation package submitted by the state government."
Referring to the Prime Minister's relief package, PDP patron Mufti Muhammad Sayeed said, "By harping on the meagre Rs. 1,000-crore package, we are only compromising the dignity of the people of Jammu and Kashmir who are not seeking any doles but want to be treated at par with the citizens of any other part of the country."
J-K Pradesh Congress Committee chief Saifuddin Soz said, "After a great fanfare, Modi's rally turned out to be highly unimpressive, with reports of 2,500 people turning up."
(With inputs from Vikram Sharma in Samba)

Acer back in smartphone game with Liquid Jade and LiquidE700Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:15 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:43 am
Acer is back with its smartphone portfolio in India, launching two budget phones exclusively on snapdeal.com. The company, popular for its computing devices, has launched the premium looking Liquid Jade and value for money Liquid E700 smartphones priced Rs 11,999 and Rs 16,999 respectively.
Allen Burnes, Acer Group’s Vice-President Smart Phones Business, said while the Liquid Jade will appeal to the elegant, beauty conscious and highly social user, the Liquid E700 is more suited to the business traveller who want to remain  connected round the clock.
The Acer Liquid Jade features a curved ergonomic body with a 5-inch HD Gorilla Glass 3 display. It runs Android 4.4 and has a 13 MP main camera with 0.3 second focus and F1.8 aperture. The phone runs on a Quad Core processor and 2 GB of RAM, besides 16 GB internal memory. The phone has a Dual SIM tray converts one slot to an expansion slot for MicroSD card.
The Acer Liquid E700 is aimed at the professional and has extremely long battery life, triple SIM capability and a Zero Air Gap screen. Equipped with a 3500 mAh battery, the E700 promises up to 24 hours of  talk time and 60 hours of standby time. The E700 has triple SIM capabilities, which means you can add a third sim just for data while travelling. It also comes with Android 4.4 (KitKat), a quad-core processor, 2GB RAM and 16 GB of internal storage and a MicroSD card slot for expandable storage.

Dilip Kumar recovering; to be dischargedsoonBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:11 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 4:34 pm
Veteran actor Dilip Kumar, who was admitted to a hospital two days ago for chest infection, is recuperating and will be discharged in next 3-4 days, said the doctors treating him.
“He has not had fever in the last 24 hours and his condition is much better now. There is also improvement in the lung infection and he is on the road to recovery. He will be going home in next 3-4 days,” said Dr Jalil Parkar, a well known Pulmonologist from Lilavati hospital.
Parkar said that Kumar’s investigation parameters like X-Ray and Blood tests have proved improvement in his physical health.
“We have also noted his radiological and clinical improvement. We never felt the need to keep him in the Intensive Care Unit,” he said.
Parkar added that Kumar, 91, is being treated by a panel of doctors, including Dr Nitin Gokhale, a cardiologist, Dr Kirti Updadhyay, a nephrologist and Dr Vinay Chavan, a neurologist.
The acting legend was admitted to the hospital on Saturday evening, after complaining of breathlessness and cold.
A team of doctors, on performing a check-up found out that he was suffering from a chest infection called bronchopneumonia.
The actor was hospitalised in September last year after he suffered a silent heart attack.
Kumar, known as the ‘King of Tragedy’, essayed iconic roles in classics like ‘Devdas’, ‘Madhumati’, ‘Mughal-e-Azam’ and ‘Ganga Jamuna’.
Born Muhammad Yusuf Khan on December 11, 1922, in Peshawar (now in Pakistan), his acting career spanned six decades and over 60 films.

MDMK chief Vaiko quits NDA  says Modi betraying Tamil peopleComments
Vaiko-led MDMK Monday became the first ally to quit the National Democratic Alliance alliance accusing the Narendra Modi-led government of acting against Tamils.
The Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam held a high level committee meeting in Chennai, attended by all district secretaries, which passed a resolution to quit the NDA, the alliance it had joined on the eve of 2014 Lok Sabha polls.
The resolution, moved by party supremo Vaiko, declared MDMK cannot be a part of the alliance as the BJP-led government has been insensitive to a host of issues concerning Tamil Nadu.
Vaiko said that when it joined the NDA, the party made it clear that the BJP-led government should not support Sri Lanka and its President Mahinda Rajapaksa.
But Prime Minister Modi's government had gone against its promise, he said.
Vaiko added that the Modi government was also silent on Subramanian Swamy's demand for Bharat Ratna for Rajapaksa, condemning the Sri Lankan president's December 9 visit to the Tirupati temple.
He said the central government was betraying the interests of Tamil Nadu over the Mullaperiyar dam row with Kerala and on the sharing of Cauvery river water with Karnataka.
"The BJP government has not taken care of the peoples' needs in Tamil Nadu," he said accusing the central government of giving permission to review safety aspects of the dam.
The Supreme Court last week dismissed the Kerala government's plea to review its May 7 verdict holding as safe the 120-year-old dam and allowing Tamil Nadu to raise water level to 142 feet and ultimately to 152 feet after completion of strengthening measures on the dam.
"Modi is betraying the people of Tamil Nadu," the MDMK leader said.
The resolution was critical of the "inaction" by the Centre on the Cauvery water sharing issue.
Vaiko also accused the Modi government of imposing Hindi and held it guilty of sanskritisation of education.
The party resolution termed the release of five fishermen, who were saved from death sentence following pardon granted by Rajapaksa, as a "drama" and accused the Centre of not solving the fishermen issue.
"Modi is not following the footsteps of Vajpayee," Vaiko said addressing his partymen.
The MDMK joined the six-party grand alliance led by BJP in Tamil Nadu ahead of May Lok Sabha elections. Though the party contested seven seats out of 39, it could not win any. BJP and PMK, another partner of the NDA alliance, managed to win a seat each.
In 2004, Vaiko had joined hands with the Congress. But within six month, when the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government wanted to sign an agreement with the Sri Lanka government, Vaiko condemned it and exited the Congress-led formation.
Over the past two months, the DMK has been wooing Vaiko and its chief Karunanidhi had welcomed all Dravidian parties to come together. DMK senior leader and treasurer, MK Stalin, also met Vaiko at a marriage ceremony recently, sparking off rumours of the impending "home coming" of Vaiko.
Political parties have begun making efforts at realignments keeping the 2016 assembly elections in mind with AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa facing serious threat of getting eliminated from the electoral process.
Playing down the development, senior state BJP leader H Raja said Vaiko was carrying out a negative campaign against the BJP and PM Modi.
Raja said it is wrong to say Modi and central government are not doing anything for the Tamil cause and added it was because of the central government's efforts that five fishermen on death row were released from Sri Lanka within 15 days. 
Raja said people are happy with Modi government.
A senior state BJP leader said on condition of anonymity, "It is better that he has quit, rather than stay and fight the BJP from inside."
NDA alliance partner Kongunadu Makkal Katchi's leader E Eswaran said Vaiko's quitting the NDA will have no impact.
Another ally, India Jananayaka Katchi leader Krishnamurthy, said the Modi government was going in the right direction.
The BJP, upbeat with its success in different parts of the country and recent good show in general elections, is getting more ambitious and is working to expand its base in the state.
BJP president Amit Shah is expected to visit Tamil Nadu for two days, December 20 and 21, to energise the party unit and expand its membership.
Clearly, Tamil Nadu is very much on the saffron party's radar.

Opposition flays Sushma Swaraj for  Gita  commentOpposition flays Sushma Swaraj for 'Gita' comment
New Delhi  HT Correspondent and Agencies, December 08, 2014
First Published: 12:58 IST(8/12/2014) | Last Updated: 16:02 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
External affairs minister Sushma Swaraj came under the opposition fire on Monday for urging the Centre to declare the Bhagavad Gita as a national scripture and saying that only a formal announcement to this effect was pending.
Swaraj had made the comments at a public meeting to mark 5,151 years of the Gita, a 700-verse Hindu scripture that is part of the epic Mahabharata, at the Red Fort on Sunday.
Her comment evoked sharp reactions from all sections of the opposition including the Bahujan Samaj Party, Aam Aadmi Party, Congress, Janata Dal (United), the Trinamool Congress as well as Left parties.
"People in our country practice different religions, she should not have given such a statement. Her comment is not right," said Mayawati.
AAP's Manish Sisodia said Sushma's call is an insult to the scripture.
"If they want the Gita to be announced as the national scripture, they are insulting Gita. The holy book is way above all this," said Sisodia.
"It is a dangerous, ideological position that the BJP is trying to impose on people. It is detrimental to the unity of nation," said Communist Party of India's D Raja.
Reacting to Swaraj's remark, Congress leader Manish Tewari said the essence of the Gita lies in its substance and not in its symbolism.
"So, if anybody has seriously read and internalise the teachings of the Gita they would not make such a frivolous statement," he said.
West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee hit out at Swaraj saying the Constitution was the "Holy Book" in a democracy.
"Our Constitution says India is a secular country. The Constitution is the Holy Book in a democracy," Banerjee told PTI.
"We respect all holy books equally. They are all our pride," Banerjee, the Trinamool Congress chief, said.
JD (U) president Sharad Yadav had dismissed Swaraj's comments as "rubbish", saying that "instead of focusing on the task of governance, the National Democratic Alliance leaders were raising mindless issues".
"PM Modi gifted the Gita to US President Barack Obama, which means it has already received the honour of a national scripture. What we require is only a formal announcement now," Swaraj had said.
Modi had also gifted the Gita to Japan PM Shinzo Abe and the Emperor of Japan during his five-day trip in September.

Shabana Azmi finds Sharmila Tagore most gorgeous70-year-oldBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:37 pm
On the birthday of Sharmila Tagore, veteran actress and activist Shabana Azmi described the “Kashmir Ki Kali” star as “most gorgeous”.
Sharmila, who was often seen on the big screen with late actor Rajesh Khanna in movies like “Aradhana”, “Amar Prem” and “Daag: A Poem of Love”, turned 70 Monday.
The mother of actors Saif and Soha Ali Khan and designer Saba was one of the top Bollywood actresses who flaunted a bikini on screen in “An Evening In Paris”.
“Sharmila Tagore is the most gorgeous 70-year-old I know. Happy birthday Rinkudi and have a super year,” Shabana tweeted Monday.
The two actresses worked together in films like “Doosri Dulhan” and “Namkeen”.
Actor Prosenjit Chatterjee too sent out birthday wishes, tweeting: “Happy Birthday to one of the most beautiful and gorgeous actresses Sharmila Aunty. Many many happy returns of the day. Love.”

MDMK quits NDA  hits out at Narendra ModigovernmentBy: Press Trust of India | Chennai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:37 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 5:25 pm
MDMK led by Vaiko on Monday decided to quit the NDA alliance in Tamil Nadu alleging that the BJP government at the Centre was acting against Tamils and betrayed the people of the state.
The MDMK District Secretaries meeting held in Chennai adopted a unanimous resolution to walk out of the NDA, the alliance it joined on the eve of Lok Sabha polls.
The resolution moved by party supremo Vaiko declared that “MDMK can no more be part of the BJP-led NDA as the saffron party-led government has been insensitive to a host of issues concerning Tamil Nadu including Mullaperiyar dam issue”.
The district secretaries meeting, one of the top level wings of the party, urged that India should not support Sri Lanka. “BJP has been acting against Tamils. Modi wished Mahinda Rajapaksa for elections (there).
Modi government is silent on Subramanian Swamy’s proposal for Bharat Ratna for Rajapaksa”, the resolution stated.
The party also came down heavily on the BJP government’s efforts on “sanskritisation of education.” The party alleged that the Modi government had not taken care of the needs of Tamil Nadu people.
The government has given permission for review of Mullaiperiyar dam water level, it charged. “Modi is betraying people of Tamil Nadu,” it said.
The resolution was critical of the “inaction” by the Centre on the Cauvery water sharing issue against the backdrop of Tamil Nadu continuing to press for setting up Cauvery Management Authority and its opposition to Karnataka’s plans to build dams across the Cauvery river at Mekedatu.
The party termed the release of five fishermen who were saved from death sentence following pardon granted by Rajapaksa as a “drama” and accused the Centre of not solving the fishermen issue.
The MDMK joined the six-party grand alliance led by BJP in Tamil Nadu ahead of May Lok Sabha elections. Though the party contested seven seats out of 39, it could not win any.
BJP and PMK, another partner of the NDA alliance, managed to win a seat each.
Vaiko has been critical of the Modi-led government in the last few months and Modi greeting Lankan President Rajapaksa at the SAARC meeting further widened the cracks.
There were criticism by BJP leaders against Vaiko, with H Raja saying Vaiko was free to remain or leave the alliance.

Bigg Boss 8: Housemates punished and nominated for breaking therulesBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:31 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:57 am
After the shocking no eviction twist in the Bigg Boss house over the weekend, the horror-struck housemates prepare themselves for another grueling week inside the house. Gautam and Diandra are upset with the accusations hurled at them but do not react, while Puneet is still reeling with the fact that most of his co-contestants wanted to vote him out. Upen is upset that Puneet has found his way back in the house once again.
It is the day of nominations again and all the contestants are a little nervous. As afternoon prevails, Bigg Boss gathers everyone and gives them another shock of the day. All the housemates except an immune captain Karishma are nominated for eviction as they have all broken some rule or the other. Be it continuing to speak in English, sleeping during the day, talking to each other without the microphones etc.
Captain Karishma decides to punish the contestants and asks them to take 10 rounds of the garden. The housemates, who are shocked over the surprise nominations by Bigg Boss himself,. are in no mood for another punishment. However, as it was the captain’s call, all the contestants have to oblige barring Diandra.
In the evening, Dimpy is called to the confession room and given a chance to replace Karishma as the captain. Dimpy is asked to convince five contestants to go against Karishma’s captaincy.
 
They will have to say on camera that they are dissatisfied with Karishma as a captain. If accomplished, Dimpy will become the new captain of the house dethroning Karishma.

Israeli warplanes bomb Damascus airport: SyrianmilitaryBy: Associated Press | Damascus (syria) |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:22 pm
Israeli warplanes bombed two areas near Damascus on Sunday, striking near the city’s international airport as well as outside a town close to the Lebanese border, the Syrian military said.
Since Syria’s conflict began in March 2011, Israel has carried out several airstrikes in Syria that have targeted sophisticated weapons systems, including Russian-made anti-aircraft missiles and Iranian-made missiles, believed to be destined for Israel’s arch foe – the Lebanese Hezbollah militant group.
Israel has never confirmed the strikes, and on Sunday the Israeli military said it does not comment on “foreign reports.”
The Syrian armed forces’ general command said Sunday’s “flagrant attack” caused material damage, but did not provide any details on what was hit near the airport or in the town of Dimas, which is northwest of Damascus along the main highway from the capital to the Lebanese frontier.
“This aggression demonstrates Israel’s direct involvement in supporting terrorism in Syria along with well-known regional and Western countries to raise the morale of terrorist groups, mainly the Nusra Front,” the military said in a statement carried by SANA.
There is no evidence that Israel has provided any support to the Nusra Front, which is al-Qaida’s affiliate in Syria.
The director of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, Rami Abdurrahman, said the strike near the Damascus international airport targeted a depot for newly arrived weapons at a military facility that is part of the airport.
The strikes near Dimas, he said, went after weapons depots in hangars in and around a small air base. It was not clear whether those weapons were for the Syrian government or for Hezbollah. He had no word on casualties.
The Britain-based Observatory monitors Syria’s civil war through a network of activists on the ground.
While Israel has tried to stay out of the war in neighboring Syria, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has repeatedly threatened to take military action to prevent Syria from transferring sophisticated weapons to its ally Hezbollah. Israel and Hezbollah are bitter enemies and fought an intense monthlong war in 2006.
In May 2013, a series of Israeli airstrikes near Damascus targeted what Israeli officials said were shipments of Iranian-made Fateh-110 missiles bound for Hezbollah.
In eastern Syria on Sunday, Syrian warplanes carried out at least 11 airstrikes of their own against Islamic State militants attacking a key military air base, activists said.
The Islamic State group launched its assault on the sprawling air field just outside of the city of Deir el-Zour last week, touching off fighting that activists say has killed more than 150 people on both sides. For IS, seizing control of the base would eliminate the last significant continued…

Kris Jenner wants to marry boyfriend CoreyGamblePosted: December 8, 2014 4:22 pm
Reality TV star Kris Jenner reportedly wants to tie the knot with new boyfriend Corey Gamble.
The 59-year-old star is said to be serious about singer Justin Bieber’s road manager, 34, reported Contactmusic.
“Kris is really into Corey. He sleeps at her house, she’s introduced him to everyone in the family and they are definitely moving forward in their relationship,” a source said.
Jenner’s children, including daughters Kim Kardashian West and Kourtney Kardashian, however, are worried that she has moved on too quickly following her split from Bruce Jenner in October 2013 after 23 years of marriage.
“Things with Corey went from zero to 60 really fast. They worry Kris will jump into another marriage because she doesn’t want to be alone – and winds up getting hurt. Kim, Kourtney and Kris were talking about Kim’s wedding in Florence, Italy and how perfect it was, and Kris chimed in that she would love to have a wedding like that,” the source added.

Id love to beat Australia again  says KevinPietersenBy: Associated Press | Melbourne |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:20 pm
Kevin Pietersen says he hopes his exile from the England Test side will soon end allowing him able to achieve his goals of reaching 10,000 test runs and again beating Australia in an Ashes series.
Pietersen was dropped from the England team after its disastrous and acrimonious series in Australia earlier this year, held responsible by the England and Wales Cricket Board for disharmony in the dressing room.
The batsman, in Australia to join the Melbourne Stars for the Twenty20 Big Bash League, said Monday he still has ambitions to play Test cricket.
South African-born Pietersen said “I know I still have four or five years left. Whether I just want to play T20 though, is another thing.”
“The next six months, with the changes happening in England, (it) could be interesting,” Pietersen said, adding he has Test goals to achieve.
“I have 8,300 (Test) runs – I’d love to get 10,000 Test runs,” he said. “I’d love to beat Australia again … last time, we got hammered,” he said. “That doesn’t sit well. I’m not a player who likes being hammered, I’m a player who plays to win.”
Pietersen said his enforced break from Test cricket had allowed him to recover fully from a chronic knee injury.
“I should have had a microfracture before the double Ashes last year,” he said. “But I was flying around this country getting injected by every single doctor to try to get myself through.
“Having not played Test cricket since January, my body has felt a hell of a lot better. I’m feeling good – ready to go.”

Economic growth in Europe losing momentum: OECDOECD lead indicators show European growth losing momentum
Reuters Dec 8, 2014, 04.40PM IST
Tags:
Brazil
(The overall CLI indicator,…)
PARIS: Economic growth is set to continue losing momentum in Europe while the outlook is stable for most other major economies and in the OECD area as a whole, according to the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development.
The Paris-based OECD's monthly composite leading indicator (CLI) covering 33 member countries pointed to growth easing from relatively high levels in Britain, a loss of growth momentum in Germany and Italy , and stable growth momentum in France .
The overall CLI indicator, meant to flag early signals of turning points in economic activity, was steady at 100.4, above the long-term average of 100.
The CLI for Germany ticked down to 99.5 from 99.7 the previous month, while Italy's was 101.1 down from 101.2.
Amongst other major economies, the CLIs continue to point to stable growth momentum in the United States, Canada, China and Brazil , the OECD said.
It said that while tentative signs of a positive change in momentum were emerging in Japan , the CLI for Russia pointed to growth tentatively losing momentum.
India was the only major economy where the CLI points to a clear pick-up in growth momentum, it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yummiest with goodness of fruitsUpdated: December 8, 2014 17:03 IST
Yummiest… with goodness of fruits
NEETI SARKAR
desserts
The best desserts for this season are those with seasonal fruits. On National Pastry Day, we urge you to go get yourself some luscious cranberry pies
It’s that time of the year again when everything around seems more colourful. With Christmas just over a fortnight away, the air is already saturated with the delightful aroma of winter baking. Therefore, on National Pastry Day, it is only fitting to track the yummiest trends of the season.
According to Shailaja Santaram, pastry chef at a standalone restaurant, “Seasonal fruits in desserts are perfect for winters. From apple crumble, caramelised bananas, and citrus tarts to poached pears and sparkling oranges, there are so many desserts one can indulge in this year. And with fruit in it, you don’t have to feel guilty about taking a second helping!”
“My favourite winter dessert would be a good chocolate soufflé,” says Vinesh Johny, owner and chef at Lavonne. “Other traditional desserts that are making their comeback include tarte tatin and apple crisp. Desserts like the lava cake will never go out of style. There are various versions of the same now with different fillings in the centre and chefs are playing with exotic flavours so you have salted caramel molten lava cakes or marshmallow centred lava cakes. Churros and beignets are an all-time favourite and best enjoyed during winter. Some of the typical holiday desserts like Stollen and plum pudding will always be in popular,” he adds.
For Tanushka Sagar, a home baker, “December has everything to do with pies and while mincemeat pies are trending the world over at this time of the year, I am busying myself making warm apple pies with spiced apple caramel sauce, luscious cranberry pies, and the lemon meringue pie is always a favourite among customers. There is also something really comforting about chocolate desserts in Fall/Winter. Hot chocolate, white chocolate mousse, chocolate torte, and chocolate chip cookies are the best,” she finds.
Pudding lovers, there’s no better time for you to dig into these piping hot offerings than now! “Winter pastries and desserts needn’t really be fancy,” observes Jeneca D’Souza, a home maker and baking enthusiast. “Banana pudding, homemade bread pudding, toffee pudding, and baked rice pudding are my eternal favourites. They’re also quite well-liked by children,” she points out.
Similarly, brownies of all kinds are stocking up on points among gourmet grazers. Peppermint, peanut butter, walnut brownies, and espresso spiked brownies, are major hits this season, with bakers around the city including these in their Christmas hampers and yuletide special menus.
With the year coming to a close and a host of celebrations and parties lined up, the focus to look and feel good is imminent.
So, if you’re looking for healthy dessert options this winter, Tanushka says: “Go for pastries that utilise lighter ingredients. Ginger cookies, date fruit crisps, oatmeal cookies, pumpkin pies, spiced apricots, and other bite sized offerings are perfect for the season.”
The beauty of winter pastries is that most of them need not be store bought as they are fairly simple to make at home so go on, whip em up!

Uber banned in Delhi; rape accused driver sent to police custody till Dec 11Comments
A Delhi court sent on Monday an Uber taxi driver accused of raping a 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days as the state government banned the taxi booking service which came under fire for hiring the driver without background checks.
 
Police said Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32 had earlier spent nearly two years in jail from 2011 over another rape charge before being acquitted last year when the victim allegedly turned hostile and the court found contradictions in her statement.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
On Friday night, Yadav allegedly raped an executive from a Gurgaon-based finance company in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla before dropping her home, sparking outrage in the city weeks before the second anniversary of the fatal gangrape of a 23-year-old medical student in a moving bus.
Although the driver threatened to kill her if she reported the crime to police, the woman took a photo of the car's number plate before alerting the authorities.
 
Police tracked Yadav down and arrested him on Sunday from his home town Mathura,160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi, where he had fled.
'Uber misled passenger with app, flouted rules'
He refused to participate in an identification line-up after police told the court they had not yet recovered the mobile phone he used during the incident.
Meanwhile, Uber faced criticism for hiring the cab driver without the mandatory police verification. It initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com with immediate effect," said a statement by the transport department.
"The transport department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the National Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi in future."
The department also alleged Uber had flouted transport rules and "misled" the passenger with its app.
"M/s Uber also misled the commuter about the nature of the taxi service offered by the "Uber App," it said.
Special commissioner Deepak Mishra said early investigations showed GPS had not been installed in the taxi and police background checks were not conducted on the driver.
 
San Francisco-based Uber had earlier issued a statement saying its thoughts were with the young woman and it was working with the government to address the issue.
 
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States and could spell trouble across the globe for the company.
 
Anger mounted in New Delhi where a crowd of angry protesters rallied outside the home minister's residence, demanding more action by officials to ensure safety for women.
 
"The shocking incident of rape of a young woman in a cab on Friday night exposes the alarming situation about lack of women safety in the national capital," the Aam Aadmi Party said in a statement.
Uber on back foot
Uber tried to shift some of the blame on to the Delhi government for the failure to do background checks on the accused cab driver.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick issued a statement following, terming the incident horrific.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery.
"We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs. We will also partner closely with the groups who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women," the statement said.
A day after police served a notice on the firm, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (North), said, "Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we'll go for legal recourse. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case.
(With inputs from agencies)

Typhoon Hagupit: No major damage in Philippine typhoon; 3 deadBy: Associated Press | Legazpi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:02 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 8:18 pm
Typhoon Hagupit knocked out power, left at least three people dead and sent nearly 900,000 into shelters before it weakened Sunday, sparing the central Philippines the type of massive devastation that a monster storm brought to the region last year.
Shallow floods, damaged shanties and ripped off store signs and tin roofs were a common sight across the region, but there was no major destruction after Hagupit slammed into Eastern Samar and other island provinces.
It was packing maximum sustained winds of 140 kilometers (87 miles) per hour and gusts of 170 kph (106 mph) on Sunday, considerably weaker from its peak power but still a potentially deadly storm, according to forecasters.
The typhoon, which made landfall in Eastern Samar late Saturday, was moving slowly, dumping heavy rain that could possibly trigger landslides and flash floods.
Traumatized by the death and destruction from Typhoon Haiyan last year, nearly 900,000 people fled to about 1,000 emergency shelters and safer grounds. The government, backed by the 120,000-strong military, had launched massive preparations to attain a zero-casualty target.
Rhea Estuna, a 29-year-old mother of one, fled Thursday to an evacuation center in Tacloban- the city hardest-hit by Haiyan- and waited in fear as Hagupit’s wind and rain lashed the school where she and her family sought refuge. When she peered outside Sunday, she said she saw a starkly different aftermath than the one she witnessed after Haiyan struck in November 2013.
“There were no bodies scattered on the road, no big mounds of debris,” Estuna told The Associated Press by cellphone. “Thanks to God this typhoon wasn’t as violent.”
Haiyan’s tsunami-like storm surges and killer winds left thousands of people dead and leveled entire villages, most of them in and around Tacloban.
Nearly a dozen countries, led by the United States and the European Union, have pledged to help in case of a catastrophe from Hagupit (pronounced HA’-goo-pit), disaster-response agency chief Alexander Pama said.
The EU commissioner for humanitarian aid, Christos Stylianides, said a team of experts would be deployed to help assess the damage and needed response.
“The Philippines are not alone as they brace up for a possible hardship,” Stylianides said, adding that the European Commission was “hoping that the impact will be less powerful than a year ago, when Typhoon Haiyan left a devastating imprint on the country.”
Two people, including a baby girl, died of hypothermia in central Iloilo province Saturday at the height of the typhoon, Pama said at a news conference.
Another person died after being hit by a falling tree in the eastern town of Dolores, where the typhoon first made landfall, according to Interior Secretary Mar Roxas. Two women were continued…

Uber under rape scanner  but new players tech push growth in radio cab sectorDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Uber may be under scanner after rape case, but the radio and mobile taxi segment, which constitutes only 5 per cent of the Indian taxi market, is witnessing a significant growth with competition hotting up and new players and technology making an entry every now and then.
“The radio taxi segment posted a 35 per cent compounded annual growth rate in the last five years. We expect this to continue in the next five years,” said Sidhartha Pahwa, CEO, Meru Cabs. The segment has four or five big players (Meru, Ola, Easy Cabs and Bookmycab) and similar number of medium players. The list is growing. “We have around 10,000 cabs operating daily while the industry as a whole has around 50,000 cabs. There’s a mushrooming growth of new players,” he said.
Pahwa added that the action is now in the digital space. “We get around 60 per cent of the bookings through the digital space now. We have seen that the younger generation prefers radio taxi and cashless transactions ,” he said.
Anand Subramanian, director — marketing communication, Ola, “We are growing at a rate of 40 per cent month on month and have over 42,000 cabs in our platform across 26 cities we operate in. We are expanding at a rate of 5-7 cities per month and our plan is to be present across 100 cities by the end of FY16.”
Some companies like Ola and Meru have launched low-cost services. There are companies like Taxiforsure which has signed up normal taxis under its umbrella. Leading companies don’t own taxis but provide software and trained driver-owners with KYC safeguards. How do they ensure safety? “We ensure that the partner driver who is using our software should pass the stringent compliance check of his personal and professional papers. Each and every ride of ours is tracked and all the records are maintained meticulously. Traceability is paramount for us. We also have a continuous ride feedback from customers to keep a high quality experience,” Subramanian said.
Pahwa said some customers have switched over from owning cars to radio taxis in view of the cost and other advantages. For example, a car owner spends around Rs 40,000-45,000 per month directly or indirectly on the car. This includes Rs 15,000 for the EMI, Rs 10,000-12,000 on the driver, Rs 8,000-10,000 for fuel and Rs 3,000-5,000 for maintenance. “A car owner drives 1,200 per month. This works out to Rs 33 per km. For a radio taxi service, the running cost per km is around Rs 20,” he said.
On the new technology, Subramanian said, “The mobile app shows the available cabs nearby and allots a cab, which is closest to the customer and provides him with navigation to reach the customer without having to call for directions. Customers can also book a cab later by setting the date and time.”
TAGS: Uber Cab
More from companies

Chariman of army wing of banned insurgent group KRA shot deadBy: Express News Service | Imphal |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:40 pm
The Chairman of the Kuki Revolutionary Army, the armed winged of the banned insurgent group the Kuki National Organisation, Paokhothang alias Thangboi Chongloi was shot dead by unknown assailants yesterday morning. The KNO and KRA have been under a Suspension of Operation agreement with the Indian Government. The 38-year-old Chongloi hailed from Khengjang village and was shot down near the Khengjang cemetery under the Gamnom Sapormeina police station yesterday at 7.30 in the morning.
According to police sources, after learning that an acquaintance in a neighbouring village had died the previous night, Chongloi had visited the family of the deceased. On his way back home, he was shot down near his village cemetery. Hearing gunshots villagers reached the spot and rushed him to a hospital, but he died on the way. His body has been taken to the morgue of the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences in Imphal for a postmortem.
Meanwhile, the bullet ridden body of 36-year-old Kamminlal Chongloi was recovered from near Koubru Leikha yesterday afternoon. He hailed from K Lhangnom village and was also from Sapormeina village. According to the deceased’s wife, three unknown persons came in an autorickshaw the day before and took Kamminlal Chongloi saying that their leader wanted to meet him. When Kamminlal did not return till late at night the family sent out a search team. At 11 am yesterday, the family received a phone call telling them that his body had been abandoned near Koubru Leikha near national highway 2.
Kamminlal was also suspected to be a cadre member of the Kuki Revolutionary army and may have been on his way to meet Thangboi Chonloi. The police are investigating connections between the two incidents.

SpiceJet stock falls on fund drought  flight cancellationsSpiceJet stock closes over 4 per cent down on stock exchanges
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 18:03 IST
Photo: Reuters
Continuing to fall for the fifth straight session, shares of budget carrier SpiceJet ended over 4 per cent lower on Monday amid a flurry of negative news, including fund drought and large-scale flight cancellations.
After falling 12.85 per cent to Rs 13.90 in intra-day trade, shares of SpiceJet finally ended at Rs 15.25, down 4.39 per cent from its previous close on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
In five trading sessions, the stock has fallen by over 28 per cent. During this period, the company's market value fell by Rs 321 crore to Rs 816.30 crore.
Concerned over deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA last week withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
With SpiceJet wobbling amid fund drought and the aviation regulator keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, the no-frill carrier's pilots are flocking to other airlines in search of a job, industry sources said.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over SpiceJet's ability to run as a "going concern".
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concerns over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather, not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
Shares of the company have been on the back foot amid reports that Airport Authority of India (AAI)has put it on cash-and-carry payment mode.
In a filing to the BSE, the company on Monday said, "We would like to clarify that SpiceJet Limited is not under a "Cash-and-Carry" payment mode with Airport Authority of India as wrongly reported in certain sections of the media."
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs 310 crore which is down from Rs 559 crore net loss during the corresponding period last year.

High Court directive to DLF to demolish some portions of complexDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
In a blow to real estate major DLF, the Kerala High Court today directed it to demolish certain portions of its apartment complex, constructed on the banks of the Chilavanoor backwaters here in violation of Coastal Regulation Zone norms.
Justice A V Ramakrishna Pillai issued the direction while disposing of a petition by one A V Antony of Kochi against the construction alleging that there was violation of CRZ norms.
The court directed DLF to stop all further construction as per the permit granted by Kochi corporation.
Earlier, the Kerala Coastal Zone Management Authority (KCZMA) had accused the Kochi Corporation of allegedly helping DLF to complete the construction of its apartment complex on the Chilavannoor backwaters by refusing to act on the authorityâ€™s directive not to grant building permits for constructions in CRZ areas.
In an affidavit, K K Ramachandran, member secretary of the authority, had stated that as per the CRZ notification, all constructions with an investment of Rs five crore or more required prior CRZ clearance from the Ministry of Environment and Forests. The construction by DLF was allowed without following the provisions of the notification.
The KCZMA said it had issued instructions to the corporation and the Ernakulam District Collector to initiate action against DLF under the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986. As per the report that was prepared by the Centre for Earth Sciences Studies (CESS), the property of DLF fell within CRZ I (ii) and CRZ II categories.
The KCZMA had directed the corporation to stop all illegal constructions in the CRZ areas. However, the corporation had failed to comply with the provisions of the Environmental (Protection) Act, it was submitted.
The construction had been undertaken after reclaiming ‘wetland pokkali field’ which had been classified as CRZ I (ii) areas as it was an ecologically fragile area.
TAGS: Dlf
More from companies

Huffington Post launches in India  sets sights on ChinaSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
News website Huffington Post launched its India edition on Monday in a tie-up with media conglomerate Times of India Group, as the AOL-owned site expands into markets where internet use is growing rapidly.
The India edition is Huffington Post’s 13th and follows launches in a handful of European and Asian countries, as well as an Arabic version set to go live next year.
The website, which was sold to AOL for $315 million in 2011, generates revenue through advertising and is crucial to AOL’s shift away from its subscription dial-up internet business.
Internet penetration in India is low, with less than one in four of its 1.25 billion people online, but that number is expected to grow quickly in the next few years as the government improves connections to rural areas and more people switch to smartphones.
“More and more people (in India) are going to be able to access news on their mobile devices,” Arianna Huffington, the website’s editor-in-chief, said at a Delhi launch event on Monday. “It’s a great opportunity for us.”
She is entering a highly competitive market where dozens of free-to-access websites chase India’s relatively affluent English-language readers. The country has 226 million English speakers, according to the 2001 government census.
Huffington, who said India has held a special place in her heart since studying in the country aged 17, has hired a team of eight and plans to expand that to 15 in the next few months to report their own stories as well as reposting news and opinion from other outlets.
The website has also set its sights on China, with Huffington Post Media Group CEO Jimmy Maymann saying he is confident that it will agree a tie-up with a Chinese partner by early 2016.
“We all know the restrictions that are associated with the Chinese media,” he said. “(But) we feel very bullish about China and putting China back on our roadmap.”
TAGS: Huffington Post
More from industry

With Liquid Jade and Liquid E700  Acer back in smartphone gameLava hints at Indian manufacturing facility at new smartphone launch
Acer is back with its smartphone portfolio in India, launching two budget phones exclusively on snapdeal.com. The company, popular for its computing devices, has launched the premium looking Liquid Jade and value for money Liquid E700 smartphones priced Rs 11,999 and Rs 16,999 respectively.
Allen Burnes, Acer Group’s Vice-President Smart Phones Business, said while the Liquid Jade will appeal to the elegant, beauty conscious and highly social user, the Liquid E700 is more suited to the business traveller who want to remain  connected round the clock.
The Acer Liquid Jade features a curved ergonomic body with a 5-inch HD Gorilla Glass 3 display. It runs Android 4.4 and has a 13 MP main camera with 0.3 second focus and F1.8 aperture. The phone runs on a Quad Core processor and 2 GB of RAM, besides 16 GB internal memory. The phone has a Dual SIM tray converts one slot to an expansion slot for MicroSD card.
The Acer Liquid E700 is aimed at the professional and has extremely long battery life, triple SIM capability and a Zero Air Gap screen. Equipped with a 3500 mAh battery, the E700 promises up to 24 hours of  talk time and 60 hours of standby time. The E700 has triple SIM capabilities, which means you can add a third sim just for data while travelling. It also comes with Android 4.4 (KitKat), a quad-core processor, 2GB RAM and 16 GB of internal storage and a MicroSD card slot for expandable storage.
TAGS: Acer Acer Liquid Jade Snapdeal
More from tech

Invoking Vajpayee  Narendra Modi promises development inKashmirWritten by Muzamil Jaleel | Srinagar |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 3:41 pm
“You have seen the rule of the father and son. You have seen the rule of the father and daughter. Have they done any
thing for you?” he said in an indirect reference to National Conference and PDP rule. There is a need for a majority government, a BJP government in J&K, he said. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Invoking Atal Bihari Vajpayee, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said here today that it was his duty to fulfil his predecessor’s dream of “Insaaniyat (humanity), Kashmiriyat (Kashmir’s pluralist ethos) and Jamhooriyat (democracy),” as these were the “three” pillars that can put Kashmir on the path of development.
Speaking at his first rally in the Valley, Modi — avoiding any reference to Pakistan — said that he had come to “share the people’s grief and pain” and promised to reciprocate the love he had got from the people here “with interest.”
This rally, seen as a culmination of an unprecedented mobilization and Assembly poll campaign by the BJP and RSS, came after weeks of organisation. Party members worked overnight to bring people from across the valley and even from parts of Jammu. The city was draped in saffron and around 20 large hoardings of Modi lined the roads that led to the venue, the Sher-e-Kashmir cricket stadium.
Hours ahead of Modi address, BJP’s candidates and local leaders came along with groups of supporters with party flags, donning Modi masks and shouting slogans. Several in the audience were from areas devastated by the recent floods. Though Sajjad Lone publicly denied that his party workers participated in the rally, there were several people who were Lone’s supporters.
Donning a light grey pheran (traditional Kashmiri gown), Modi tried to connect to the audience by promising a break from a past of despair and reminding them of what had once been hopeful: “For the last 30 years, two generations of youngsters here are without jobs and are living stressful lives. These Valleys (of Kashmir) would drive the entire India crazy. The way people desire to go to on the Badrinath and Kedarnath yatra, they had a similar desire to come to Valleys of Kashmir. And people from every corner of India would come here. The youngsters here wouldn’t need to leave their home to earn their livelihood”.
Modi said that he is such a Prime Sevak (Servant) who visits Kashmir again and again. “I have come here to share your grief and not to take anything from you. You have already given me a lot. What is bigger than love? It is now my
responsibility as to how to reciprocate your continued…

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys down5%By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:57 pm
Indian markets logged their worst single-session drop in eight weeks today with Sensex plunging about 339 points and Nifty slipping 100 points on losses in Infosys, where co-founders sold USD 1 billion worth shares, and other bluechips like TCS, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank.
M&M, Sesa Sterlite, Dr Reddys, Hindalco and Tata Steel counters dropped in 2-4 per cent range. L&T, RIL and Tata Motors were also under pressure.
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell to touch the day’s low of 28,097.12 following fall in recent outperformers like HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank. However, the index attempted to rebound as it touched the session’s high of 28,494.85 on value buying.
Participants, however, later again resorted to selling, spread over a broad front. Sensex settled the day at 28119.40, down 338.70 points, or 1.19 per cent. On Friday, it had slipped 104.72 points on profit-selling. This 338.7-point drop is its worst since October 16 when it fell 349.99 points.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty dipped below the key 8,500-mark by tumbling 100.05 points, or 1.17 per cent, to close, at 8,438.25. Intra-day, it traded in a range between 8,432.25 and 8,546.35. This was also its worst drop since October 16 (fall of 115.80 points).
“The decline was led by the IT counters as sentiments got a hit after some of the founders of IT major Infosys decided to sell USD 1.1 billion shares. Further, profit booking in capital goods, consumer durables and banking stocks also pushed the benchmark in red,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Infosys counter fell 4.88 per cent, the worst performer in Sensex,. TCS tumbled 2.51 per cent and Wipro shed 1.62 per cent in line with weak trend in IT shares.
Shares of metal companies, including Sesa, Hindalco and Tata Steel, faced selling after weak Chinese trade data.
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 3.18 per cent, followed by Teck 2.58 per cent, Realty 1.80 per cent, Capital Goods 1.72 per cent and Consumer Durables 1.41 per cent. Overall, 11 of the 12 sectoral indices ended in red.
Pressure was also seen in smaller stocks. BSE Small cap index ended 0.87 per cent down while the Mid-cap index shed as much as 1.22 per cent.
Global cues were mixed with Asian bourses ending higher and Europe was down in its opening trades.
Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 109.45 crore on Friday as per provisional data.

India tour of Australia: The openers will be crucial  and they have their job cutoutWritten by Sahil Malhotra |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:57 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 9:55 pm
While the Indian pace department does look a fired-up unit, the batting, considered to be the strength of the Asian giants, has an issue before the series Down Under starts.
Australia is never an easy tour for the batters, and double the task if you are facing the music first up. Over the years, barring a series or two, Indian openers have struggled Down Under.
The chin music, coupled with some fine use of the ‘pitched-up’ stuff, has made life difficult for the Indian openers. When fans back home wake up rubbing their eyes in the chilly winter of December, the scorecard reading 20/2 has been the unwanted eye-opener. Can they change the scenario this time around?
Blast from the past
Like it or not, Virender Sehwag has been India’s most successful opener on Australian soil. Does this mean that the only way to survive is to hit your way out of trouble? Not quite. Aakash Chopra’s defiant defences and resilience were a perfect exhibition of the art of survival against the moving ball.
Sehwag’s 464 runs, almost a double hundred, at a staggering average of 58 played a major role in the drawn 2003-04 series. His then Delhi teammate Chopra’s contributions can’t be ignored too as the right-hander played a perfect partner. Sehwag would go hammer and tongs from one end, and determined Aakash would keep on presenting the dead bat.
Cut to the present
In Shikhar Dhawan and Murali Vijay we have an ideal left-right combination. But the duo, together, have failed to deliver the goods abroad, and on a consistent basis. Even while Vijay’s run, in patches, was very encouraging, Dhawan looked all at sea against the moving ball in England.
Australian conditions won’t be as swinging and moving like England, but the pace and bounce pose a challenge. Both the openers don’t shy away from playing their shots but Dhawan’s knack of playing one shot too many has backfired in the past. It is important that the openers, Dhawan in particular, stick to their natural game — the game he displayed during his Test debut against Australia, the game which put him in the limelight after the long domestic struggle for Delhi.
If he aims at spending time in the middle, he won’t last long. That’s just not his game. It’s not just see-the-ball-hit-the-ball either, but positive and aggressive cricket.
Vijay, on the other hand, is much settled than Dhawan. A good England series, decent outings in the tour games, and Vijay looks all set to deliver.
The reserve
In Karnataka batsman Lokesh Rahul, India have a very solid and composed reserve opener. Solid technique, wide array of shots, no trouble against the rising ball and ability to shift gears continued…

Cisco partners with ILFS Technologies to develop projects for smartcitiesWritten by Debashis Sarkar |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:55 pm
Cisco will partner with ILFS Technologies (ITL) to jointly develop solutions for digital infrastructure and smart cities in India. The collaboration, announced at the Cisco India Summit 2014 in Bengaluru, will aim to create solutions for traffic management, public safety and e-governance.
The partnership will bring together Cisco’s Internet of Everything (IoE) solutions and ITL’s understandings in infrastructure development in India. ITL is currently managing five national and two global land management projects and has also rolled out the communication backbone for Gurgaon Rapid Metro.
“With this partnership, we aim to develop India centric technologies to digitise the country. The collaboration will focus on delivering core infrastructure, creating a smart ecosystem and service delivery,” said Dinesh Malkani, president, sales, Cisco India and SAARC. Both companies will jointly go to market to pursue opportunities in the infrastructure sector and smart cities in India.
The Digital India program aims to bring connectivity to villages. However, not much of scaled effort is taking place to empower the Digital India mission. “Too many pilot projects are being done currently. This is just the beginning and it will take some time to scale up these pilot projects. We need more transparency and the pilot projects must have a business model for it become successful. We will be choosing projects based on the ecosystem and political will,” said Prem Saigal, chairman, ITL.

Sachithra Senanayake included in Sri Lankas World CupprobablesBy: Associated Press | Colombo |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:50 pm
Suspended offspinner Sachithra Senanayake has been included in Sri Lanka’s provisional 30-man squad for next year’s cricket World Cup.
Senanayake is currently serving a suspension after his bowling action was deemed illegal. He has undergone remedial work and is awaiting results of another test which will determine if he can be allowed to bowl again in international games.
Selectors announced Sunday that they are also including uncapped bowler Lakshan Sandaken in the squad and recalling allrounder Farveez Maharoof after almost three years.
The squad led by Angelo Mathews also includes fast bowler Lasith Malinga who has not played for Sri Lanka since August due to an ankle injury
The World Cup begins in Australia and New Zealand next February.
Squad: Angelo Mathews (Captain), Tillakaratne Dilshan, Lahiru Thirimanne, Kumar Sangakkara, Mahela Jayawardene, Kusal Perera, Upul Tharanga, Dimuth Karunaratne, Dinesh Chandimal, Ashan Priyanjan, Kithruwan Vithanage, Niroshan Dickwella, Rangana Herath, Dilruwan Perera, Seekkuge Prasanna, Ajantha Mendis, Sachithra Senanayake, Tharindu Kaushal, Jeevan Mendis, Ramith Rambukwella, Suranga Lakmal, Nuwan Kulasekara, Lasith Malinga, Dhammika Prasad, Shaminda Eranga, Thisara Perera, Farveez Maharoof, Nuwan Pradeep, Lahiru Gamage, Lakshan Sandakan.

Is the Student Loan Debt Bubble Deflatingis the student loan debt bubble deflating
Flow of Opec petrodollars set to dry upFlow of Opec petrodollars set to dry up
Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d2f8b6e-7a3b-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee ends nearly flatUpdated: December 4, 2014 17:57 IST
Rupee ends nearly flat
Tweet
AP
The rupee on Thursday ended at 61.92, down a mere paisa, against the greenback in thin trade. File photo
TOPICS
Rupee recovers from initial losses on selling of dollars by banks and exporters in view of persistent foreign capital inflows into equity market.
The rupee on Thursday ended at 61.92, down a mere paisa, against the greenback in thin trade.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market in Mumbai the rupee resumed lower at 61.93 against Wednesday’s closing level of 61.91 per dollar. It dropped further to 61.95 per dollar on initial dollar demand from banks and importers on the back of strength in U.S. currency in the overseas market.
However, the rupee recovered from initial losses to 61.8625 on selling of dollars by banks and exporters in view of persistent foreign capital inflows into equity market. It ended at 61.92 per dollar, down one paisa or 0.02 per cent.
It hovered in a range of 61.86 and 61.95 per dollar during the day.
In London, the euro traded around a two-year low against the dollar today on hopes the European Central Bank would unveil new stimulus measures later in the day.
In New York, the ICE U.S. dollar index rose on Wednesday to its highest level since March 2006 as the dollar rally gained momentum, spurred in part by a strong gauge of service-sector growth in the U.S. economy.

Bad weather puts off GSAT-16 launchspace programme
Bad weather at Kourou has postponed the launch of GSAT-16 hours before it was to take off early morning on Friday. The new date will be known on Friday, an official said. The country's latest communication satellite was slated to be flown at 2.08 a.m. (IST) on December 5 on a European Ariane-5 rocket along with US satellite DIRECTV.
"The launch is postponed due to inclement weather conditions at Kourou, French Guiana," the space agency said in a web update. The French launch agency said it was putting off the launch due to unfavourable weather conditions ober the launvh paf at Kourou. ISRO has advanced GSAT-16 by about six months to meet various needs.
About GSAT-16:

Theo Wargo / Getty Imagestheo wargo / getty images
Jobs Jump: U.S. Employment Surges in Novemberjobs jump: u.s. employment surges in november
December may witness more gains in markets; stay on long side06 December 2014
Saturday
Seven week rally takes Nifty up by 759 points - almost Nine percent; markets take a rest this week, have first lower weekly close after six weeks of gains
Bank Nifty continues its narrow and choppy trading. Sooner or later this contraction ends and prices may see a big move. CNX IT continues its down move. Prices have seen a big decline and closes below its support. Buying opportunity will emerge when this correction gets over.
We have LEAD in METAL SECTION. A long trade executes and continues in this instrument. We have OIL in Sector Focus. Trend is up in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of OIL Stocks. Stock in focus includes KOTAK BANK, TITAN, ULTRACEMCO and RELINFRA. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss USDINR in Currency Tracker Section.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

December may witness more gains in markets; stay on long side: Sukhani06 December 2014
Saturday
Seven week rally takes Nifty up by 759 points - almost Nine percent; markets take a rest this week, have first lower weekly close after six weeks of gains
Bank Nifty continues its narrow and choppy trading. Sooner or later this contraction ends and prices may see a big move. CNX IT continues its down move. Prices have seen a big decline and closes below its support. Buying opportunity will emerge when this correction gets over.
We have LEAD in METAL SECTION. A long trade executes and continues in this instrument. We have OIL in Sector Focus. Trend is up in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of OIL Stocks. Stock in focus includes KOTAK BANK, TITAN, ULTRACEMCO and RELINFRA. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss USDINR in Currency Tracker Section.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Merger of  Janata Parivar  parties a permanent alliance: LaluBy: Press Trust of India | Lucknow |
Posted: December 7, 2014 6:39 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 6:43 pm
The coming together of erstwhile ‘Janata Parivar’ is a “permanent alliance”, RJD chief Lalu Prasad said on Sunday, noting that such a united front to fight BJP was being missed for long. “It is a permanent alliance. We have been missing it for long. Now its has been cemented,” said Lalu in Lucknow.
The Rashtriya Janata Dal President was in Lucknow for a pre-engagement ceremony of his daughter Raj Lakshmi with SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav’s grandson and Lok Sabha member Tej Pratap Yadav.
Bihar and Uttar Pradesh are neighbouring states and it is a relationship of hearts, Lalu said on forging political unity as well as establishing family ties with Mulayam.
Asked about the new political formation, the RJD chief said ‘Netaji’ (Mulayam) has been authorised to take further decision. “Netaji has been authorised to take further decision. There is no ego problem now,” he said.
The two Yadavs are in the forefront of consolidation of opposition forces, bringing six constituents of the erstwhile ‘Janata Parivar’ under the banner of one party. These parties include SP, Janata Dal (Secular), RJD, Janata Dal (United), Indian National Lok Dal and Samajwadi Janata Party.
On being asked about the date of marriage he said it would be fixed by the pundits. “It (the marriage) is fixed. Now pundits will tell the date, but it will be soon,” he said.
Lalu was received by senior cabinet minister and Mulayam’s brother Shivpal Singh Yadav at the airport. Shivpal said BJP, which rode to power by misleading the people, would be exposed by the new front. Lalu was accompanied by son Tejaswi Yadav and some close relatives among others.

Syria accuses Israel of Damascus strikesSyria accuses Israel of Damascus strikes
Erika Solomon in Beirut, John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af141390-7e39-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1A1qTUe5 things for investors to brace for in 2015
Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 11:59 p.m. EST December 11, 2014
Video Keywords S&P 500 market stability initial phase Biotech Google FaceBook
Dan Chung, CEO and chief investment officer of Alger, talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ during USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  Number one do you think the NASDAQ after fifteen years
00:07  we'll finally get back. To its old record high back in
00:10  the behaving at 2000. You know in this so what's driving
00:14  that and more importantly. What message will that new high beat
00:17  the market went it will will be the NASDAQ I'd be
00:20  viewed as. And the good side of the market stability healing
00:25  or will it be viewed. As yet you know a potential
00:28  and another sign. Day another bubble. That is you know ready
00:33  to burst and what you're taking anything remarkable react to that.
00:37  So I think the market will vest and an aspect particular
00:39  definitely. Test build on and I think it will go and
00:44  beyond it. On. I think the message actually is a very
00:48  positive wanted. Kind of powerful if you think it long sweeps
00:51  the time which is that while clearly below heights it reached
00:55  in the bubble. The initial phase of the Internet particular. Were
01:01  too early too fast too early. Bomb. But I find it
01:05  interesting that fifteen years later I think. The value in the
01:10  NASDAQ is a little higher than the S&P 500 but the
01:13  growth is also substantially higher. Driven of course by tech but
01:15  also been healthcare consumer which together are really 88% announced back.
01:21  On you know I looked at the sub components that the
01:23  NASDAQ carefully over the last couple weeks and there are many
01:26  parts of it including what's the biggest holding unit which is
01:29  apple which are not at all expensively values I think are
01:33  undervalued so. Armed and very confident that aspect of reached new
01:36  highs and I think witness over the last fifteen years says
01:38  is that. The idea that drove. The market to its highs
01:44  in the in the first phase. We're not in correct it
01:47  was simply hiding. Over the last fifteen years though these are
01:51  better companies that built that this has carefully. On a better
01:54  manage to beat of course have a new generation Google wasn't
01:57  part of that. Neither was FaceBook. But also for example in
02:02  the Biotech Kerry and farming area a lot of the drugs
02:05  that were not exciting early developments. Are now actually real products.
The 2014 USA TODAY Investment Roundtable contributors: Dan Chung, CEO and Chief Investment Officer at Alger; Savita Subramanian, head of U.S. Equity & Quantitative Strategy at BofA Merrill Lynch;  Rick Rieder, Chief Investment Officer of Fundamental Fixed Income at BlackRock; and Rupal Bhansali, Chief Investment Officer of International Equities at Ariel Investments in New York City, got together on Dec. 5, 2014.
(Photo: Todd Plitt, USA TODAY)
75 CONNECT 105 TWEET 16 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
What would finally make investors happy? The market has been making new highs almost daily this year and has tripled from its 2009 lows. Yet it's one of the most hated and distrusted bull markets, giving stocks a bad rap they don't deserve, say panelists at USA TODAY's 19th annual Investment Roundtable.
These strategists and money managers don't see danger from the markets, anything but. Practically universally, they agreed stocks are headed higher in 2015, although they expect a bumpier ride amid a jump in market volatility. And while stocks might not chalk up another year of double-digit percentage gains, investors will be glad they stayed in the market, these analysts say.
That's just one of the major takeaways from USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable held Friday in New York. USA TODAY will roll out continued coverage of the 2015 Investment Roundtable next week. Details, including stock picks and other detailed forecasts, are forthcoming. But investors who can't wait that long can chew on the five key points, including:
•The market will continue to plow higher. Stocks might not be as cheap as they were a few years ago, but there's plenty of room to make new highs, says Dan Chung, chief investment officer at Alger Funds, who called this "one of the most hated bull markets in equities of all time." Investors will just have to be more selective in picking spots in the market that still have plenty of upside left, says Rupal Bhansali, chief investment officer of international equities at Ariel Investments.
•Higher rates aren't a bull killer. It's likely the Federal Reserve will raise short-term rates, currently pegged between 0% and 0.25%, to 1% next year, says Rick Rieder, chief investment officer of fundamental fixed income at BlackRock. But that's still "incredibly accommodating," he says. The key to the market's reaction will be the pace at which the Fed hikes rates. But Rieder expects the Fed's moves to be measured and says there are other forces in play that should keep long-term interest rates from spiking sharply. Short-term rates will continue to trade south of 2% for at least a couple of years, he adds.
This file photo shows a Wall Street sign near the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) building in New York.
(Photo: JEWEL SAMAD, AFP/Getty Images)
•Nasdaq is going to see more action. If there's been one blemish on this bull market it's that the Nasdaq remains the last major stock index to be unable to notch a new record high. But that will change next year, says Chung, who predicts the tech-focused stock index will finally take out its March 10, 2000, record close of 5048.62. Stocks in the Nasdaq are in much better health now than they were in 2000. Much lower valuations and improved profitability — not to mention companies such as Google that weren't even publicly traded companies 15 years ago — will finally put the Nasdaq on new high ground, Chung says.
•Rise of volatility. The panelists agreed that while market gains might be modestly upward, they won't be easy. Chung says he wouldn't be surprised to see periods of intense volatility next year, not unlike the biotech-stock drubbing in early 2014 and the nearly 10% broad market decline in the fall. But that's why these stock pickers think that stock picking will be more important in 2015. "Volatility is an opportunity," says Bhansali. For instance, she thinks that many health care companies will find demand for their services to be so great that earnings will benefit.
•It's not a risk-free market. Stocks have room to run, but there are still concerns. Many equity and fixed-income investors, for example, have been piling into the same trades, which increases the risks of losses if those trades reverse. Many investors, for example, are shorting short-term interest rates, going long the U.S. dollar and building long positions in shorter maturity European bonds, according to Rieder. "You have to diversify like crazy," he says. Similarly, some panelists worry that investors that have rushed into bond-like stocks — such as high-dividend-paying stocks and utilities -- might be paying too much.
One big worry for foreign-stock focused Bhansali is China. She fears the real estate bubble there led to an overload of debt — one that the government might find itself on the hook for, she says. Big debt binges tend to end badly, and that's a concern for China. Growth in China and India is especially important, since that could be the needed antidote to sluggish growth in Europe, Chung says.
But despite these risks, stocks are the place to be, Bhansali says. "There is a scarcity of growth and yield in the world," she says. "Get the best of both worlds from the equity market," where many stocks yield more than 10-year U.S. government bonds.
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Wall Street's stock market S&P 500 NASDAQ
David Callaway, editor in chief of USA TODAY, talks about USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  Hi I'm David Callaway is editor in chief of USA
00:05  today. The US stock market is poised to finish 2014. With
00:10  one of its best years ever with the Dow Jones Industrial
00:13  Average and the S&P 500 index setting record after record. And
00:17  the NASDAQ poised to recapture levels that hasn't seen in fifteen
00:21  years. Against that backdrop. USA today has convened for Wall Street's
00:27  most successful market strategists. Ports and nineteenth annual investment roundtable. To
00:32  tell you what they expect it's gonna happen next year to
00:35  year investments we help you like it.
75 CONNECT 105 TWEET 16 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A19VW3
USA TODAY INVESTMENT ROUNDTABLE 2015

http://usat.ly/1w5TI4D5 things for investors to brace for in 2015
Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 11:59 p.m. EST December 11, 2014
Video Keywords S&P 500 market stability initial phase Biotech Google FaceBook
Dan Chung, CEO and chief investment officer of Alger, talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ during USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  Number one do you think the NASDAQ after fifteen years
00:07  we'll finally get back. To its old record high back in
00:10  the behaving at 2000. You know in this so what's driving
00:14  that and more importantly. What message will that new high beat
00:17  the market went it will will be the NASDAQ I'd be
00:20  viewed as. And the good side of the market stability healing
00:25  or will it be viewed. As yet you know a potential
00:28  and another sign. Day another bubble. That is you know ready
00:33  to burst and what you're taking anything remarkable react to that.
00:37  So I think the market will vest and an aspect particular
00:39  definitely. Test build on and I think it will go and
00:44  beyond it. On. I think the message actually is a very
00:48  positive wanted. Kind of powerful if you think it long sweeps
00:51  the time which is that while clearly below heights it reached
00:55  in the bubble. The initial phase of the Internet particular. Were
01:01  too early too fast too early. Bomb. But I find it
01:05  interesting that fifteen years later I think. The value in the
01:10  NASDAQ is a little higher than the S&P 500 but the
01:13  growth is also substantially higher. Driven of course by tech but
01:15  also been healthcare consumer which together are really 88% announced back.
01:21  On you know I looked at the sub components that the
01:23  NASDAQ carefully over the last couple weeks and there are many
01:26  parts of it including what's the biggest holding unit which is
01:29  apple which are not at all expensively values I think are
01:33  undervalued so. Armed and very confident that aspect of reached new
01:36  highs and I think witness over the last fifteen years says
01:38  is that. The idea that drove. The market to its highs
01:44  in the in the first phase. We're not in correct it
01:47  was simply hiding. Over the last fifteen years though these are
01:51  better companies that built that this has carefully. On a better
01:54  manage to beat of course have a new generation Google wasn't
01:57  part of that. Neither was FaceBook. But also for example in
02:02  the Biotech Kerry and farming area a lot of the drugs
02:05  that were not exciting early developments. Are now actually real products.
The 2014 USA TODAY Investment Roundtable contributors: Dan Chung, CEO and Chief Investment Officer at Alger; Savita Subramanian, head of U.S. Equity & Quantitative Strategy at BofA Merrill Lynch;  Rick Rieder, Chief Investment Officer of Fundamental Fixed Income at BlackRock; and Rupal Bhansali, Chief Investment Officer of International Equities at Ariel Investments in New York City, got together on Dec. 5, 2014.
(Photo: Todd Plitt, USA TODAY)
75 CONNECT 105 TWEET 16 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
What would finally make investors happy? The market has been making new highs almost daily this year and has tripled from its 2009 lows. Yet it's one of the most hated and distrusted bull markets, giving stocks a bad rap they don't deserve, say panelists at USA TODAY's 19th annual Investment Roundtable.
These strategists and money managers don't see danger from the markets, anything but. Practically universally, they agreed stocks are headed higher in 2015, although they expect a bumpier ride amid a jump in market volatility. And while stocks might not chalk up another year of double-digit percentage gains, investors will be glad they stayed in the market, these analysts say.
That's just one of the major takeaways from USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable held Friday in New York. USA TODAY will roll out continued coverage of the 2015 Investment Roundtable next week. Details, including stock picks and other detailed forecasts, are forthcoming. But investors who can't wait that long can chew on the five key points, including:
•The market will continue to plow higher. Stocks might not be as cheap as they were a few years ago, but there's plenty of room to make new highs, says Dan Chung, chief investment officer at Alger Funds, who called this "one of the most hated bull markets in equities of all time." Investors will just have to be more selective in picking spots in the market that still have plenty of upside left, says Rupal Bhansali, chief investment officer of international equities at Ariel Investments.
•Higher rates aren't a bull killer. It's likely the Federal Reserve will raise short-term rates, currently pegged between 0% and 0.25%, to 1% next year, says Rick Rieder, chief investment officer of fundamental fixed income at BlackRock. But that's still "incredibly accommodating," he says. The key to the market's reaction will be the pace at which the Fed hikes rates. But Rieder expects the Fed's moves to be measured and says there are other forces in play that should keep long-term interest rates from spiking sharply. Short-term rates will continue to trade south of 2% for at least a couple of years, he adds.
This file photo shows a Wall Street sign near the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) building in New York.
(Photo: JEWEL SAMAD, AFP/Getty Images)
•Nasdaq is going to see more action. If there's been one blemish on this bull market it's that the Nasdaq remains the last major stock index to be unable to notch a new record high. But that will change next year, says Chung, who predicts the tech-focused stock index will finally take out its March 10, 2000, record close of 5048.62. Stocks in the Nasdaq are in much better health now than they were in 2000. Much lower valuations and improved profitability — not to mention companies such as Google that weren't even publicly traded companies 15 years ago — will finally put the Nasdaq on new high ground, Chung says.
•Rise of volatility. The panelists agreed that while market gains might be modestly upward, they won't be easy. Chung says he wouldn't be surprised to see periods of intense volatility next year, not unlike the biotech-stock drubbing in early 2014 and the nearly 10% broad market decline in the fall. But that's why these stock pickers think that stock picking will be more important in 2015. "Volatility is an opportunity," says Bhansali. For instance, she thinks that many health care companies will find demand for their services to be so great that earnings will benefit.
•It's not a risk-free market. Stocks have room to run, but there are still concerns. Many equity and fixed-income investors, for example, have been piling into the same trades, which increases the risks of losses if those trades reverse. Many investors, for example, are shorting short-term interest rates, going long the U.S. dollar and building long positions in shorter maturity European bonds, according to Rieder. "You have to diversify like crazy," he says. Similarly, some panelists worry that investors that have rushed into bond-like stocks — such as high-dividend-paying stocks and utilities -- might be paying too much.
One big worry for foreign-stock focused Bhansali is China. She fears the real estate bubble there led to an overload of debt — one that the government might find itself on the hook for, she says. Big debt binges tend to end badly, and that's a concern for China. Growth in China and India is especially important, since that could be the needed antidote to sluggish growth in Europe, Chung says.
But despite these risks, stocks are the place to be, Bhansali says. "There is a scarcity of growth and yield in the world," she says. "Get the best of both worlds from the equity market," where many stocks yield more than 10-year U.S. government bonds.
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Wall Street's stock market S&P 500 NASDAQ
David Callaway, editor in chief of USA TODAY, talks about USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  Hi I'm David Callaway is editor in chief of USA
00:05  today. The US stock market is poised to finish 2014. With
00:10  one of its best years ever with the Dow Jones Industrial
00:13  Average and the S&P 500 index setting record after record. And
00:17  the NASDAQ poised to recapture levels that hasn't seen in fifteen
00:21  years. Against that backdrop. USA today has convened for Wall Street's
00:27  most successful market strategists. Ports and nineteenth annual investment roundtable. To
00:32  tell you what they expect it's gonna happen next year to
00:35  year investments we help you like it.
75 CONNECT 105 TWEET 16 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A19VW3
USA TODAY INVESTMENT ROUNDTABLE 2015

A redesigned  slimmer Google Glass likely to be unveiled next yearDec 08, 2014 at 10:35am IST
A redesigned, slimmer Google Glass likely to be unveiled next year
11
0
New York: The new version of Intel-powered Google Glass may look slimmer and sleeker than its earlier version.
The exteriors of the new device also adds a textured area to the touch-sensitive side panel where non-voice interactions are performed, media reports said. Google Glass is expected to be unveiled next year.
The Google patent describes a sleeker version of Google Glass that should still draw plenty of public attention. The entire thing appears more like a futuristic headset and less like a modified pair of glasses.
The new version of Intel-powered Google Glass may look slimmer and sleeker than its earlier version.
Google Glass is presently available for $1,500, though it is speculated that the final retail version will sell for a lot less. Glass displays information in a smartphone-like hands-free format. Wearers communicate with the Internet via natural language voice commands.
5

Discoverys Eaten Alive guy isnt actually eaten alive by snake  and viewers are furious— Matthew Unga (@matthewunga) December 8, 2014
This is why I have trust issues @Discovery #EatenAlive
— Mike Wolf (@MikeWolf15) December 8, 2014
I can relate to this #EatenAlive guy. I've been wrapped up in my comforter a little too tight and had trouble breathing. Not impressed.
— Chase McDonald (@ChaseMcDonald3) December 8, 2014
The only thing that anaconda swallowed were the two hours of my life I'll never get back. #EatenAlive
— Zach Aplin (@Zaplin64) December 8, 2014
“Super disappointed in this Eaten Alive show.. I just sat here for two hours to see a snake lick the top of this dudes head,” tweeted another.
But really, who are we kidding? Any buzz is good for ratings, and therefore, Discovery is likely perfectly fine with the outcome. For those who missed it: Discovery, jazzed about its ratings for other live, death-defying stunts , billed the two-hour “Eaten Alive” special as something pretty spectacular. Rosolie would hunt in the Amazon for a deadly anaconda; don a special protective suit; bathe himself in pig’s blood to attract the animal; and be consumed (and maybe regurgitated?) by the aforementioned snake for everyone’s viewing pleasure.
Of course, it made tons of headlines and PETA immediately condemned the act, even though Rosolie insisted the whole stunt was to draw attention to preserving the Amazon. The special was pre-taped, and the network assured that both Rosolie and the snake — who has the capability to regurgitate food it doesn’t like — would make it out alive.
Still, it was pretty highly-hyped: “On ‘EATEN ALIVE’…naturalist and wildlife filmmaker Paul Rosolie enters the belly of an anaconda in a snake-proof suit,” reads the Google description under Discovery’s Web site when you search for the show, which of course is false. In a press release, however, the network was more cautious, saying “Rosolie’s goal was to persevere through the constriction and potential ingestion deep into the belly of the beast.” (Emphasis is ours.)
Snake researcher Paul Rosolie says he is doing everything he can to preserve the Amazon rain forest, including feeding himself to an anaconda in the upcoming TV special, "Eaten Alive." (AP)
 
Viewers may have noticed something was up when first 90 minutes of the special was all about Rosolie’s team’s hunt for a killer 25-foot anadonda that Rosolie spotted years ago on another Amazon expedition. He really wanted to try to get eaten alive by that creature, which he thinks is the largest snake in the world. But it didn’t pan out, so the team was forced to use a back-up snake.
There's 16 minutes left and this man is not in a snake's mouth. What have they been doing for the last hour and 44 minutes?? #EatenAlive
— Amy Mariani (@AmyMariani) December 8, 2014
If that wasn’t a foreshadowing for the disappointment to come, well, you are probably not familiar with the disappointing expectations of reality television. The only snake-eating action was in the last 10 minutes, when Rosolie  approached the snake in the water. The anaconda — nearly 20-feet long and terrifying — circled around him and then started to constrict. Rosolie was fine at first, and then we got a crazy picture (via Rosolie’s helmet camera) into the snake’s throat.
All of a sudden, Rosolie started to freak out because the snake was crushing his arm. “Are you okay?” one of his team members asked through the headset, a question that also was mocked on Twitter.
"Are you OK?" Doing great, thanks. #EatenAlive
— Brian Compton (@BComptonNHL) December 8, 2014
No, Rosolie was not okay, and the team had to rush in and rescue him. And that was it — though Rosolie promised at the end of the special that his hunt for the largest snake in the world still isn’t over.
So, yeah, pretty disappointing cliffhanger. On the 15-minute “Discovery News” special afterwards, the host asked Rosolie about the negative reaction from animal supporters about putting a snake through all that stress, though he didn’t bring up people’s disappointment that he was still…alive. Several tweets scrolled through the bottom of the screen as some people noted it was a  fascinating thing to see on TV.
And then there were lots who still felt cheated by the lack of snake digestion:
Hey @discovery , can I have my own show? #EatenAlive pic.twitter.com/OLEZykn1sx

Chinks in "Opposition unity" armourChinks in "Opposition unity" armour?
Kavita Chowdhury | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 10:40 AM IST
With an overwhelming majority, the Narendra Modi government had anticipated smooth sailing in the winter session of Parliament. However the Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti issue has precipitated a show of unusual Opposition unity. All of last week, Opposition parties ensured that Parliament was disrupted and no business transacted in the upper house for four days. However the so called united Opposition face that is being projected, is just that - tentative. The coming together of these parties led by the Congress is replete with internal contradictions.
While nine Opposition party leaders from the Rajya Sabha have signed a joint statement demanding a censure motion on hate speeches, their counterparts in Lok Sabha have not done anything similar. 
Within individual parties itself, problems have started cropping up, for instance within the Central and state factions of the CPM over the Parliament protests. At the behest of the West Bengal unit, the CPM pulled out of the black bands protest outside Parliament because they cannot be seen protesting alongside arch rival Trinamool Congress TMC.
Regional parties like JD(U), BSP, SP are privately maintaining that “getting Narendra  Modi to make a condemnation statement is enough”. “We can claim it as our moral victory making this government agree to our demand,” confided a senior leader.
Congress which is leading the Opposition has already admitted that they have climbed down on their demands from resignation to resolution. 
Several Opposition leaders disclosed to this reporter, that despite whatever the Congress claimed, it had infact struck a “deal” with the government to resolve the logjam. Get the PM to make a statement and everyone will be placated. “We didn’t make any such promise to give up our protest – the Congress did so they should now do some explaining,” said an exasperated Opposition leader.   
Incidentally the AIADMK and the BJD are not aligning with the Opposition and have steadfastly kept away.
It’s a cliché by now- that a weekend is a long time in politics. Whether the two day break has done anything to cool flaring tempers or on the contrary deepened the resolve of the Opposition not to surrender will be evident on the floor of the house this week.  

http://usat.ly/1yfhGL2FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Burger King's Yumbo hoagie is back
It's been missing from Burger King's menu for 40 years. But now the fast food chain is bringing back the Yumbo.
Post to Facebook
Burger King's Yumbo hoagie is back It's been missing from Burger King's menu for 40 years. But now the fast food chain is bringing back the Yumbo. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CEVcGd
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
8
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Burger King's Yumbo hoagie is back
Jessica Durando , USA TODAY Network 2:41 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Yumbo is back after four decades.
(Photo: Burger King via WKYC-TV)
1204 CONNECT 32 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Calling it a blast from the past, Burger King is bringing back the Yumbo after a 40-year hiatus.
This Yumbo is a ham and cheese sandwich with black forest ham, American cheese, lettuce and mayo on a toasted hoagie bun.
A version of the Yumbo debuted in 1968 and was taken off the menu in 1974.
It will cost $3.69 and be available for a limited time, the fast-food chain said in a statement according to Yahoo. The sandwich clocks in at 490 calories .
Burger King did not say how long the Yumbo will be on the menu at its approximately 7,360 restaurants, Yahoo reports.
Follow @JessicaDurando on Twitter
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CEVcGd
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Roger Federer enthralls New Delhi on India debutsports
Roger Federer enthralls New Delhi on India debut
The IPTL contest between Indian Aces and Singapore Slammers was overshadowed by the presence of the living legend Roger Federer, who walked out in New Delhi to a roaring welcome. The Swiss Maestro kept waving at the spectators, who were on their feet to welcome the legend. (Source: Reuters)
After a light warm-up session, Roger Federer combined with Indian tennis ace in the mixed-doubles contest and the duo were all at ease in the middle. (Source: AP)
Sania was definitely 'honoured' to play with Federer, but she didn't go in the background and made her presence felt with some sharp winners. (Source: Reuters)
Federer was at his vintage best. He did play some unforced errors but was sublime at the net. (Source: AP)
Sania and Federer sealed their contest comfortably and put their team in a good position after Pete Sampras lost his match against Pat Rafter in the legends category. (Source: PTI)
After the mixed-doubles win, Federer stayed in the court for the doubles contest and effectively paired up with Rohan Bopanna to extend Indian Aces' lead. (Source: AP)
The Swiss maestro was a class apart and dominated proceedings. His trademark volleys were a treat and he ensured to enthrall the Indians on his first hit on Indian soil. (Source: Reuters)
Next up, Roger Federer will take on a mouth-watering contest against Novak Djokovic in New Delhi on Monday. Fasten your seat belts, as this will blow you away! (Source: AP)
Related

Make Gita national scripture  says SushmaMake Gita national scripture, says Sushma; opposition hits out
IANS –  Sun 7 Dec, 2014
Print
New Delhi: External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj Sunday applauded Prime Minister Narendra Modi's gesture of presenting the Bhagavad Gita to world leaders, saying it elevated the holy book to the status of a national scripture. Opposition parties termed it "frivolous" and an "attempt to implement Hindutva ideology".
Swaraj proposed the need for a formal announcement that would officially establish the Gita's status as a national scripture.
"Prime Minister Modi gifted the Bhagavad Gita to US President Barack Obama, which means it has already received the honour of a national scripture. What we require is only a formal announcement now to officially declare the Gita as a national scripture," Swaraj said at a public meeting at the Red Fort held to commemorate 5,151 years of the Gita.
Underscoring the importance of the Gita in daily life, Swaraj said its message to perform one's duty without feeling attached to its outcome is what guides her sense of duty at the external affairs ministry.
"I face a whole range of world problems at the department (external affairs ministry). Guided by the Gita's principle, I thank Lord Krishna for giving me the outcome of my efforts as per my will. And in case of the opposite, I accept the outcome as His divine will," she said.
The Gita, believed to be the divine advice of Lord Krishna, is a 700-verse Hindu scripture that is part of the epic Mahabharata.
Its call for selfless action inspired many leaders of the independence movement, including Mahatma Gandhi who referred to the Gita as his "spiritual dictionary".
The pitch for declaring the Gita as a national holy book provoked the Trinamool Congress to say the Constitution was the "holy book" in a democracy.
"Our Constitution says India is a secular country. The Constitution is the Holy Book in a democracy," the Trinamool wrote on Twitter.
"We respect all Holy Books. The Quran, Puran, Ved, Vedanta, Bible, Tripitak, Zend Avesta, Guru Granth Sahib, Gita - All are our pride," the party tweeted.
Congress leader Manish Tewari said the essence of the Gita lies in its substance and not in its symbolism.
"So, if anybody has seriously read and internalised the teachings of the Gita, they would not make such a frivolous statement," he said.
In Kolkata, the Left Front chairman and CPI-M politburo member Biman Bose termed it "nothing but yet another attempt to implement the ideologies of RSS and Hindutva in the country".
Organised by the Global Inspiration Enlightenment Organisation Gita (GEIO Gita), the Red Fort event marked the end of a week-long celebration - Gita Prerna Mahotsav - that sought to create awareness about the scripture as a source of practical inspiration for people in politics, education, business and other fields.
Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar, who was also present, called for issuing a postal stamp to mark the Bhagavad Gita's anniversary.
Gita lovers from across India participated in the event to promote its message beyond communal and racial divisions.
"I have faith in the Gita," said Yusuf A. Ranapurwala, president of the Minority Morcha, who came to the event along with 15 other Muslims from Gujarat.
"The prime minister has asked all of us to stay united as a nation. We all have to walk together while looking beyond our disparate religious backgrounds," he told IANS.
In view of the Indian diaspora's appreciation for Modi's work in making the Gita significant worldwide, Britain-based Steve White told IANS that the Gita was "universally relevant for its preaching that also helps in personality development".
Vishwa Hindu Parishad leader Ashok Singhal, yoga guru Ramdev, GEIO Gita founder Swami Gyananand Maharaj and noted heart specialist Naresh Trehan also attended the event along with many spiritual leaders and foreign dignitaries from over 20 countries.
Recommend

Delhi Govt bans Uber  says it s misleading customers | Full CoverageYou are here: Home > Collections > Licensee
Delhi Government bans Uber, says it is misleading customers
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 01.41PM IST
Tags:
Delhi Government
(Uber is "misleading customers"…)
NEW DELHI: The Delhi Government has acted after the rape incident involving a 25-year-old woman in Delhi and has issued an order on Monday banning the services of Uber India in Delhi, saying it is misleading customers. This means any taxi plying in Delhi using Uber's services can now attract fines and even be impounded.
"The services of Uber have been blacklisted. We have just issued an order saying Uber's activities stand banned in Delhi," Special Commissioner of Delhi Transport Department , Satish Mathur has told ET. He added that Uber is "misleading customers" by offering them Taxis with All-India permits that cannot ply in Delhi from point-to-point ferrying customers. "In this rape case, the victim was provided a All India Permit Taxi which is not allowed to ferry customers point-to-point in the National capital.
We will also be issuing a public notice saying Uber is not authorised to provide any taxi services in the capital so that customers are aware which are the authorised radio Cab services. Uber is not a authorised radio cab service and has been operating illegally," Mathur said. When asked if other companies like Ola and Taxi-For-Sure will also face the heat as they employ similar methodology as Uber to provide Taxis to customers through a mobile application, Mathur said the matter will need to be studied further with regard to other companies. "Right now, we have banned Uber as we came to know only after this incident about its services in Delhi. We too had to log on to the internet to know how the company works," Mathur has told ET.
Click here for Full Coverage
Mathur pointed out that cabs ferrying customers in Delhi from point-to-point have to follow rules under the Radio Taxi Scheme, 2006 which specifies that the licensee must be either a company under the Companies Act, 1956 or a society under the Societies Registration Act, 1860. The rules also say that licensee must demonstrate possession of adequate parking space for all taxies and office space (minimum of 1000 sq. ft.) for accommodating the control room with radio communication and ten telephone lines, minimum fleet size per license would be 500 motor cabs and vehicle must be fitted with GPS/GPRS based tracking devises which must be in constant communication with the Central Control unit while the vehicles is on duty. "The rules also say that the radio taxi licensee shall be responsible for quality of drivers, their police verification, employer control and supervision of drivers, employee behaviour.
The employers shall also ensure that the drivers are totally safe, reliable and trustworthy. But Uber never applied for any permission to us, is not recognised under the Radio Taxi Rules and has flouted most of the laid-down rules," Mathur said. He however denied receiving any complaints against Uber in the past.
Matters have gone worse for Uber on Monday after it was revealed that the accused driver in the present case, Shiv Kumar Yadav, has a criminal history and was in fact arrested for raping another woman in 2011 while ferrying her in a cab from Gurgaon to Mehrauli. Yadav had spent seven months in Tihar Jail and was presently out on bail. Delhi Police officials, who have summoned Uber executives for questioning, say the company did not exercise basic background checks or subject the driver to a police verification before allowing him to join Uber's services and offer his taxi to customers through the Uber mobile application.
Uber meanwhile issued a fresh statement on Tuesday saying it will work with the government "to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs" and partner closely with the groups "who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women." Home Minister Rajnath Singh made a statement in Parliament on the case as well.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1FJEWzUFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Pizza Hut's new 'Subconscious Menu' tracks eye movement
Pizza Hut teamed up with Tobii Technologies to create a menu that tracks your eye movement and reveal what you really want to order. Gillian Pensavalle (@GillianWithaG) has the details. Video provided by Buzz60
Post to Facebook
Pizza Hut's new 'Subconscious Menu' tracks eye movement Pizza Hut teamed up with Tobii Technologies to create a menu that tracks your eye movement and reveal what you really want to order. Gillian Pensavalle (@GillianWithaG) has the details. Video provided by Buzz60 Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1rOAbEg
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Pizza Hut's new 'Subconscious Menu' tracks eye movement
Pizza Hut teamed up with Tobii Technologies to create a menu that tracks your eye movement and reveal what you really want to order. Gillian Pensavalle (@GillianWithaG) has the details. Video provided by Buzz60 Newslook
More Videos:

European stocks soft on growth concernsGlobal growth concerns undermine stocks
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a44213b4-7e8d-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex ends 338 points down; seen slipping 5% more in Dec: top betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex ends 338 points down; seen slipping 5% more in December; top stocks to bet on
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 03.36PM IST
Tags:
ACC Ltd.
(Sensex plunged as much as…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex plunged as much as 361 points in trade on Monday, led by sharp losses seen in Infosys, TCS, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and L&T.
The Indian markets underperformed other Asian peers as profit booking extended for the second straight session in a row. The 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8500 and also broke below its 20-DMA placed at 8452 levels.
According to experts, the markets are likely to witness some bit of profit booking and may fall as much as 5 per cent in the rest of the month, but the overall trend still remains intact and investors can look at accumulating stocks at lower levels.
"My firm view is that there should be another 5 per cent correction in the boarder indices that should continue till January end. We rose the highest among many comparable markets and therefore I firmly believe that the profit booking should continue from the institutional, particularly the FIIs," says G Chokkalingam, Founder, Equinomics Research & Advisory Pvt Ltd.
"I suggest investors should hold on to cash, at least 5% to 10% of the equity portfolio. Two, they should definitely sell stocks which are overvalued," he adds.
The BSE Sensex finally closed 338.70 points lower at 28,119.40. It hit a low of 28,097.12 and a high of 28494.85 in trade today. The 50-share Nifty index closed below its crucial psychological support level of 8500 at 8,438.25.
Another factor highlighted by experts is the fact that December is generally seen as a slow month given the fact that most of the key events are already over. There is not much on domestic or global front which will aide trading activity.
"There will be lower activity in December, but it's also the time when price magnification appears more amplified. Also, considering the fact that it is a quarter for many managers to print their NAVs, I do not think December should close at a lower Nifty level than what we saw in November," says Vineet Bhatnagar, MD, PhillipCapital.
"However, at the same time, I also think that the Nifty looks very tightly range-bound. If you look at the way the F&O distribution is panning out, you will see that calls are concentrated at 8600-8700. So, it is a very tight range that we are looking at," he adds.
We have collated a list of stocks and sectors which are looking attractive for the month of December:
Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
Delta Corp: Delta Corp is in a short-term sideways trend. As the stock is trading above its Rs 200 DMA and sustaining above the support level of 75, it is likely to experience fresh buying with the crossing of next resistance mark of 105. One may expect the targets of 135-150 in the stock with the strict stop loss of 75.
Tornt Power: The stock is in a correction phase, but after giving breakout of reversal pattern it is managing to sustain above the neckline of the pattern. It is likely to show recovery in near term with the crossing of the level of 174. Support is at 146. One can expect the targets of 205-210 in the stock with the strict stop loss of 146.
Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services
I believe that banking, autos and infra would remain in focus during the month. These are the segments which are recovering and likely to report strong growth going forward. However, valuation in a few companies is running ahead of the fundamentals.
 
G Chokkalingam, Founder, Equinomics Research & Advisory Pvt Ltd
Defensive stocks should do well, but many stocks in consumer staple also trade at huge valuations. There are some names whose turnover is less than Rs 1000 crore compared to Rs 9000 crore of profit from ITC. They trade 1000 bps premium to stock like ITC. So it is very difficult to dig out good names in defensives.
Still, I would go with names like ITC. I firmly believe that if the valuation gap comes down and with economic recovery, their hotel business also should start improving the profits. So among all defensives I would go very strongly on ITC with a target price of around 440.
Vineet Bhatnagar, MD, PhillipCapital
The auto sector has been consolidating for some time now. A lot of cement names have also moved up quite rapidly in between August and October period. Going forward, there is going to be a breakout in the cement sector again and we like UltraTech which is the front runner. We also like ACC. So these are the two names that we are happily looking at from the long side.
We like Bank of India in the midcap space and we have put out buy calls on City Union Bank, Federal Bank, Lakshmi Vilas Bank, and Karnataka Bank. But all of them have moved quite sharply. So I will rather not repeat the names again because those trades have run their course. ITC is going to give a breakout even from here. It is moving towards 430.
Anup Maheshwari, EVP and Head-Equities, DSP BlackRock Investment Managers
After four or five years of the economy slowing down, we are reaching trough, we will see a pickup, it is a slow pickup, it is not a very sharp pickup clearly. But as interest rates go down, there tends to be a positive effect on a lot of balance sheets that are more cyclical in nature and as the economy picks up, hopefully we will see some positive effect there and generally valuations are still reasonably low in many cases.
We have always had a soft spot for the pharma sector in our portfolios in the sense that it is one of the best-performing shareholder value creating sectors in the long term. There is no question about it. We are underweight at this point in time for the simple reason that we again see valuations a little stretched.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys ends day 5% down;  it is a long play  can surge 5% in 4 daysYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Block deal pressure good opportunity to buy Infosys
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 05.55PM IST
Tags:
Barclays
(Infosys was witnessing…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys saw intense selling pressure through the day, following a huge block deal on the counter. Four founder members of the company have sold 25 per cent stake of their holding to raise $1.1 billion.
They sold 3.23 crore shares at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 per share in 16 block deals through Deutsche Bank . The block deal was at 4 per cent discount to Friday's closing price.
The stock has been recently down on profit booking as investors booked profits after the stock started trading ex-bonus on the exchanges.
The stock closed the session on Monday at Rs 1,968.60; down 4.88%, at Rs 101.10.
However, the sharp correction in the stock should be utilized by investors to buy the stock. According to dealers, the stock may see an upmove of over Rs 100 in the next 3-4 days.
This means that the stock can return over 5% in 3-4 days, as the experts say, if we calculate from today's intraday low of 1,967.55.
The overhang of the block deal is expected to be short-lived.
"There is still a pent-up demand for this erstwhile bellwether for the IT sector. As we have said earlier, a lot of new long only money that is going to come into India will definitely find way into names like Infosys and SBI," said Vineet Bhatnagar, MD, PhillipCapital to ET Now.
"From that point of view, if you like a three-year view, then you must be looking at Infosys. Sikka seems to be making good amount of news as well as work. So I would imagine that there is interest in the stock with the three-year view," Bhatnagar added.
The company recently held analysts' meet and most analysts remain bullish on the company's growth prospects after Vishal Sikka took over as the CEO and MD. Dr Sikka reiterated that Infosys continues to be on track to return to industry levels of growth by June 2016.
Analysts at Barclays Research are of the view that the management's top down strategy at the meet suggested the revival will be driven by higher revenue productivity led by adoption of AI and automation and investments in sales force leading to better account mining and large deal wins.
"While contribution of new services to the top-line will likely be minimal, pursuing these initiatives has helped the company to establish a strategic dialogue with its clients. We maintain our OW rating and adjust our target price to Rs 2,500, to account for the 1:1 bonus issue," the report added. Analysts are bullish on the company's growth outlook as the management reiterated its focus on renewing the existing business, while focusing on new business simultaneously.
"We expect the company to report an EPS of Rs 107.9 and Rs 123.2 in FY15e and FY16e, respectively. We also introduce our FY17e EPS estimate of INR140.1, implying a three-year EPS CAGR of 14.6%. The stock is currently quoting at FY16e and FY17e PER of 17.1x and 15.0x, respectively. We reiterate Buy rating on the company with a target price of INR 2,382, based on 17x FY17e EPS," said an Antique Stock Broking report. CLSA has a 'Buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2500.
"We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital. Infosys is clearly exploiting its latent strengths in training and talent to catapult it back to industry leadership," said a CLSA report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Governance practices improving in India Inc:...corporate governance
(According to the report,…)
NEW DELHI: Corporate governance practices across the top 150 companies in the country have improved, but the female representation on board of companies is still skewed, says a report by Grant Thornton.
According to the assurance, tax and advisory firm, while provisions like having a whistle blower mechanism has been widely accepted by India Inc, having a women director in the board is still a challenge for most of them.
According to the report, only 7 per cent of the directors are women in India's top 150 companies in terms of market capitalisation.
"Companies Act 2013 has given a major boost to corporate governance in India and has given a clear path to companies in mitigating several risks which occur at various levels of doing business in India," Grant Thornton India LLP Partner Harish HV said.
"We need to create enabling support mechanisms and achieve the real benefits of having such women on the Board who can contribute. Otherwise, with typical Indian ingenuity, promoters will add a female member of the family to the Board to meet the letter but not the spirit behind the rules," Harish HV said.
"Although the figure shows a positive increase compared to 2013, the fact remains that female representation on Boards of India Inc is still skewed," Governance Observer - the Grant Thornton publication on Governance covering a study of directors and governance said.
The report noted that out of the top 150 listed companies in India, only 4 firms opted for a woman chairperson. A mere 61 women are holding the post of independent director, while 23 women are executive directors, and 27 women are non- executive and non-independent director.
The study said companies that have turnover higher than Rs 10,000 crores prefer a larger board size and in terms of sectors, manufacturing took the lead with the maximum number of directors on the Board.
The report focused on matters relating to corporate governance such as board size, classification of directors, roles and responsibilities of independent directors, risk management, vigil/whistle blower mechanism, related party transactions, codes of conduct for the Board and senior management.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong abuse case: Indonesian maid says tortured with vacuum cleanertubeIndonesian domestic helper Erwiana Sulistyaningsih lies in a bed whilst being treated at a hospital in Sragen, Indonesia's Central Java province January 17, 2014. (Source:Reuters)
By: Reuters | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:16 pm
An Indonesian domestic helper told a Hong Kong court on Monday that she had been tortured by her employer, with a vacuum cleaner tube placed in her mouth and twisted to cause lacerations, public broadcaster RTHK said.
The landmark trial, featuring pictures of Erwiana Sulistyaningsih’s bruised body, has sparked international outrage at the treatment of maids in the Asian financial centre.
Former Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono denounced her treatment as torture.
Sulistyaningsih’s employer, Law Wan-tung, a former beautician, faces 20 charges, including inflicting grievous bodily harm, assault, and criminal intimidation.
The public broadcaster said Law appeared calm as she pleaded not guilty to all the charges, except one, of failing to take out an insurance policy for an employee.
The domestic helper told the court, through an interpreter, that her employer had slapped, scratched, and punched her.
She said her employer had also hit her with hangers, mop handles and a ladder, and she was not paid or allowed enough food or rest, Hong Kong’s public broadcaster RTHK reported.
Sulistyaningsih was only allowed to sleep from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. each day, and given six pieces of bread and a bowl of rice, she added.
While cases of such harsh treatment are rare, Hong Kong’s policies on migrant workers have made maids reluctant to report abuse for fear of losing their livelihoods and being deported.
Maids are paid a minimum wage equivalent to about $520, an attractive sum for women fleeing poverty elsewhere in Asia.
Hong Kong, a former British territory that returned to Chinese rule in 1997, has about 300,000 foreign domestic helpers, most of them from the Philippines and Indonesia.
In April, Time magazine ranked Sulistyaningsih among its 100 Most Influential People, alongside Russian president Vladimir Putin and U.S. singer Beyonce. (Reporting by Farah Master; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)

Twitter suspends Mumbai terror accused Hafiz SaeedsaccountBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:05 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 4:56 pm
Twitter has suspended all the Lashkar-e-Taiba linked accounts (@HafizSaeedJUD and @JUD_Official). However, the move has failed to deter the terror outfit from using the social media platform as it has reopened its accounts with 01 added, i.e, @HafizSaeedJUD01 and @JUD_Official01.
Hafiz Saeed, who masterminded the ghastly Mumbai terror attacks, was active on Twitter spewing venom against India. Hafiz Saeed used the social networking site for his aggressive anti-India stand often calling for war against India.
Saeed, who roams around freely in Pakistan despite being a designated terrorist, said at a rally that the “Pakistanis and Kashmiris are blood brothers and they cannot be separated.”
The micro-bogging site apparently on its own took the action against the Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) chief.
The site can suspend user accounts for violation of rules which include impersonation, copyright infringement, violence and threats. Saeed’s Twitter account @HafizSaeedJUD now reads “account suspended”.
With logistical support from the Pakistan government, Saeed on Friday told his supporters that Pakistanis should come forward and help the Kashmiris in getting “freedom” from India.
“If India can send troops to Afghanistan to help the US, then Mujahideen have every right to go to Kashmir and help their brethren. Kashmiris are clamouring for help and it is our duty to respond to their call,” he had said addressing a JuD congregation at historical Minar-e-Pakistan ground in Lahore.
The United Nations declared JuD a terrorist organisation and also individually designated Saeed as a terrorist in December 2008. Saeed, who also has a US bounty of 10 million dollars on him, roams freely in Pakistan and often addresses public rallies in which he routinely makes inflammatory statements against India.
Pakistan has said that there is no case against Saeed and that he is free to move in the country as a Pakistani national. India has repeatedly demanded Pakistan to hand over Saeed for questioning over his role in the 2008 Mumbai attacks that claimed 166 lives.
JuD was banned in 2002 by Pakistan but later a court lifted the ban due to lack of evidence on the group’s involvement in militancy. The group is also banned by the US, the EU, India and Russia as a terror organisation. In June 2014, the US declared JuD a subsidiary of terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba. (With PTI inputs)

19 candidates in fray for Sri Lankan presidentialelectionsBy: Associated Press | Sri Lanka |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:59 pm
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa and his former health minister were among 19 people Monday to hand in nominations to contest the island’s presidential election next month.
The papers from the 19 were handed in to Elections Commissioner Mahinda Deshapriya after Rajapaksa called the election to seek an unprecedented third term, two years before his second term ends.
Rajapaksa was first elected in 2005 and won re-election in 2009 and he is seeking a third mandate endorsing his performance amid criticism locally and internationally.
His administration is accused of corruption, nepotism and shrinking democratic processes, and he faces a United Nations inquiry into war crimes allegedly committed in ending a 25-year separatist war.
“I will win, I know the people are with me, it’s very clear,” Rajapaksa told reporters outside the elections office.
Rajapaksa’s former health minister and party No. 2, Maithripala Sirisena, has become his main challenger and he is now backed by the main opposition United National Party.
Sirisena has accused Rajapaksa of misusing his all-powerful presidency, and has vowed to abolish the president’s executive powers, and strengthen the Parliament and judiciary if he is elected.
“I will be committed to bring about the changes the country needs,” Sirisena said. “It is clear that we will achieve a magnificent victory. With that we will wipe out family rule, strengthen freedom and democracy and build up a country free of corruption and fear.”
Three of Rajapaksa’s brothers hold top positions— one as a Cabinet minister, another as Parliament speaker and a third as a powerful defense secretary controlling the armed forces. Rajapaksa’s elder son and a niece are lawmakers and there are other relatives in the government bureaucracy and diplomatic positions.
Deshapriya rejected objections raised against the candidacies of both Rajapaksa and Sirisena, saying their applications were within the rules. But the commissioner expressed concern over election violence that has broken out, and advised candidates and supporters to respect election laws.
He urged media outlets and government officials to act impartially and said his office will monitor media reporting.
Several opposition supporters and their homes have been attacked since Sirisena defected from Rajapaksa and announced his candidacy last month.
The election is Jan. 8, just five days before Pope Francis arrives in the country for a three-day visit. The closeness between the election and the papal visit and the possibility of violence has prompted some Catholic clergy to seek a postponement of the visit.

Court convicts all four accused in 1975 L N Mishra murdercaseBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:45 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 6:04 pm
Nearly 40 years after the then Railway Minister Lalit Narayan Mishra was killed in a bomb blast at a function at Samastipur Railway Station in Bihar, a Delhi court today convicted four persons for the charges of murder and criminal conspiracy.
District Judge (DJ) Vinod Goel convicted the four persons, Ranjan Dwivedi, Santoshananda Avadhuta, Sudevananda Avadhuta and Gopalji for various offences punishable under the IPC, including sections 302 (murder), 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapon or means) and 324 (voluntarily causing hurt).
The court also held them guilty for offences punishable under the Explosive Substances Act.
“Vide separate detailed judgement, accused Ranjan Dwivedi, Santoshananda Avadhuta, Sudevananda Avadhuta and Gopalji are convicted for offences under sections 120-B, 302, 326, 324, 34 (common intention) of the IPC,” the judge said.
The court has fixed December 15 for hearing the arguments on quantum of sentence in the case. They will either get life term or death penalty. All of them were out on bail in this case.
“All these accused be taken in custody,” the court said, adding, “Now to come up for hearing on quantum of sentence on December 15.”
Lawyers for the four convicts, who were present in the court and appeared devastated, said they will appeal against the court order.
The case relates to the bomb blast at a function attended by Mishra at Samastipur Railway Station on January 2, 1975. He succumbed to injuries the next day.
Besides Mishra, two persons had died in the bomb blast while seven others were injured.
Over 200 witnesses, including 161 prosecution witnesses and more than 40 defence witnesses, were examined in the case.
Advocate Ranjan Dwivedi, who was 24-year-old at that time and the youngest among the four, was named as an accused in
the case along with four Ananda Marga group members, one of whom has died.
The charge sheet in the case was filed on November 1, 1977 in a CBI court in Patna. The case was shifted to Delhi in 1979 on a plea by the then Attorney General to the Supreme Court.
The court, which had reserved the judgement on September 12, was earlier scheduled to pronounce it on November 10 but deferred it for today as the order was not ready.
The accused had earlier approached the Supreme Court for quashing of the trial against them in the case.
The apex court had on August 17, 2012 dismissed their pleas on the ground that proceedings could not be quashed merely because they had not been concluded in the last 37 years.
Except Gopalji, all those listed in the charge sheet in the case were also named as accused in an attempt to murder case related to the bid on the life of then Chief Justice of India A N Ray in Delhi on March 20, 1975.
Santoshananda and Sudevananda were made accused in the Justice Ray case on the basis of a confessional statement of Vikram, who had turned an approver for CBI.
While Santoshananda and Sudevananda were awarded 10 years rigorous imprisonment (RI) each, Dwivedi was sentenced to four continued…

Typhoon Hagupit: Manila braces for storm that has left 21deadBy: Associated Press | Manila |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:42 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 11:16 am
A storm that started as a frighteningly powerful typhoon started to blow away from the Philippines Tuesday, after leaving at least 21 people dead and forcing more than a million into shelters.
Typhoon Hagupit (pronounced HA’-goo-pit) dissipated into a tropical depression after crossing Lubang Island, 135 kilometers (84 miles) southwest of Manila, and was blowing into the South China Sea, forecasters said.
Batangas, the last major province lashed by Hagupit overnight, has so far not reported any casualties or major damage, echoing similar assessments from many central Philippines provinces spared of major losses.
“With God’s grace, there are zero casualties and no injuries because we were able to prepare,” said Mayor Rodolfo Manalo of Batangas’ idyllic San Juan town, a flood-prone coastal community popular for its beach resorts, where more than 2,800 villagers fled to a public gymnasium before the storm slammed ashore.
Many of the archipelago’s central provinces were still reeling from last year’s monster Typhoon Haiyan, which left more than 7,300 people dead or missing and a massive trail of destruction, fueling worries about Hagupit as it approached from the Pacific with menacing gusts of 250 kph (155 mph) last week.
Those concerns meant more than a million people readily fled from villages in the path of Hagupit _ Filipino for “smash” or “lash _ into government emergency shelters.
Hagupit left at least 21 people dead, many of whom drowned in Eastern Samar province, where the typhoon made its first landfall, according to the Philippine Red Cross. The government disaster-response agency has reported only 11 deaths, saying it was still verifying other reported casualties.
Although Hagupit blew in from the Pacific with enormous force, seasonal cold winds blowing down from China deprived it of the warm and humid seas where it draws power. The typhoon, the 18th to batter this disaster-prone country this year, slowly fizzled out.

Nitin Gadkari lashes out at Opposition for projecting BJP asanti-DalitBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:34 pm
Union Minister Nitin Gadkari on Monday said the Central government was not only committed to social equality for Dalits but also economic justice for them, as he lashed out at opposition parties for projecting BJP as
anti-Dalit and anti-minority.
Addressing a rally organised by his party MP Udit Raj at Ramlila Maidan, Gadkari said Narendra Modi government should be judged on its policies and work and not on the “propaganda spread” by other parties.
“Wherever and whenever BJP gets a chance to rule, we work for your rights and respect…Nowadays economic justice is also being discussed along with social justice. Let me assure you we are committed to social justice for you as well as economic justice.
“This poison is spread against us that we are anti- Dalits, anti-minority or anti-backward caste. It is completely wrong. Our government must be judged by our policies and work,” Gadkari said.
His comments came following demands by several speakers that SCs and STs be given reservation in private sector and judiciary and reservation in promotion should also be ensured to them.
Raj, whose All India Confederation of SC/ST Organisations held the rally, demanded reservation for the community in contractual employment, saying a large number of recruitments is being done by contract and no reservation policy is followed there.
Apna Dal MP Anupriya Patel, whose party is also a BJP ally, said, the benefits of reservation have still not reached these communities completely and demanded quota for them in private sector.
Delhi BJP President Satish Upadhyay and BJP’s Chief Whip in Lok Sabha Arjun Ram Meghwal also spoke during the rally.

India tour of Australia: Watch five famous India-AustraliafightsBy: Express News Service |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:30 pm
Which one is your favourite? The Andrew Symonds-Harbhajan Singh spat or when Virat Kohli took the Aussies on or the classic between Sachin Tendulkar and Glenn McGrath? A look at the top on-field spats. Enjoy!
Virat Kohli takes the Aussies on
Tendulkar classic
A young and angry Harbhajan takes on Ponting
More controversy!

Invoking Vajpayee  PM Narendra Modi promises development inKashmirWritten by Muzamil Jaleel | Srinagar |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 3:41 pm
“You have seen the rule of the father and son. You have seen the rule of the father and daughter. Have they done any
thing for you?” he said in an indirect reference to National Conference and PDP rule. There is a need for a majority government, a BJP government in J&K, he said. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Invoking Atal Bihari Vajpayee, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said here today that it was his duty to fulfil his predecessor’s dream of “Insaaniyat (humanity), Kashmiriyat (Kashmir’s pluralist ethos) and Jamhooriyat (democracy),” as these were the “three” pillars that can put Kashmir on the path of development.
Speaking at his first rally in the Valley, Modi — avoiding any reference to Pakistan — said that he had come to “share the people’s grief and pain” and promised to reciprocate the love he had got from the people here “with interest.”
This rally, seen as a culmination of an unprecedented mobilization and Assembly poll campaign by the BJP and RSS, came after weeks of organisation. Party members worked overnight to bring people from across the valley and even from parts of Jammu. The city was draped in saffron and around 20 large hoardings of Modi lined the roads that led to the venue, the Sher-e-Kashmir cricket stadium.
Hours ahead of Modi address, BJP’s candidates and local leaders came along with groups of supporters with party flags, donning Modi masks and shouting slogans. Several in the audience were from areas devastated by the recent floods. Though Sajjad Lone publicly denied that his party workers participated in the rally, there were several people who were Lone’s supporters.
Donning a light grey pheran (traditional Kashmiri gown), Modi tried to connect to the audience by promising a break from a past of despair and reminding them of what had once been hopeful: “For the last 30 years, two generations of youngsters here are without jobs and are living stressful lives. These Valleys (of Kashmir) would drive the entire India crazy. The way people desire to go to on the Badrinath and Kedarnath yatra, they had a similar desire to come to Valleys of Kashmir. And people from every corner of India would come here. The youngsters here wouldn’t need to leave their home to earn their livelihood”.
Modi said that he is such a Prime Sevak (Servant) who visits Kashmir again and again. “I have come here to share your grief and not to take anything from you. You have already given me a lot. What is bigger than love? It is now my
responsibility as to how to reciprocate your continued…

Russia may set up 20-24 nuclear energy units in India: EnvoyKudankulam Nuclear Power
(Russian Ambassador Alexander…)
NEW DELHI: Less than two months before Barack Obama's presence in Delhi as the Republic Day Chief Guest, Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin would unveil on Dec 11 a grand vision document to meet India's energy needs and boost trade and investment ties across wide-ranging sectors including a deal on sovereign fund notwithstanding a recent veiled threat from US official of the risks of doing business with Moscow.
The fast changing geo-political scenario has seen Delhi getting closer to US while Moscow has reached out to Islamabad, raising speculations of a Russia-China-Pakistan triangle in a new world order. But what could be music to India's ears two days ahead of Putin's arrival, Russian Ambassador to India Alexander Kadakin today dispelled India's fears on military sales to Pakistan.
"The frame work agreement which was signed with Pakistan does not envisage any immediate supply. It is just a framework agreement which we have with many countries. Never ever will Russia do anything to the detriment to the security of India, a close and old friend," Kadakin assured.
Kadakin also took potshots at the western powers, saying the Summit is taking place "against the background of a burdened international milieu, when we face increasing pressure of the US and their allies, trying to force our country to succumb its state sovereignty and act against our own national interests". He was quick to add that Russia was not jealous over invitation to Obama for the Republic Day celebrations. "India is rich fiancee with many bridegrooms," Kadakin quipped.
Amid this keen to maintain a balance in its foreign policy, and refusing to be a party to Western sanctions against old ally Russia, the Narendra Modi government is taking a pragmatic approach to boost its economic and strategic interests. Putin's maiden to visit to India for the annual summit since the change of guard in Delhi would see energy cooperation topping the agenda that could go a long way in meeting energy needs of this country. The vision document that will be unveiled during Putin's 20-hour-business like visit will be guiding principle for cooperation over the next decade.
Besides, road map on nuclear energy that could see Russia setting up 20-24 nuclear plants in India, stakes in oil fields will also be offered to Delhi, Kadakin informed. Russia has world's highest oil reserves. The Ambassador said Russia was also expecting from the Indian side the name of the new site for another "cascade of nuclear power units". Besides to further expand defence ties, Russia is keen to set up defence service centre in India for supply of spare-parts for defence equipment bought from Moscow.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IT index slips 3% as Infosys spoils mood |  Sensex seen losing 5% more in DecemberYou are here: Home > Collections
Tech stocks tumble as Infosys founders sell stake;outlook bullish
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 06.01PM IST
Tags:
Infosys
(The BSE IT Index underperformed…)
MUMBAI: The BSE IT Index underperformed other sectoral indices after index heavy-weight Infosys plunged in trade today. The BSE IT Index ended 3.18 per cent lower against 1.19 per cent fall in the Sensex.
Sentiment in Infosys turned bearish following 16 block deals in which four founder members of the company sold 25 per cent stake of their holding to raise $1.1 billion.
They sold 3.23 crore shares at fixed price of Rs 1,988 per share share in 16 block deals through Deutsche Bank.
A correction post mega block deal was on expected lines. However, founders selling partial stake doesn't indicate that fundamentals or earnings are at risk, say analysts.
"Sell-off by the founders has actually created a little kind of disappointment in terms of the price. These events do not impact the earnings or the longer term potential of the company's business. These events would play off over a period of time and if you look at from the value perspective from a slightly longer term perspective," said Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com to ET Now.
"The fundamentals remain to be quite strong, somebody who wants to build a long term portfolio should use this weakness as a good opportunity to enter at the current levels," he added.
The Infosys effect spilled over to other IT stocks and all stocks in BSE IT Index remained weak throughout the day.
According to analysts, the outlook of the IT sector continues to be positive. IT players have strong order books and enjoy profitable margins. The correction should be used as an opportunity to start nibbling in certain small quantities.
"The US macro numbers the payroll data that came in are quite encouraging. We are looking at a stronger US dollar and a weaker rupee so obviously this should play out in FY16 and this would be a good time to look at large cap stocks like TCS, HCL Tech or a Infosys," Gorakssakar added.
Infosys (4.88 per cent), Oracle Financial Services (3.23 per cent), TCS (2.51 per cent), Mindtree (2.48 per cent) and KPIT (2.36 per cent) were among the top sectoral losers in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee Trades Weaker at 61.97/DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Trades Weaker at 61.97/Dollar
Agencies | Updated On: December 08, 2014 14:11 (IST)
Rupee Ends at 62.94, Sees Biggest One-Day Fall in Over 4 Months
The rupee was trading lower at 61.93/94 vs Friday's close of 61.77/78 per dollar. Nifty was down 1.1 per cent, further hurting the Indian unit.
Most Asian currencies were weaker vs dollar, while index of the dollar against six majors was up 0.2 per cent.
The dollar traded at seven-year high vs the yen post robust US non-farm payrolls.
The rupee is seen holding in 61.85 to 62.05 range during trade.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Cisco partners ILFS arm to tap smart city biz in IndiaDec 08, 2014, 04.13 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Cisco partners IL&FS arm to tap smart city biz in India
The companies will jointly develop Internet of Everything (IoE)-based digital solutions to pursue opportunities in the infrastructure sector and smart cities in India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cisco partners IL&FS arm to tap smart city biz in India
The companies will jointly develop Internet of Everything (IoE)-based digital solutions to pursue opportunities in the infrastructure sector and smart cities in India.
Post your opinion here
 
Networking giant Cisco has partnered IL&FS Technologies to jointly develop digital solutions to tap into the multi-billion dollar opportunity in the smart city space in India.
The companies will jointly develop Internet of Everything (IoE)-based digital solutions to pursue opportunities in the infrastructure sector and smart cities in India.
"The partnership is a collaboration between Cisco's vision of IoE, which is the intelligent connection of people, processes, data, and things, and IL&FS' deep expertise in infrastructure development in India along with ITL's excellent technology services capabilities," Cisco India and SAARC President (Sales) Dinesh Malkani told reporters here.
According to Cisco, the IoE total value at stake in India is USD 511 billion over the next 10 years. Of the total IoE at take, public sector value at stake is USD 116 billion, which includes creating smart cities and citizen services such as health and education.
The government plans to develop 100 smart cities by 2022. In the Budget, the Finance Ministry has allocated Rs 7,060 crore for developing these smart cities. Some of the solutions that will be jointly developed will focus on urban services and smart city infrastructure solutions like traffic and transportation, public safety and security, command and control services and e-governance, Malkani said.
"A broader set of next-generation urban services like parking, lighting, traffic and citizen engagement services built on top of Cisco's City Infrastructure Management will also be worked on," he added.
These solutions will help citizens access, in real time, infrastructure services such as traffic, parking, lighting, and water, as well as city operators to improve city infrastructure operations through sharing information in real time across agencies and systems.
In India, an average of 2.75 lakh devices get connected to a network every day.
In September, Cisco had unveiled a "smart city" model to demonstrate how smart networks can play a crucial role in areas like education, healthcare, work and electronic delivery of citizen services. It was set up to act as a blueprint for the future of smart and connected communities in India.
IL&FS Technologies Ltd (ITL) is a technology solutions arm of Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services (IL&FS). "Our collaboration with Cisco will bring the power of the IoE to greenfield and brownfield cities, communities and rural communities in India. Together we can enable digital solutions for the most essential citizen services such as healthcare and education," ITL Chairman Prem Saigal said.
RELATED NEWS

Balance of trade not in India s favour: Nirmala SitharamanDec 08, 2014, 04.18 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Balance of trade not in India's favour: Nirmala Sitharaman
"Our trade balance is not really in favour. Simply put, we seem to be importing a lot more than we export," Commerce & Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Balance of trade not in India's favour: Nirmala Sitharaman
"Our trade balance is not really in favour. Simply put, we seem to be importing a lot more than we export," Commerce & Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said.
Post your opinion here
 
Even as it expressed concern over the general adverse balance of trade position, the government today said it is committed to enhancing trade engagement by diversifying to markets in Africa, ASEAN and Latin America which offer immense opportunities.
"Our trade balance is not really in favour. Simply put, we seem to be importing a lot more than we export," Commerce & Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said.
The Minister was here to unveil the Indian Trade Portal, aimed at providing MFN and preferential tariff rules, rules of origin and identifying technical barriers to trade faced by exporters, on a single platform for ease of doing business. Trade is now governed by the rules agreed upon under the WTO under which members are required to accord the Most Favoured Nation (MFN) status to each other which translates into the privilege of paying similar tariffs, she said.
The Minister said she has identified exports as one of the most important sectors to boost the country's economy, while urging exporters and importers to make best use of the website.
She said they could give continuous feedback for further improvement and additional details that they may need. "For 2013-14 our trade total was USD 314.40 billion while we have set for ourselves for 2014-15 a USD 340 billion target. We need to have a lot more information to be shared among our exporters for them to handle the market better".
"We seem to be sharing only 1.7 per cent of all exports that took place in the international trade putting us at the 19th place. Considering the size of our country, the potential that it has, 1.7 percent is just nothing of the total exports which happen," Sitharaman said.
The Minister suggested that the portal should attract non-exporting manufacturers to draw them towards the export market.
"The Indian Trade Portal will make available important data for use of exporters & importers at one place, in a user friendly manner and this will contribute to ease of doing business for trade & industry. Consequently the portal facilitates our exports and will also help our exporters to utilise the FTAs," Sitharaman said.
As per the current rankings, India is the 19th largest exporter with a share of 1.7 percent and 12th largest importer with a share of 2.5 percent of world merchandise trade.
Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher highlighted the need for better utilisation of India's free trade agreements (FTAs) and said studies have shown that these were not detrimental to overall trade. "It is also important that we utilise our FTAs in a significant manner. In our exercise in the past 2-3 years, we have clearly seen that the industry has perceived FTAs to be some sort of villain".
"In detailed analysis that we have done on the subject we have clearly found that it is not the case. The case in fact is that we have not utilised these FTAs enough to be able to criticise them or to appreciate them," Kher said.
RELATED NEWS

Year 2015 will be goldilocks period for India: NomuraLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Year 2015 will be goldilocks period for India: Nomura
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Sonal Varma, India Economist at Nomura Financial Advisory said she sees inflation heading to undershoot RBI target.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
India is no longer in a slowdown period as growth has bottomed out, says Sonal Varma, India Economist at Nomura Financial Advisory. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Verma said that she sees inflation heading to undershoot RBI target.
Though she feels that interest rates should come down, Verma does not expect it to be substantial. She expects the central bank to cut rates by 50 bps in the first half of next year and then hold.
Nomura expects construction to do better and sees a pick up in the financial sector.
Below is the transcript of Sonal Varma's interview with Reema Tendulkar and Sumaira Abidi on CNBC-TV18.
Reema: We keep saying crude prices -- it is a big positive for India but the government is not passing on the crude price fall to consumer, so freight rates may not fall as much as 30 percent fall that we have seen in global crude prices. Do you think that the consumer price index (CPI) may therefore not fall so much, is there a 5-10 percent chance that the governor may not be able to cut rates?
A: More than crude oil price, I think the biggest positive for inflation has been the big drop we have seen in rural wage growth because ultimately when we are talking about CPI, we know that 80 percent of CPI is non-tradable where the role of rural wage in driving input cost is much greater than the role of crude oil price in driving input cost. So yes, the consumer is probably not seeing the benefit of oil price drop as of now but I don’t think that significantly changes the view on inflation, which in any case is headed to undershoot the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) target of 6 percent. Therefore, some sort of a normalisation looks like it is on the cards.
Timing wise it is difficult to exactly pinpoint, our base case is post the budget. So April is when we are building in the 25 bps cut followed by another 25 bps after that. So we are expecting the repo rate to come down by 50 bps in all in the first half of 2015 and then for rates to remain on hold. Like I said, most of this is driven by the view of the moderation we are seeing in wages. Oil price fall is a positive factor over and above that.
Sumaira: Do you think inflation can come even below the RBI’s January 2016 forecast of 6 percent and so is there a chance you think that the RBI may cut rates more than just 50 bps?
A: We are expecting an undershooting of about 50 bps and it is possible that during the course of 2015, there maybe periods where the undershooting is a bit more than that as well. Couple of things to keep in mind one India is no longer in a slowdown period, growth has bottomed out and our expectation is that while the growth outlook and the cycle may be volatile over the course of the next 12 months, growth will be moving up not down or flat. Secondly, potential growth itself has come down to around 6 percent and therefore output gap is negative but it is not as negative as one would expect and as growth starts to pick up the output gap will narrow.
Thirdly, the RBI beyond the 6 percent and even if there is an undershoot -- what the governor made clear is that the government has broadly agreed to 4 percent plus or minus 2 percent as the medium-term target. So the question is when the growth cycle is turning around, output gap is closing if we want disinflation to continue and for inflation to come down to 4 percent then can monetary policy become very accommodative.
We don’t think that monetary policy can become very accommodative. So that is why clearly the room for interest rates to come down has opened up and interest rates are likely to come down but it is very unlikely that we will see substantial rate cuts in our view.
Reema: You sound positive on growth but can you see any green shoots in fact there is a good chance that planned expenses may also be slashed in Q4 to meet the fiscal deficit though of late we are picking up that the fiscal deficit targets will not be met purely on the back of cutting down expenses but there is always an outside chance. So would that unleash more slowdown?
A: Clearly growth numbers have been very volatile and the next IP growth that we will get for the month of October unfortunately again is a month where working days have been lesser so there will again be a moderation in IP growth this month but I think the broader set of indicators are pointing to the fact that we are already in the early stages of the business cycle recovery. After the disappointing numbers in October on auto, November has seen a bounce back. So the consumer discretionary side is continuing to pick up. I think the transportation sector will do well, one you are seeing that in the medium and heavy commercial vehicle segment, freight numbers are doing well.
Third all the action that the government has taken on project clearances and this entire focus on removing policy uncertainty, this is going to be positive for the investment cycle in the next six-twelve months. So the construction sector at least should do better and as the growth cycle picks up, there will also be a positive impact on the financial sector as we go forward. So I think the turnaround India is seeing right now and we believe that growth has bottomed out is primarily being driven by the services sector as of now. The government will be cutting down its spending in the second half to meet 4.1 percent target. However, at the same time, let us not forget that because of this fiscal consolidation, interest rates have also come down and therefore financial conditions are easing as we speak given the rally we have seen in the sovereign bonds, given the rally we have seen on the corporate bond side, spreads have narrowed and this easier financial condition is also going to support the growth cycle. So our expectation is that yes, a gradual growth recovery but we are expecting growth to pick up to about 5.5 this fiscal year and closer to 6.5 in FY16. So quite positive on growth, also positive on inflation 2015, so we are sort of the view that 2015 is going to be a goldilocks’ period for India because of better growth and lower inflation outlook.
RELATED NEWS

How Davids can outrace Goliaths with CloudAccelerate India |  Dec 10, 2014, 09:48 AM 0thIST
How Davids can outrace Goliaths with Cloud?
Do names like Uber, MakemyTrip, Ziosk, BigRock, Khan Academy, Kickstarter, Alibaba etc ring any bell? They are digital avatars buzzing with a fresh frenzy all around our 24/7 tech-wired lives. But look closer and you will see how they are not niche innovations but actually smart ideas that have used technology to elbow out yesteryear's well-entrenched players. They have not done something too radical so to say, but yes they have used a mold-breaking approach to reinvent customer experience. That's how they have made sense for those digital natives who have been reshaping market demographics at a whopping speed and who have yet stayed almost unacknowledged by the big boys. These digital models have been swift, smart and suave at using technology for smoking out laggards and their ways of running the industry. They have displayed enviable savoir-faire in upending conventional rules of their market segments and have mercilessly capsized some long-standing kings who thought they will keep ruling the markets for many endless years.
Such newbies have just used Cloud in a new way, while most big players are still caught in paradigms like 'cheap' or 'fast'. These young pioneers have shown that Cloud can actually be used beyond its staple image of cost benefits. They have dared to experiment Cloud as a business model per se. And by doing so they have redefined customer delivery and experience to a new level.
They are not alone in this race to use tomorrow's technology today. To be fair and well-vigilant, we cannot discount how some big names in the industry are also playing the same formula. Some well-known industry czars are using Cloud and digital forces too to turn around moth-eaten business approaches.
For instance, the world's biggest sports-wear brand is no more about sneakers but a wearables major or a digitally-enabled athletic company. Like how Macy's and Tesco are soon morphing from yesteryear's vanilla grocery-baskets and stores to technology-sharp shopping experience sellers where RFID, QCR and bar-codes run the show as well as the customer moments-of-truth.
While both young and seasoned players are toying with the power of using cloud as more than an  enabler and instead as a business model itself; the good and bad news is that not everyone is able to swing this power the right way. More so, and this is where small entrepreneurs can come a little closer as we whisper – the ability to use cloud is more formidable when one does not have a rock tied around one's neck.
The blessings of scale, legacy, lineage, market penetration, extended supply chains and ecosystems and an ever expanding portfolio suddenly turn into some anathema when the question revolves around Cloud. Because Cloud needs agility, lateral thinking and above all the courage to take future-proof leaps.
Take a look at how IDC has stated how one-third of current top 20 leaders in the market in any global industry are going to be disrupted by new rivals who can leverage the third platform.
By third platform, we mean mobility, cloud, analytics, big data and the whole enchilada. So why does the research firm point at this new force of disruption? Why new rivals coming under digital spotlight?
The strange turn of tables gets more interesting when we hear that all this is going to happen not at the end of century or near some apocalypse but as soon as by 2020.
It's simple – if you are big, you would need the courage and the appetite to attack what you have and reshape a new model out of the melting pot. Alternatively, if you are just out of the embryo and an entrepreneur with a small scale as your only luggage, you can do the Cloud-leverage much faster, better and with better stability promises.
Yes, some 70 per cent of global enterprises are already on the path of transformation; but at the same time there are still 80 per cent businesses in APJ which cannot harness these forces of third-platform.
Hark! Got the message?
You could be the disruptor here. You could be the guy who displaces and evaporates a big business just by some knack of cloud and being savvy on how and where to use this Genie.
Companies are desperately trying to get a grip around the ideal of delivering a unified digital experience to win, serve, and retain customers.
Forrester has pointed how this has to happen across channels, devices, and every step of the customer life cycle. The research major also warned that digital disruptors are entering the market and now everything from customers, products, business operations, and even competitors are fundamentally digital. Like it cited some 74% of business executives say their company has a digital strategy, but only 16% believe that their company has the skills and capabilities to execute on that strategy.
The right formula, the manageable scale, the apt positioning and the adequate level of skills and resources is what will sway the game towards a young player in this big battle.
It doesn't matter who stands before the Sesame door and how big or small his height is. What will open the door is simple – the code, the right Abracadabra.
So let the doors of treasures of tomorrow open up for you, irrespective of how small or how young your business is. Being not too big and new in this playground may actually be a hidden advantage.
CIO Interviews
400+ Stores in 81 cities ... more »
Related Articles

Looking for health insurance policy Here s helplooking for health insurance policy here s help
Strike call  restrictions cripple normal life across Kashmir as PM Modi visits SrinagarAbid Soffi , IBNLive.com | Dec 08, 2014 at 01:42pm IST
Srinagar: Normal life was on Monday crippled due to a strike called by separatists and curfew like restrictions imposed by the authorities in the Kashmir valley following Prime Minister Narendar Modi's visit to Srinagar to address a rally at Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium.
Unprecedented security arrangements have been made in the entire city as Modi is scheduled to address an election rally at Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in the high security Sonawar area. The rally comes just three days after terrorists attacked four towns of Kashmir valley leaving 11 security personnel dead.
The entire civil lines, including business hub of Polo View, Hari Singh High Street, Regal Chowk, Moulana Azad Road, Residency Road, Budshah Chowk, Lal Chowk, the nerve centre of the summer capital, Gonikhan, Mahraj Bazar, Maisuma and Koker Bazar have been completely cordoned off to foil any attempt by terrorists to disrupt the rally.
Security forces have also closed two main bridges of Amira Kadal and Budshah bridge with barbed wire
Official sources said security forces have occupied all high rise buildings around Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar to keep a close watch on vehicular and pedestrian movements. Thirty paramilitary forces companies have been deployed in and around the stadium while sharp shooters have been deployed on Suliman Tang and Rustam Gali in the Dalgate area to secure the area and neutralize any threat.
Security forces have also closed two main bridges of Amira Kadal and Budshah bridge with barbed wire. The vehicular movement has been stopped in that area; however, some pedestrians were seen walking on the roads, though they were very few in number.
Meanwhile, the situation in downtown and Shehar-e-Khas (SeK) is entirely different as people allege that they were not allowed to leave their houses even to purchase essentials, including milk, bread and vegetables by the security forces since early Monday morning.
"We were asked to remain indoors by security forces as curfew was imposed in the area," the residents of Nallahmar told IBNLive over the phone.
However, there is no official announcement for any restriction in any part of the area.
Shops and other business establishments remained closed in the restriction free areas of the city and outskirts in response to the strike call. Transport also remained off the roads, but very few private vehicles could be seen plying in the uptown routes and bypass.
Government, private offices and banks also remained closed while educational institutions and tuition centre wore a deserted look.
In Baramulla, which is going to polls on Tuesday in the third phase of the five-phased Legislative Assembly, all bridges, connecting the old town with civil lines have been closed since early Monday morning.
Heavy deployment has been made in the entire town and outskirts to prevent any law and order problem following the strike call by separatists on PM's Srinagar visit. Similar reports were received from other districts of Kashmir valley.
Meanwhile, the Karvan-e-Aman bus service, operating between Srinagar and Muzaffarabad, capital of Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (POK) has also been cancelled for security reasons.
(Abid Soffi is the Managing Editor, Kashmir Pioneer.)
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

IB sounds alert for 5 SIMI members led by Abu FaisalDec 08, 2014 at 04:38pm IST
IB sounds alert for 5 SIMI members led by Abu Faisal
37
0
New Delhi: The Intelligence Bureau has issued an all India alert for SIMI members who escaped from Madhya Pradesh Khandwa jail in 2013. The alert says Rajasthan, Karnataka and Maharashtra could be on terrorists' target.
The intelligence agency has intercepted conversation from across border where Pakistan based organisations are heard collaborating with these men for a terror attack in the next few days. The last known location of this group was is Karnataka.
The suspected SIMI members had escaped from a jail in Khandwa in a daring pre-dawn jailbreak amid a hail of gunfire, looting rifles and snatching wireless sets in October 2013.
The intelligence agency has intercepted conversation from across border where Pakistan based organisations are heard collaborating with these men.

Delhi rape: Accused Uber cab driver sent to three-day police custody4
1
New Delhi: Shiv Kumar Yadav, the taxi driver who worked with international cab service Uber, was on Monday produced before a Delhi court in connection with the rape of a 25-year-old woman in the national capital.
Metropolitan Magistrate Ambika Singh sent 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav in police custody till December 11 after the police said he was required to be interrogated for recovery of a mobile phone used by him.
Yadav refused to undergo Test Identification Parade (TIP), a process under the criminal law through which a victim identifies an accused.
#delhi #uber rape case #cab driver #arrested
Yadav, who was arrested from Mathura in Uttar Pradesh on Sunday by a joint team of Delhi and Uttar Pradesh Police, was produced before the jampacked court with his face muffled amid tight security.
During the hearing, the police sought his  custodial interrogation contending that he was required to be questioned to unearth the entire chain of events which led to the incident. The mobile phone, which he was using, also had to be recovered at his instance, it said.
The police said that Yadav was a repeat offender and had spent seven months in jail in an another rape case which was filed against him in south Delhi's Mehrauli area in 2011. It said that the accused has claimed that he was later on acquitted in the rape case. He was brought to Delhi last night after being arrested from Mathura, about 160 kms from the national capital.
Yadav allegedly raped the woman at around 9:30 PM on Friday when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was heading back home in north Delhi's Inderlok area.
As a massive search operation involving 12 Delhi police teams was on in Mathura and other parts of Uttar Pradesh to nab the accused, Delhi Police had also announced a cash reward of Rs one lakh for his arrest.
The Delhi government on Monday banned all operations by private cab service provider Uber with immediate effect and blacklisted it from providing any transport service in the city in the wake of the alleged rape incident.  "We condemn this very tragic incident. Transport department has taken stringent action. Registration of the vehicle and licence have been cancelled. All India Tourist Permit has been cancelled. A vehicle which has all India Tourist Permit can't be used as a local taxi. Uber is equally liable as it allowed the vehicle to be used as local taxi," said KS Ganger, Special Commissioner, Transport, Delhi.
The police have also questioned an Uber official. Gagan Bhatia, Director, who looks after the work in Delhi and national capital region, was questioned by the police twice. He avoided all questions when CNN-IBN tried to speak with him.
(With inputs from PTI)

Nor easter brewing along East Coastnor easter brewing along east coast
Nor easter brewing along East Coastnor easter brewing along east coast
Nirmalya Sen joins Havas Worldwide India as CEONirmalya Sen joins Havas Worldwide India as CEO
Rs 400-crore project to develop Sundarbans infrastructureRs 400-crore project to develop Sundarbans infrastructure
Infosys  shares end nearly 5% down as founders sell sharesInfosys  shares end nearly 5% down as founders sell shares
RIL  TCS among Barclays  top stock picks for 2015RIL  TCS among Barclays  top stock picks for 2015
India sees clear pick up in growth momentum: OECDIndia sees clear pick up in growth momentum: OECD
PM Modi visits Badami Bagh to pay tribute to martyrsPM Modi visits Badami Bagh to pay tribute to martyrs
Spicejet Shares Sink Nearly 13 PercentSpicejet Shares Sink Nearly 13 Percent
Tata Communications: Outcome of board meetingDec 08, 2014, 05.52 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tata Communications: Outcome of board meeting
Tata Communications has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 08, 2014 has appointed Ms. Renuka Ramnath as an Additional Director/ Independent Director on the Board of Directors of the Company with immediate effect.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tata Communications: Outcome of board meeting
Tata Communications has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 08, 2014 has appointed Ms. Renuka Ramnath as an Additional Director/ Independent Director on the Board of Directors of the Company with immediate effect.
Post your opinion here
 
Tata Communications Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 08, 2014 has appointed Ms. Renuka Ramnath as an Additional Director/ Independent Director on the Board of Directors of the Company with immediate effect.Source : BSE

Sell 65/ stoploss 68/ target 58/ two days. tradingCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Cci clears sun-ranbaxy merger with some riders.New Member
13 Followers
2 drugs of Sun & 5 drugs of Ranbaxy will be divested. For that they have to find an Pharma company capable of manufacturing & sell at enterprise value. Obviously it will be through bidding.
In reply to : manishnb message
6.13 PM Dec 8th

Onmobile was trading around 25-30 levels but company turns profitable ...Gold Member
68 Followers
Onmobile was trading around 25-30 levels but company turns profitable in this quarters and hit 52 week high of Rs.72 within few days.. same way got news on MIC electronincs last monday @ Rs.5.. Today it high of Rs.8.. It has continuous upper circuit since last week.. Same way operator can take this stock to any levels and it has potential to go 50  in 2-3 months.. Read Broker report sent today morning.. Got target of Rs.50  in 2-3 months.. So, stay invested..
6.01 PM Dec 8th

Y do yu ask abt ybrant   while yu shud be vibrating abt the vibrance o...Sabhi Bachho Ke Jald-baaziyon pe Rahat Ferane wale
( woh bhi ek do teen mein .. )
I do not enjoy Auto-Publishing Rights ; so you may see
this 2morr morn only .
Pl remember this was deliberately declined , rather removed
twice this morning !!.
It , surprisingly is still there , in the latter part of the current thread .
Do remember to Re-Post a few times tomorrow .
I have more than half a mind to take one or two members of the Mod team , who are out to play their lil` dirty tricks on some of us !!
In reply to : sbkjrf123 message
6.42 PM Dec 9th

Domestic refining capacity to reach 307 mt by 2016-17: Oil MinisterDharmendra Pradhan, Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas
New Delhi, December 8:  
India’s refining capacity is projected to grow to 307.366 million tonne a year by the end of 2016-17, Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Petroleum and Natural Gas Dharmendra Pradhan said on Monday.
The capacity additions will be led by the public sector which is expected to add 56.3 million tonne a year of capacity by 2016-17. Public-private joint ventures are expected to add only 3 million tonne a year while the private sector led by Essar Oil’s projected expansion, is estimated to contribute an additional 33 million tonne a year of production capacity.
In a written reply to the Lok Sabha, Pradhan said domestic consumption of petroleum products was 158.12 million tonne in 2013-14 as against a refining capacity of 215.066 million tonne at the end of 2013-14.
As per the Minister’s statement, the country is now a net exporter of petroleum products.
“After delicensing of the refinery sector, the country’s refining capacity has more than tripled over the last fifteen years from 69.99 million tonne to 215 million tonne,” Pradhan added.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Asian and Pacific Coconut Community meet in KochiAsian and Pacific Coconut Community meet in Kochi
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kochi, Dec. 8:  
India will host the 51st session/ministerial meeting of Asian and Pacific Coconut Community (APCC) in Kochi from February 2 to 5.
India, one of the founder members of APCC, currently holds the Chairmanship of APCC, which has 18 coconut producing countries.
The Kochi meeting will review the global coconut situation and hold deliberations on specific issues in coconut cultivation, processing, marketing and trade so as to evolve appropriate policy decision for the development of the sector, a press release issued here said.
The session is also expected to make inroads into the development of trade in coconut and coconut products between the member countries.
APCC member countries together contribute 90 per cent of world coconut production and export of coconut products. It also invited representatives from 20 non member countries where coconut cultivation is undertaken to explore the prospects for the establishment of an international centre of excellence for coconut.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Aadhaar details not mandatory for PF transactions: GovtWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Gurgaon rape case: Court sends Uber driver in police custodyUber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman in New Delhi on Friday night, being produce at Tis Hazari Court in New Delhi on Monday. December 08, 2014. Photo: Shiv Kumar Pushpakar.
New Delhi, Dec 8:  
The driver working with US-based cab service provider Uber, arrested for allegedly raping a 27-year old women executive here, was today sent to three-day police custody by a Delhi court for questioning and recovery of the mobile phone used by him in the offence.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, who was arrested yesterday from Mathura in a joint operation by Delhi and Uttar Pradesh police, was produced with his face muffled before Metropolitan Magistrate Ambika Singh, who accepted the plea of investigators for his custodial investigation.
32-year-old Yadav refused to undergo Test Identification Parade (TIP), a process under the criminal law through which a victim identifies an accused, saying the girl has already seen his photograph in Uber’s website and she will definitely identify him as the accused.
The accused declined to undergo the TIP even after a warning by the court that his refusal may go against him.
Soon after the court proceedings, while Yadav was being taken to the police vehicle, his face was uncovered giving a chance to photojournalists to click him.
While allowing the custodial interrogation of Yadav, whom the police has claimed to be a repeat offender, the magistrate said, “For thorough investigation and as the case property, i.e. mobile phone, is yet to be recovered, three days’ police custody is granted. Let him be produced on December 11.”
The proceedings saw Yadav being represented by advocate from Delhi State Legal Authority, Vinit Malhotra, who opposed the custodial interrogation, saying that the vehicle has been recovered and no purpose will be served by sending him in police custody as there were reasonable apprehension that he will be subjected to torture.
However, his request for sending the accused to judicial custody was rejected and the court allowed the plea of police that accused was required to be taken to the places associated with the offence.
Yadav, who was driving the cab, allegedly raped the woman on Friday night when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back to her home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Eros to distribute Salman Khan s maiden production projectsEros to distribute Salman Khan's maiden production projects
Urvi Malvania | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 03:47 PM IST
Film studio Eros International, has collaborated with Salman Khan Films, actor Salman Khan’s production house, to globally distribute its first two projects—Bajrangi Bhaijaan and Hero.
Bajrangi Bhaijaan will see the return of the director-actor duo Kabir Khan and Salman Khan, who had earlier teamed up for the 2012 hit Ek Tha Tiger. The film went on floors earlier this month and is set for an Eid release in July 2015. Bajrangi Bhaijaan is produced by Salman Khan and Rockline Venkatesh Films.
The second film under the Salman Khan Films banner, Nikhil Advani’s Hero, is a modern day remake of Subhash Ghai’s classic of the same name. It will see the launch of two new stars and is set for release in summer 2015.
 
Jyoti Deshpande, Group CEO Eros International said, “We are delighted and excited to partner with Salman Khan for his first home productions and showcase this brilliant line-up to a global audience with our worldwide marketing, digital and distribution network.
The combination of Salman, Kabir Khan, Eid and Bajrangi Bhaijaan, not only promises fans and audiences larger than life entertainment, but we also look to it setting new box office records as Salman did this year. We are equally excited to launch bright new talent with Hero and are positive the audiences will embrace Nikhil’s interpretation of the classic musical romantic hit.”
 
Amar Butala COO Salman Khan Films said, “These are exciting times at Salman Khan Films as we launch our first two home productions. Salman and Director Kabir Khan come together again for the much awaited ‘Bajrangi Bhaijaan’ which releases in Eid 2015 and also stars Kareena Kapoor and Nawazuddin Siddiqui. Our second production ‘Hero’ is a co-production with Mukta Arts, and is a modern day adaptation of Subhash Ghai’s classic of the same name being directed by Nikhil Advani. The company is also launching two new stars Sooraj Pancholi and Athiya Shetty in this film. We are happy to collaborate with Eros for both the films to fulfill our vision and ensure the maximum global exposure for our films.”
With this, Salman Khan has joined his peers Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan, Ajay Devgn and Anil Kapoor as an actor turned producers. The trend has been catching on in Bollywood and now, female actors like Anushka Sharma and Priyanka Chopra have also launched their own production houses. Salman Khan is one of the most bankable stars at the box office currently. His latest film Kick netted Rs 233 crore at the domestic box office, garnering more than 30% returns on investment for the producers (Sajid Nadiadwala and UTV Motion Pictures).
SRK of course started the trend with Dreamz Unlimited in 2000 which produced three films – Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani, Asoka and Chalte Chalte. The company was then transformed into Red Chilies Entertianment, after the actor bought out co-founders (of Dreamz Unlimited) Juhi Chawla and director Aziz Mirza.
SRK’s wife, Gauri Khan came on board as the producer and the studio now operates a VFX division and television production unit along with the film production unit.

Towergate to sell aviation divisionTowergate offloads aircraft cover unit Hayward Aviation
Alistair Gray
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b17d663e-7ec7-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Quindell: time for official scrutinyUS court ensures BP has worst possible start to era of cheap oil
Jonathan Guthrie
Court ruling plus expected compensation for breaching Clean Water Act take toll on UK group
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09c5a23e-7eb9-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ready-to-eat popcorn sales popping0
"We were the first to go big in the ready-to-eat category in the better-for-you section. We had the world to ourselves for the first year," said co-founder and senior adviser Andy Friedman. "We've got the name, the packaging and fantastic differentiated flavors that everybody is trying to copy. For the last three and a half years, the big guys have tried to knock us off. But we have not skipped a beat."
Sales for the brand, available in more than 25,000 stores, quadrupled from 2012 to 2013, he said. He expects them to triple this year.
Its fifth flavor, Hatch Chile, will roll out nationwide in the first quarter of 2015, with others later in the year, Friedman said.
The Popcorn Factory's sales at retail stores have grown 75 to 100 percent over the past year, Petrik said. The 35-year-old brand is primarily known for Internet sales, but is available in Jewel grocery stores and department stores such as Kohl's, Burlington Coat Factory, T.J. Maxx and Marshalls.
The company has about 15 different caramel corn varieties, including some with marshmallows and graham crackers. But the market for the more decadent flavors — chocolate drizzle pecan among them — is here to stay, as well, Petrik said
Hitting retail shelves is a strategy to get more business outside of the third quarter, the snack's busiest sales period, Petrik said.
"From the e-commerce side, we know we have national recognition. It was a logical step to use the capital that we have to get into these other channels," Petrik said. In the spring, it launched a Lite Works Popcorn! line with wasabi soy and sriracha flavors to appeal to the health-conscious crowd.
Waukegan-based Cornfield's Inc., whose G.H. Cretors brand is carried in about 3,500 stores including Jewel, Meijer and Whole Foods, is feeling the competition but is still betting on a 30 percent increase in sales next year.
"We're seeing multinationals comes out with more popcorn SKUs, everything from Snyder's to General Mills," said Claire Cretors, president of Cornfield's.
G.H. Cretors introduced a caramel apple flavor with chunks of apple and yogurt drizzle and recently launched an organic line of popcorn, which includes extra virgin olive oil and "simply salted" varieties.
Cretors said she expects the organic products to be big sellers in January when New Year's resolutions to eat healthier kick in.

Pizza Hut wants to read your mindBy Drew Harwell December 1 Follow @drewharwell
Gaze into your pizza future. Courtesy of Pizza Hut.
Ordering pizza by thinking and speaking words is so last century. Pizza Hut is now testing technology that allows diners to order within seconds, using only their eyes. The future!
Calling it "the world's first subconscious menu," the pizza giant has since October been testing a special eye-tracking tablet with some of the diners of its 300 locations across the U.K. The digital menu shows diners a canvas of 20 toppings and builds their pizza, from one of 4,896 combinations, based on which toppings they looked at longest. To try again, a diner can glance at a "restart" button.
"Finally the indecisive orderer and the prolonged menu peruser can cut time and always get it right," a Pizza Hut spokesperson said in a statement, "so that the focus of dining can be on the most important part - the enjoyment of eating!"
The menu, built by Swedish eye-tracking firm Tobii Technology, is the product of six months of retina-scanning development and "psychological research," according to Pizza Hut, which is testing it for now only in the U.K. A potential expansion into the United States could be in the cards, based on how well the pilot system works.
Across the world's fast-food empire, few companies have invested so heavily in changing the way people order as the elites in America's $38 billion pizza industry. And for good reason: Pizza Hut said digital orders made up 40 percent of its delivery and carryout business last quarter, and Domino's has said customers spend more, and come back more often, when they can order online.
But the pizza arms race has brought about a growing line of questionably useful technology aimed at knocking down one of the few remaining borders between wanting a pizza and eating one. Xbox One gamers in the U.K. can say "Domino's, Feed Me," and the voice-activated console will send in a delivery order instantly. And hundreds of thousands of customers have already used the chain's new voice-ordering function of its mobile app, added this summer. (It's a lot like calling in for a pizza, except you talk to a computer, instead of a person.)
Will the tablet be a herald, as the chain said, of the end of the paper menu? Analysts said that seems unlikely. Looking at a picture of pepperoni for a few seconds is very different from wanting to binge on a large Meat Lover's. But the technology is not that far removed from Web retailers' ubiquitous recommendations engines, which predict what a shopper might want based on what items they've looked at before.
What makes restaurants so excited about ordering via tablets? They make it easier for us to impulsively order items we might regret if, say, we had to talk to a person to order it. They show diners a fuller range of goodies, making them more likely to see extras they want. And they make ordering quicker, more convenient and more streamlined, with fewer humans in the middle taking orders (and wanting paychecks).
McDonald's expanded an experimental tablet-ordering system across restaurants in California in September. Chili’s, the tchotchke-filled Tex-Mex chain, became the king of humanless food-selling this summer when it installed 45,000 tabletop tablets in restaurants nationwide.
Even if its "subconscious menu" is never fully actualized, Pizza Hut could benefit from looking like it's as digitally savvy as rival Domino's. David C. Novak, the chief executive of Yum! Brands, the conglomerate owner behind Taco Bell, KFC and Pizza Hut, told analysts this year, “Our goal is to not only catch the competition on the digital front, but to surpass it in 2015."
Drew Harwell is a national business reporter at The Washington Post.

Krugman Slams Democrats Against Obamacarekrugman slams democrats against obamacare
http://usat.ly/1yxSJtbFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Jerry Lee Lewis' '59 Harley could fetch $1 million
Rock 'n' roll legend Jerry Lee Lewis is hoping there'll be a  Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin' On  when it comes to the auction of the Harley-Davidson he's owned since he became a household name back in 1959.
Post to Facebook
Jerry Lee Lewis' '59 Harley could fetch $1 million Rock 'n' roll legend Jerry Lee Lewis is hoping there'll be a  Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin' On  when it comes to the auction of the Harley-Davidson he's owned since he became a household name back in 1959. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A17VgG
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Jerry Lee Lewis' '59 Harley could fetch $1 million
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 2:30 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
Jerry Lee Lewis is auctioning off his 1959 Harley.
(Photo: Handout)
3335 CONNECT 43 TWEET 21 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Rock 'n' roll legend Jerry Lee Lewis is hoping there'll be a Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin' On when it comes to the auction of the Harley-Davidson motorcycle he's owned since he became a household name back in 1959.
The '59 Harley, with a white gas tank and bags, is going on sale during the Mecum auction house's event in Kissimmee, Fla., on Jan. 16 to Jan. 25.
While the world is filled with celebrity cars and motorcycles, Lewis' is unusual because of the length of time in which he owned it — 55 years.
"This could be the $1 million motorcycle. It's history, and the continuous ownership by Jerry Lee since 1959 should drive the auction price to record numbers," says auction house President Dana Mecum in a statement. The cycle has been transported from Lewis' home in Nesbit, Miss., for display at the Mecum auction in Kansas City on Saturday.
Sam Murtaugh, Mecum's director of marketing, says Lewis told him that Harley gave away two motorcycles. One went to him, and the other went to Elvis Presley. Lewis says he got the first, and that he poked fun at Elvis for having gotten the second.
This is one motorcycle that you expect to be shooting Great Balls of Fire.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A17VgG
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Wilfredo Lee / AP filewilfredo lee / ap file
Quiz: Match the PANTONE color to the year it was named color of the year.By Philip Bump December 6 Follow @pbump
This photo provided by Pantone show the Marsala mini Swatch card. There's a natural earthiness to the shade, announced Dec. 4, 2014, a full-bodiness like the cooking wine without overpowering. "It really does embody a certain amount of confidence and stability," Leatrice Eiseman, executive director of the Pantone Color Institute, said. (AP Photo/Pantone)
As it does every year, the color-matching juggernaut PANTONE unveiled its assessment of the Color of the Year for 2015. PANTONE is all about color; its system is integral to companies and designers ensuring that a color looks the same when printed or painted or polished. So, mostly for public relations purposes, it tries to peer into its unblemished PANTONE 11-0601 crystal ball and figure out what people will be interested in over the next 12 months.
But no one calls them on it. So, to gauge how well people associate PANTONE's predicted picks with the years they were intended to represent, we created this little quiz, stretching back over the past decade. All we can say is: good luck.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

How this entrepreneur cleared $80 000 in debt (in 3 years)By Jonnelle Marte December 1 Follow @jonnelle
(Photo from Flickr used under Creative Commons license from user Miran Rijavec )
When Austin Netzley graduated from college in 2008, finding out how much he had in debt — more than $80,000 after interest between his student loans and car loan — made him sick to his stomach.
He was fortunate to have a job, a well-paying one at that, but he still owed more than what he would earn his first year of work. But his desire to make more money at times interfered with his plans to get rid of the debt, pushing him to reduce his debt payments so that he could invest — and sometimes lose — money in the stock market.
Still, Netzley managed to become debt free within three years, freeing up more time and money to help him launch an investment business. This month he released a book, Make Money, Live Wealthy , in which he shares lessons he learned from conversations with 75 entrepreneurs.
Netzley recently spoke with The Washington Post about how he balanced paying off his debt with saving for retirement and investing on the side. This conversation was edited for length and clarity.
How much did you think about your student loans while you were in school? Is it something you worried about or had a good grasp on?
Austin Netzley, 28, paid off $80,000 in student loan debt in three years. (ONE Press Publishing)
In college I didn’t know anything about entrepreneurship, didn’t know much about investing other than I was intrigued by investing. I had this plan, I wanted to be the CEO of a large company. I wanted to get my engineering degree, get an MBA, get some sales experience and those three things were going to make me become a CEO. I went down that path and I kept asking, “What are my loans? What are my loans?” And finally my senior year I got the bill and figured out what my loans were.
I played football, so I got half scholarships and grants, basically half of my tuition covered. I got the bill and if I had paid the minimum throughout the life of the loan it was going to be over $72,000 and that just made me sick to my stomach. I still remember the feeling today.
It was my own fault for not really understanding the debt I was getting into. I kind of thought a lot of people do it, that it would just be taken care of. That it wasn’t necessarily bad debt, it was good debt. I disagree with that now. Anyhow, once I got myself in debt there was nothing that I could do with it. I had two months of school remaining so I went and finished it up and worked for an oil company in Houston and started to take my finances very seriously and within three years I paid off that debt. But during college I didn’t think about it. I did think about how to get rich, but I didn’t think much about the debt.
Once you graduated, did you want to tackle your debt right away? Or were you more concerned about setting money aside for something else or getting started with investments?
Sometimes I was super stressed. Other times I was more attracted and appealed to getting rich, so I started investing.
My first assignment on the job was to start saving in my 401(k), so I put a large percentage of my income into that from day one. Then I was going back and forth from investing money to paying off as much debt as I possibly could.
About two years into my career I started investing heavily and day trading. I started making more money in the stock market than I was paying on interest in my loans. So what I started to do was for at least six months I started to pay the minimum on my loans while I put as much money as I could toward my investments.
Then I just got sick of having that cloud of debt hanging over my head, so I paid off my remaining balance all at once, which at this point in time was like $35,000. So I took my money out of stocks and paid it all at once to get rid of it. That’s when I was officially free.
People say it’s a weight off your shoulders when you pay off debt and it really, really is. It was amazing.
Tell me about where you were investing. What percentage were you saving in your 401(k)? Did you have money elsewhere or did you take the money out of your 401(k)?
I never touched the money in the 401(k). I always had a taxable account on the side.
From day one, I put 10 percent and I moved it to 12 percent and I moved quickly up to 16 percent, sometimes even more, of my income straight into my retirement fund. That was between my roth IRA and my 401(k).
In 2009, I started to give money to my friend who was investing in a taxable account for me. Unfortunately, he wasn’t doing too well. I would give him maybe $2,000 at a time and it was up to $10,000 in 2009. And he wasn’t doing too well even though the market was going up, so that’s when I started to manage my own account.
Then I had probably $25,000 in there and started to grow that rapidly. So at one point I was putting well over 30 percent of my income toward investing, whether it be the 401(k), the Roth IRA or the taxable account. And that’s really how I kind of grew my funds quickly.
When you took control of your investment account, what kind of vehicle did you use? And where did you look for guidance?
I failed a lot. I would make a lot of money and then I would lose a lot. I was trading options. I was trying to day trade. I was doing a lot of things that now I tell people not to do. So I actually stopped trading short term for about six months while I read a lot. I joined some online groups whether it be on LinkedIn or Meetup.com just to be able to talk to anybody and learn from anybody how to invest.
I saw the potential and I saw what compound interest could do over time so I was really, really into it but I was also stressed out when I was trading and just like anybody else, my emotions were playing against me.
Then I started to have a strategy. Eventually, I created my own investing algorithm and automated it and that’s one of the businesses I have now. Long story short, I started trading anything and everything and I wasn’t making a lot of money after all the commissions and the failures. Then I stopped trading, took it seriously and started to make money.
Are you mainly using individual stocks or are you using index funds and other mutual funds?
I use ETFs as well as individual stocks. My long-term investments are in mutual funds, they are in index funds. My short term stuff is mostly in individual stocks.
Did you essentially sell all of your taxable investments to pay off the debt or did you have more set aside?
I probably had $15,000 to $20,000 in cash. I also had at least $50,000 in my taxable account.
I think I pulled out $25,000 from my brokerage account and also used $10,000 worth of cash.
As soon as I pressed submit I just teared up because it was such a burden on my for a while.
Do you think you would have been able to pay off the debt nearly as quickly without the investments on the side?
I don’t know if what I did is necessarily the best option. I think the best option for a lot of people is to take it one step at a time. I was trying to learn the game of investing while I was trying to pay off a massive debt. I could have paid it off even quicker than I did because I was saving a lot of money.
I definitely don’t regret investing, especially in my 401(k). That’s the first thing I tell everyone to do even if you do have debt because that’s free money you don’t want to leave on the table [if your company is matching contributions].
Do you think you were able to do this because you had so much disposable income or because you had so much investment income?
What I tell people is make more money than you spend and invest the difference wisely. So the three pieces are your income, your expenses and your investments.
The better you do with all three of those pieces then the easier any goal is from a wealth standpoint.
My income was much higher than most people. Coming out of college I had an engineering degree so I did have a higher income. But I worked with plenty of other people who also had higher income and less debt but they didn’t pay off their debt as quickly as me.
The second piece is expenses, so it really doesn’t matter what you make. I really kept my expenses as low as I could. I lived in Houston. I lived in Jacksonville, Fla.
It doesn’t matter what you make. It’s what you spend. Of course, the third piece is the investing piece and that gave me the opportunity to make a lot of money and gave me the opportunity to pay it off quickly.
Aside from living in a low-cost city, what else did you do to keep your expenses low?
Everything I did from a financial perspective was strategic.
The two biggest expenses people have is housing and transportation. I always had a roommate early on. The first was renting for six months while I looked for a home. The second place I lived in was a home that I bought mutually with a friend. That was a good opportunity for us to get the lowest interest rate.
We reduced each other’s rent and we took advantage of Obama’s housing credit.
My third place was a foreclosure. I bought that by myself, lived there by myself and that gave me the opportunity to have a mortgage payment of $148. I did have some housing association fees on top of it, but my housing was really low.
I did what I could in whatever place I lived to reduce my housing expenses.
The second one was transportation. I lived within 10 miles of work. In Jacksonville, I worked from home. I also had a $9,000 Honda. So my friends were all buying BMWs and new Nissans and I had this old beat up Honda. It worked for me, it did the job and it kept me from getting into additional debt. I bought it right before I graduated.
That is the car loan you had when you graduated from college. How did you handle that debt?
That one had a higher interest rate than most of my student loans so I paid that off pretty quickly, I think within six months of graduation.
What was the plan of attack for the rest of your debt?
I put every loan I had on a spreadsheet. Every balance, every interest rate, every single piece of information.
There are two methods that most people talk about. One is the snowball method that Dave Ramsey talks about [which involves paying off the smallest debt first]. The other is the stacking method, which you go after the highest interest rate first, and that’s the one I did. Since the car loan felt to me like a bad loan, since it had the second-highest interest rate, I wanted to get that debt out of the way as quick as possible.
Long story short, I paid two times the required minimum payment every month toward the car and then paid the last $2,000. That was paid off well before a year after graduation. Then after that I had just the Sallie Mae loans left and attacked those one at a time.
At some points in time I would pay the minimum on all of my loans while I invested and made more money there. It wasn’t as strategic as it should have been, but once I learned how to invest I felt like it was a better opportunity for me to make money than to pay off debt.
One other thing I tried that didn’t work was I called into as many debt relief programs as I could. My salary was too high to qualify but I think it’s something important that other people can look into.
Related: A guide to paying off your student loans
What can people learn from your experience?
The first thing is to really commit to getting out of debt. I was 100 percent committed. What I wanted was peace of mind and freedom from the worries.
I think that’s really the first step for everybody: to decide enough is enough.
That made it easy for me to make the decisions. To sacrifice on my car, to sacrifice on my housing.
Once you paid off your debt, what did you do with the money that was going to those monthly payments?
Every penny went toward my investing business. Then I eventually sold my foreclosure home and all of that money went toward my business. And that’s how I was able to build up my fortune so that I was able to leave the corporate world and travel around and do some pretty cool things. Really, investments became my number one goal after that.
One question I get most often from people is if they should prioritize paying down debt or if they should use their money to invest to save for a house or to invest in something that could grow over time. In your experience, what can you say to people about balancing those two?
If you have a 401(k) opportunity, you have to take advantage of that. It will save you one, on taxes. And two, if you get a corporate match that’s a great opportunity. Then the question becomes how much do you save? And I would say as much as you can and then some. It’s hard to do, but what it takes is making it automatic so that you don’t have to worry about it. Once it’s out of sight, once we don’t have that money to spend we find a way to get by.
The second priority is to attack that debt because it’s hard to get ahead until we’re out of debt. Whether it’s a mortgage or student loans or credit cards it doesn’t matter.
Start with a 401(k) then work toward the debt. And once you’ve cleared that debt then work on investing. I never reduced the payments toward my 401(k) or my IRA.
There’s a lot of emphasis now on making sure your college degree will lead to a job. Part of that debate is encouraging people to study science fields, or STEM. Is this something you thought about when you chose your major?
What I knew engineering school was going to do for me was open up some opportunities.
I would maybe push back a little bit with somebody who believes the major is the be all, end all. I’ve interviewed so many wealthy people and it’s interesting the careers they’ve gone on. They’ve either jumped from career to career or they’ve gone and done something different things from their major.
What I suggest to people is to look at where you want to go — and it changes — and what experiences you need to get there.
There’s a common set of experiences most people will want to kind of check off their list. Sales is something that is priceless. If you get sales experience it’s going to pay off in some way, shape or form. Another one is maybe operations, just understanding the flow of things. Another one is management. If you have understanding or at least experiences in those three you have the opportunity to do a lot of things.
It’s a way of using your career and experience as tools instead of what you “should” be doing.
Read More:

Telecom Regulator Recommendations on 3G Spectrum May Be Out by Early JanuaryYou are here: Home Industries
Telecom Regulator Recommendations on 3G Spectrum May Be Out by Early January
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 07, 2014 16:55 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New Delhi: The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) is expected to give recommendations for base price and valuation of 3G spectrum by early January as the government plans to auction the airwaves along with 2G sale scheduled in February.
"There is an open house discussion on December 22 on the issue and the recommendations can be out by the first two weeks of January or earlier," a source in sectoral regulator TRAI said.
TRAI has issued a consultation paper on valuation and reserve price of spectrum in 2100 MHz band, used for 3G services, on December 2.
The Department of Telecom (DoT) had on October 16 asked the telecom regulator to give recommendations for reserve price of spectrum in 2100 MHz, 2300 MHz and 2500 MHz bands. DoT though on November 27 asked TRAI to expedite the process for 2100 MHz band pricing.
"TRAI will give the recommendations of 2100 MHz first and later work on 2300 Mhz and 2500 MHz bands," the source said. Telecom companies as well as the regulator have been of the view that the auction should take place only when adequate spectrum is made available, and the bidding should be held simultaneously for both the services - 2G and 3G.
The Department of Telecom is in talks with the Defence Ministry for vacation of spectrum in 2100 MHz band and there are three possible scenarios under deliberation. In case one, if no spectrum is released by the Defence, then auction cannot be conducted in this band.
The second scenario is that it releases 5 MHz in 17 circles. In that case one block of 5 MHz spectrum will be available for auction in 17 circles.
The third scenario could be the Defence swapping 2100 MHz spectrum with 1900 MHz. In that case, in addition to 5 MHz spectrum in 17 circles, it may release 15 MHz on pan-India basis by swapping 2100 Mhz spectrum with 1900 Mhz.
The Defence had released 20 MHz out of 25 MHz in 2100 MHz band allocated to DoT under the agreement with Defence on a pan-India basis and one more block of 5 MHz in 5 circles, which was auctioned in 2010.
Under the agreement with the telecom department (DoT), the remaining spectrum is to be vacated only after the alternate communication network is completed.
The next round of spectrum auction is proposed to be held in February and the government is estimated to garner at least Rs 9,355 crore from sale of radio waves.
As per estimates, auction of spectrum in 2100 Mhz band in February can fetch bids worth at least Rs 5,000 crore.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 16:50 (IST)

NBFCs Bad Loans Level May Go Up to 6.1% in 3 Years: CareUp to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
Mumbai: With the new framework issued by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for non-banking finance companies (NBFCs), their gross NPAs or bad loans level is likely to be in the range of 5.8-6.1 per cent of their advances by 2018, credit rating agency Care has said in a report.
Last month, the RBI had issued 'Revised Regulatory Framework for NBFCs', aimed at strengthening the structural profile of the sector. The guidelines are to be implemented over the next three financial years.
"With the new framework, we estimate the gross NPA level (for NBFCs) may be in the range of 5.8-6.1 per cent by 2018 from around 3.4 per cent currently," the Care report said.
It said the profitability of NBFCs would also see an impact of 35 to 45 bps due to revised guidelines.
NBFCs have witnessed a stress in asset quality during the last two-three years due to weak operating environment and economic downturn.
Sectors which are directly linked to economic activities like commercial vehicle, construction equipment and infrastructure financing have witnessed sharp deterioration in asset quality.
Gold loan NBFCs have also witnessed asset quality concerns on account of regulatory uncertainties, correction in gold prices and funding constraints.
In the new framework, the RBI has tightened the NPA recognition and provisioning norms for NBFCs to bring them on par with those applicable for commercial banks.
The apex bank made recognition norms for non-performing assets (NPAs) more stringent to 90+ days past due (dpd) from 180+ earlier. Care said on the asset quality front, the transition phase will help in reducing the impact, but the asset quality parameters are likely to deteriorate during transition phase.
It believes that over the next three years there will be economic recovery and credit growth will pick up for NBFC sector as well.
"As a result, and over the period of three years, outstanding advances book will increase thereby lowering the NPA percentage," the report said.
It also expects drastic reduction in fresh slippages for NBFCs with the economic recovery.
Over the transition phase, NBFC's will fine tune their systems and processes and try to align their borrowers to new reporting systems, the report said.
"We perceive revised regulations to be positive for the NBFC sector. We also believe that current profitability levels can absorb impact of additional provisioning requirements," Care said.
The regulations will make the NBFC sector structurally stronger, increase transparency and improve their ability to withstand asset quality shocks in the long run, it added.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 14:59 (IST)

Is there really common ground between Republicans and DemocratsComments
By David Sherman and Leaf Van Boven December 7
In this file photo, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada stands next to a sign stating the number of days since the Senate passed immigration reform legislation, Thursday, Nov. 20, 2014, during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
The following is a guest post by social psychologists  David Sherman  (University of California, Santa Barbara) and  Leaf Van Boven  (University of Colorado, Boulder).
*****
“Just because you have divided government, doesn’t mean you don’t accomplish anything.” “The resounding message, not just of this election, but basically the last several, is get stuff done. Don’t worry about the next election. Don’t worry about party affiliation.” Many citizens read these quotes as interchangeable and strongly endorse their sentiment. The first is from Sen. Mitch McConnell , the second from President Obama . The quotes’ interchangeability illustrates that there is both consensus and awareness that citizens want change from the most polarized and least productive Congress in history .
With a divided legislative and executive branch in the wake of the midterm elections, will government be able to get stuff done? Unfortunately, when people follow their natural social psychological tendencies, they fall in to political traps that entrench gridlock. For example, partisans blindly follow party lines: Social psychology experiments conducted by Geoffrey Cohen of Stanford University have shown that Democrats prefer Democratic-backed welfare policies and Republicans prefer Republican-backed welfare policies, even when the policies are otherwise equal.
When partisans are unwilling to trust the other side, gridlock is inevitable. Or is it?
Social psychological research shows that inviting partisans to affirm their sense of self-worth can help them escape political traps. Defensive partisan reactions, such as blindly opposing the other side’s ideas, are largely driven by the desire to see one’s political group — and, by extension, oneself — as moral, correct, and good. To protect one’s own political identity, people oppose competing ideological perspectives and the people who hold them — a politically destructive defense mechanism. Yet these reactions are not inevitable. When people engage in acts that affirm who they are — as good people, not as good partisans — they become more tolerant of threats to their political identity, and more open to the other side.
Examples of denigration of political opponents abound. President Obama has been called “ the most evil president ever ” and McConnell has had the Asian heritage of his wife  linked to unpatriotic policies of shipping jobs to China. Yet affirmation of self-worth can reduce such derogatory tendencies.
We studied this in the run-up to the 2008 presidential election among Democratic and Republican voters who viewed segments from a debate between Barack Obama and John McCain. Predictably, Democrats favored Obama’s policies and performance while Republicans favored McCain. But asking people to write about their core values unrelated to politics — a self-affirming activity — shrunk this partisan divide. Self-affirmed Democrats became less enamored of Barack Obama, and affirmed Republicans became more open to him. Ten days after the election affirmed Republicans even thought Obama would be a better president.
People also protect their political identities by applying more stringent criteria to the opposing side’s arguments than to their own side’s arguments. Self-affirmation can reduce this defensive information evaluation . More generally, affirmation can reduce barriers to conflict resolution , facilitate openness in negotiation , and enable partisans to acknowledge the wrongdoing of their groups, even in situations of seemingly intractable conflict, such as between Israelis and Palestinians.
People conform to the opinions of their group even in the face of countervailing evidence. Although Democrats and Republicans typically conform to different groups, in recent research led by Kevin Binning , a professor at the University of Pittsburgh, both Democrats and Republicans conformed to national polling data about Obama. When Obama was described as soaring in the polls, American voters were more supportive of him and his policies than when Obama was described as swooning in the polls.
Self-affirmation reduced people’s conformity to polls. When participants were affirmed, they were less swayed by polling information and more influenced by evidence about the actual effects of Obama’s policies on the economy. Moreover, these acts of self affirmation had lasting effects on people’s reactions to polls: In one study, partisan Republicans conformed less to the polls and were more influenced by economic evidence four months after they had been affirmed.
Affirmation is not a panacea, of course. These studies were not conducted with members of Congress or on a national scale. And of course even with affirmation, partisan differences remain. But what affirmation does seem to do is to remove the biases that make reasonable compromise almost impossible. And in an era of nearly unprecedented political gridlock, every bit helps.
The political traps illustrated by these studies permeate our political discourse: denigrating opponents, rejecting the other side’s information, and conforming to political norms. Yet because these political traps all stem from a desire to protect one’s political identity, self-affirmation can reduce partisan defensiveness and help people slip the traps.

Leaf Van Boven and David ShermanIt’s the holidays. Things aren’t so jolly.
Dec 12, 2014
“You don’t want to not have health care and have something broken or something pop,” he said.
Dec 12, 2014
That move doesn’t give any indication of whether or not they believe a shutdown is likely -- it’s a required action.
Dec 11, 2014
The administration doesn’t think the government will shut down.
Dec 11, 2014
“Ho ho ho,” the president said. “ho ho ho.“
Dec 10, 2014
Load More
About
Katie Zezima covers the White House for Post Politics and The Fix. She previously worked for the New York Times in Boston and the AP in New Jersey. She was a 2011-12 Knight-Wallace Fellow at The University of Michigan.
Most Read

Uber Driver Arrested For Allegedly Raping Female PassengerUber Driver In India Arrested For Allegedly Raping Female Passenger
Reuters
reddit
By Malini Menon
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - U.S. online ride-hailing service Uber has been banned from operating in the Indian capital after a female passenger accused one of its drivers of rape, a case that has reignited a debate about the safety of women in the South Asian nation.
Uber, which had employed the driver even though he had been arrested on allegations of sexual assault three years ago, would be blacklisted from providing any future services in the New Delhi area, the city's transport department said in a statement.
The attack is the latest to draw attention to the dangers faced by women in the world’s second-most populous nation. Even after the enactment of new laws imposing stricter penalties and establishing fast-track courts, India is struggling to tame attitudes that leave women vulnerable to harassment and rape.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com," special commissioner Kuldeep Singh Gangar said.
A spokeswoman for Uber said she could not immediately comment.
The arrested driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, appeared in court on Monday and was remanded in custody for three days. He was arrested on charges of raping a woman three years ago but was later acquitted, police said.
Indian police said they were considering legal action against the taxi service for failing to run background checks on the driver. The company said there were no defined rules in India on background checks for commercial transport licences and it was working with the government to address the issue.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific," Travis Kalanick, Uber’s chief executive officer, said in a statement before the ban. "We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice."  Police said the 32-year-old driver dropped the woman home after attacking her and warned her not to inform the authorities. She managed to note the driver's number and take a photograph of his car, they said. The sexual assault happened two years after the fatal gang rape of another young woman taking public transport in New Delhi. That case led to nationwide protests and forced the government to address demands for heavier sentences for rape.
NIGHT TIME DANGER
India is the fourth-most dangerous place for a woman to take public transport, according to a poll published in October by the Thomson Reuters Foundation. It was ranked second-worst on safety at night and for verbal harassment.
On average, 40 cases of crimes against women are registered daily by Delhi police. This included at least four cases of rape every day, the Minister of State for Home Affairs Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary told parliament last week.Monica Kumar, a clinical psychologist who heads the Delhi-based Manas Foundation, said many taxi drivers were migrants from less-developed areas where patriarchal attitudes remain prevalent and were not accustomed to seeing women out alone late at night or dressed differently."The conversations about the changing scenario in cities like Delhi where women are becoming more empowered are just not happening," said Kumar, which runs gender-sensitization classes for rickshaw drivers.
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States, and has apologized for comments by an executive who suggested "digging up dirt" on journalists investigating the firm.
That has not stopped the San Francisco-based firm from raising investment that values it at $40 billion, reflecting the perceived potential of its expansion into high-growth markets like India.
(Additional reporting by Nita Bhalla; Writing By Andrew MacAskill; Editing by Sanjeev Miglani and Nick Macfie)
More:

Jindal touts record while still avoiding 2016 questionBy Todd C. Frankel December 7 Follow @tcfrankel
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal used lots of “ifs” to discuss his 2016 presidential ambitions on "Fox News Sunday" – as in, “If I were to decide to run … ”
Jindal gave nothing away during the interview with Chris Wallace, despite the host’s attempts to determine whether the governor was in or out for the 2016 race.
At one point, Wallace cited to Jindal recent opinion polls showing Jeb Bush leading the field of potential Republican candidates, noting that Jindal came in 11th place, with 2.8 percent of those polled picking him.
“Realistically,” Wallace asked, “how do you come from so far behind?”
Jindal was unfazed.
“Chris, look, if I were to decide to run it wouldn't be about poll numbers,” Jindal said. “I was at less than two percent when I first ran for governor, I was within the margin of error.”
Jindal mentioned that he’s got a unique perspective — “if I were to decide to run.” He noted how he and his family have lived the American dream and taken on big challenges.
“I think the American people are looking for big change in Washington, D.C., not small change, big change,” he said.
He noted that “this election is going to be about big ideas and big change.”
And Jindal said he has big ideas and wants to see big change.
The unanswered question was whether he wanted to try doing that as president — if he were to decide to run.
Todd C. Frankel is a reporter covering people and policy. You can follow him on Twitter: @tcfrankel .

Cubist move highlights antibiotics appealMerck’s Cubist takeover highlights lure of antibiotics
Andrew Ward and Arash Massoudi in London and Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a13211c-7e12-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China Stocks Jump as Dim Exports Add Stimulus HopeIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Dolphin Offshore Shares Gain 7% on Contract ExtensionYou are here: Home Market
Dolphin Offshore Shares Gain 7% on Contract Extension
Reuters | Updated On: December 08, 2014 10:15 (IST)
Shares in Dolphin Offshore Enterprises India Ltd gain as much as 7.1 per cent on Monday after the company won contract extension from its Mexican client for another three years.
The extension is positive even after fall in oil prices, analysts said
Dolphin Offshore stock had gained 137 per cent until Friday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Tips to avoid blowing up wedding budgetlifestyle
Tips to avoid blowing up wedding budget
While people may know the basics to sticking within their budget like not overdoing it with over-the-top florals, there are some less obvious ways to keep the budget in check. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Buying things before you have a budget and a plan: Don't buy anything for the wedding until you make your budget guidelines. It's so easy to get caught up in the excitement of starting to buy things, that money can get spent on little fun details that in the end will not mean as much as you originally thought. You could end up spending way more on something that turns out to be not important and then have to skimp on things that are. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Getting carried away with the guest list: You want to invite everyone to celebrate the life moment, but not being careful with the guest list is the easiest way to blow up your budget. In addition to the cost of food and beverages for each additional guest, you'll also have to factor in costs of rentals, transportation, and favours.  (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Not being clear on what the site fee includes: Every venue is different. Some might require you to rent everything from the napkins to the tables to the lights and bathrooms, which adds up very quickly. Make sure you call a rental company and get quotes for anything that is not included with the site so that you'll know what the total cost is for that venue before you book.  (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Not sticking to your timeline: Usually you contract vendors for a specific number of hours. If you don't stick to your timeline, you run the risk of things running late. This means that you'll end up incurring expensive overtime fees that were not budgeted. (Source: Express Archives)
Related

Prince William  pregnant wife Kate Middleton arrive in USlifestyle
Prince William, pregnant wife Kate Middleton in US on their maiden visit
Britain's Prince William and his wife, Kate Middleton, who is five-months pregnant with their second child, arrived in New York City on the royal couple's first official visit to the U.S.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's motorcade pulled up outside the Carlyle Hotel on Sunday night to a throng of media and shrieking admirers, who were kept behind police barricades. Kate is expecting their second child in April.
Kate, center, Duchess of Cambridge and Britain's Prince William, right, are greeted by The Carlyle hotel manager Giovanni Beretta, Sunday, Dec. 7, 2014, in New York.  (Source: AP)
Kate Middleton, 32, was stylish as ever in a coat by British maternity label Seraphine. Seen here with Prince William. (Source: AP)
William is scheduled to meet with President Barack Obama at the White House on Monday while visiting Washington to attend a World Bank conference. At that meeting, he is expected to speak about combating illegal trade in wildlife parks. (Source: AP)
William and Kate also have a full schedule of events in New York, including a visit to the National Sept. 11 Memorial and Museum and a basketball game between the Brooklyn Nets and the Cleveland Cavaliers.  (Source: AP)
Kate also is scheduled to tour a New York child development center with the city's first lady, Chirlane McCray. (Source: AP)
William and Kate are staying at the Carlyle Hotel, where William's late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales once stayed.
Related

When they were conqueredWritten by Aditya Iyer | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:17 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 2:23 pm
Before they mobbed the venue, they crowded apparel stores. From the upmarket Khan Market to Sarojini Nagar’s labyrinth of chaos, they streamed into any store that upheld the tick-mark, the swoosh, above its awning. Delhi felt the need to be branded, branded like horses, so alphabets embossed upon their foreheads could differentiate them from the pack as true fans. So alphabets embossed upon their skulls could make them indistinguishable in a herd.
So in that herd, they marched towards the IGI in a sea of ‘RF’ caps, to pay obeisance to Roger Federer.
This, though, was less a pilgrimage and more the act of relic-collecting. A horde of art-fans on the threshold of the Louvre realising that all that separated them from reliving the Renaissance was a single step ahead. They were about to ogle and appreciate the creator’s every brushstroke and spot his trademarks in the forthcoming exhibition — the balletic backhand, the flawless forehand and the sway of his hair before he served.
“Everything he does on the court seems to be in slow-motion,” said someone in the queue to the turnstiles. The rest nodded in agreement. “I hope he serves and volleys, that’s what I remember the young Federer do,” said someone else. The rest hoped with her. A pre-maturely bald, 30-something man drained the last dregs of a rum and cola mix from a plastic bottle. “It helps take the edge off,” he said, sheepishly. The rest empathised.
The God-man, not a soi disant one, was waiting for them inside, and they entered like they would a magic show, hoping for him to almost produce ash, perhaps just make his opponents disappear. He knew his role and emerged from a cloud of smoke.
“Ladies and gentleman, our final Micromax Indian Ace is a recent Davis Cup winner and a 17-time Grand Slam champion,” said a voice in the sky. The emcee perhaps had more to say, but it couldn’t be heard, for Roger Federer had just entered the building, with a school-girl in tow (as is the custom these days) appearing from a tunnel filled with the vapours of dry ice. The hero they came here to idolise would later say that the welcome made him feel like a ‘superstar’.
LEAGUE OF HIS OWN
But now, back in the present, he takes his place court-side, dignified with his arms folded behind his back, next to his idol, friend and team-mate Pete Sampras. Sampras, the man he replaced at the top of the Grand Slam winners’ list, the man he replaced as greatest, the man he replaced as tennis god. He will soon be urged to replace him on an Indian tennis court.
Sampras is now 43 and in our unforgiving eyes, just human. continued…

Messi scores hat-trick  400th Barcelona goalBy: Reuters | Barcelona |
Posted: December 8, 2014 10:49 am
Lionel Messi scored yet another hat-trick and surpassed 400 club goals as Barcelona came from behind to win the Catalan derby 5-1 against Espanyol in La Liga on Sunday.
The Argentine, who holds the La Liga and Champions League scoring records, produced a now familiar devastating performance to take his record to 402 goals for Barca in all competitions, including 28 in friendlies.
Messi produced his tour de force just a day after Cristiano Ronaldo, his rival for title of world’s best player, scored a La Liga record 23rd hat-trick against Celta Vigo in a 3-0 win for leaders Real Madrid.
The win left Barca in second place in La Liga, two points behind Real.
Messi may have two fewer La Liga hat-tricks than Ronaldo but he has 29 to the Portuguese striker’s 27 in official matches for their Spanish clubs.
Former Barca player Sergio Garcia put Espanyol ahead at the Nou Camp but Messi, who had earlier hit the crossbar with a free kick, equalised before halftime, his landmark 400th goal coming with a clinical strike from the edge of the area.
Shortly after the break, Luis Suarez found the Argentine and he again hit the corner of the net from a similar distance.
Espanyol were in disarray and Gerard Pique was allowed a free header from a corner to add to the lead after 53 minutes.
Substitute Pedro latched onto a long ball from Jordi Alba to grab another and, with nine minutes remaining, he set up Messi for a brilliantly executed third.
“Until the first goal the game was at a slow tempo which is what we are used to as rivals just pack the defence,” Barca coach Luis Enrique told a news conference.
“When we conceded, the doubts came and we couldn’t find an end product to our play. The key came with the goal before the break and then after that it was all a lot easier.”
David Moyes, the former Manchester United manager, suffered his first defeat as coach of Real Sociedad as they were crushed 4-0 at Villarreal.
The floodgates opened in the second half after an Enaut Zubikarai own goal, with Denis Cheryshev adding another before a late double from Moi Gomez.
Valencia’s Champions League hopes took a further blow as they were held 1-1 away to Granada and lie fifth on 25 points.
Alvaro Negredo scored his first goal in a Valencia shirt but the visitors were then reduced to 10 men with Paco Alcacer sent off in the 86th and Isaac Success grabbed an equaliser two minutes from the end.

Defending the indefensible: India lose to ArgentinaWritten by Mihir Vasavda | Bhubaneswar |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:03 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 11:15 am
The similarities in the two goals Argentina scored in the final quarter of play were striking. They got the ball to the left flank and whipped in a low, hard cross inside the ‘D’. On both occasions, striker Agustin Mazzilli waited near the penalty spot, sneaking in behind the defense at the right moment. The first time, Mazzilli simply had to tap in the ball inside an open goal from two yards out to give Argentina the lead for the first time in the match. Minutes later, they replayed the pattern. This time, Mazzilli was blocked by an onrushing PR Sreejesh but Joaquin Menini was there to pounce on the rebound, scoring Argentina’s fourth goal and putting the result beyond any doubt.
Caught on the counter
Those two goals the World Cup bronze medallists scored in a span of 10 minutes in the final quarter summed up the dreadful day the Indian defense had. The threat Argentina possess from counter-attacks is known. High performance director Roelant Oltmans and captain Sardar Singh acknowledged the need to be cautious against the South American’s penchant for scoring on the break.
Yet, India failed to contain them. Not once, but on four occasions. More than the damaging score line, what would hurt India more is that the 4-2 defeat has completely laid bare India’s defence and the indiscipline to execute game-plans. Monitoring both teams performances from the stands, the Australian coaching staff couldn’t hide their amazement at the frailty shown by the Indian defence and the manner in which they conceded goals.
For a few moments, the scoring pattern resembled a basketball match. The sleeping Indian defence was twice caught off guard by Argentina’s counter-attacking approach, pulling back goals barely seconds after going down.
India took the lead in the 30th minute when Gurjinder Singh played a delightful cross-field pass towards Akashdeep Singh that was poorly dealt with by the Argentine defence. The young striker slotted it past goalkeeper Juan Vivaldi to give India the lead.
However, even before the players could return to their positions, Argentina struck back. It was a mirror image of the goal India scored, with Gonzalo Peillat whipping in a cross that was deflected in by Lucas Vila seconds later.
Gurjinder put India ahead yet again in the 37th minute with a powerful drag-flick to Vivaldi’s right. However, Rupinderpal Singh failed to trap a long ball played inside the Indian ‘D’ and an alert Juan Lopez scored the equaliser with an overhead smash, giving Sreejesh no chance to make save.
Sreejesh, hero of India’s match against Germany despite the defeat, was guilty of making several wrong decisions. The lack of communication between the defenders was evident in the last two goals Argentina scored. VR Raghunath, Rupinderpal and Birendra continued…

Chinese trade data was weakerChina trade data well below expectations
China's imports fell surprisingly in November, showing weak domestic demand
China trade data beats expectations
Trade data from the world's second largest economy, China, came in well below expectations on Monday, heightening fears of a sharper slowdown.
China's exports rose 4.7% in November from a year ago, compared to market forecasts of a 8.2% jump.
Imports fell 6.7% in the same period against predictions of a 3.9% rise.
The surprise slump in imports led the trade surplus to hit a record $54.5bn (£35bn), the highest in 14 years.
While the trade surplus, which is up 61% compared to last year, will add to economic growth in the fourth quarter, it does suggest the government needs to step in to stimulate growth, said Dariusz Kowalczyk, economist at Credit Agricole.
"[Imports fall] is partly a reflection of lower commodity prices and base effects, but these two factors cannot fully explain the weak import number and we have to assume that poor domestic demand has played a part," he said.
"We expect a reserve requirement ratio cut in December, introduction of reverse repos this week, and another rate cut in the first quarter."
In October, exports grew by 11.6%, while imports were higher at 4.6%.
China's economic growth had slowed to 7.3% in the third quarter, marking its weakest quarter since the global financial crisis as a cooling property market and tighter credit conditions weighed on growth.
Economists had been calling for stimulus measures from the government and the central bank did unexpectedly cut interest rates for the first time in over two years last month to spur activity.
More on This Story

under a deal announced this morning·           Full ownership of one of the UK's leading financial services brands
 
·           Investment opportunities in the short term to drive expansion and diversification over the medium to long term
 
·           Earnings enhancing in year one on a cash basis
 
·           Further diversification of esure Group's income streams
 
·           Consideration of £95 million represents a multiple of 7.3x 50 per cent. of Gocompare's 2013 EBITDA; valuing Gocompare at £190 million overall
 
·           Funded by issuance of up to £125 million of subordinated notes
 
·           Subordinated notes are expected to meet the requirements of Solvency II, further strengthening the Group's capital position
 
·           Jon Morrell, current Deputy Chief Operating Officer of the Group, will be appointed as Gocompare Chief Executive Officer, to run Gocompare in Newport on a business as usual basis
 
Peter Wood, Chairman of esure Group plc, commented:
 
"This is another positive milestone for esure Group. Gocompare has always been an exciting business and it has developed strongly following our original investment into one of the UK's leading financial services brands. This move lays the ground for further development of Gocompare as part of the Group's strategy of diversifying income streams."
 
Stuart Vann, Chief Executive Officer of esure Group plc, commented:
 
"This is a great opportunity for the esure Group to acquire the remaining share of an important and innovative player in the price comparison market at an attractive price. While the esure Group and Gocompare will continue to operate on a strictly independent basis, regarding partnerships and comparison services, I believe that there are significant opportunities available for Gocompare to grow revenues and profitability over the medium to long term. Over the past seven years, I have overseen the investment in Gocompare and believe that the time is now right for esure Group to acquire the remaining 50% of the business and take the business to the next level.    
 
"I'm delighted to announce that Jon Morrell will become Chief Executive Officer at Gocompare upon completion. I have worked with Jon for four years and believe he is the right person to drive the business forward. His experience and knowledge across the market, in combination with the talented team that is already in place in Newport, will be a key asset for the business, as we look to enhance shareholder value over the coming years. Hayley Parsons, who founded Gocompare, will leave the business upon completion. I would like to pay tribute to all the hard work and innovation that Hayley has brought to the business from start-up to the present day.
 
"Our expectations for the Group for the full year remain unchanged."
 
Gocompare
 
Gocompare was established in 2006 and in 2007 the esure Group bought an option for £2.7 million to purchase a 50 per cent. holding in Gocompare, which was exercised in 2010. Gocompare has since grown to be one of the UK's top financial services brands and a leading price comparison website offering consumers a convenient way to compare and buy both financial and non-financial products including insurance, money services, travel and utilities and had over two million customers in 2013. In the space of seven years, Gocompare has grown rapidly and in 2013 achieved income of £110 million, profit before tax of £25 million and generated £25 million of net operating cash inflows. At the 31 December 2013, Gocompare had gross assets of £50 million. The Gocompare gross assets, the subject of the transaction, are therefore £25 million as at 31 December 2013, and Gocompare's profit before tax attributable to the assets, subject to the transaction, are therefore £13 million, for the year ended 2013.
 
Gocompare has a highly experienced, talented and motivated team based in Newport, and the business will benefit further from the leadership of Jon Morrell, as Chief Executive Officer, and the wider support from the Group. Gocompare will continue to be run on an independent basis with respect to partnerships and comparison services.
 
The selling shareholders of Gocompare are Hayley Parsons, Gocompare's employee benefit trust, Blue Boar Holdings Limited and certain current and former officers and employees of Gocompare.
 
Gocompare continues to perform in line with expectations and the guidance provided at the Group's interim results announcement.
 
Funding
 
The Acquisition will be funded by an issuance of up to £125 million of dated ten year tier two subordinated notes. Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, has been appointed to act as sole lead manager and sole book runner.
 
Stuart Vann, Chief Executive Officer, and Darren Ogden, Chief Finance Officer, will commence a debt marketing roadshow with fixed income debt investors later this week and the Group expects to announce the final terms of the placement in due course.
 
Solvency Capital
 
Following the Acquisition of Gocompare, the Group's capital ratio under the current regime will improve modestly as the notes will qualify as lower tier II capital under Solvency I, restricted to a maximum value of 25% of the minimum capital requirement.
 
The Group's capital position will be strengthened under Solvency II as tier II debt will be permitted as qualifying capital up to a maximum value of 50% of the solvency capital requirement.
 
Conference call
 
A conference call for analysts and institutional investors will be held today at 8.30am (UK time).
 
The participant dial-in telephone number is +44 800 368 0649 or +44 203 059 8125 and quote "esure".
 
A copy of the investor presentation can be found on the Group website at: www.esuregroup.com/investors 
 

Crude oil prices are continuing-1.52
-1.4
All market data carried by BBC News is provided by DigitalLook.com. The data is for your general information and enjoys indicative status only. Neither the BBC nor Digital Look accept any responsibility for its accuracy or for any use to which it may be put. All share prices and market indexes delayed at least 15 minutes. 52 week high and low values are calculated from close price data. Click here for terms and conditions
Top Stories

GCPL ex-MD Mahendran readies solo ventureGCPL ex-MD Mahendran readies solo venture
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 12:45 AM IST
Ten months after getting Goldman Sachs and Mitsui Investment on board as private equity investors, Godrej Consumer’s former managing director, A Mahendran (pictured), will shortly launch a new range of beverages and confectionery under Global Consumer Products, his solo venture.
The products, with the working titles of ‘Love It’ for confectionery and ‘Cherio’ for beverages, will be rolled out in the next two months, Mahendran, the company’s chairman & managing director, said. Mahendran, along with his family, controls 20 per cent of Global Consumer Products; the rest is held by Goldman Sachs and Mitsui, which have invested Rs 315 crore in the venture.
“We are working out the finer details like branding and packaging and should be ready by January-end. We have already tied up with distributors and contract manufacturers in the South, where the products will be first launched,” he said.
While the new products will subsequently be rolled out into other parts of the country, Mahendran is also contemplating acquisitions to strengthen his portfolio. “We are looking at buys in the food & beverage space, besides acquisitions of distribution assets, mainly in the North, West and East India. We are based in the South, so that region is not an issue for us. It is the other parts that we have to cover.”
Acquisitions are not new to Mahendram, a veteran in the consumer goods sector who steered the merger & acquisition cell at Godrej Consumer as managing director between July 2010 and June 2013, wrapping up eight buys from 2010 to 2012. The acquisitions included Nigerian company Tura in March 2010, Indonesian major Megasari Makmur in April that year, Sara Lee’s 51 per cent stake in the Indian joint venture Godrej Sara Lee in the second week of May 2010, Issue at the end of the third week of May 2010, Argencos in early June, and brands Swastik and Genteel from Mumbai-based Priya Kothari group in December 2010. In June 2011, Godrej acquired the Darling Group in Africa. And, in January 2012, the firm acquired Chilean company Cosmetica Nacional.
After his exit from Godrej Consumer, Mahendran bought back pest management brand Hi Care from Danish company ISS in January this year — five years after first selling. The deal, valued at Rs 150 crore or twice Hi Care’s sales of Rs 70 crore in 2012-13, also involved private equity investor India Value Fund (IVF). Mahendan took a 20 per cent stake in Hi Care, while the rest was held by IVF.
As far as the Bengaluru-headquartered Global Consumer Products goes, Mahendran says the company is eying a turnover of Rs 1,200 crore by 2020 and has put in place a high-powered team that includes former executives from Britannia, Ferrero Rocher and Mondelez. “Anuradha Narasimhan joined us about six months ago from Britannia. She heads sales & marketing. Kamal Kumar Agarwal, who heads finance, human resource, information technology and legal affairs, came from Ferrero. We also have Ajayakumar SA, our research & development head, from Cadbury (now Mondelez), Nigeria,” Mahendran said.
Global Consumer might consider a listing by 2020 to give an exit to its private equity partners, or get a strategic investor on board replacing its current investors, Mahendran said. “This will happen in six to seven years, which is enough time to achieve our current targets,” he said.
TOP EXECUTIVES WHO LAUNCHED FMCG START-UPS IN RECENT YEARS
Paras Pharma promoter Devendra Patel launched Adjavis Venture Ltd, post the sale of the Ahmedabad-based company to Reckitt Benckiser in 2010. The company was launched last year and markets the popular deodrant brand Layer'r
Devendra’s brother, Darshan Patel, who had moved out of Paras Pharma before it was sold to Reckitt, runs another venture called Vini Cosmetics, maker of Fogg deodrant
Former Coca-Cola executives Neeraj Kakkar, Suhas Misra, Neeraj Biyani and James Nutall started Hector Beverages in Gurgaon in 2011. The company sells two brands, energy drink Tzinga and ethnic drink Paper Boat
Meru Cabs promoter Neeraj Gupta and consumer & retail sector veteran K Radhakrishnan together launched Freshkins this year in Mumbai, a neighbourhood shopping chain for perishable items

Stalling eurozone + whisky exportsScottish Item Club predicts slower growth for economy
The report said stumbling whisky exports could affect growth
Osborne 'must invest' in Scotland
A leading forecaster has predicted that Scotland's economy will continue to grow next year - but at a slower rate.
The EY Scottish Item Club said 2014 was likely to end with growth of 2.8% - better than any year since 2007 but slightly less than the UK as a whole.
The group forecast growth of 2% next year.
It warned the economy could be blown off course by uncertainty over a possible EU referendum, stumbling whisky exports and falling oil price.
The group said the price of oil - which has fallen by about 40% since the summer - could have an impact on the North Sea oil and gas sector as well as the renewable energy industry.
EY senior partner Jim Bishop said: "UK growth has helped increase domestic demand for Scottish products, but conversely the slowdown in key emerging consumer markets like China is having an adverse impact on Scottish luxury goods exports.
"The predicted rise in Scotland's economic output is cause for cheer, but the country's narrow export base is preventing it from really taking off."
Exports 'challenge'
Other business groups have given a similar assessment over exports.
The Bank of Scotland's latest survey of purchasing managers found new export orders for manufacturers fell for a fifth successive month in November.
It said the fall illustrated "the challenge of increasing exports to a stagnating eurozone economy".
A separate report by business advisers BDO warned that key European markets continued to stagnate.
The item club's report predicted that the professional and support services sector would continue to lead the growth charge next year, with output forecast to expand by 4.3% in 2015.
Transport and communication (3.9%), construction (3.4%) and financial services (2.4%) were also forecast to grow in excess of overall growth.
Manufacturing sector
But Scotland's manufacturing sector is expected to underperform overall growth next year, with output rising by 1.2%.
Output from the public sector is also predicted to fall, driven by "a static picture in health, a small fall in education output and a continued grind in public administration and defence".
However, the report anticipated that employment in Scotland would continue to rise.
Dougie Adams, senior economic adviser to the EY Scottish Item Club, said: "The service sector remains Scotland's engine of employment creation, but the pace of job growth is likely to abate in line with economic growth and a tightening in the availability of suitably skilled staff."
Mr Adams added: "The prospect of an EU referendum and the challenge of developing a stable framework for enhanced devolution, not just to Scotland but to the other nations and regions of the UK, are becoming the main impediments to investment spending and resultant short and medium-term growth."
More on This Story

Pooja Bhatt  husband Manish Makhija call it quits after 11 years of marriageWritten by Dimpal Bajwa , Edited by Sarika Sharma |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:42 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 12:29 pm
Bollywood actress turned director, Pooja Bhatt and her husband Manish Makhija (former Channel V VJ and restaurateur) ended their marriage after 11 years of being together. The former actress confirmed the news on Twitter.
The eldest child of director Mahesh Bhatt, Pooja Bhatt married Manish in 2003. The two met on the sets of film ‘Paap’ and got married in Goa.
To all those who care & especially those that don’t my husband Munna & Me have decided to part ways after 11 glorious years of marriage.
— Pooja Bhatt (@PoojaB1972) December 8, 2014
There have been rumours about their divorce previously, but this time the actress broke the news herself in a series of tweets.
Our split as some might call it is amicable & we hold each other in the highest esteem for now and forever.
— Pooja Bhatt (@PoojaB1972) December 8, 2014
The reason I explain Is because we are both part of the public domain. Our friends,well wishers & foes are free to now speculate. : )
— Pooja Bhatt (@PoojaB1972) December 8, 2014
Though the couple has parted ways, but the two are likely to be working together since Manish is composing music for Pooja’s next film ‘Cabaret’.

For kids with autism  a  flight  to ease stressPrint
Nathaniel Epstein, 14, smiles as he sits in his seat on an airplane at the Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport, Saturday, Dec. 6, 2014, in Linthicum, Md., during Wings for Autism, an airport rehearsal for children with autism spectrum disorders, their families and aviation officials. Families took part in a typical airport experience, from check-in and security to boarding a plane, with the intention of alleviating some of the stress of air travel for children with autism. (Source: AP)
By: AP | Linthicum |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:03 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 1:10 pm
With boarding passes in hand, children with autism spectrum disorders and their families took part in an air travel rehearsal at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. Fifty families experienced a typical day at an airport, from check-in and security to receiving peanuts and pretzels from flight attendants onboard a Southwest Airlines jet for a 30-minute simulated “flight” that never left the gate.
Rehearsals like this one originated with a Massachusetts-based chapter of The Arc, an advocacy organization for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities and their families. The goal is to alleviate some of the stress of air travel for children with autism.
Malkia Wageed, left, looks at airplanes with her son, Tylee Lynn, 12, at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. (Source : AP)
 
Xavier Perry, 5, looks out of an airplane window at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. (Source : AP)
 
Carolina Harp points out a boarding pass to her son Tomas, 7, as her son Mateo, 9, who is autistic, plays a video game after they checked in at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport, (Source : AP)
 
Jennifer Langley follows her son, Elliott Tillman, 4, on a moving walkway at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. (Source : AP)
 
Cameron Vinson, 11, raises his arms as he stands in a body scanner at a security checkpoint at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. (Source : AP)
 
Monica Sanjur reads with her son, Patxi Uy, 11, as they wait at their boarding gate at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. (Source : AP)
 

Action Jackson has a damp show on box office  collects 28 crore over weekendPrabhudheva's fourth directorial venture in Bollywood Action Jackson managed to mint Rs. 28 crore over the first weekend.
  
Three's company: Ajay Devgn, Sonakshi Sinha, and director Prabhu Deva enjoy some funtime at a promotional event for Action Jackson in Mumbai on October 27, 2014. (AFP Photo)
What's so funny, Sonakshi Sinha?
Ajay Devgn listens intently to a fan at a promotional event for Action Jackson in Mumbai on October 27, 2014. (AFP Photo)
Ajay Devgn and Sonakshi Sinha attend a promotional event for Action Jackson. (AFP Photo)
Made on an estimated budget of about Rs. 75 crore, the Ajay Devgn- Sonakshi Sinha-starrer made an opening collection of Rs. 9.25 crore on Friday. Released in over 3200 screens, the movie could have scored better.
"Considering the budget, the movie should've got a jump of minimum Rs. 15 crore or Rs. 20 crore, but that didn't happen. It earned only Rs. 28 crore in three days. It might not sustain for long," Rajesh Thadani of Multimedia Combines said.
Trade analyst Komal Nahta had earlier described the actioner, which also stars Sonkashi Sinha, as "too routine and hackneyed".

Sold stake to encourage entrepreneurship: NRNChandra R Srikanth
(Stake sale by the founders…)
MUMBAI: As a stake sale by the founders of Infosys led to nearly 5 per cent fall in the share price and created a lot of buzz among market participants, NR Narayana Murthy (NRN), one of the founders of the company, has clarified on the issue.
Speaking exclusively to Chandra R Srikanth of ET NOW, NRN said that the funds raised through the stake sale will be used for various activities to encourage entrepreneurship and personal philanthropic efforts.
"Our family has sold a minor part of our stake to continue various activities, including our efforts to encourage entrepreneurship and our personal philanthropic efforts. These are activities that I expect to be busy with during the next phase of my life," NRN told ET Now.
"Even after this sale, our family continues to be the largest shareholder among retail shareholders. We have tremendous confidence in the future of Infosys and its leaders," he added.
NRN, Nandan Nilekani , K Dinesh and SD Shibulal have offloaded 5-and-a-half per cent stake via 16 block deals through Deutsche Bank . Sharse of Infosys plunged over 3 per cent after founders sold over 3 crore shares at a base price of Rs 1,988 per share, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's closing price.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IPL fixing: Court slams Delhi Police for slack in probe  calls it  tamashaprint
The Supreme Court on Monday put several uncomfortable questions to N Srinivasan on his bid to contest the BCCI elections at a time when he and some cricket administrators are facing a probe.
A bench of Justices TS Thakur and FMI Kalifullah told senior counsel Kapil Sibal that his client, Srinivasan’s conduct ought to be above suspicion. “There is should be no room for anybody to point an accusing finger at the BCCI for bias,” the bench told the former Union Law Minister, asking him whether it would proper for the suspended President and his team to “capture the board elections.”
The bench said the question before it was not just of actual bias but even the likelihood of bias. “If an official of a team (Meiyappan) has been indicted will not the team be disqualified?” the bench asked Sibal when he said there would be no conflict of interest in a situation when a sugar factory owner becomes the Agriculture minister.
He insisted conflict of interest allegation was not a ground to disqualify a person to hold a post as several persons may hold private interests.
At this the court said: “What about a situation where you are the president of the BCCI with a power to disenfranchise a team which is your duty. But you have an interest because you have a team.”
Sibal argued there was nothing in the statute or any law in the country that the present office bearers cannot be allowed to contest because of the betting allegations against Meiyappan.
The court appeared unconvinced as it once again inquired from Sibal on the business relationship between BCCI and CSK. “You (Srinivasan) have entered into a contract with BCCI. In its sphere of business activities it allows you to enter into a business and say subject to your paying Rs. 400 cr you are given the franchise of a team,” the bench said.
"Once you became a team owner your duty as a BCCI president and team owner seems to be pulling you in different directions.”
City court slams Delhi Police
New Delhi: A city court slammed Delhi police for “not doing anything… for the last six months” in the IPL spot-fixing case where suspended cricketers S Sreesanth, Ajit Chandila, Ankeet Chavan and others, including Dawood Ibrahim, are accused. The court’s ire was drawn by the cops’ request to adjourn the matter, which had been listed for arguments on framing of charges. “From the last six months, this ‘tamasha’ (drama) is going on. Police are not doing anything in this case,” said Additional Sessions Judge Neena Bansal Krishna. HTC

Prince William  Kate arrive in US for an eventful visit  Obama on itineraryBy: Associated Press | New York |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:43 pm
Britain’s Prince William and his wife, Kate, have arrived in New York City on the royal couple’s first official visit to the U.S.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s motorcade pulled up outside the Carlyle Hotel on Sunday night to a throng of media and shrieking admirers, who were kept behind police barricades. Kate is expecting their second child in April.
William is scheduled to meet with President Barack Obama at the White House on Monday while visiting Washington to attend a World Bank conference. At that meeting, he is expected to speak about combating illegal trade in wildlife parks.
William and Kate also have a full schedule of events in New York, including a visit to the National Sept. 11 Memorial and Museum and a basketball game between the Brooklyn Nets and the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and daughter Chelsea Clinton will accompany the couple to a New York reception highlighting conservation efforts.
At a black-tie scholarship fundraiser for the University of St. Andrews, other guests expected include Tom Hanks and opera singer Renee Fleming. The ticket price went up to $10,000 per seat. The royal couple met at the Scottish school.
Kate also is scheduled to tour a New York child development center with the city’s first lady, Chirlane McCray.
Earlier Sunday, the royals were greeted by Peter Westmacott, British ambassador to the U.S., and his wife; British Consul General Danny Lopez; and Peter Selfridge, U.S. chief of protocol.

Hong Kong abuse case: Indonesian maid says tortured with vacuum cleaner tubeIndonesian domestic helper Erwiana Sulistyaningsih lies in a bed whilst being treated at a hospital in Sragen, Indonesia's Central Java province January 17, 2014. (Source:Reuters)
By: Reuters | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:16 pm
An Indonesian domestic helper told a Hong Kong court on Monday that she had been tortured by her employer, with a vacuum cleaner tube placed in her mouth and twisted to cause lacerations, public broadcaster RTHK said.
The landmark trial, featuring pictures of Erwiana Sulistyaningsih’s bruised body, has sparked international outrage at the treatment of maids in the Asian financial centre.
Former Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono denounced her treatment as torture.
Sulistyaningsih’s employer, Law Wan-tung, a former beautician, faces 20 charges, including inflicting grievous bodily harm, assault, and criminal intimidation.
The public broadcaster said Law appeared calm as she pleaded not guilty to all the charges, except one, of failing to take out an insurance policy for an employee.
The domestic helper told the court, through an interpreter, that her employer had slapped, scratched, and punched her.
She said her employer had also hit her with hangers, mop handles and a ladder, and she was not paid or allowed enough food or rest, Hong Kong’s public broadcaster RTHK reported.
Sulistyaningsih was only allowed to sleep from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. each day, and given six pieces of bread and a bowl of rice, she added.
While cases of such harsh treatment are rare, Hong Kong’s policies on migrant workers have made maids reluctant to report abuse for fear of losing their livelihoods and being deported.
Maids are paid a minimum wage equivalent to about $520, an attractive sum for women fleeing poverty elsewhere in Asia.
Hong Kong, a former British territory that returned to Chinese rule in 1997, has about 300,000 foreign domestic helpers, most of them from the Philippines and Indonesia.
In April, Time magazine ranked Sulistyaningsih among its 100 Most Influential People, alongside Russian president Vladimir Putin and U.S. singer Beyonce. (Reporting by Farah Master; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)

Acer returns with Liquid Jade  Liquid E700Lava hints at Indian manufacturing facility at new smartphone launch
Acer is back with its smartphone portfolio in India, launching two budget phones exclusively on snapdeal.com. The company, popular for its computing devices, has launched the premium looking Liquid Jade and value for money Liquid E700 smartphones priced Rs 11,999 and Rs 16,999 respectively.
Allen Burnes, Acer Group’s Vice-President Smart Phones Business, said while the Liquid Jade will appeal to the elegant, beauty conscious and highly social user, the Liquid E700 is more suited to the business traveller who want to remain  connected round the clock.
The Acer Liquid Jade features a curved ergonomic body with a 5-inch HD Gorilla Glass 3 display. It runs Android 4.4 and has a 13 MP main camera with 0.3 second focus and F1.8 aperture. The phone runs on a Quad Core processor and 2 GB of RAM, besides 16 GB internal memory. The phone has a Dual SIM tray converts one slot to an expansion slot for MicroSD card.
The Acer Liquid E700 is aimed at the professional and has extremely long battery life, triple SIM capability and a Zero Air Gap screen. Equipped with a 3500 mAh battery, the E700 promises up to 24 hours of  talk time and 60 hours of standby time. The E700 has triple SIM capabilities, which means you can add a third sim just for data while travelling. It also comes with Android 4.4 (KitKat), a quad-core processor, 2GB RAM and 16 GB of internal storage and a MicroSD card slot for expandable storage.
TAGS: Acer Acer Liquid Jade Snapdeal
More from tech

Uber banned in Delhi; rape accused driver sent to police custody till December 11Comments
A Delhi court sent on Monday an Uber taxi driver accused of raping a 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days as the state government banned the taxi booking service which came under fire for hiring the driver without background checks.
 
Police said Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32 had earlier spent nearly two years in jail from 2011 over another rape charge before being acquitted last year when the victim allegedly turned hostile and the court found contradictions in her statement.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
On Friday night, Yadav allegedly raped an executive from a Gurgaon-based finance company in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla before dropping her home, sparking outrage in the city weeks before the second anniversary of the fatal gangrape of a 23-year-old medical student in a moving bus.
Although the driver threatened to kill her if she reported the crime to police, the woman took a photo of the car's number plate before alerting the authorities.
 
Police tracked Yadav down and arrested him on Sunday from his home town Mathura,160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi, where he had fled.
'Uber misled passenger with app, flouted rules'
He refused to participate in an identification line-up after police told the court they had not yet recovered the mobile phone he used during the incident.
Meanwhile, Uber faced criticism for hiring the cab driver without the mandatory police verification. It initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com with immediate effect," said a statement by the transport department.
"The transport department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the National Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi in future."
The department also alleged Uber had flouted transport rules and "misled" the passenger with its app.
"M/s Uber also misled the commuter about the nature of the taxi service offered by the "Uber App," it said.
Special commissioner Deepak Mishra said early investigations showed GPS had not been installed in the taxi and police background checks were not conducted on the driver.
 
San Francisco-based Uber had earlier issued a statement saying its thoughts were with the young woman and it was working with the government to address the issue.
 
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States and could spell trouble across the globe for the company.
 
Anger mounted in New Delhi where a crowd of angry protesters rallied outside the home minister's residence, demanding more action by officials to ensure safety for women.
 
"The shocking incident of rape of a young woman in a cab on Friday night exposes the alarming situation about lack of women safety in the national capital," the Aam Aadmi Party said in a statement.
Uber on back foot
Uber tried to shift some of the blame on to the Delhi government for the failure to do background checks on the accused cab driver.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick issued a statement following, terming the incident horrific.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery.
"We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs. We will also partner closely with the groups who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women," the statement said.
A day after police served a notice on the firm, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (North), said, "Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we'll go for legal recourse. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case.
(With inputs from agencies)

Kashmiri youth want Android phones  not AK-47s: PM ModiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday requested voters in the Muslim-majority Kashmir Valley to give the BJP a chance and drew on the army indicting nine soldiers for the Budgam shooting to illustrate his intentions to create peace and development in the strife-torn state.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses an election campaign rally at Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar. (PTI photo)
He gave credit to his government for the indictment of soldiers involved in the death of a youth after they fired at a car during a routine check in Budgam on November 3.
The PM said at his maiden poll rally in Srinagar “it was Modi sarkar ka kamaal (his government’s feat)” that the army had accepted its mistake for the first time in 30 years.
J-K, J'khand assembly polls third round voting today
Modi invoked Atal Bihari Vajpayee to share the pain of Kashmiris but avoided any mention of niggling topics such as removal of Article 370 that guarantees the state a unique status, nor did he launch a tirade against Pakistan even in the backdrop of militants stepping up violence that killed 20 people on Friday.
He told a sizeable audience at Sher-i-Kashmir cricket stadium, where Vajpayee had addressed thousands of Kashmiris in 2003, to throw out dynastic politics from the state.
“What have you seen in Kashmir over the past 30 years? Either it was a Congress government or a father-son (National Conference) government or a father-daughter (Peoples Democratic Party) government. You have seen all three types of government. Get rid of all three of them for once and give me one chance to serve you,” said the PM clad in a traditional Kashmiri pheran (cloak).
At his second rally of the day in Samba, after his first stop in Jammu, Modi applauded the people for the high voter turnout in the first two poll phases despite separatists calling a boycott to the democratic process. “The finger on an EVM is more powerful than the one on the trigger of an AK-47.”
He said the time has come to make a misled youth wielding an AK-47 rifle yearn for an android phone rather than a gun in his hand.
In Jammu, wearing a Dogri headgear he touched a raw nerve when he laced his speech with Hindu-majority region’s pet peeve that Srinagar seldom cares for it.
The feeling of discrimination with the Jammu region has strong takers in 19 of 23 seats going to polls in the last two phases. The BJP’s attempt to wrest power in the state hinges on these seats.
But the Srinagar rally was his showpiece as he pledged to carry forward Vajpayee’s dream for Jammu and Kashmir but chose not to go into detail about his stand on dialogue with separatists and Pakistan that the former PM had initiated.
He said the biggest problem the state is saddled with is corruption because the Rs. 2500 crore released for relief and rehabilitation after this year’s devastating floods in Srinagar and other parts of the state didn’t reach those who needed it the most. “People told me to transfer funds directly to their accounts and not through the state government.
It shows how much faith people have in their government,” he said, taking potshot at chief minister Omar Abdullah’s National Conference (NC) government.
Rivals unimpressed
The Congress termed Modi's rally unimpressive, while the People's Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling NC accused the Prime Minister of playing politics with flood victims.
"The BJP government in New Delhi has discriminated against the flood victims in Kashmir for political reasons and has made them suffer so that they could be exploited for political dividends," chief minister Abdullah alleged in his speech during poll rallies in south Kashmir's Anantnag district.
"Till today, New Delhi has not taken a call on the relief and rehabilitation package submitted by the state government."
Referring to the Prime Minister's relief package, PDP patron Mufti Muhammad Sayeed said, "By harping on the meagre Rs. 1,000-crore package, we are only compromising the dignity of the people of Jammu and Kashmir who are not seeking any doles but want to be treated at par with the citizens of any other part of the country."
J-K Pradesh Congress Committee chief Saifuddin Soz said, "After a great fanfare, Modi's rally turned out to be highly unimpressive, with reports of 2,500 people turning up."
(With inputs from Vikram Sharma in Samba)

MDMK chief Vaiko quits NDAComments
Vaiko-led MDMK Monday became the first ally to quit the National Democratic Alliance alliance accusing the Narendra Modi-led government of acting against Tamils.
The Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam held a high level committee meeting in Chennai, attended by all district secretaries, which passed a resolution to quit the NDA, the alliance it had joined on the eve of 2014 Lok Sabha polls.
The resolution, moved by party supremo Vaiko, declared MDMK cannot be a part of the alliance as the BJP-led government has been insensitive to a host of issues concerning Tamil Nadu.
Vaiko said that when it joined the NDA, the party made it clear that the BJP-led government should not support Sri Lanka and its President Mahinda Rajapaksa.
But Prime Minister Modi's government had gone against its promise, he said.
Vaiko added that the Modi government was also silent on Subramanian Swamy's demand for Bharat Ratna for Rajapaksa, condemning the Sri Lankan president's December 9 visit to the Tirupati temple.
He said the central government was betraying the interests of Tamil Nadu over the Mullaperiyar dam row with Kerala and on the sharing of Cauvery river water with Karnataka.
"The BJP government has not taken care of the peoples' needs in Tamil Nadu," he said accusing the central government of giving permission to review safety aspects of the dam.
The Supreme Court last week dismissed the Kerala government's plea to review its May 7 verdict holding as safe the 120-year-old dam and allowing Tamil Nadu to raise water level to 142 feet and ultimately to 152 feet after completion of strengthening measures on the dam.
"Modi is betraying the people of Tamil Nadu," the MDMK leader said.
The resolution was critical of the "inaction" by the Centre on the Cauvery water sharing issue.
Vaiko also accused the Modi government of imposing Hindi and held it guilty of sanskritisation of education.
The party resolution termed the release of five fishermen, who were saved from death sentence following pardon granted by Rajapaksa, as a "drama" and accused the Centre of not solving the fishermen issue.
"Modi is not following the footsteps of Vajpayee," Vaiko said addressing his partymen.
The MDMK joined the six-party grand alliance led by BJP in Tamil Nadu ahead of May Lok Sabha elections. Though the party contested seven seats out of 39, it could not win any. BJP and PMK, another partner of the NDA alliance, managed to win a seat each.
In 2004, Vaiko had joined hands with the Congress. But within six month, when the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government wanted to sign an agreement with the Sri Lanka government, Vaiko condemned it and exited the Congress-led formation.
Over the past two months, the DMK has been wooing Vaiko and its chief Karunanidhi had welcomed all Dravidian parties to come together. DMK senior leader and treasurer, MK Stalin, also met Vaiko at a marriage ceremony recently, sparking off rumours of the impending "home coming" of Vaiko.
Political parties have begun making efforts at realignments keeping the 2016 assembly elections in mind with AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa facing serious threat of getting eliminated from the electoral process.
Playing down the development, senior state BJP leader H Raja said Vaiko was carrying out a negative campaign against the BJP and PM Modi.
Raja said it is wrong to say Modi and central government are not doing anything for the Tamil cause and added it was because of the central government's efforts that five fishermen on death row were released from Sri Lanka within 15 days. 
Raja said people are happy with Modi government.
A senior state BJP leader said on condition of anonymity, "It is better that he has quit, rather than stay and fight the BJP from inside."
NDA alliance partner Kongunadu Makkal Katchi's leader E Eswaran said Vaiko's quitting the NDA will have no impact.
Another ally, India Jananayaka Katchi leader Krishnamurthy, said the Modi government was going in the right direction.
The BJP, upbeat with its success in different parts of the country and recent good show in general elections, is getting more ambitious and is working to expand its base in the state.
BJP president Amit Shah is expected to visit Tamil Nadu for two days, December 20 and 21, to energise the party unit and expand its membership.
Clearly, Tamil Nadu is very much on the saffron party's radar.

The most striking statementInterest rate rises 'won't wreck the recovery'
 
The £50bn gap between Tories and Labour
The implication of the Bank of England's new assessment of household indebtedness is that a modest rise in interest rates would not sink the economy, but would be acutely painful for hundreds of thousands of people.
So on a day when many are asking why a rich country such as the UK has a growing need for food banks, it is the social implications of inevitable increases in interest rates that may be more important than the economic effects.
The most striking statement in the Bank's new debt analysis is that "gradual increases in interest rates from their current historically low levels" should not "have unusually large effects on household spending".
This is slightly odd - which is why the Bank of England is quick to point out that it is not the official view of the Bank's Monetary Policy Committee, but is the view of Bank officials who "feed in" to the MPC's decision.
Hmmm.
The reason it is a bit counter-intuitive to say that interest rate rises won't have a magnified effect on spending and the growth of the economy is that the indebtedness of households remains high by historic standards.
According to the Office for Budget Responsibility, household liabilities are 146% of household income, which is 20 percentage points below its peak at the end of the boom years, but 30 percentage points above where it was in the 1990s.
The UK, and especially its consumers, remains massively indebted.
So any rise in interest rates should have an enlarged effect on how little indebted people have available to spend. And that indeed has been the official position of the Bank of England.
Why might the Bank want to change its official position and be less fearful of rate rises?
Household spending
Well, there are two reasons.
One is that "only" 57% of those with mortgages told the Bank of England that they would cut their spending if interest rates rose two percentage points.
In the survey of 6,000 households carried out for the Bank by NMG Consulting, some 35% said they would simply save less if rates rose 2%, while 24% said they would work more or find other ways to boost income from employment.
And in bad news for the banks and building societies, 23% said they would request changes to their loans - which is another way of saying they would change the repayment profile to the detriment and cost of the lender.
Or to put it another way, a rise in interest rates would potentially generate significant losses for banks, if the survey proves to be correct.
The second reason why a rise in interest rates might not stymie the economy is that savings have increased since the 2008 debacle. And if interest rates were to rise, savers' income would rise.
However, the survey suggests that savers will spend just £1 for every £10 increase in their income, whereas borrowers will cut their spending by £5 for every £10 of their income drop.
Even so, the Bank calculates that a 2% rise in interest rates would reduce spending by around 1% - which, apparently, is not massively out of whack with historical norms.
All of which is to say that the Bank does appear to be steeling itself for the effects of an interest rate rise, because it knows one is likely to be necessary next year - and maybe earlier than the autumn date anticipated by investors.
Household debt
None of which is to play down the hardship for many people that may be caused by a rate increase.
There are still 4% of those with mortgages, little changed from last year, who pay out 40% or more of their gross income to service their debts. That is 360,000 people who are at significant risk of not being able to keep up the payments - and who have precious little money left after shelling out for interest and principal.
That is 1.2% of all households, which - as it happens - is very much at the low end of where this measure of financial distress has been since 1991.
But UK households are still very indebted by all historical standards. The share of households with a mortgage debt-to-income ratio above 3 is still high by historical standards, at 5.8%, compared with less than 3% during most of the 1990's. But that proportion of fairly highly indebted households has come down from a peak of 7.64% in 2011.
So how can debt distress be relatively low? Well, it is because - as if you need telling - interest rates have been at record lows since March 2009.
One important question, therefore, is what would happen to the number of people in financial distress if interest rates were to rise?
Well, the Bank tries to answer this question for a two percentage-point rise in rates, combined with a 10% rise in income for all households or a 0% rise in income for all households.
By the way, there is no magic to the 2% assumption. Interest rates may rise by more than this or less than this over the next two to three years.
But given the sheer magnitude of debts bearing down on the UK economy, it is reasonable to assume that the Bank of England would not wish to raise interest rates by more than two percentage points over the coming few years, for fear of mullering us all.
So here is the thing.
Wage rises
If the income of households were to rise 10% before the rate rise, the proportion of those in distress would rise by 50%, from 1.2% of households to 1.8% of households.
And the actual number in this vulnerable category would rise from 360,000 households to approximately 500,000 (I know these numbers aren't consistent - but there is lots of rounding of numbers and percentages going on at the Bank).
Which is a big increase in financial pain. But even 1.8% of households classified as vulnerable would not be particularly high by recent standards.
That said, the proportion in this distressed group would increase to 2.4% of households, in the scenario of interest rates rising without a prior increase in incomes. And 2.4% would be a high proportion in distress by historical standards.
Now it is unlikely that the Bank would raise interest rates by 2% if incomes had not risen in general.
However, the most vulnerable households are those that are most pessimistic about their wage and salary prospects.
And if they happen to be in low or intermediate skilled employment, or part-time employment, they may be right to be pessimistic - since prospects for earnings growth in this part of the labour market are widely seen as depressed.
All of which suggests that interest rate rises, as and when they come, may not destroy the economic recovery, but they may wreck the lives of many families.
 

Reuters columnist Hugo DixonSave
Is the good life possible without economic growth?
Merely raising the question challenges the conventional contemporary wisdom that a society’s prime goal should be to boost its income continually. But it is one that the West, especially Western Europe, may have to confront. Europe is not just suffering the after-effects of a nasty cyclical downturn, it has probably entered an era of low growth.
The trend rate of GDP growth is likely to be lower than it was in the past. Part of the slowdown is due to the rapid ageing of the European population. Part may be due to increasing competition from developing countries: their growing prowess puts pressure on many Western businesses and workers. Part may also be down to environmental constraints: measures to slow down global warming, for example, are pushing up the cost of energy.
In countries where populations are ageing especially rapidly and entrepreneurialism is subdued – Italy is the prime example – the trend annual growth rate may now be practically zero. Even Britain, which is ageing less rapidly and enjoys a vibrant entrepreneurial culture, is probably looking at less than 2 percent.
It is easy to see how a low-growth economy could become a dystopia: high youth unemployment could lead to wasted generations; unsustainable government debt burdens could force further cuts in public services; sections of society could be trapped in poverty; politics could become increasingly embittered.
Is there a way of living with slower growth? The beginning of an answer is to recognise that the economy should serve society, rather than the other way around. What this means is that the economy’s social task is to provide the conditions in which people can lead good lives.
That raises the question: what is a good life? Here, it may be useful to go back to Aristotle, who thought a good life involved acting well in accordance with our nature. The Greek philosopher also thought that we have two natures – animal and human. One way of rephrasing Aristotle’s doctrine is to think of the good life as having two components: the life of the body, which we share with animals, and the life of the mind, which is distinctly human.
So a good life certainly requires a certain amount of physical stuff: most obviously food and shelter, but many other material things too, in particular health. Modern societies are paying increasing attention to doctors and fitness regimes. But we only have to look around and witness phenomena such as the obesity epidemic to realise that all is not well with the life of the body.
The life of the mind encompasses a broad array of human preoccupations: values, creativity, the appreciation of beauty, intellectual curiosity and the struggle to make sense of our lives. Consuming more stuff doesn’t necessarily help us do any of this. Indeed, studies by economists such as Richard Layard suggest that, beyond a certain point, additional income does nothing to promote happiness.
Economic growth in the West has been accompanied by growing loneliness and depression. This suggests that a materialistic-only philosophy is not in accord with human nature. In the relentless pursuit of growth, other precious things can get damaged. This includes our social environment – our communities and networks of friendship and family – as well as our physical environment.
One could imagine that the West’s rich societies ought to be able to create the conditions for a good life without much more growth. They would focus more on quality than quantity. They would still value economic dynamism, but not identify success primarily with making money. And they would take care of the social fabric.
But even with less growth-dependent values, there would still be vexed questions, such as how to deal with unemployment and public debt without GDP growth. One place to look for answers might be the Green movement, which has been advocating zero or negative growth for decades. But a recent volume of essays by Green House, the UK think-tank, does not provide compelling solutions.
For example, Green House advocates “sharing” work as a way of solving unemployment. The idea is that people who are overworked should cut their hours, making room for the unemployed to get jobs.
If only it were that simple. For a start, people working long hours may not want to work less. Even if they were forced to (and such compulsion would prima facie be contrary to the good life), that might not lead to more jobs for unemployed workers, many of whom lack the necessary skills. Rather than sharing work, the emphasis ought to be on training and education.
Meanwhile, the Green House solution to high public debt is to carry out an audit to determine whether it was incurred with the consent of the people and for their benefit. Debt that didn’t satisfy these criteria would be deemed “odious” and repudiated. Such proposals are echoed by left-wing populist parties such as Spain’s Podemos and Greece’s Syriza.
When a tyrant, such as Iraq’s Saddam Hussein, runs up debts, it is reasonable for his successors to repudiate them. But Western democracies are not remotely in this situation. Unilateral debt write-offs would cause economic mayhem and more unemployment. They are not the solution.
But even if the Green movement does not have the answers, one thing is clear: it won’t be possible to find them without a change of mindset that values the good life over economic growth for the sake of itself.
 

Verdi wants Amazon to pay its 9 000 staffTwo-thousand workers at four Amazon warehouses in Germany have gone on strike until Tuesday in a dispute over pay and working conditions, according to the union Ver.di.
The dispute centres on how Amazon classifies its warehouse staff.
Ver.di says: "Amazon pays wages which are lower than wages for staff in the retail or mail order trade in Germany".
Amazon classifies them as logistics workers and says that their wage is in the "upper end of the scale".
Staff at Amazon's plants at Leipzig, Bad Hersfeld, Graben and Rheinberg will be on strike until Tuesday.
Amazon said in a statement: "Ver.di is calling for wages on the basis of a retail tariff. But Amazon's fulfilment centres are not shops frequented by customers.
"Staff in our fulfilment centres work within the logistics sector, not retail."
Responding to Amazon's comments, a Ver.di spokesperson said: "The work at the fulfilment centre at Amazon is a classical part of the mail-order trade and therefore a classical part of the retail trade.
"Amazon's discourse about logistics is only to try to camouflage that Amazon is not willing to accept any collective bargaining agreement at all.
"Amazon wants to dictate unilaterally the working conditions, but the employees are not willing to accept that anymore."
Ver.di say wages are not comparable to other warehouse staff in the country.
Amazon employs more than 9,000 people in Germany. The German market is Amazon's second-biggest market behind the US.
Hundreds of Amazon staff walked out during the Christmas period in 2013.
More on This Story

criminal fraud  relating to thisBank of Scotland unfairly double billed customers says judge
By John Campbell BBC News NI Economics & Business Editor
A judge said the bank's behaviour was "unconscionable"
Bank of Scotland has been unfairly double billing customers who fell behind on their mortgages, a High Court judge in Belfast has ruled.
In a scathing verdict, Master Ellison said the bank's behaviour had been "unconscionable".
He said it had caused borrowers to be "plunged into depression".
The findings could have implications for thousands of Bank of Scotland mortgage holders across the United Kingdom.
The Housing Rights Service which took the case said if the bank's practice had gone unchallenged, many borrowers would have lost their homes.
The bank is a major mortgage lender in Northern Ireland under the Halifax brand, and is ultimately owned by the Lloyds Banking Group.
The case focused on the way it added arrears to the original mortgage borrowing.
That is a standard practice for tackling arrears and is known as capitalisation.
It has the effect of increasing borrowers' monthly repayments.
'Erroneous'
The judge ruled that once capitalisation had taken place, the mortgage should no longer be considered as in arrears.
However, the bank continued to treat such mortgages as in arrears and used that as the basis for bringing legal cases.
The judge said this meant borrowers had been held in fear and were being threatened with repossession on account of an "erroneous and fictional arrears balance".
He said the bank's actions had distorted perceptions of affordability for struggling borrowers.
That was because they faced increased monthly payments to reflect the capitalised arrears and a demand for the immediate payment of those arrears.
The judge said this also distorted the true position in both the minds of those approached for advice and the courts.
He said this meant that "many" court decisions concerning suspended repossession orders had been made on "erroneous assumptions".
'Uphill struggle'
Master Ellison said that as a result he was imposing a series of strict conditions on the bank if it tried to enforce any suspended repossession orders.
He said that if the bank failed to meet these conditions, it "may face an uphill struggle".
The judgement concerned three separate cases brought with the support of the Housing Rights Service (HRS).
One of the people who took a case, with the support of the HRS, was a bank worker.
The court heard that she fell behind on her mortgage because she had to leave her home for a period of time on police advice.
She was warned she was in danger from a criminal conspiracy. In addition, she suffered the death of her partner.
She has now returned to her home and has been making monthly payments above the contracted amount for well over a year.
Speaking after the judgement, Christopher McGrath, solicitor for the Housing Rights Service (HRS), said: "The court has stated that the handling of accounts by Bank of Scotland in these instances, created 'a mist of incomprehension, confusion and self -contradiction'.
"It is our view that this practice unfettered would undoubtedly have resulted in many borrowers unnecessarily losing their home."
The High Court case was taken by the HRS with the help of funding from the Public Interest Litigation Support Project (PILS).
A Lloyds Banking Group spokesperson said the bank was considering the judgement and will "respond accordingly" when it has fully reviewed the findings.
The spokesperson added that the bank encourages customers to contact them at the earliest opportunity if they believe that they will be unable to make their monthly mortgage payment.
Share this page

Metal Stocks Down on Weak China DataYou are here: Home Market
Metal Stocks Down on Weak China Data
Reuters | Updated On: December 08, 2014 14:23 (IST)
Sensex Slumps 2%; Weakening Rupee Challenges Rate Cut Hopes
Shares in Indian metal and mining companies fell on Monday after weak Chinese trade data.
China's exports rose 4.7 per cent in November, well below expectations and adding to concerns that it could be facing a sharper slowdown.
Hindalco Industries fell 2.6 per cent, Tata Steel was down 1.8 per cent and Jindal Steel and Power was down 2.9 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Oil Drops to 5-Year Low on Oversupply ForecastsUp to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New York: World oil prices slid another 4 per cent to new five-year lows on Monday, as expectations of a deeper slump next year and a prediction by a core Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) member that crude will remain at $65 for several months triggered another round of selling.
The chief executive of Kuwait's national oil company said oil prices were likely to remain around $65 a barrel for the next six to seven months, the latest indication that Gulf producers were content to ride out the latest rout.
The pessimistic outlook deepened the decline in a market that many traders now see as having little chance of rebounding.
"When these things go lower, they tend to go much farther than people anticipated," said Tariq Zahir at Tyche Capital. "I definitely think we're going to keep heading lower, everyone is trying to pick a bottom."
Brent for January fell by $2.95 to $66.09 a barrel by 1749 GMT (11:19 p.m. in India ), its lowest since October 2009.
US crude was down $2.66 at $63.18 a barrel, its lowest since July 2009.
Late on Friday, Morgan Stanley set a new bar for bearishness on Wall Street, slashing its average 2015 Brent base-case outlook by $28 to $70 per barrel and warning that prices could drop as low as $43 a barrel next year.
"Without OPEC intervention, markets risk becoming unbalanced, with peak oversupply likely in the second quarter of 2015," Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Longson said.
Thus far, there appears little sign of intervention, even after oil prices dropped 15 percent, or nearly $12 a barrel, since the OPEC opted not to cut production at its November 27 meeting.
Top exporter Saudi Arabia has resisted calls from poorer members to curb output and shore up prices which have slumped more than 40 per cent since June.
Libya's state oil company said on Sunday the country was producing 800,000 barrels a day, though its El Sharara oilfield was closed due to a pipeline blockade.
It is unclear how soon the price slump will slow the US shale boom. While the number of onshore rigs drilling for crude oil remains relatively high, companies are making deeper cuts to spending for next year. On Monday, Conoco said it would slash spending by 20 per cent, or $3 billion, the biggest reduction thus far announced by US drillers.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 MonthsYou are here: Home Corporates
SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 07, 2014 18:26 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: State Bank of India has said the final decision on the controversial $1 billion (Rs 6,200 crore at 1 dollar = 62 rupees) loan agreement with Adani Group for its Australian mining project would be taken by the lender's executive committee in 2-3 months.
SBI had last month signed a pact with Adani Group on the sidelines of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Australia.
"The executive committee after due deliberations will decide about the disbursement to Adani," SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya told PTI.
"At present, all the aspects are being studied. Appraisal is being done. It will take about two-three months to study the project and thereafter taken to the committee for final approval," she added.
Loans of over Rs 400 crore are generally cleared by the executive committee headed by the chairperson. The other members of the executive committee include two executive directors (of the four managing directors on board) and non-executive director/directors who are present in the city where the meeting is held.
Besides, RBI nominee director Urjit R Patel (RBI Deputy Governor) is a part of the executive committee.
Adani Mining is building a 300 km rail line for its about $16-billion Carmichael coal mine project in Australia.
The development of the coal mine located at Queensland in Australia and required infrastructure including railways would cost $7.6 billion.
Queensland state's Coordinator General has approved a $2-billion (2.2 billion Australian dollars) rail line project called the North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) that would link Adani's Carmichael Coal Mine with Abbot point coal terminal.
Opposition party Congress had raised concerns over SBI's $1 billion loan pact with Adani Group signed during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Australia.
Ms Bhattacharya had clarified the bank had just signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU).
"This is not a loan sanction that we have given. It will go through proper due diligence both on the credit side as well as on the viability side... The board will take a call and then only loan will be given," she had said.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 17:29 (IST)

MF assets drop by Rs 5 344 cr to Rs 10.9 lakh cr in NovDec 08, 2014, 05.15 PM IST  | Source: PTI
MF assets drop by Rs 5,344 cr to Rs 10.9 lakh cr in Nov
Industry experts said the monthly decline in AUM is largely on account of withdrawal from money market or liquid segment.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MF assets drop by Rs 5,344 cr to Rs 10.9 lakh cr in Nov
Industry experts said the monthly decline in AUM is largely on account of withdrawal from money market or liquid segment.
Post your opinion here
 
The asset base of mutual fund industry dropped by Rs 5,344 crore to Rs 10.90 lakh crore in November mainly on account of outflow from 'money market' segment.
The country's 45 fund houses together had an average AUM of Rs 10,90,309 crore at the end of November 30, 2014, down from Rs 10,95,653 crore in the preceding month, according to the data by Association of mutual funds in India (AMFI).
The AUM data for individual fund house is not being disclosed. Industry experts said the monthly decline in AUM is largely on account of withdrawal from money market or liquid segment.
Liquid or money market (debt-oriented mutual fund schemes) segment witnessed an outflow of Rs 52,460 crore during the month. Overall, mutual funds (MF) saw a net pullout of Rs 25,628 crore. The assets managed by mutual funds had crossed Rs 10 lakh crore-mark for the first time in May on the back of a sustained rally in markets after the formation of a new government at the Centre.
Q

Monday morning delays on Metros Orange LineMetro said normal service has resumed on the Red Line.
Updated at 9 a.m.
Uh-oh. Now Metro said there are residual delays in the direction of Glenmont after an earlier train malfunction at the Shady  Grove stop.
Updated at 8:49 a.m.
It’s baaaccckkk. Metro said normal service has resumed on the Red Line after earlier troubles at the Takoma station.
Updated at 8:22 a.m.
Riders on Metro’s Red Line should expect delays Monday morning.
The problem is a disabled train outside of the Takoma station. The delays are in the direction of Shady Grove.
Updated at 7:30 a.m.
Normal service is back on the Orange Line, according to Metro officials.
Original post at 7:21 a.m.
Riders on Metro’s Orange Line should expect residual delays Monday morning, the transit agency said.
The problem is because of an earlier train malfunction at the Potomac Avenue stop.
It is not immediately clear how long the delays would last.
Dana Hedgpeth is a Post reporter, working the early morning, reporting on traffic, crime and other local issues.

Ban Ki-moon to attend Vibrant Gujarat Summit-2015Ban Ki-moon to attend Vibrant Gujarat Summit-2015
Testing tools firm Cigniti to add 500 peopleTesting tools firm Cigniti to add 500 people
K V Kurmanath
Hyderabad, Dec. 8:  
Cigniti Technologies, has opened its second global test engineering centre in Hyderabad that can seat 500 people.
The 50,000-sq ft facility will help us provide space to attend to testing needs of corporates and independent software vendors, C V Subramanyam, chairman and Managing Director, has said.
The firm currently has 1,400 employees in India, Dallas, London and Sydney.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Delhi government bans Uber  blacklists companyDelhi government bans Uber, blacklists company
IANS | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 02:32 PM IST
The Delhi government on Monday banned "all activities" of Uber after a young female passenger was allegedly raped by one if its drivers.
An official statement said the Delhi government's transport department has blacklisted the company.  
Yesterday, the police had said they will take legal action against the US online taxi service for failing to run background checks on the cab driver.
Though the San Francisco-based radio taxi firm claims that it carries out a thorough background check on all its drivers, the police claim that the accused driver did not even have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority and was connected with the service provider only with a smartphone application, which he exited soon after the incident.
ALSO READ:  Uber's ride gets rockier in India
Uber has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States too, and has apologised for comments by an executive who suggested "digging up dirt" on journalists investigating the firm.
The police on Sunday arrested the cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav from Mathura in Uttar Pradesh. He will be brought before a New Delhi court today, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner with the Delhi Police had said yesterday.
Yadav has allegedly told the police that he spent  seven months in jail in a rape case which was filed against him in south Delhi's Mehrauli area in 2011.
Meanwhile, some people questioned the ban imposed by the Delhi government.
 

We re-do all clinical studies  says GVK BioWe re-do all clinical studies, says GVK Bio
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Dec 09, 2014 12:45 AM IST
Hyderabad-based contract research organisation GVK Biosciences on Monday said the company was ready to re-do all the clinical studies of drugs over which the European Medicines Agency (EMA) raised an alarm, citing the findings of the French drug regulatory agency, ANSM (Agence Française de Sécurité Sanitaire des Produits de Santé).
It may be recalled that four European countries, including France, had suspended the marketing authorisation of about 25 generic drugs which were approved based on the bio-equivalence studies conducted at GVK Bio’s facility here.
Though the findings of the ANSM inspectors were related to the alleged manipulation of certain portion of ECG reports of the volunteers at the check-out stage and it had got nothing to do with the core clinical research process, GVK Bio is willing to take the entire burden of re-doing the tests for the sake of the clients.
The company had taken a Rs 60-crore hit as new orders from the clients were stopped from August when the ANSM reported its findings on the company's Hyderabad site and on an average each clinical study of the 100-odd drugs handled by them would cost around Rs 30 lakh each, according to Manni Kantipudi.
He said they would re-do the studies in their Ahmedabad facility depending on the willingness of the clients and also planning to engage other agencies owing to the large amount of work. The clinical research contributes just about 10-12 per cent of their total revenues, according to him.
"However, it is a body blow we have taken. It's difficult get back into normal position," Manni Kantipudi said while assuring the full cooperation with European regulatory agencies in clearing the apprehensions over the clinical research of various undertaken by GVK Bio.
He asserted that the company had not resorted any kind of manipulation with the data or the reports.

Plastics processing industry to reach Rs 1.37 lakh cr by FY18Plastics processing industry to reach Rs 1.37 lakh cr by FY18
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 04:20 PM IST
The Indian plastics processing industry is expected to grow by more than 50 per cent to reach Rs 1,37,000 crore by 2017-18 on account of higher penetration of plastics in various sectors, says a paper.
At the end of 2013-14, plastics processing industry was around Rs 90,000 crore in size, according to the paper released today by Minister of State for Chemicals and Fertilizers Hansraj Gangaram Ahir.
"There is need to give more focus on research and development activities in the plastics processing industry at the same time keeping in mind the efficient plastic waste management," Ahir said.
He was speaking at the National conference of Plastics Processing Industry, organised by industry body Ficci in association with Organisation of Plastics Processors of India (OPPI).
The minister released a knowledge and strategy paper on Indian Plastic Processing Industry prepared by Ficci and Tata Strategic Management Group.
"...In value terms, it (plastic processing industry) has grown from Rs 35,000 crore in FY 2005 to Rs 90,000 crore in FY 2014 and is expected to reach Rs 1,37,000 crore by FY 2018," the paper added.
The increased growth in end use industries, higher penetration of plastics in various existing applications and ever growing range of new applications could further propel the growth of plastics in India.
Chemicals Secretary Surjit Chaudhary emphasised on the need for waste management and ensuring sustainable growth of the plastics industry through the use of technologies.

Govt to construct 1 000 km expressways under NHDP-VIGovt to construct 1,000 km expressways under NHDP-VI
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 03:45 PM IST
The government plans to construct 1,000 km expressways under the National Highway Development Project (NHDP) including the Delhi-Jaipur Expressway, Parliament was informed today.
"These (proposed) expressways including Delhi-Jaipur Expressway are at feasibility stage. Delhi-Jaipur Expressway is not found viable on BOT (Build, Own, Operate) Toll mode and different financing options are being worked out," Minister of State for Road Transport and Highways Pon Radhakrishnan said in written reply in the Rajya Sabha.
The minister said in some highway projects, there are local problems in availability of land. The issue is being addressed with the support of respective state governments.
Replying to another question, the minister said that some national highway projects including Bihar are not completed within the scheduled time mainly due to land acquisition, poor performance of contractors, want of environment and forest clearance etc.
"The government is making all attempts to fast track the projects facing delays," he said.
The government has launched major initiatives to upgrade and strengthen 54,478 km of national highways through various phases of the National Highway Development Project, the minister said.

Not joined BJP  nor received any invite: AmarSinghBy: Press Trust of India | Jaipur |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:06 pm
Former Rajya Sabha MP Amar Singh, who had recently met BJP leaders and praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on Monday sought to dismiss speculations that he has joined BJP or received an invite in this regard.
“I have not taken BJP membership, neither received any invite to join it nor waiting for it,” Singh, who is on a personal visit to Jaipur, told reporters at Pink City Press Club in Jaipur.
He said he is not affiliated to any party and would not hold any (political) post or portfolio for next 10 years. “I am living free. It would be foolish to aim and anticipate any post,” he added.
Singh said he found no shortcomings in Modi-led BJP government and its functioning until now.
“Inflation has been contained ever since Modi government came to power, prices of fuel and other goods have been reduced, Clean India campaign, high polling percentage in Jammu and Kashmir Assembly polls, Modi’s speech over black money in Australia…it all shows the country is witnessing a big change,” Singh said.
Denouncing Congress’s allegations against Modi government over black money issue, Singh said, “Opposition members are crying foul and making allegations pertaining BJP’s promises to bring back black money to the country.
Criticism for the sake of criticism is not good.”

Express LOL: Seven people who will definitely NOT be TIME Person of theYearBy: Express LOL |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:06 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 6:19 pm
The poll is on, and the results are almost here – NaMo is leading the race to win the TIME Person of the Year, and everyone is talking about it. What everyone isn’t talking about is who will definitely NOT win the award.
 

Dolly Kiski : Sonam Kapoor awaits her groom in Dolly Ki DoliposterWritten by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:03 pm
So we have a bride named Dolly and three prospective grooms – Sonu Sehrawat, Robin Singh and Manoj Singh Chadda, but the million dollar question is ‘Dolly Kiski?’
While we wait for January 23 to finally get the answer, we have the second look of the movie ‘Dolly Ki Doli’ starring Sonam Kapoor (as Dolly), Rajkummar Rao (Sonu), Pulkit Sharma (Robin) and Varun Sharma (Manoj).
Arbaaz Khan, the producer of this rom-com and Sonam took to Twitter to share the poster.
The first look of the movie was out a few days back, in which Sonam was seen as a punk bride, waiting for her groom. In tune with that, the second poster shows Sonam holding three glasses of milk for the three ‘Dolly Ke Deewaane’.

McCartney glad he repaired his friendship with JohnLennonBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:02 pm
Paul McCartney is thankful that he had time to repair his friendship with Beatles bandmade John Lennon before his death.
The bandmates had a fallout following a bitter fight but Lennon, who was shot to death at the age of 40 on December 8, 1980, and McCartney reconnected later, the singer said on the Saturday episode of The Jonathan Ross Show.
“The story about the break-up, it’s true but it’s not the main bit, the main bit was the affection,” McCartney, 72, recalled ahead of Lennon’s death anniversary today.
“I’m so glad because it would have been the worst thing in the world to have this great relationship that then soured and he gets killed, so there was some solace in the fact that we got back together. We were good friends,” McCartney shared.
Recalling the moment when McCartney heard the news of Lennon’s death, the singer said it was difficult to accept. “I just for days couldn’t think that he was gone. It was just a huge shock. I was at home and I got a phone call. It was early in the morning… It was just so horrific, you couldn’t take it in and I couldn’t take it in. For me, it was just so sad that I wasn’t going to see him again and we weren’t going to hang.”
Mark David Chapman, who shot Lennon outside his building in New York, remains in jail after pleading guilty to second degree murder in 1981.
“The phrase kept coming in my head ‘The jerk of all jerks’. It was just like, ‘This is just a jerk. This is not even a guy politically motivated, it’s just some total random thing’, ” McCartney said.

Delhi rape: Uber cab driver remanded to three days of policecustodyBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:55 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 7:41 pm
A driver , working for US-based cab service provider Uber , was remanded in police custody for three days by a Delhi court for allegedly raping a 27-year-old woman executive on Friday night.
Metropolitan Magistrate Ambika Singh sent 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav in police custody till December 11 after the police said he was required to be interrogated for recovery of a mobile phone used by him.
Yadav refused to undergo Test Identification Parade (TIP), a process under the criminal law through which a victim identifies an accused.
Yadav, who was arrested from Mathura in Uttar Pradesh yesterday by a joint team of Delhi and Uttar Pradesh Police,
was produced before the jampacked court with his face muffled amid tight security.
During the hearing, the police sought his custodial interrogation contending that he was required to be questioned to unearth the entire chain of events which led to the incident. The mobile phone, which he was using, also had to be recovered at his instance, it said.
The police said that Yadav was a repeat offender and had spent seven months in jail in an another rape case which was filed against him in south Delhi’s Mehrauli area in 2011.
It said that the accused has claimed that he was later on acquitted in the rape case. He was brought to Delhi last night after being arrested from Mathura, about 160 kms from the national capital.
Yadav allegedly raped the woman at around 9:30 PM on Friday when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was heading back home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
As a massive search operation involving 12 Delhi police teams was on in Mathura and other parts of Uttar Pradesh to nab the accused, Delhi Police had also announced a cash reward of Rs one lakh for his arrest.
The Delhi government today banned all operations by private cab service provider Uber with immediate effect and blacklisted it from providing any transport service in the city in the wake of the alleged rape incident.
The Centre is also contemplating to ban the cab services of Uber across India.
The Home Ministry is planning to ask all state governments and administration of nine union territories, where Uber runs its cab services, to put a ban on it, official sources said today.
Uber cab services are available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Jaipur, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Kolkata and Pune.

India tour of Australia: Watch top five Indian performances inAustraliaBy: Express News Service |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:55 pm
As India and Australia are all set for the first Test in Adelaide starting Tuesday, we look at the top five performances by Indians Down Under. 
1. Sachin Tendulkar (241*, Sydney 2003-04)
2. Rahul Dravid (233 Adelaide 2003-04)
3. Virat Kohli (116, Adelaide 2012-13)
4. Ajit Agarkar (6/64 Adelaide 2003-04)
5. Ishant Sharma (Spell against Ponting, Perth 2008)

Infosys can return 5% in 3-4 days  say experts | Jet Air surges 10%You are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Block deal pressure good opportunity to buy Infosys
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 05.55PM IST
Tags:
Barclays
(Infosys was witnessing…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys saw intense selling pressure through the day, following a huge block deal on the counter. Four founder members of the company have sold 25 per cent stake of their holding to raise $1.1 billion.
They sold 3.23 crore shares at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 per share in 16 block deals through Deutsche Bank . The block deal was at 4 per cent discount to Friday's closing price.
The stock has been recently down on profit booking as investors booked profits after the stock started trading ex-bonus on the exchanges.
The stock closed the session on Monday at Rs 1,968.60; down 4.88%, at Rs 101.10.
However, the sharp correction in the stock should be utilized by investors to buy the stock. According to dealers, the stock may see an upmove of over Rs 100 in the next 3-4 days.
This means that the stock can return over 5% in 3-4 days, as the experts say, if we calculate from today's intraday low of 1,967.55.
The overhang of the block deal is expected to be short-lived.
"There is still a pent-up demand for this erstwhile bellwether for the IT sector. As we have said earlier, a lot of new long only money that is going to come into India will definitely find way into names like Infosys and SBI," said Vineet Bhatnagar, MD, PhillipCapital to ET Now.
"From that point of view, if you like a three-year view, then you must be looking at Infosys. Sikka seems to be making good amount of news as well as work. So I would imagine that there is interest in the stock with the three-year view," Bhatnagar added.
The company recently held analysts' meet and most analysts remain bullish on the company's growth prospects after Vishal Sikka took over as the CEO and MD. Dr Sikka reiterated that Infosys continues to be on track to return to industry levels of growth by June 2016.
Analysts at Barclays Research are of the view that the management's top down strategy at the meet suggested the revival will be driven by higher revenue productivity led by adoption of AI and automation and investments in sales force leading to better account mining and large deal wins.
"While contribution of new services to the top-line will likely be minimal, pursuing these initiatives has helped the company to establish a strategic dialogue with its clients. We maintain our OW rating and adjust our target price to Rs 2,500, to account for the 1:1 bonus issue," the report added. Analysts are bullish on the company's growth outlook as the management reiterated its focus on renewing the existing business, while focusing on new business simultaneously.
"We expect the company to report an EPS of Rs 107.9 and Rs 123.2 in FY15e and FY16e, respectively. We also introduce our FY17e EPS estimate of INR140.1, implying a three-year EPS CAGR of 14.6%. The stock is currently quoting at FY16e and FY17e PER of 17.1x and 15.0x, respectively. We reiterate Buy rating on the company with a target price of INR 2,382, based on 17x FY17e EPS," said an Antique Stock Broking report. CLSA has a 'Buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2500.
"We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital. Infosys is clearly exploiting its latent strengths in training and talent to catapult it back to industry leadership," said a CLSA report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Advocates abstain from attending courtsUpdated: December 8, 2014 18:20 IST
Advocates abstain from attending courts
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu
Members of the Bar Associations in Ballari and Koppal districts on Monday abstained from attending the courts in their respective taluks to oppose the demand from a section to tag the two districts to Karnataka High Court Bench in Kalaburagi.
They demanded that the two districts should be continued under the jurisdiction of the Dharwad Bench of the Karantaka High Court.
In Ballari, Patel Siddareddy, President of the Ballari Bar Association, along with several senior advocates, including Uded Basavaraj, K. Janardhan, D. Ramakrishna among others, submitted a memorandum addressed to the Chief Justice of Karnataka D.H. Waghela, through Mr. C.V. Margoor, Principal District and Session Judge Ballari, requesting him not to effect any changes in the present system and continue to retain Ballari and Koppal districts under the jurisdiction of Dharwad.
The contention of the advocates in these two districts has been that changing the jurisdiction would cause a lot of inconvenience to the litigant public and also to advocates in attending the courts, especially in the absence of proper rail and road connectivity to Kalaburagi.
“It is over six years now that these districts were brought under the jurisdiction of Dharwad bench of the High Court and people have adjusted to it. Altering the jurisdiction of the two districts to be tagged to Kalaburagi, which is not only far and without proper rail and road connections, it is nothing short of meting out great injustice to the litigant public”, Mr. Siddareddy told The Hindu.
He also informed that the advocates from both the districts would be going in a delegation shortly and submit a memorandum to the judge in the Dharwad bench of the High court and also meet the Chief Minister and Law Minister, during the winter session of the Legislature to be held at Belagavi and urge them not to effect any changes to the present jurisdiction of the two benches of the High Court.
According to reports reaching here, the members of Bar Associations in Sandur, Sirguppa, Kudligi, Hadagali and Hagari Bommanahalli in Ballari district abstained from attending court work and submitted a memorandum pressing for continuing the district in the jurisdiction of Dharwad bench of the High Court.
Even in Koppal, the advocates abstained from attending the court and demanded status quo.

http://usat.ly/12hDJmvDenver start-up brews beer-making innovation
Sustainable Beverage Technologies' founder Patrick Tatera says his product could help breweries cut costs and save water.
Post to Facebook
Denver start-up brews beer-making innovation Sustainable Beverage Technologies' founder Patrick Tatera says his product could help breweries cut costs and save water. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CVxV2T
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Denver start-up brews beer-making innovation
Laura Baverman, Special for USA TODAY 12:17 p.m. EST December 7, 2014
Patrick Tatera, founder of Denver-based Sustainable Beverage Technologies, says his patented process for making beer in a liquid concentrate form could help breweries cut costs and save water.  Photo credit: Pat's Backcountry Beverages
(Photo: Handout)
241 CONNECT 69 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
As the craft brewing industry grows and competition increases, a Denver start-up is betting brewers will want technology that cuts costs and makes their operations more efficient.
Early in 2015, Sustainable Beverage Technologies will introduce BrewVo, a patented process for brewing beer into a liquid concentrate and then mixing it with water using the same dispensing equipment that restaurants use for soft drinks. The process eliminates the need for 15.5-gallon beer kegs and the water used to clean and sanitize them. Potential customers could include breweries, bars and restaurants.
Founder Patrick Tatera says investors are backing the business and he's got partnerships in place with brewers, both "flagship" and craft, that he says have asked not to be named for now. Tatera's technology is considered risky and radical for the brewing industry. Those who have pursued similar innovations before him have seen a backlash from regulators, health experts and the spirits industry.
Take Palcohol, a proposed powdered alcohol product that would be sold to consumers in packets and mixed with water or food. The Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) initially approved Palcohol's labels in April, but a day later, it said it had acted erroneously. Palcohol's owner surrendered its certificates of approval. Since then, legislators have called on the Food and Drug Administration to ban the product. Complaints were that it's too easy to snort and smuggle into places where alcohol isn't permitted, and that initial marketing on its website encouraged such practices.
And in 1990, after pressure from Anheuser-Busch, Coors admitted to shipping liquid beer concentrate to mix with local water rather than the Rocky Mountain spring water promoted in its advertising campaigns.
Paul Gatza, director of the Brewers Association, expects brewers to be slow in adopting the technology. For one, it requires they become licensed as distilleries in order to produce beer with the high proof of a concentrate. And they'd have to decide whether pouches, over kegs, fit with their brand image, in light of the experiences of Palcohol and Coors.
"I would think an existing brewery would tread very slowly and carefully with something like this," Gatza says.
But Tatera has some compelling reasons why concentrate is here to stay. Margins in the beer industry are tight and getting tighter as consumers demand new ingredients and varieties. Reducing waste and recycling are already key ways of lowering costs at breweries, Tatera says. And brewers could face additional pressures from major constraints on water and energy usage predicted in the future.
Some brewers are shipping beer in disposable kegs to save on fuel costs, and many are reusing water, says Gatza. Wholesalers have sophisticated ways of tracking stock, so little beer reaches expiration.
Though craft beer is still a small portion of the beer industry, sales grew 17.2% in 2013. There's pressure on restaurants and bars to add more taps for all those new beers, which traditionally require space for kegs. Tatera's solution is bags of concentrate packaged in small boxes that connect to a bar's soda-dispensing system and beer taps. No kegs necessary.
Tatera expects innovation to accelerate as the craft beer industry grows. Gatza affirms that — the number of Brewers Association members that sell some product or technology to breweries has more than tripled in four years to 921.
Tatera says he has the necessary approvals to develop the liquid concentrate product for other companies to market and experience selling a similar product to consumers. His initial company, Pat's Backcountry Beverages sells small packets of beer concentrate for campers and hikers to mix with water on trips.
But breweries, bars and restaurants are a much bigger opportunity, he says. His process preserves the integrity of a brewery's proprietary recipe, while using 60% less water and 40% less energy than traditional brewing. Tatera says his process takes more time, but it produces three times as much beer. And concentrates can sit on shelves longer because they have higher alcohol content.
The future of concentrate beer could include packets instead of cans and bottles on store shelves, too. But first, Tatera will have to change the perceptions of many.
"It's such a mind shift," he concedes. "Some of the craft brewers are resentful of us and look at us as flying in the face of tradition."
As for the bigger, more established brands?
"They've seen enough tech innovation come along that they say, 'OK. This is the next wave,' " Tatera says. "We can get hit by the wave or be riding it."
Baverman can be reached via e-mail at lbaverman@gmail.com or Twitter @laurabaverman.
241 CONNECT 69 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CVxV2T
Looking for a Job?

http://bit.ly/1CVEnH2Tyler Wells Lynch
December 04, 2014
At the Consumer Electronics Show in January, many analysts and news outlets (included us) predicted that 2014 would be a breakout year for wearable tech.
In some ways, that prediction has come to pass. According to research firm Canalys, wearable band shipments (including smartwatches) soared by 684 percent in the first half of this year, compared to the same period in 2013. That growth is only expected to continue. IDC has predicted that global sales will reach 19 million units by the end of 2014, tripling last year’s figures.
This year we've also seen the unveiling of the Apple Watch , the announcement of Android Wear and its first six devices, the public release of Google Glass , and Facebook’s acquisition of Oculus VR . Wearables are now a rapidly diversifying market, with everyone from Casio to Samsung to Will.i.am jumping in feet first.
But despite runaway growth, there's an argument to be made that the wearables industry is treading water, lacking in innovation and almost exclusively devoted to a single, narrow-minded design paradigm. While wearable shipments have been skyrocketing, most of the volume is attributable to simple fitness bands like the Fitbit and Jawbone Up. And even then, figures pale in comparison to other tech categories.
Global wearable shipments are expected to reach 112 million units by 2018, but that's a drop in the bucket compared to the billion or so smartphones sold last year, or the nearly 2 billion expected to ship in 2018. Even tablets enjoy far higher sales figures. According to Gartner, they are already more than double (229 million) what IDC predicts wearables will be at in four years.
But hidden beneath the underwhelming sales figures and uninspiring gizmos is a sleeping giant. Wearable technology isn't a transient fitness fad for quinoa-eating yuppies, and it's not just a market for step-counters, pulse monitors, or a more convenient way to get smartphone notifications. It’s a stepping stone toward an explicitly utopian (and potentially Orwellian) ideal: the quantified self .
Behind the scenes, in labs and research facilities around the world, our brightest minds are building wearable devices that could revolutionize the way we approach our health and wellbeing.
The question is: How do we get there from here? How do we transition from the clunky, marginally useful smartwatches and fitness bands of today to the invisible yet omnipresent sensory network of tomorrow?
The Curse of Fashion
For many potential buyers, the look of today's wearables makes them a non-starter. The usual tech-obsessed early adopters may be gobbling them up, but regular folks just aren’t sure they want to be seen wearing a smartwatch or AR glasses.
Need an example? Just look at highly visible devices like Google Glass and Bluetooth headsets. Wearers of the former have already earned the unfortunate nickname “ glassholes ," and Bluetooth headsets, which have been around for nearly 15 years, still evoke a certain " douchiness ."
Samsung has dressed up its Galaxy Gear watches with Swarovski crystals, but they can't hide the underwhelming design. [Credit: Samsung via Flickr]
"The wearables market is in its Stone Age right now,” said CCS director of forecasting Marina Koytcheva, in a statement last summer. “There need to be huge improvements to broaden their appeal. Wearables need to quickly move on from black, clunky devices.”
It's easy to see why inconspicuous activity trackers comprise the bulk of the wearables market. Customers and reviewers alike have dismissed today's smartwatches as "horribly ugly, boxy contraptions with boring, rubbery straps," with the possible exception of the Motorola Moto 360 and LG G Watch R . Then there's Google Glass. Though clearly ripe with potential, its aesthetics are questionable at best. And its chances at market success? Well, I’ll let Google fill in the blanks:
HP seems to have gotten the hint: It has teamed up with fashion designer Michael Bastian to create a watch humans would actually want to be seen wearing. But the company doesn’t have a great track record on this front, and poor distribution and high pricing mean few will wear it.
Then there’s the Apple Watch —a highly anticipated release that failed to generate any appreciable excitement when its awkward design was finally unveiled.
You may disagree with the particulars of these opinions, but the fact remains that poor design is a huge obstacle to mass adoption. A survey conducted last year by Modis found that only 34 percent of Americans who make more than $100,000 a year would consider buying or wearing a smartwatch or smart glasses. The figure rose to 47% when including consumers with an income of $35,000 or more, suggesting that price is far less of a factor than aesthetics.
Consumer Interest in Wearable Tech View Larger
According to a separate study recently conducted by PwC, only 42 percent of U.S. consumers say they would actually pay for a smartwatch, and that figure drops to 38 percent for fitness bands.
But these numbers reflect the wearables market as it currently stands—a market filled with oversized watches, plasticky bands, and clumsy glasses. The real promise—the utility that will make wearables commonplace—is in what you can do with the data these devices provide.
The same PwC survey that found most Americans have little interest in wearables also found that all the information consumers most desperately want from wearables is health-related. Roughly three-quarters of respondents concurrently stated they want wearables to help them exercise, collect and track medical data, and help them eat better.
In other words, consumers are saying, "Forget syncing with my phone—I want something that will make me healthier."
Many experts believe the design flaws endemic to wearables today will get smoothed out over time. “Wearables are sort of a novelty right now,” says Rohan Puri, a biomedical engineer and researcher at MIT’s Media Lab. “It’s a big buzzword, up there with Big Data and the Cloud. But I think we’re going to find interesting ways to use these devices, and we’re going to become more and more okay with having devices strapped to us all the time.”
LG's G Watch R is a refreshing standout in a market of hideous smartwatches.
The Promise of Big Data
You've probably heard of "Big Data," but what exactly does it mean? It's a buzzword, and like so many Silicon Valley buzzwords it refers to a nebulous concept that can be confusing to outsiders. But at its core, Big Data simply refers to a vast, cloud-based repository of data on everything that happens in our lives—from location tracking information, to financial transactions, to biometrics and more.
If that sounds pretty creepy, well... it is. But it's also the fuel driving the Internet of Things —the growing web of machine-to-machine communication that will one day lead to mass automation. It's the foundation of information required to build an autonomous, "smart" system—be it a smart home or a smart energy grid.
Today's wearable tech has only a surface-level relationship with Big Data, but that may soon change. Within a few years, wearables could transition from novelty gadgets into essential medical commodities, eventually becoming the brain of the connected, quantified self.
The Scout allows you to "check your health as easily as your email."
One of the earliest entrants in this field is the Scanadu Scout —a portable health monitor and diagnostic tool that's set to launch sometime in 2015.
On its website , Scanadu boasts that the Scout allows you to “check your health as easily as your email." The wallet-sized gizmo can monitor your temperature, blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation, ECG (electrocardiography), heart rate variability, and even stress. The company is currently working on a similar device that will provide comprehensive urine analysis.
The implications are profound. As a standalone consumer gadget, the Scout and products like it offer limited functionality—essentially, they provide more personalized information for late-night WebMD sessions. But over time, these devices will compile data from a huge number of users and devices and upload it to the cloud. Like a Wikipedia for medicine, that information could eventually become the largest, most comprehensive sample set of medical data that’s ever been produced.
“We are going to amass a wealth of data on ourselves, on our family, on the weather, on everything around us,” says Walter De Brouwer, co-founder and CEO of Scanadu. He believes this data will help us move from what he calls "outcomes"—conclusions like "I am sick"—to complete diagnoses that actually explain what's making us sick, and what we can do to prevent such infections in the future.
"Perhaps our diabetes is in correlation with our biking speed," he suggests. "Perhaps our stress factor goes together with our credit score.”
"We are going to amass a wealth of data on ourselves, on our family, on the weather, on everything around us."
In some ways, today's diagnostic methods are hardly more advanced than they were 100 years ago . As MIT’s Puri points out, doctors often rely on extremely limited data to make important diagnoses. For example, they might conduct a single study for a suspected case of sleep apnea—a cumbersome process that  requires dozens of sensors and on-location sleep examinations—and then make assessments based on the information produced by just a couple dozen individuals.
“And then they’ll say, okay here’s your diagnosis,” Puri says. His team is trying to create a wearable that can diagnose sleep apnea faster and more accurately than existing methods, but getting such a device approved can be difficult. “If you want to create a device that will be cleared by the FDA, you’ll need to go through hundreds of clinical trials, and you’ll want each one of those patients to give you a few samples.”
Rohan Puri, a biomedical researcher at MIT, has also worked with a health tech workshop called ReDx to design the mECG—a wearable heart monitoring system with companion mobile app.
He envisions a future where patients will wear these devices on their own time, passively accumulating a treasure trove of data that doctors can use to not only create individual diagnoses for each wearer, but also to compare each individual's case against the greater pool of sleep apnea cases. “It will give us something much more statistically relevant,” he explains—something superior to a diagnosis based solely on qualitative observations or a doctor's personal experience.
In some ways, today's diagnostic methods are hardly more advanced than they were 100 years ago.
But it's not just fringe startups and MIT researchers who are innovating in wearable tech. Philips, perhaps best known in the U.S. for its light bulbs, is another early entrant in the field.
The Dutch multinational recently restructured, splitting off its lighting business and merging its healthcare and electronics divisions—a revealing move that signals the growing importance of healthcare in consumer tech. In October, it followed that up by unveiling a wearable digital biosensor designed to record the biometric data of patients suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), the third-leading cause of death in the U.S. The device is part of a larger family of biosensors designed for remote patient monitoring.
A still from a demo video indicating what the Philips COPD monitor app may look like.
According to Philips’ head of marketing Manu Varma, these types of devices allow patients to transition from a highly monitored, high-care hospital environment to the more comfortable environs of their own homes. As sensors and wearable devices become cheaper and more diverse, the wealth of data that hospitals are already accruing will be contextualized by more casual, consumer-derived health information.
“Depending on the population you’re looking at, all types of devices have a role in the future,” he says. “With wearable technologies we don’t see Big Data there yet. But I think it’s absolutely going to be a component in the future, because it’s rising exponentially.”
"By coordinating care through technology, you can reduce waste and cut healthcare costs."
Perhaps most importantly, this automation of medical diagnostics lessens the strain on both physicians and budgets. “By coordinating care through technology, you can reduce waste and cut healthcare costs," Varma said.
Still there's the problem of compatibility. Most of the data produced by these devices—including more well-known ventures like Apple Health and the recently announced Google Fit—are siloed in proprietary apps and programming interfaces. Some data makes its way to the cloud, but a lot is kept behind.
Microsoft wants to change all that. In October, the company launched its own heath service , simply called "Health." Unlike most other fitness platforms, Health—and its accompanying Band wearable—is entirely cloud-based and available on Android, Windows Phone, and iOS devices. It's designed to collect data from watches, fitness bands, phones, and any other motion sensor or accelerometer your device may employ.
By uniting this data, Microsoft believes it can become the primary repository for the world's health data, and in the process merge the disparate worlds of medical and consumer wearables.
Microsoft's Health Band works with iPhone, Android, and Windows Phone.
Wearables and the Home of the Future
On top of compatibility issues, fitness bands and activity trackers have another annoying issue: inconsistency.
There have been several different studies that have measured the uniformity of data across a variety of activity trackers, and each has revealed glaring inconsistencies. A question emerges: What’s the point of a fitness band if the information it records can’t be trusted?
What’s the point of a fitness band if the information it records can’t be trusted?
Jonathan Collins, a principal analyst at ABI Research, points out that, unlike medical-grade devices like the Scanadu Scout, fitness bands have virtually no technical guidelines or regulatory oversight to help ensure you'll get accurate results.
But Collins also argues that, at least in some cases, bad data can be better than no data at all. In short, he suggests that there's information now where there previously wasn't, and “the more people understand or care about that information, the more it can be used.” Over time, the metrics will improve and the data will begin to align from device to device.
While personal health is a major driver of wearable tech, it's not the only avenue for innovation. Much of the same data collected for medical purposes can be repurposed to make domestic or even municipal systems more efficient. Eventually, experts say, we'll see fitness bands, smart watches, and even AR glasses that sync with smart home systems, traffic grids, and other aspects of our urban infrastructure.
Activity trackers like the Jawbone UP saturate the market, but they're only the beginning.
“The thing that’s exciting is the interaction between these devices and other systems,” Collins says. “You’ll have the ability to connect popular wearables and activity devices to your home automation system.”
For instance, your wearable could detect when you roll out of bed in the middle of the night and automatically turn on the lights in the bathroom. It could monitor your alarm clock and, over time, learn when to signal your coffee-maker to begin brewing. Or it could notice you're falling asleep in front of the TV, bookmark the point in the program when you dozed off, and then turn the screen off to save power.
Puri notes that some of these capabilities are already emerging. He points to algorithmic personal assistants like Google Now, which is able to parse through all of your online data—including Gmail messages, Google search history, and Google Drive documents—to intelligently provide you with relevant contextual information on the fly.
Many expect the early adopters of medical-grade wearables won't be tech-savvy millennials or even Gen Xers, but rather aging Baby Boomers.
Future versions of this virtual personal assistant tech could, for example, note that you’re running and that that you have a meeting in five minutes. It could then autonomously text your colleagues to let them know you’ll be late. If, on the other hand, it notices you've been sitting around an awful lot, it could nag you to stand up and get some exercise.
“If you have a device which is on you 12, 15 hours a day, and the information it’s giving you includes everything from oxygen saturation to blood pressure, then you’ll have a lot more contextual information,” Puri says. “I think contextual awareness is the future of wearables on the consumer side.”
The Heart and Soul
What Puri describes is the premise of the Internet of Things writ large, but it’s made all the more personal and interactive by wearables. In the future, your wearable device may become the brain that informs your automated environment.
In the long run, the internet may be a mere footnote in the larger story of Big Data and the quantified self.
It’s a nifty concept, but the heart and soul of the technology still lies in healthcare and personal wellness. For that reason, many expect that the early adopters of medical-grade wearables won't be tech-savvy millennials or even Gen Xers, but rather aging Baby Boomers.
“For that population, being able to quantify how they’re doing could make a big difference in figuring out how much care they need, and enabling the right care at the right time,” says Philips' Varma.
Scanadu’s De Brouwer agrees, even going so far as to suggest that the internet may end up as a mere footnote in the larger story of Big Data, the quantified self, and the healthcare revolution these systems could foster.
“This will be [the Boomers’] last and biggest mission,” De Brouwer says. “Because everyone wants to talk about healthcare, and everyone wants to talk about their health. It’s a very passionate and romantic moment in the 21st century.”

http://bit.ly/15ZlnZLGreece in bailout extension talks
0:00
8:30
Embed Code
<div class="ab-player" data-boourl="http://audioboom.com/boos/2713846-greece-in-bailout-extension-talks/embed/v3?eid=AQAAAJTzkFT2aCkA" data-boowidth="100%" data-maxheight="150" data-iframestyle="background-color:transparent; display:block; min-width:300px; max-width:700px;" style="background-color:transparent;"><a href="https://audioboom.com/boos/2713846-greece-in-bailout-extension-talks">listen to &#x2018;Greece in bailout extension talks&#x2019; on audioBoom</a></div><script type="text/javascript">(function() { var po = document.createElement("script"); po.type = "text/javascript"; po.async = true; po.src = "https://d15mj6e6qmt1na.cloudfront.net/cdn/embed.js"; var s = document.getElementsByTagName("script")[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s); })();</script>
options
Europe's finance ministers meet to discuss the next batch of bailout money for Greece, and a possible extension for the country to comply with further financial reforms. Scientists in Nigeria and Switzerland develop a test for Ebola that delivers results in just half an hour. Taxi booking service Uber is banned in India's capital, Delhi. Japan's recession is confirmed as deeper than previously thought, and we hear how the future of job applications may have more in common with dating websites.

Rupee Ends Weaker at 61.83  Tracking Broad Dollar RallyYou are here: Home Market
Rupee Ends Weaker at 61.83, Tracking Broad Dollar Rally
Reuters | Updated On: December 08, 2014 18:18 (IST)
Sensex Slumps 2%; Weakening Rupee Challenges Rate Cut Hopes
The rupee weakened on Monday after a robust monthly US employment data sparked a global rally in the dollar and raised worries that any earlier-than-expected hike in US interest rates could dent foreign flows to emerging markets.
The partially convertible rupee closed weaker at 61.83/84 per dollar, down 0.1 percent from its Friday's close of 61.77/78.
Data on Friday showed US employers added the largest number of workers in nearly three years in November, a sign of economic strength that was seen as potentially pushing the Federal Reserve towards a rate hike in mid-2015.
Foreign investors have been key backers of the rally in domestic shares and bonds this year, making them critical for the outlook for domestic markets.
The rupee was also weighed down after shares posted their biggest falls in 7-1/2 weeks and after some founders of Infosys Ltd sold shares worth $1.1 billion in India's second-largest IT services exporter.
"The USD strengthening across the board weighed but there were good inflows to help limit rupee's fall. There was also some profit-taking seen in stocks after the Infosys share sale, which also hurt the rupee," said Hari Chandramgethen, head of forex trading at South Indian Bank.
Traders said the rupee would remain in a tight range ahead of retail inflation and industrial production data due on Friday evening.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 62.16, while the three-month was at 62.76.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Massive fire destroys Los Angeles apartment complexmassive fire destroys los angeles apartment complex
Stock futures fall after soft China  Japan dataWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Massive fire destroys Los Angeles apartment complexmassive fire destroys los angeles apartment complex
Rupee slips from 2-wk high; down 6 paise at 61.83 against USDRupee slips from 2-wk high; down 6 paise at 61.83 against USD
Infosys slumps after founders pare stakeInfosys slumps after founders pare stake
Musafir.Com to invest Rs 120 cr in India by 2018 for expansionMusafir.Com to invest Rs 120 cr in India by 2018 for expansion
Tnx sadan for correcting me.. its 136cr and now 56 cr and its around 1...Platinum Member
539 Followers
It was 340 cr as per fy14 annual report and they received order worthy 56cr few days book.. So It comes at 396cr..
In reply to : rohitjain0001 message
1.30 PM Dec 8th

Lord ganesh is in binayaka so no vignash for uptrend.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

40% of the equity is held by institutions. they didn`t sell when the s...New Member
0 Follower
I don`t think one should worry about the day to day price movement of this stock. The stock has deep value and will definitely unlock its value to its shareholders at some stage or the other.
In the meantime all one needs is patience and wait for its turn.
7.45 AM Dec 7th

I am very much convinced for granules.when i was buying this stock bel...2 Followers
Dear nwbhai,
I am sure that Granules will touch 900 Rs within 1 year from now and I bought 20 shares @ 770 Rs today; and even after brok and other charges one will easily get 15 % returns within 1 year and the FD rate is less than 10% ; that means you are getting 50% additional returns for sure if you have patience; I am with our NW bhai; bcoz not even a single call of niceworld has given less than 100% annualized returns for me in the past 1 year and he is the new equity guru in Hewlett Packard Bangalore office.
In reply to : niceworld message
5.14 PM Dec 8th

Why Gas Is Below $2 for First Time Since 2010It has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Canada Approves Burger King s Bid for Tim Hortonscanada approves burger king s bid for tim hortons
RadioShack to stop matching for 401(k) retirement plans: BloombergRadioShack to stop matching for 401(k) retirement plans: Bloomberg
RadioShack
Brendan McDermid
The ticker for RadioShack Corp. is seen at the post where it's traded just after the opening bell on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
The ticker for RadioShack Corp. is seen at the post where it's traded just after the opening bell on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. (Brendan McDermid)
Reuters
Retirement
Electronics retailer RadioShack Corp will stop matching employees' retirement-fund contributions and review health benefits to help cut costs, Bloomberg reported on Thursday, citing an internal memo.
RadioShack will discontinue matching for 401(k) and 1165(e) plans on Feb. 1, the memo from Chief Executive Officer Joe Magnacca said, according to Bloomberg .

Tech-industry leaders see 2015 big for health care  wearables  mobile0
Maclachlan: “I think we’ll see a gradual evolution … it’s going to come in these little waves, and I think we’ll just see continual improvements … I certainly think we’re going to make cars much safer and prevent accidents.”
Flavin: “The next generation of industry supply will be important to watch — we’ll need better, longer-lasting batteries to have driverless cars.”
Souder: The driverless car is a proxy for bigger ideas becoming a reality. “If we’re not able to think big as individuals and as companies, if we’re not able to think big and really say ‘what if?’ or ‘why not?’ then none of this stuff is going to happen, and it doesn’t matter if it’s wearables or 3D printing or self-driving cars or whatever — we’ve got to think bigger. We’ve got to take bigger risks. We’ve got to utilize the power of technology to change the world.”
Future of business
The next wave of entrepreneurs may have new technologies at their disposal, and collaboration will rule.
Yeary: If you have an idea or product, the ability to build and sell online opens opportunities.  “It’s great to see now that we’re not allowing regulation to keep us from innovating.”
Souder: In five years business will probably look a lot like it does today, but technology will improve how people interact with customers and each other.  “Being together in the office bouncing ideas off of each other … makes for a more robust business experience.”
Maclachlan: Businesses should focus on staying alive and competitive. Sometimes that means letting go and finding new, more efficient methods. “You have to give something up because we still only are given 24 hours a day, and we can’t keep taking on everything else in our lives and then come up with these great ideas.”
Flavin: “It’s the teenagers right now that … are going to spill into new technologies that change the world. They’re going to be the ones that say we can think big. They’re unencumbered by the past.
“I believe they will be fighters, they will be mavericks, they will be risk-takers, and they have new tools to use to rapidly transform the way that we look at products.”
Mobile
Carpenter shared an anecdote that many know all too well — that sick feeling when you realize you’ve left your cell phone at home.
Souder: The mobile device impacts most things we do, and future customers consume the majority of their media on a tablet or phone. “How many times do you go to a mobile website and you’re pinching and extending and eventually you just get frustrated? Every single business in this room needs to have a mobile experience that is useful and usable.”
Maclachlan: Transactions with customers better be on a phone or a tablet. “Quickly find that one thing to be obsessively focused on and then figure out why your time is not on that.”
Flavin: “It’s not just about buying. Mobile is also influencing the way that our next generation is deciding things.”

Amazon label underscores strength of online grocery shoppingAmazon label underscores strength of online grocery shopping
Amazon Fresh
Amazon workers deliver groceries from the Amazon Fresh service in New York.
Amazon workers deliver groceries from the Amazon Fresh service in New York. (Brendan McDermid/ Reuters)
By Martinne Geller, Reuters
Consumer Goods Industries
Amazon.com's launch of its own private label brand of consumer goods, starting with diapers and baby wipes, underscores the website's maturity as a grocery retailer and the migration of grocery shopping online.
And if successful, the line's sharp prices could pressure profit margins for other makers of consumer goods, such as Procter & Gamble and Kimberly-Clark.
0
Amazon this week announced the launch of Amazon Elements, a new line of premium, everyday products available to members of its loyalty program Prime, whose membership could exceed 40 million US households this year, according to Bernstein Research.
Elements will offer information — such as where and when items were made, why each ingredient was included and where the ingredients were sourced.
"The two things customers told us they want are premium products that meet their high standards and access to information," Sunny Jain, Amazon.com Consumables vice president said in a statement. "We're excited to offer Amazon Prime members added selection, beginning with diapers and baby wipes."
Most large grocers have their own private labels, so Amazon's move should not be a huge surprise, said Will Hayllar of OC&C Strategy Consultants. But it does underline Amazon's confidence in its push into consumer products.
"This is a sign of Amazon maturing as a retailer and certainly a sign that they're getting some critical scale in a couple of pockets of CPG (consumer packaged goods)," Hayllar said.
Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery program, is now in about 10 U.S. markets. That is less than it had originally planned last year, a source said at the time. It faces competition from established companies like FreshDirect and startups like Instacart.
E-commerce accounts for just 3.7 percent of sales for fast-moving consumer goods like packaged food, drinks and toiletries, but that amount is growing as retailers like Amazon and Ocado gain traction among weekly grocery shops.
The Amazon Elements line is priced in between branded players' premium and basic lines, and its success could pressure margins at suppliers, said Bernstein analysts.
"This would be a challenge for CPG companies, both in terms of the top-line and their own margins, requiring CPG to change the way they fundamentally operate to adapt to this more dynamic and potentially deflationary online pricing environment," Bernstein said in a note.
(Additional reporting by Deepa Seetharaman in San Francisco; editing by Susan Thomas)

An Equestrian Way to Mindfulnessreddit
In the last decade, things around us have evolved and changed, at an incredibly accelerated pace. The main contributor to this new world order is technology. Phones, computers, tablets, apps, contents are all tools that help us to quickly connect with people and customers, but at the same time, are generating a massive amount of data that, as leaders, we are asked to manage in real time 24/7.
How do we survive in a world that is always connected? A space where things around us move and change faster and faster? How do we manage the stress and keep focused under these circumstances? And even more important, how do we hold on to our humanity?
One important thing that we need to understand is whether technology really brings true connectivity, or is it, only a tool that allows us to quickly share, often disconnected and not well thought out information.  In fact, being linked through technology doesn't necessarily mean that we truly have an intimate relationship with something or somebody.
Relationship, is the key point in being able to get what I like to define as "true connectivity." This doesn't mean to just join with, or become joined with something else, but requires the establishment of a mindful communication.
In order to get a better and deeper understanding of the meaning of true connection, I'm going to give examples from my experience with horses and specifically in dressage training.
For those not familiar with dressage, it is an equestrian sport involving the execution of precision movements by a trained horse in response to barely perceptible signals from its rider.
Horse riding is not just the action of a man sitting on a horse. Whether you go out for a walk with a horse, or you jump or do dressage or other disciplines, as a rider you are required to always be active on the horse. Being active on a horse, means to always keep in communication with the animal through your body and mind.
The horse is always looking and expecting full guidance from the rider. In dressage, the way you tell your horse the speed, rhythm and movements you want, is by the coordinated use of sit, legs, arms, hands, core.
The use of our body though, is not enough to establish a proper and true communication. In order for this intellectual process and training to be effective, we also need to use our minds. This is the only way for the rider to gain the horse's trust, and the only way to establish a true partnership with the animal.
It is amazing to see that when a full body and soul relationship is established, the horse responds to our commands even before we physically ask. What I have experienced is that this happens even when you simply lunge the horse (the technique of moving the horse using an extended rope). You are positioned away from the horse and connected to him with just a lunge line, but if you are really present, in the moment, a strong mental conversation takes place. At times, the mental exchange of information is so deep, that what you think, is immediately grasped by the horse, who anticipates the movements even before you ask for them.
Whenever I ride adopting this body and soul approach, I forget about the rest of the things going on around me, and I experience a unique horse-rider performance and adventure. It is a mindful practice, in which the horse and I are in the present moment.
With an energetic communication, this human and horse relationship, becomes meaningful. The horse feels the security or insecurity of the rider, and based on that it decides if it can trust you or not. When trust is there, the horse recognizes and respects the leadership of the person sitting on the saddle. Then he fully relies on that human body for guidance. At this point the relationship becomes a beautiful co-creation.
This type of practice requires a lot of patience and a deep mental, almost meditative approach.
There are days when all these components are in place and the co-creation relationship becomes a natural dance. Other times when, for many different reasons things fall apart, even a walk exercise can become very hard.
Let's think about it for a moment. How many aspects and similarities of the horse -- human relationships can be applied to our daily job as leaders? Where and how does vulnerability show up? In spite of the trust, the self-confidence, the experience, and the strong relationship, the rider has always to be ready to manage a situation where the horse spooks at something out of fear. Now the secure leader has to deal with an unbalanced situation, try to control the panic, reestablish the horse's  confidence and bring the situation back to normal. At the same time, the rider has to work on himself, to make sure his own self-confidence in the relationship with this beautiful -- challenging animal is not lost.
For me horse riding and the relationship with these majestic animals, is what helps me to maintain balance  at work, and most important,  what keeps me connected to the most profound human values when I'm dealing with my team and the people around me.
Going back to connectivity through technology. In life as in business, I rarely see a true connection like the one I just shared. What we normally do is to quickly connect to the internet, and often read without reflecting on the meaning of what we are reading. We get to work and check hundreds emails a day, often without even having the time to analyze all the aspects of the content. We quickly reply because we are under pressure to reply fast to as many messages as we can. It seems like as if we are paid and rewarded based on the number of emails and phone calls we respond to, instead of on the value we generate through a meaningful understanding and management of all the shared information.
This way of managing our business and our lives generates chaos and mistakes, which in business translate to costs. It also drains energy out of our body and soul, undermines the quality of our execution as leaders, and prevents us from living a real life.
Follow Federico Foli on Twitter: www.twitter.com/fedefoli
More:

Soon users can choose power discom  says GoyalNEW DELHI, December 6, 2014
Updated: December 6, 2014 22:12 IST
Soon users can choose power discom, says Goyal
Yuthika Bhargava
Minister for Power, Coal and New & Renewable Energy Piyush Goyal. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
ministers (government)
The government will allow competition without raising tariff
With the government planning to bring in a series of amendments to the Electricity Act, 2003, consumers will soon get the choice of selecting their power supply company.
 Speaking at a CII event, Minister for Power, Coal and New & Renewable Energy Piyush Goyal said reforms were being planned for the distribution sector and provision allowing the end-user to choose its distribution company was in the works.
The government is working on provisions, whereby the entire discom set up would be unbundled. While there would be a government distributor of power to ensure that power was provided to the weaker section of the society, competition will be introduced and the private sector role in the sector would be expanded. The government would allow competition without raising tariff or compromising on better customer service, Mr. Goyal added.
 Asked about allowing end-users of electricity to select their power distribution firm, he said it would be d one gradually, adding that it was tried in Maharashtra but did not deliver the desired results due to some legal issues.
 There were some hurdles under the Electricity Act of 2003, he said when asked why the proposed model did not work in that state.
“We are trying to resolve those hurdles under the current amendment to the Electricity Act,” he added.
PTI reports:
To reduce discom losses
The move is aimed at reducing the losses of discoms as well as improving the overall electricity supply. According to the proposal, a new model where a power supplier will not manage the electricity distribution network, is being looked at.
It is on the lines of existing system in the United Kingdom, which has separate suppliers and electricity network providers.
At present here, power discoms supply as well as manage network that provides electricity for residential as well as commercial purposes. In a separate carriage and content model, the network would be owned by one company while the suppliers of electricity could be more than one.

Colleague or Criminal The Sneaky New Cyberthreat You Face at WorkIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

James Bond finally falls for a woman his own ageBy Philip Bump December 7 Follow @pbump
Italian actress Monica Bellucci (R), French actress Lea Seydoux (L) and British actor Daniel Graig (C) pose for photographers during a photocall to unveil the next James Bond Film, 'Spectre' at Pinewood Studios in Iver Heath, Britain. The movie will be released in Britain theaters October 2015. (EPA/FACUNDO ARRIZABALAGA)
There is another James Bond movie in the works, the 24th in the series of gun-slingin', sex-havin', Russia-or-whoever-it-is-nowadays-hatin' flicks to appear on-screen since Sean Connery kicked the whole thing off. But next year's film, Spectre , features something rarely seen in the Bond world: an age-appropriate co-star.
The so-called "Bond girl," in this film, is Monica Bellucci, age 50. For a franchise that has been built on the idea that Britain's most famous spy has no qualms about romantic entanglements with a teenager ( Aliza Gur was a teenager while filming "From Russia With Love"), it's a step forward.
Over the course of the Bond films, only three times has a female co-star been older than the actor playing James Bond, according to our analysis of  this comprehensive list . That includes Bellucci. (And let's just let out a collective "ugh" to that phrase, "Bond girl.")
Her co-star, Daniel Craig, is 46. The average age of the actor playing James Bond in all of the films is 43.5. That's 14 years older than the average of 28.8 for the women whom he's battling/rescuing/seducing/all-of-the-above.
The ages of the films' female stars have risen and fallen over time, but generally hover around 30-year-olds. Bond movies, meanwhile, rely on consistency in the title role, so Bonds tend to age as the actors that play them do.)
The only two other times a female co-star has been older than Bond were in the first two films, starring an unusually-young-for-Bond Connery. At the 1962 release of "Dr. No," Connery was 32, and Zena Marshall was 36. In the next year's "From Russia With Love," Eunice Gayson was 35 to Connery's 33. Then there was "On Her Majesty’s Secret Service."
We should remember that Bond falling for an older woman is not only unusual for him, but men at large. As  reported  by FiveThirtyEight, Christian Rudder of the dating site OKCupid created two graphs showing the ages of people most attractive to men and women as they grew older, according to the site's data. As a woman ages, she finds attractive the photos of men in her age range, or perhaps a few years younger. But it's much different for men, who prefer women in their early 20's even if the man is 30, 40 or 50.
**
We'll note, by the way, that we used a wide definition of "Bond girl" (ugh), incorporating 007James.com's list entirely, which includes some minor characters. If we apply that to Spectre as well, some minor love interests (there are so many) may drag the average down. But for now, we're content with James Bond appearing with the oldest co-star since Maud Adams' Octopussy.
Which serves as a good reminder that James Bond is not exactly the most politically forward franchise in Hollywood history.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

North Korea says its supporters may be behind Sony attackNorth Korea says its supporters may be behind Sony attack
Sony
Fred Prouser/Reuters
An entrance gate to Sony Pictures Entertainment at the Sony Pictures lot is pictured in Culver City, Calif.
An entrance gate to Sony Pictures Entertainment at the Sony Pictures lot is pictured in Culver City, Calif. (Fred Prouser/Reuters)
By Kahyun Yang and Jim Finkle, Reuters
Saturday Night Live (tv program)
The Pyongyang government's state-run media said the cyber attack on Sony's Hollywood studio may have been the work of pro-North Korean supporters in a report on Sunday that dismissed charges that the country itself was to blame as "wild rumor."
"The hacking into Sony Pictures Entertainment might be a righteous deed of the supporters and sympathizers with the DPRK in response to its appeal," the article by the KCNA news agency said, using the official DPRK acronym for North Korea.
The article, which represents the nation's most detailed response about the attack to date, denounced South Korea, accusing Seoul of "floating the false rumor that the North was involved in the hacking."
It also warned the United States that "there are a great number of supporters and sympathizers with the DPRK all over the world."
0
It said 'Guardians of Peace,' the hacking gang that has taken responsibility for the attack at the Sony Corp unit, was one such group. A North Korean diplomat has denied Pyongyang was behind the attack that was launched last month, though a U.S. national security source said it was a suspect.
Joseph DeTrani, a former senior U.S. intelligence official who has served as a special envoy in negotiations with Pyongyang, said that North Korea has historically been truthful when making statements about its involvement in attacks.
However, current leader Kim Jong Un has only been in power for about three years, which raises the possibility that the nation could have swayed from that policy, DeTrani said.
DeTrani said that he did not know if Pyongyang was responsible, but that it did have the ability to launch such an attack.
To date, cybersecurity experts say most of its cyber capabilities have been targeted at South Korea, which is technically still in a state of war with the North.
The attack shut down most of the studio's network for more than a week and hackers have released sensitive data over the Internet, including employee salaries and Social Security numbers along with high-quality digital versions of several unreleased films.
Forensics experts hired by Sony said the breach was unprecedented, well-planned and carried out by an "organized group," according to an email obtained by Reuters on Saturday.
That document did not identify suspects, but people close to the investigation have told Reuters that North Korea is a principal suspect based on technical evidence and Pyongyang's strong opposition to Sony Pictures comedy, 'The Interview,' which features a plot to assassinate the North Korean leader and is due to open Dec. 25 in the United States.
North Korea has described the film as an "act of war," though a North Korean diplomat last week denied that his nation was involved in the cyber attack.
Sony appears to be going ahead with its Christmas release. Actors James Franco and Seth Rogen appeared on the U.S. television program "Saturday Night Live" to promote "The Interview," in which they co-star.
"Something pretty crazy happened this week," Franco joked as he began a monologue about the unprecedented attack on U.S. soil, which included the theft of sensitive data of actors who had worked on Sony films.
"Soon you'll know that my email is cuterthandavefranco@aol.com . My password is Littlejamesycutiepie," he said. "This is all just a real violation of my personal life." 
The monologue was followed by an ad for the film that said it will be in theaters on Christmas Day, indicating that the hack has not caused Sony to delay its debut.
(Additional reporting by Chris Michaud in New York; Editing by James Pearson, Kim Coghill and Eric Walsh)

No  UVA has no libel claim against Rolling StoneBy Eugene Volokh December 7 Follow @volokhc
Some readers of the Libel law and the Rolling Stone / UVA alleged gang rape story post asked: If the story was indeed false, could the University of Virginia sue for the damage to its own reputation (quite apart from the possibility that fraternity members, the fraternity, or the officials named in the story could sue)?
The answer is clear, and it’s no. New York Times Co. v. Sullivan (1964) famously held that government officials can prevail in defamation lawsuits only if they can show that the defendant knew the statement was false, or was reckless about the possibility of falsehood — but it also, less famously, held that government entities can’t sue for defamation, period, regardless of the defendant’s mental state:
For good reason, “no court of last resort in this country has ever held, or even suggested, that prosecutions for libel on government have any place in the American system of jurisprudence.
“[P]rosecutions for libel on government,” the Court repeated in Rosenblatt v. Baer (1966)  — in a context that covered lawsuits and not just criminal prosecutions — are something that “the Constitution does not tolerate in any form.” And the Virginia Supreme Court echoed this in Dean v. Dearing (Va. 2002) . So even if someone deliberately lies about the University of Virginia, and this lie damages the university’s reputation, the university can’t win a libel lawsuit against the person.
Now if someone says about a private university that it doesn’t adequately protect its students (because it doesn’t adequately investigate alleged rapes and thus doesn’t do enough to prevent future rapes), that might be a libel of the university. Compare Mzamane v. Winfrey (E.D. Pa. 2010) (that’s the Winfrey), which holds that an allegation that a junior high school principal doesn’t do enough to investigate alleged abuse of students could be defamatory; I think a similar allegation about a university official could be defamatory of that official, and of the university more broadly, in the right circumstances.
Likewise, even apart from a claim of culpable lack of investigation, if someone says there was a serious crime against a patron of a particular establishment — whether a bar, a hotel or a university — and the speaker knows the statement is false or recklessly disregards the risk of falsehood, that might be the tort of “injurious falsehood.” (This could also be labeled a form of the “trade libel” tort, but as to quality of services and not quality of goods.) The Restatement (Second) of Torts § 623A provides that,
One who publishes a false statement harmful to the interests of another is subject to liability for pecuniary loss resulting to the other if
(a) he intends for publication of the statement to result in harm to interests of the other having a pecuniary value, or either recognizes or should recognize that it is likely to do so, and
(b) he knows that the statement is false or acts in reckless disregard of its truth or falsity.
Under the right circumstances, reporting that there was a particular rape at or near a private university, knowing the statement was false or reckless about the possibility of falsehood, might thus be actionable on this theory as well.
But none of this matters here, because the University of Virginia is a public university, and like other public entities — police departments , government-run ski resorts , cities, counties, states or the federal government itself — it cannot take advantage of the libel claims that are available to nongovernmental organizations.
For more on the possibility of lawsuits by the fraternity members or the fraternity, and for a bit more on the possibility of lawsuits by university officials, see this post .
UPDATE: Some commenters conclude that (to quote one), this is “[p]robably why RS lawyers let them run a story with such shoddy reporting.” I don’t think that’s right; as I noted in my earlier post , there is substantial risk of defamation liability in suits by students or even by the fraternity itself; I doubt that the fact that one possible plaintiff (the University of Virginia) is out of the picture would have materially affected Rolling Stone’s judgment.
Indeed, given that Rolling Stone and Sabrina Rubin Erdely were willing to face the huge reputational risk raised by the story — risk that can’t be mitigated through libel insurance, the way litigation risk could be — I suspect that they were just true believers: They thought that Jackie’s story must be true, and the risk of defamation liability didn’t play a major role in their analysis. But in any event, I doubt they would have seen much difference between the risk of a lawsuit from the students, the fraternity, and university officials and the risk of a lawsuit from the students, the fraternity, university officials, plus the university itself.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Obama administration decides to continue the use of racial profiling in immigration law enforcementAfter a lengthy review of racial and ethnic profiling in federal law enforcement policy, the Obama administration has decided to allow the practice to continue in immigration law enforcement :
The Obama administration will soon issue new rules curtailing the use of profiling, but federal agents will still be allowed to consider race and ethnicity when stopping people at airports, border crossings and immigration checkpoints, according to several government officials.
The new policy has been in the works for years and will replace decade-old rules that banned racial profiling for federal law enforcement, but with specific exemptions for national security and border investigations. Immigration enforcement has proved to be the most controversial aspect of the Obama administration’s revisions, and law enforcement officials succeeded in arguing that they should have more leeway in deciding whom to stop and question.
I. The Enormous Scope of Racial and Ethnic Profiling in Immigration Enforcement.
As the New York Times notes in the above-linked article, federal officials are permitted to use racial profiling in areas far beyond the border, as that term is understood by laypeople:
Federal agents have jurisdiction to enforce immigration laws within 100 miles of the borders, including the coastlines, an area that includes roughly a third of the United States, and nearly two-thirds of its population. Federal agents board buses and Amtrak trains in upstate New York, questioning passengers about their citizenship and detaining people who cannot produce immigration papers. Border Patrol agents also run inland checkpoints looking for illegal immigrants. Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, has called the existing rules “a license to profile.”
The areas in question have large Hispanic and Asian-American populations, and therefore large numbers of people likely to be victimized by racial profiling of the sort that the Obama administration has decided to continue.
II. Why Conservative Advocates of Color-blind Government Should Oppose Racial Profiling in Law Enforcement.
This decision is likely to disappoint liberal opponents of racial profiling. The president could easily forbid racial profiling in federal immigration enforcement by issuing an executive order banning it. If anything is within the scope of executive discretion in law enforcement, it is the tactics used by federal law enforcement agencies. Yet he has chosen not to do so. In fairness, he is, in this case, continuing practices that predate his administration. But the fact that previous administrations did the same thing is a poor excuse for an administration that prides itself on promoting racial justice and a president who promised to bring “change we can believe in.”
The perpetuation of racial profiling in immigration enforcement should also trouble conservative advocates of racial color-blindess by government. If they truly believe, as Chief Justice John Roberts puts it , that “[t]he way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discriminating on the basis of race,” they cannot allow a giant exception to this principle when it comes to law enforcement, whether in immigration law or elsewhere.
As I explained here and here , most of the reasons conservatives cite for opposing racial preferences in college admissions also apply to the use of racial profiling in law enforcement. In both cases, government uses race as a tool for economizing on information costs.
Conservative defenders of racial and ethnic profiling argue that it is justified because members of some racial and ethnic groups have much higher crime rates than others, and in a world of imperfect information, government should target enforcement efforts on those groups. A Hispanic-looking person in a border area is much more likely to be an illegal immigrant than, say, a white Anglo-Saxon. If federal officials had perfect information about each person they encounter, they would not need to use race as a proxy. But unfortunately, they don’t. But defenders of racial preferences in admissions can make exactly the same type of argument. An African-American applicant is, on average, more likely to have been the victim of racial discrimination than a white one. Similarly, members of some racial and ethnic groups are more likely to contribute to diversity than others. If we had perfect information about each applicant, admissions officers would not need to use race as a proxy. But unfortunately they don’t.
Conservatives rightly reject these sorts of rationales in the college admissions context. They point out that the use of even statistically accurate racial generalizations by government still inflicts injustices on innocent individuals and exacerbates racial conflict. They also emphasize that once racial discrimination becomes institutionalized, it is difficult to limit its scope. But exactly the same points apply to the use of racial discrimination in law enforcement. It too inevitably victimizes large numbers of innocent people, exacerbates racial tensions, and tends to expand once established .
Some conservatives, such as Jonah Goldberg nonetheless, continue to argue that racial profiling is more defensible than affirmative action because it inflicts only minor harms on its victims , whereas racial preferences in college admissions inflict much greater damage, perhaps even a “lifetime loss” for students unable to attend their preferred college. This theory is flawed for reasons I outlined here :
Whether affirmative action causes more harm to its victims than racial profiling varies from case to case. In some situations, getting stopped by the police will be a “lifetime loss” too, especially if nervousness or overreaction by either side causes a misunderstanding that escalates into violence. In other cases, it could result in your being detained for hours even if you are never charged with any crime (especially if the officer thinks you haven’t demonstrated the proper “respect” for his authority). The fear that racial profiling engenders among lower-class blacks and Hispanics (including those who never actually get profiled themselves) is also a significant cost.
White and Asian victims of affirmative action sometimes do suffer great losses… In many cases, however, they simply end up attending universities comparable to or only slightly less prestigious than those that rejected them. As with racial profiling, the magnitude of the loss varies widely from case to case.
I would add that the perpetuation of racial profiling also poisons relations between law enforcement and minority communities. If Hispanic immigrants believe that the government is treating them as second-class citizens – a perception likely to be reinforced by widespread racial profiling – that is likely to impede their assimilation and increase ethnic hostility. These too are significant potential harms that go beyond the often modest short term inconveniences of being stopped by law enforcement officials.
III. What if Racial Discrimination is the Only Way to Enforce Our Current System of Immigration Restrictions?
The New York Times article reports that the Obama administration ultimately decided to allow racial profiling in immigration enforcement to continue because the Department of Homeland Security claimed that immigration restrictions can’t be enforced without it:
“The immigration investigators have said, ‘We can’t do our job without taking ethnicity into account. We are very dependent on that,’ ” said one official briefed on the new rules. “They want to have the least amount of restrictions holding them back.”
If it really is true that current immigration restrictions can’t be enforced without large-scale racial and ethnic discrimination, that is a massive strike against them. It highlights the extent to which such policies unjustly victimize not only would-be immigrants , but also legal residents and American citizens.
I recognize that there might be extreme cases where racial and ethnic discrimination by government is the only way to prevent some great evil that cannot be forestalled otherwise. If, hypothetically, racial profiling were the only way to prevent an imminent nuclear terrorist attack that will kill millions, it could well be justified in such a case. But even if we aren’t willing to say that the government should never be allowed to engage in racial discrimination for any reason, there should at least be a very strong presumption against such policies. I am skeptical that the supposed need to deport more immigrants, most of whom merely seek to escape Third World poverty and oppression, even comes close to overcoming that presumption. If racial discrimination really is essential to the enforcement of current immigration law, that’s not a justification for racial profiling, but a justification for liberalizing immigration law.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Days after rape case in Delhi  RBI Dy Guv H R Khan says Uber complying with normsHome
Companies
Days after rape in Delhi by Uber cabs driver, RBI Dy Guv H R Khan says co complying with norms
By: PTI |        New Delhi |  December 8, 2014 2:52 pm
Summary
RBI said Uber is complying with the central bank norm with regard to payment systems.
AISA and JNUSU activists protest against the rape in Delhi by Uber cabs driver outside police HQ in New Delhi. (Express photo by Ravi Kanojia).
Days after the shocking rape case in Delhi, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the US-based controversial cab operator Uber is complying with the central bank norm with regard to payment systems.
“My understanding is that they are complying (with the norms),” RBI Deputy Governor H R Khan said when asked whether Uber’s payment system is fully compliant with the Indian norms.
The company has been in the news as its taxi driver is facing rape charges and is currently in police custody. Police has also issued notice to Indian functionaries of Uber to join investigation in the case.
The company had run into regulatory hurdles with Reserve Bank raising objections to its payment system as it did not include the authentication process. It was asked to comply with the regulatory norms.
Talking to reporters, Khan said “We had given time (to Uber) upto November 30 to come to wallet system…they wanted some extension. We said it is not possible… they have now fallen in line,” he said.
The company has started using the mobile wallet system.
“Quite a few customers have boarded on mobile wallet system and that is how it is going to work….I think they are now going to (be) more or less what we had told them..,” Khan added.
More from companies

Sensex falls 338 points  Nifty down 1.17%MARKET UPDATE: Sensex falls 338 points; Nifty down 1.17%, Infosys falls 5%
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 19:13 IST
Photo: Reuters
Stock markets logged their worst single-session drop in eight weeks on Monday with Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex plunging about 339 points and National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty slipping 100 points on losses in Infosys, where co-founders sold $1 billion worth shares, and other bluechips like TCS, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank.
M&M, Sesa Sterlite, Dr Reddys, Hindalco and Tata Steel counters dropped in 2-4 per cent range. L&T, RIL and Tata Motors were also under pressure.
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell to touch the day's low of 28,097.12 following fall in recent outperformers like HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank. However, the index attempted to rebound as it touched the session's high of 28,494.85 on value buying.
Participants, however, later again resorted to selling, spread over a broad front. Sensex settled the day at 28119.40, down 338.70 points, or 1.19 per cent. On Friday, it had slipped 104.72 points on profit-selling. This 338.7-point drop is its worst since October 16 when it fell 349.99 points.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty dipped below the key 8,500-mark by tumbling 100.05 points, or 1.17 per cent, to close, at 8,438.25. Intra-day, it traded in a range between 8,432.25 and 8,546.35. This was also its worst drop since October 16 (fall of 115.80 points).
"The decline was led by the IT counters as sentiments got a hit after some of the founders of IT major Infosys decided to sell $1.1 billion shares. Further, profit booking in capital goods, consumer durables and banking stocks also pushed the benchmark in red," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Infosys counter fell 4.88 per cent, the worst performer in Sensex,. TCS tumbled 2.51 per cent and Wipro shed 1.62 per cent in line with weak trend in IT shares.
Shares of metal companies, including Sesa, Hindalco and Tata Steel, faced selling after weak Chinese trade data.
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 3.18 per cent, followed by Teck 2.58 per cent, Realty 1.80 per cent, Capital Goods 1.72 per cent and Consumer Durables 1.41 per cent. Overall, 11 of the 12 sectoral indices ended in red.
Pressure was also seen in smaller stocks. BSE Small cap index ended 0.87 per cent down while the Mid-cap index shed as much as 1.22 per cent.
Global cues were mixed with Asian bourses ending higher and Europe was down in its opening trades.
Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 109.45 crore on Friday as per provisional data.

Cisco partners with IL&FS arm to tap smart c...You are here: Home > Collections
Cisco partners with IL&FS arm to tap smart city business in India
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 04.07PM IST
(The government plans to…)
BENGALURU: Networking giant Cisco has partnered IL&FS Technologies to jointly develop digital solutions to tap into the multi-billion dollar opportunity in the smart city space in India.
The companies will jointly develop Internet of Everything (IoE)-based digital solutions to pursue opportunities in the infrastructure sector and smart cities in India.
"The partnership is a collaboration between Cisco's vision of IoE, which is the intelligent connection of people, processes, data, and things, and IL&FS' deep expertise in infrastructure development in India along with ITL's excellent technology services capabilities," Cisco India and SAARC President (Sales) Dinesh Malkani told reporters here.
According to Cisco, the IoE total value at stake in India is $511 billion over the next 10 years. Of the total IoE at take, public sector value at stake is $116 billion, which includes creating smart cities and citizen services such as health and education.
The government plans to develop 100 smart cities by 2022. In the Budget, the Finance Ministry has allocated Rs 7,060 crore for developing these smart cities.
Some of the solutions that will be jointly developed will focus on urban services and smart city infrastructure solutions like traffic and transportation, public safety and security, command and control services and e-governance, Malkani said.
"A broader set of next-generation urban services like parking, lighting, traffic and citizen engagement services built on top of Cisco's City Infrastructure Management will also be worked on," he added.
These solutions will help citizens access, in real time, infrastructure services such as traffic, parking, lighting, and water, as well as city operators to improve city infrastructure operations through sharing information in real time across agencies and systems.
In India, an average of 2.75 lakh devices get connected to a network every day.
In September, Cisco had unveiled a "smart city" model to demonstrate how smart networks can play a crucial role in areas like education, healthcare, work and electronic delivery of citizen services. It was set up to act as a blueprint for the future of smart and connected communities in India.
IL&FS Technologies Ltd (ITL) is a technology solutions arm of Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services (IL&FS).
"Our collaboration with Cisco will bring the power of the IoE to greenfield and brownfield cities, communities and rural communities in India. Together we can enable digital solutions for the most essential citizen services such as healthcare and education," ITL Chairman Prem Saigal said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cisco partners IL&FS Technologies to tap smart city bizCisco partners IL&FS Technologies to tap smart city business
PTI     Bengaluru   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 18:54 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
Networking giant Cisco has partnered Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services (IL&FS)Technologies to jointly develop digital solutions to tap into the multi-billion dollar opportunity in the smart city space in India.
The companies will jointly develop Internet of Everything (IoE)-based digital solutions to pursue opportunities in the infrastructure sector and smart cities in India.
"The partnership is a collaboration between Cisco's vision of IoE, which is the intelligent connection of people, processes, data, and things, and IL&FS' deep expertise in infrastructure development in India along with ITL's excellent technology services capabilities, Cisco India and SAARC President (Sales)", Dinesh Malkani told reporters in Bengaluru.
According to Cisco, the IoE total value at stake in India is $511 billion over the next 10 years. Of the total IoE at take, public sector value at stake is $116 billion, which includes creating smart cities and citizen services such as health and education.
The government plans to develop 100 smart cities by 2022. In the Budget, the Finance Ministry has allocated Rs 7,060 crore for developing these smart cities.
"Some of the solutions that will be jointly developed will focus on urban services and smart city infrastructure solutions like traffic and transportation, public safety and security, command and control services and e-governance", Malkani said.
"A broader set of next-generation urban services like parking, lighting, traffic and citizen engagement services built on top of Ciscos City Infrastructure Management will also be worked on", he added.
These solutions will help citizens access, in real time, infrastructure services such as traffic, parking, lighting, and water, as well as city operators to improve city infrastructure operations through sharing information in real time across agencies and systems.
In India, an average of 2.75 lakh devices get connected to a network every day. In September, Cisco had unveiled a smart city model to demonstrate how smart networks can play a crucial role in areas like education, healthcare, work and electronic delivery of citizen services.
It was set up to act as a blueprint for the future of smart and connected communities in India. IL&FS Technologies is a technology solutions arm of Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services (IL&FS).
"Our collaboration with Cisco will bring the power of the IoE to greenfield and brownfield cities, communities and rural communities in India. Together we can enable digital solutions for the most essential citizen services such as healthcare and education", ITL Chairman Prem Saigal said.

Israeli warplanes bomb Damascus airport: Syrian militaryBy: Associated Press | Damascus (syria) |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:22 pm
Israeli warplanes bombed two areas near Damascus on Sunday, striking near the city’s international airport as well as outside a town close to the Lebanese border, the Syrian military said.
Since Syria’s conflict began in March 2011, Israel has carried out several airstrikes in Syria that have targeted sophisticated weapons systems, including Russian-made anti-aircraft missiles and Iranian-made missiles, believed to be destined for Israel’s arch foe – the Lebanese Hezbollah militant group.
Israel has never confirmed the strikes, and on Sunday the Israeli military said it does not comment on “foreign reports.”
The Syrian armed forces’ general command said Sunday’s “flagrant attack” caused material damage, but did not provide any details on what was hit near the airport or in the town of Dimas, which is northwest of Damascus along the main highway from the capital to the Lebanese frontier.
“This aggression demonstrates Israel’s direct involvement in supporting terrorism in Syria along with well-known regional and Western countries to raise the morale of terrorist groups, mainly the Nusra Front,” the military said in a statement carried by SANA.
There is no evidence that Israel has provided any support to the Nusra Front, which is al-Qaida’s affiliate in Syria.
The director of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, Rami Abdurrahman, said the strike near the Damascus international airport targeted a depot for newly arrived weapons at a military facility that is part of the airport.
The strikes near Dimas, he said, went after weapons depots in hangars in and around a small air base. It was not clear whether those weapons were for the Syrian government or for Hezbollah. He had no word on casualties.
The Britain-based Observatory monitors Syria’s civil war through a network of activists on the ground.
While Israel has tried to stay out of the war in neighboring Syria, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has repeatedly threatened to take military action to prevent Syria from transferring sophisticated weapons to its ally Hezbollah. Israel and Hezbollah are bitter enemies and fought an intense monthlong war in 2006.
In May 2013, a series of Israeli airstrikes near Damascus targeted what Israeli officials said were shipments of Iranian-made Fateh-110 missiles bound for Hezbollah.
In eastern Syria on Sunday, Syrian warplanes carried out at least 11 airstrikes of their own against Islamic State militants attacking a key military air base, activists said.
The Islamic State group launched its assault on the sprawling air field just outside of the city of Deir el-Zour last week, touching off fighting that activists say has killed more than 150 people on both sides. For IS, seizing control of the base would eliminate the last significant continued…

SpiceJet stock closes over 4 per cent down on boursesSpiceJet stock closes over 4 per cent down on stock exchanges
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 18:03 IST
Photo: Reuters
Continuing to fall for the fifth straight session, shares of budget carrier SpiceJet ended over 4 per cent lower on Monday amid a flurry of negative news, including fund drought and large-scale flight cancellations.
After falling 12.85 per cent to Rs 13.90 in intra-day trade, shares of SpiceJet finally ended at Rs 15.25, down 4.39 per cent from its previous close on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
In five trading sessions, the stock has fallen by over 28 per cent. During this period, the company's market value fell by Rs 321 crore to Rs 816.30 crore.
Concerned over deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA last week withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
With SpiceJet wobbling amid fund drought and the aviation regulator keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, the no-frill carrier's pilots are flocking to other airlines in search of a job, industry sources said.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over SpiceJet's ability to run as a "going concern".
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concerns over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather, not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
Shares of the company have been on the back foot amid reports that Airport Authority of India (AAI)has put it on cash-and-carry payment mode.
In a filing to the BSE, the company on Monday said, "We would like to clarify that SpiceJet Limited is not under a "Cash-and-Carry" payment mode with Airport Authority of India as wrongly reported in certain sections of the media."
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs 310 crore which is down from Rs 559 crore net loss during the corresponding period last year.

Micromax launches Canvas Selfie smartphoneMicromax launches Canvas Selfie smartphone with 13 MP rear and front cameras
By ET Bureau | 8 Dec, 2014, 05.18PM IST
With a mn selfies taken every day,  40% claim to re-touch them, we've created a blend of hardware & software for a perfect selfie,” said Vineet Taneja
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Domestic smartphone vendor Micromax Monday launched its first selfie smartphone, Canvas Selfie , which it says is designed for the image-conscious women.
The new smartphone is equipped with 13 mega-pixel rear and front cameras and flash with Sony sensor. In addition, it features built-in beauty tools in the camera app like eye enhancement, face slimming, skin smoothening and teeth whitening, among others.
"With over a million selfies being taken every day, out of which 40 per cent claim to re-touch them, we have created a perfect blend of hardware and software to give you that perfect selfie," Vineet Taneja , chief executive officer, Micromax, said in the statement.
The device features a 4.7 inch HD IPS display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Running on Android 4.4 KitKat, the device is powered by 1.7 GHz true-octa-core processor and 2G RAM.
Available in Mystic Blue and Angelic White colors, the smartphone comes with an expandable memory of up to 32GB.
The dual SIM 3G device will be available in online and offline stores starting January second week.

Infosys deal got good response from foreign investorsWe got a very good response from both domestic and international investors’ even though domestic investors did not have much time they came in substantially; broadly 80% foreign & 20% domestic.
Sanjay Sharma
MD & Head Equity Capital Markets
Deutsche Bank
Sanjay Sharma, MD & Head ECM at Deutsche Equities India in an interview to CNBC-TV18 spoke about the sale of  Infosys shares by some of the co-founders and their family members.
He said the book was reasonably subscribed and since it was done over the weekend there was a lot of participation from foreign investors, almost to the tune of 80 percent. However, the Asian and domestic investors too participated but got less time to do so. The response was seen from both existing and new investors, he added.
However, the stock was down around 5 percent in trade today after 3.3 cr shares changed hands in multiple block deals this morning.
Deutsche Bank was the sole book runner of the sale and the books were covered just after the launch . A reuters report this morning said “four founders” of Infosys had sold the shares, worth USD 1.1 billion at Rs 1,988 per share (a 4 percent discount to Friday’s closing price).
The report suggested the founders were selling the stake for "personal and philanthropic purposes". Four of the original founders, co-founders and their families are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of 1,988 rupees (USD 32) each, a 4 percent discount to Friday's close.
The bank is also a part of Coal Indi a divestment process and expects a good response for that took.
He is very encouraged by the retail flows into mutual funds and does not see any investment fatigue for divestments in the near-term at least.
Below is the transcript of Sanjay Sharma's interview with CNBC-TV18's Menaka Doshi, Senthil Chengalvarayan and Anuj Singhal.
Menaka: You were instrumental in the promoter equity sale at Infosys, the reason why the stock is down some 5-6 percent because you sold to discount to market price and thanks to that we are seeing a 1 percent loss on CNBC-TV18s 15th birthday.
A: The deal went off well. It was done over the weekend given the fact that Infosys trades both local and ADR, so we had very limited time. We launched it early morning and closed it before market today. We got a very good response from both domestic and international investors’ even though domestic investors did not have much time they came in substantially; broadly 80 percent foreign and 20 percent domestic.
Menaka: How many times was the book oversubscribed?
A: I can't comment on it but reasonably oversubscribed.
Menaka: If it was reasonably oversubscribed why did you feel compelled to sell it at a fairly big discount to market price?
A: 4 percent for such a large trade is not a big discount.
Menaka: Is it commensurate with what you would have done in other block deals?
A: Yes. For this size of the deal it is pretty good. I would say 3.9 percent and not 4 percent. If you look at from the Infosys peak it is just about 8 percent down from the Infosys peak which has happened ever on the stock.
Menaka: The kind of appetite that you saw where did this come from, where did the interest predominantly come from?
A: Given the fact that we had done it over the weekend – the interest was across some of the key large investors both shareholders and otherwise, a lot of it came from US and Asia. Given the fact that we launched early morning very limited time for Indian investors and practically no time for European investors, in that context I think we got very good demand. Couple of large orders of 200 million plus.
Senthil: Were there any new investors in this or are they all existing shareholders?
A: It was a mix of existing and new investors. From a domestic perspective, I would say most of the existing investors because they had very limited time to react. However on the international side there were new investors as well.
Senthil: I know you can't give us details but were there any significant new investor somebody who is either a large hedge fund, a large sovereign fund. Is there anything significant that you can tell us without disclosing names?
A: Not really. However broadly speaking 80 percent foreign is something which I will stick to.
Anuj: Is this it for Infosys founders for now or may be in next 2 or 3 months there is one more set which is pending and as you said there were some investors which were left may be European, some Indian. So, could there be one more set of deal that could take place?
A: That is something which I would not like to comment upon. Infosys founders had exited this amount which is just about 17-18 percent of their overall holding. I really can't comment on what their next step would be.
Anuj: Let us talk about the overall market scenario. This was quite a bit of paper that got absorbed and in the future what is the pipeline looking like? We have couple of government OFS and there would be couple of IPOs as well?
A: We did the Sail issue last week and of the other 2 or 3 large deals which are pending are Coal India, ONGC and NHPC. We are a part of the Coal India trade. I think the target would be to try and close that before the fiscal year ends in March. We will see how the government decides on timing on that.
Anuj: Is there enough demand for Coal India because there has been some issue about what is happening with the company?
A: If you look at even from a Sail perspective which was the smallest deal in the pipeline it went off pretty well. I think Coal India just given the scale of the company and the liquidity I would see pretty good demand on it.
Senthil: We have been talking about how you need disinvestment to give new paper, new appetite and attract new investors. So, in a sense this is a disinvestment, very quiet but this was an Infosys disinvestment. What does it tell you about the market?
A: Overall if you look at disinvestment apart from the typical institutional investors which they target you have seen given the Sebi relaxation of having 10 percent retail we saw substantial amount of retail coming into Sail as well. We had almost 2 times covered on the retail bucket.
Menaka: In fact I thought you might be disappointed with some of the demand given that you were only 2 times covered, not even fully 2 times covered on the book right?
A: Given the fact that this was the first off the block, new guidelines in terms of retail.
Menaka: That is what should worry you. For the first off the block you have managed to cover book only twice, as you bunch up issues in the last quarter of this year and they desperately need to meet that disinvestment timeline as well as the targeted money, you are going to find it tougher and tougher to find buyers?
A: I don’t think so. There are 3 months left. So, you don’t need to squeeze everything in a short span of time.
Menaka: They have not squeezed anything, they have done one issue?
A: There are as I said three deals which are in the pipeline if you look at it from an OFS perspective, two of them being large Coal India and ONGC. As long as they spread that out reasonably with a 2-3 week gap I think it should not be a problem.
Menaka: You don’t see any degree of investor fatigue coming in, in the last quarter of this financial because of the bunching up of some of these sales?
A: No, not at all because if you look at from the beginning of the year given the euphoria of the new government coming in there was anticipation that huge amount of supply would come into the market which has not happened. My view is very clear the supply always phases it out so that the market can absorb it.
Menaka: Are you also going to be handling some of the SUUTI stock sale?
A: I can't talk about it because that is something which what I understand is they are going through the ETF route. I have no further knowledge on that.
Menaka: So, they have decided on the ETF route on this?
A: That is what I am looking at more from the press. I have no other information.
Anuj: In the past week we saw 2 or 3 midcap companies come out with QIP issues. Anecdotally that represented a bit of peak for the market. Is there a bit of a risk of that happening this time around as well because there is quite a bit of paper that is hitting the markets now?
A: If you look at QIPs or OFS which are follow-on-offers which companies can be ready and then be very quick to time to the market depending on what the window arises and as I was saying earlier, most of the companies who are in the pipeline would have that ready and as and when they see windows they will come and tap it. I don’t see there is going to be any clubbing of deals whether it is on the public sector or private sector.
Menaka: You watch the equity capital markets very closely. I am not asking you for a price forecast but have you made of this spectacular run we have had through the course of this calendar year and where you see markets headed from hereon?
A: Participation from a variety of investors - retail investors, the robustness of this move up all of that shows that it is going into the positive momentum both FII flows, and also retail and the indirect flows which are coming in the mutual funds. After a long time you are seeing mutual fund inflows of almost USD 3 billion in the market so far which has happened only in the last 3-4 months which is a very good indication of flows which will push the markets up.
Menaka: Are there any other promoters lined-up to sell stake, making hay while the equity markets shine?
A: I would certainly give a call once the deal is done.
Senthil: How long did this deal take from decision to execution? Now that it is over when did the promoters decide that they wanted to now offload this?
A: It was pretty quick from the time the decision was made. I would say 2-3 weeks.
Senthil: So, they decided 2-3 weeks ago that this is a good time to sell some of their stake after the bonus?
A: Yes.
Infosys stock price
On December 10, 2014, Infosys closed at Rs 1937.65, up Rs 13.35, or 0.69 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 4401.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 1447.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 101.90 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.02. The latest book value of the company is Rs 366.51 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.29.
RELATED NEWS

British-Indian millionaire Shrien Dewani acquitted in wife s murder case15
0
Cape Town: British-Indian millionaire Shrien Dewani, accused of plotting the murder of his Indo-Swedish bride during their honeymoon in Cape Town in 2010, was acquitted on Monday as a South African court dismissed the case against him, citing lack of evidence.
Judge Jeanette Traverso threw out the high-profile case against 34-year-old Dewani even before he started his defence against the accusation that he plotted to kill his 28-year-old wife Anni.
Traverso said the prosecution's case against Dewani was weak and that she can see no reasonable prospect that she might find him guilty once she has also heard his defence. The evidence presented by the prosecution fell "far below the threshold" of what a reasonable court could convict on, the judge ruled.
Dewani admitted at the start of the trial that he is bisexual and visited male bondage prostitutes.
#shrien dewani #2010 honeymoon murder #wife #businessman
She said the evidence of the prosecution's main witness, taxi driver Zola Tongo, was "riddled with contradictions" and "highly debatable". Prosecutors in the six-week-long trial said Dewani was a closet homosexual, and "needed to find a way out" of his marriage.
Dewani admitted at the start of the trial that he is bisexual and visited male bondage prostitutes. But he also insisted that he loved his new wife Anni and had no hand in what happened.
Traverso, the second most senior in the province, has made no secret of her dismay at the prosecution case. She rejected evidence about Dewani's sexuality as "irrelevant" and repeatedly lambasted the prosecutors leading it.
Dewani is accused of hiring three men -- taxi driver Zola Tongo, Mziwamadoda Qwabe and Xolile Mngeni -- to kill Anni on their honeymoon in South Africa in 2010. Mngeni was sentenced to life in prison for the murder but died in jail. Qwabe was sentenced to 25 years. Tongo was sentenced to 18 years following a plea bargain deal.
Shrien lost a four-year legal battle in the UK to avoid extradition to South Africa, and was sent in April to stand trial.
Dewani is now free to return to Britain immediately.
2

Clark: at 3-10  Washington still searching for an identityBy Liz Clarke December 8 Follow @lizclarketweet
Redskins safety Ryan Clark says the team lacks an identity. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
It was early in the season, well before the losses torpedoed Washington’s season, that veteran safety Ryan Clark pinpointed a lack of identity as a potential problem for the team.
After Sunday’s 24-0 loss to St. Louis, Clark cited the issue again.
“We have to find an identity,” said Clark, who was third on the Redskins in Sunday’s defeat with 10 tackles, two for a loss. “Good football teams have an identity. Good football teams have go-to [plays].”
While Ryan said he didn’t consider the Rams a great football team, he considered them good—largely as a result of knowing what they do well and doing it. Specifically, Ryan noted, St. Louis has a terrific pass rush, and its offense doesn’t make major mistakes.
With four No. 1 draft picks on its defensive line, St. Louis sacked Washington’s Colt McCoy six times and Robert Griffin III once, costing the offense 53 yards. Rams quarterback Shaun Hill threw for two touchdowns and no interceptions.
“That’s what we have to do as a team,” Clark said. “We have to figure out where our strengths are and play to those. The problem is we find new problems every week. One week, we don’t rush well. One week, we don’t cover well.
“You can’t do that. You have to be consistent in one part of your team.”
 
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered Tuesday in the  Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Colgate Palmolive Board declares Second Interim DividendColgate Palmolive Board declares Second Interim Dividend
Current account deficit increases to 2.1% of GDPIn Q2, current account deficit rises to 2.1% of GDP
Our Bureau
Reflection of growing imports and declining exports
Mumbai, Dec 8:  
India’s current account deficit (CAD) – a measure of the country’s external vulnerability – widened to $10.1 billion in the second quarter of 2014-15 from $7.8 billion in the preceding quarter.
The CAD rose to 2.1 per cent of the GDP in the second quarter against 1.7 per cent in Q1.
The RBI said that the increase in CAD was primarily on account of the higher trade deficit contributed by both a deceleration in export growth and increase in imports.
In the second quarter of the previous financial year, the CAD was at $5.2 billion (1.2 per cent of GDP). In the first six months of the current fiscal, the country’s current account deficit aggregated $17.9 billion ($26.9 billion in the corresponding year ago period).
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Budget speech in July had said, “We must continue to be watchful on the CAD.”
About six quarters ago, a burgeoning CAD was the biggest headache for the country’s policymakers. The RBI and the government tried hard to curb it as the rising print threatened to affect the country’s sovereign ratings.
The RBI had put severe restrictions on gold imports to rein in the galloping CAD. It, however, has done away with those curbs as the situation has improved. However, the latest reading will attract the attention of policymakers and economists as it comes at a time when Brent crude prices have plummeted and forex inflows have improved.
According to Aditi Nayar, Senior Economist, ICRA Ltd, the average monthly trade deficit is expected to narrow from $13.8 billion in September-October 2014 to $10-12 billion per month in the remainder of FY15, reflecting the easing of commodity prices. “We expect a current account deficit of about $35 billion or about 1.7 per cent of GDP in 2014-15, which would be comfortably financed by capital inflows,” she said.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Kotak Mahindra launches savings account of older customersKotak Mahindra launches savings account of older customers
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec. 8:  
Kotak Mahindra Bank launched a savings account product for older customers aged over 55 years to offer priority service with discounted offerings.
Grand is a unique savings bank account, tailored exclusively for customers 55 years and above. Grand has been designed keeping in mind their need for hassle-free banking, financial independence and personal attention, the bank said in a statement.
“Grand offers priority service and first aid card which provides essential customer information and emergency contacts details. It also offers queue privileges at the branch. Further, customers will get a health card from Indian Health Organisation (IHO), offering up to 50 per cent discount on treatments, consultation and procedures. Customers also can avail special lifestyle offers from brands including Lenskart, Zicom, Makemytrip and eBay,” the statement said.
Grand customers will earn 6 per cent per annum on savings balance of over Rs 1 lakh and 5 per cent on balances up to Rs 1 lakh.
To earn higher return on their balances, they can sign up for the Kotak ActivMoney facility, which converts savings account balance above a certain amount into Term Deposits.
Grand has also been packed with additional features including up to 35 per cent discount on locker facility and 100 per cent waiver on annual maintenance charge (AMC) for the first year on a Demat Account.
Additionally, customers will get 100 per cent issuance charge waiver on best complimentary cards and 25 per cent issuance charge waiver on a travel card.
Customers can also opt for customised date for cash delivery at their home doing away with any effort on the part of the customer to reach out to the bank every now and then. Instead, the customer contact centre gets in touch with the customer on the pre-selected date to confirm and execute cash delivery.
Further, customers can place a request for a call back by simply sending a SMS, which will be responded to within 30 minutes. They can also transact using net banking and mobile banking.
Grand also enables customers to make bill payments by registering online or at Kotak Mahindra branches.
“We believe in serving our customers better by understanding their preferences, and delivering products and services that meet needs of all segments. Grand is a distinctive offering for customers 55 years and above whose needs and behavioural patterns are different from other customer segments,” said Shanti Ekambaram, President – Consumer Banking, Kotak Mahindra Bank.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

CII survey shows recovery in manufacturing growth slow but steadyCII survey shows recovery in manufacturing growth slow but steady
Deepak Patel | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 12:24 AM IST
More sectors registered positive manufacturing growth trends during July-September 2014 compared to the year-ago period, according to a survey by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and Associations Council (ASCON).
“Although the expected growth resurgence is still elusive, industry feels that with government’s focused efforts to bolster investments in manufacturing, the growth is inevitable,” said the CII-ASCON survey, which tracks the growth of the industrial sector on a quarterly basis.
Out of 59 sectors surveyed, the number of sectors reporting “excellent” and high growth has shown an increase from 26.08 per cent in July-September, 2013, to 30.4 per cent in the same period in 2014.
At the same time, the number of sectors registering “low” and “negative” growth has dropped from 73.9 per cent in July-September 2013 to 69.48 per cent in the same quarter this year.
The information of the survey is based on feedback received from ‘sectoral industry associations’.
The survey categorises the growth range in four broad categories - excellent (above 20 per cent), good (10-20 per cent), low (0-10 per cent), and negative (less than zero per cent).
The survey notes most of the “high” and “excellent” growth has been registered by the segments of white goods, synthetic fibre, consumer non-durables such as imported oils, groundnut oil, rape seeds, along with machine tools and rubber machinery, and others.

15 things that are true for any hosteler inIndia, Edited by Parmita Uniyal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:12 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 6:47 pm
By Sonakshi Kundra
Life in hostel is fun. But it’s a roller coaster ride.
1. “Mess” is actually a mess
What is the first description that comes to your mind, when we talk about Hostel food – Bad, dirty, stale, cold food? You can take your pick but we are sure adjectives like good, delicious, heavenly will not be suitable for the food cooked in Hostel Mess. And you thought we at hostels eat vegetables? No, way! It is a luxury. You might be lucky to witness all the possible gourmet inventions here only if you can stand bhindi and aallu mix (ladyfinger and potato). Also Carrot and Bottle Gourd Raita. Now a ‘GK’ question – Which is the most common thing you see in mess? Yes we all know the answer. It has to be nothing else but hostel’s national vegetable “Potatoes”. You get them anytime, anywhere and everywhere.
What is the first description that comes to your mind, when we talk about Hostel food – Bad, dirty, stale, cold food. (Source: labsaints.com)
2. We survive on “Maggi”
Maggi is our life-line. You can atleast claim you can cook something. Not just cook but you become an expert of sorts. You can even beat famous DU- Tom Chacha’s Maggi by creating your own special Maggi. Maggi is so important for us hostelers that it invariably becomes our birthday cake. Yes, we do cut Maggi instead of cake on our birthdays.
Maggi is our life-line
3. We are Chai-holics
Tea is the way of our life. You become such a tea lover that you know locations of different chai tapris/tea points at every corner around your hostel. Today’s toll: 15 cups and still counting…
Tea is the way of our life. (Source: aapplemint.com)
4. Party is our hostel anthem.
It’s our anthem – “we work hard and party harder”. ‘Shhhhh! there is an amazing free bar service in hostel with trance, EDM’s, desi bollyood music at high loud amplifiers.’ You think it disturbs rest, may be but..who cares really? You don’t even know but you become masters of conning, jugad and masti. Party time! But wait, why are we even partying? Dude, we don’t need any particular reason to party. It could be from breakups to buying a handkerchief. We can party anytime, all time.
We work hard and party harder (Source: Thinkstock Images)
5. You are surely victims of insomnia
Imagine you are staying with so many people , you have so much to do, so how can you sleep? Actually one common question asked continued…

India built 5 mn energy-efficient fans using int l fundingIndia built 5 mn energy-efficient fans using int l funding
Axis Bank closes its Infrastructure Bond Issue. Raises Rs. 5705 croresAxis Bank closes its Infrastructure Bond Issue. Raises Rs. 5705 crores
Oil ministry to cut ONGC s subsidy burden  adjust its cess paymentHi Guest
Oil ministry to cut ONGC's subsidy burden, adjust its cess payment
The move to lessen the subsidy burden will give a flip to government's plan to sell 5 per cent stake in Oil and Natural Gas Corporation to garner about Rs 17,000 crore (Rs 170 billion). In a big boost to ONGC, the oil ministry is reworking the fuel subsidy sharing formula to cut its payout by a quarter through adjustment of statutory oil cess against its share. According to a new subsidy sharing formula, the payout of upstream oil producers like ONGC is to be reduced to the extent of Rs 4,500 ...

Govt acted against army men accused of shooting teenagers:ModiGovt acted against army men accused of shooting teenagers:Modi
CCI clears Sun-Ranbaxy merger deal with conditionsCCI clears Sun-Ranbaxy merger deal with conditions
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 19:15 IST
Photo: Reuters
The long-pending $ 4-billion merger between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy on Monday got a conditional approval from fair trade watchdog CCI, which asked the two companies to divest some key products along with other changes to the deal to address the anti-competitive issues.
The fair trade regulator's approval comes after the first ever public scrutiny carried out by it for a merger, which was announced in April and would create India's largest and world's fifth biggest drug-maker.
In an order released on Monday, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) said that it "approves the proposed combination, subject to the parties carrying out the modification to the proposed combination".
CCI has directed Sun Pharma to divest all products containing 'Tamsulosin + Tolterodine' which are at present marketed and supplied under the Tamlet brand name.
Similarly, Ranbaxy would be required to divest all products containing Leuprorelin which are marketed and supplied under the Eligard brand name, among others. In all, six products will have to be divested by Ranbaxy and one by Sun.
According to the fair trade watchdog, the modification to the proposed deal aims "to maintain the existing level of competition in the relevant markets in India".
This would need to be done through creation of a viable, effective, independent and long term competitor in the relevant markets pertaining to the divestment products, CCI said in the order.
"Ensuring that the approved purchaser of divestment product(s) has the necessary components, including transitional support arrangements to compete effectively with the merged entity in the relevant markets in India.
The combined entity would have operations in 65 countries, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, and a significant platform of speciality and generic products marketed globally.

Bernie Ecclestone criticises Sebastian Vettels attitude after seasonfailureBy: Reuters | London |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:32 pm
Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone has criticised four times world champion Sebastian Vettel for the way he reacted to failure this year.
The German, who has now left Red Bull for Ferrari, ended the season without a win after dominating the previous four championships.
Red Bull started the season on the back foot with an uncompetitive and unreliable Renault V6 turbo hybrid engine but Vettel’s new Australian team mate Daniel Ricciardo still won three races.
“I’m a super supporter of Sebastian, but I’m a little bit disappointed with his attitude, which I think has changed,” Ecclestone wrote in the foreword to the official Formula One season review.
“He’s acting like a defeated guy, and he isn’t — that’s not his mentality,” added the 84-year-old.
Ecclestone and Vettel, who won the last nine races of 2013, are close and the Briton will be happy at least to see the 27-year-old move to Maranello after achieving all his success with Red Bull.
Ferrari are going through considerable change and, now on their third team principal of the year, are under pressure to perform after a dismal season in which they too failed to win a race for the first time since 1993.
“Ferrari was very disappointing, getting lost somewhere,” said Ecclestone.
“Fernando (Alonso) got a little bit like Sebastian halfway through, so I’m a little disappointed in him, too.”
Spaniard Alonso has made way for Vettel and is now expected to join McLaren, who have not won a race since 2012.
Mercedes won both titles this year, with Lewis Hamilton taking his second driver’s championship, but Ecclestone said the sport had been lucky the Briton and his German team mate Nico Rosberg were allowed to race each other.
“It’s good that Mercedes allowed them to do that,” he said. “If not, we would have had a really lousy championship.”

Dewani honeymoon trial: South African court clears Shrien of charges of murdering wifeAnniPrint
Anish Hindocha, left, the brother of Anni Dewani who was murdered during her honeymoon in South Africa in 2010, speaks at a press conference with other family members in the city of Cape Town, South Africa, Wednesday, Dec. 3, 2014. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | South Africa |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:25 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 6:26 pm
A South African court cleared British businessman Shrien Dewani on Monday of charges that he paid hitmen to kill his wife while they were on honeymoon in Cape Town four years ago.
State prosecutors had argued that Dewani paid 15,000 rand ($1,300) in a plot with taxi driver Zola Tongo and others to kidnap and murder his wife, Anni, in November 2010, charges he has consistently denied.
Three South Africans, who had implicated Dewani as part of plea bargains for reduced sentences, are serving lengthy jail terms for her murder.
“The application is granted. The accused is found not guilty on this charge,” Judge Jeanette Traverso told a packed courtroom. Dewani is expected to be released and could fly home to Britain later on Monday.
Anni Dewani’s family said they were “deeply disappointed” with the judge’s decision, especially because Shrien never had to take the stand to give his version of events.
“Today we feel as a family that the justice system has failed us,” Anni’s sister, Ami Denborg, told reporters outside the courtroom as family members wept nearby.
Traverso earlier said Tongo, the prosecution’s chief witness, gave testimony “riddled with contradictions” and it was difficult to know where “the lies end and the truth begins”.
She added that the evidence provided by two hitmen also convicted of Anni Dewani’s murder “contradict Mr Tongo on about every aspect of their interaction”.
Prosecutors had argued that Dewani agreed to pay for a staged hijacking in Gugulethu township on the edge of Cape Town.
Mziwamadoda Qwabe, a South African serving 25 years in jail for murdering Anni Dewani, told the court he commandeered the car in which the Dewanis were travelling. Police later found her body in the back seat with a single gunshot wound to the neck.
Dewani lost a three-year legal battle in Britain to avoid being extradited to and tried in South Africa.
His trial is the second high-profile case this year to turn the spotlight on South Africa’s judicial system and high murder rate.
A Pretoria high court in October sentenced Olympic and Paralympic runner Oscar Pistorius to five years in jail for shooting dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
More than 17,000 people were murdered in South Africa between April 2013 and March 2014, an increase of about 800 over the previous year, according to police figures.

Shrien Dewani cleared of honeymoon murder in South AfricaCape Town, December 8, 2014
Updated: December 8, 2014 18:59 IST
Shrien Dewani cleared of honeymoon murder in South Africa
PTI
British businessman Shrien Dewani arrives at court in Cape Town on December 8, 2014.
TOPICS
civil
A South African court acquits the British-Indian millionaire of charges that he paid hitmen to kill his wife while they were on honeymoon in Cape Town four years ago
British-Indian millionaire Shrien Dewani, accused of hiring hitmen to kill his Indo-Swedish bride during their honeymoon here in 2010, was acquitted on Monday by a South African court that dismissed the case against him, ending a four-year-long dramatic murder saga.
Western Cape High Court Deputy Judge Jeanette Traverso threw out the high-profile case against 34-year-old Dewani even before he started his defence against the accusation that he plotted to kill his 28-year-old wife Anni Hindocha.
The judge said the prosecution’s case against Dewani was weak and that she can see no reasonable prospect that she might find him guilty once she has also heard his defence.
British businessman Shrien Dewani. File photo: AP
The evidence presented by the prosecution fell “far below the threshold” of what a reasonable court could convict on, the judge ruled in a case that has grabbed international headlines.
She said the evidence of the prosecution’s main witness, taxi driver Zola Tongo, was “riddled with contradictions” and “highly debatable”.
Dewani is accused of hiring three men — taxi driver Tongo, Mziwamadoda Qwabe and Xolile Mngeni — to kill Anni on their honeymoon in South Africa in 2010. Anni was kidnapped and then murdered in Gugulethu township near Cape Town on November 13, 2010.
Mngeni was sentenced to life in prison for the murder but died in jail. Qwabe was sentenced to 25 years. Tongo was sentenced to 18 years following a plea bargain deal.
Shrien lost a four-year legal battle in the UK to avoid extradition to South Africa, and was sent in April this year to stand trial. Dewani is now free to return to Britain immediately.
Dewani’s lawyers applied for his discharge at the end of the prosecution’s case, arguing that the evidence against him was so weak he should be acquitted.
Announcing her ruling, the judge said: “The accused is found not guilty of this charge. The application for discharging him is granted.”
The judge said the only reason not to grant the application would be in the hope that Dewani would implicate himself if he gave evidence. But to do so would be a “manifest misdirection”.
Ami Denborg (C), sister of Anni Dewani, leaves a court with family members in Cape Town on December 8, 2014. Photo: Reuters
Dewani walked out of the dock and down the stairs to the holding cell without any expression on his face. His family burst into tears and embraced each other after the verdict.
A clearly disappointed Hindocha family left the court immediately.
The judge said that she understood the plight of Anni's family, who had wanted Dewani to take the stand to get closure on the death of their daughter, but could not succumb to public opinion and had to apply the law.
Acknowledging the huge public interest in the case, the judge Ms. Traverso said she could not allow public opinion to influence her decision in applying the law, as if courts allow this, it would lead to anarchy.
Prosecutors in the six-week-long trial said Dewani was a closet homosexual, and "needed to find a way out" of his marriage.
Dewani admitted at the start of the trial that he is bisexual and visited male bondage prostitutes. But he also
insisted that he loved his new wife Anni and had no hand in what happened.
Ms. Traverso, the second most senior in the province, has made no secret of her dismay at the prosecution case. She rejected evidence about Dewani's sexuality as "irrelevant" and repeatedly lambasted the prosecutors leading it.
The judge spent the first two sessions of the morning highlighting in great detail, the inconsistencies in the evidence of the state's key witness, taxi driver Tongo, who is now serving out a jail term.
The entire story as told by Tongo is "highly improbable", the judge said.
The judge said that even if Dewani had entered the witness box, the state would be left with a weak case that would not pass legal muster.
"The court cannot cheery-pick from the evidence -- reliable corroboration is required," the judge said.
She discredited the evidence at the trial by Tongo, adding that the picture became even bleaker by this testimony for the prosecution's case.
Prakash Dewani, center, the father of British businessman Shrien Dewani, arrives at the high court in the city of in Cape Town, South Africa, on Dec. 8, 2014. Photo: AP
Dewani's legal team brought an application for his discharge application, if the court believed there was no credible evidence at the close of the prosecution's case.
Dewani's lawyer Francois van Zyl had argued that the prosecution's evidence was full of contradictions and "cannot safely be relied upon".
Dewani's trial started in October after he returned to Cape Town a few months earlier and spent time in an
institution for monitoring his mental health.
Dewani had fought a lengthy legal battle to avoid extradition to South Africa.

http://usat.ly/1yZzQhKFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Santa is coming. . . for your credit cards
If you really want to convince your kids they've received a letter from Santa, buying one off the Internet probably isn't the way to go.
Post to Facebook
Santa is coming. . . for your credit cards If you really want to convince your kids they've received a letter from Santa, buying one off the Internet probably isn't the way to go. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A65ZU0
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Santa is coming. . . for your credit cards
Christine DiGangi, Credit.com 12:02 p.m. EST December 7, 2014
If you really want to convince your kids they've received a letter from Santa, buying one off the Internet probably isn't the way to go.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
136 CONNECT 70 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
If you really want to convince your kids they've received a letter from Santa, practice your creative handwriting skills or ask a friend to write one — buying one off the Internet probably isn't the way to go.
While there appear to be some legitimate "Letters from Santa" businesses online and plenty of free downloadable templates, there are also people running similar operations who couldn't care less about getting letters to children. The Better Business Bureau issued a warning to consumers Monday about Santa letter scams, which are designed to steal your money and personal information .
The scam has a few faces. In one iteration, you may receive an email hawking handwritten letters from Santa, telling you to make your child's Christmas special with a personalized note and official "nice-list" certificate. You follow the link in the email to pay $19.99 for this limited-time offer, and in the best-case scenario, you lose $20. You may have also handed over your credit card information to a thief, exposing you to credit- or debit-card fraud .
Even free services may not be safe, the BBB warned. Your contact information is valuable, so the people running the letters from Santa site may sell it to spammers or identity thieves . While you're pressed for time this holiday season, make sure you're not letting busyness compromise your security. It's a good idea to shop with retailers you're familiar with, check to make sure sites are secure before you enter sensitive information, and make a habit of checking your bank statements for signs of unauthorized activity.
You should also keep an eye on your credit score, because a sudden drop may indicate fraud. You can get two of your credit scores for free with updates every 30 days on Credit.com. You may be at greater risk for credit- or debit-card fraud and identity theft during the holidays, but knowing what to watch out for and understanding how to respond to fraud will reduce the chances you suffer significant financial or credit damage.
More from Credit.com

http://usat.ly/1yte7knFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Merck buying Cubist Pharmaceuticals for $8.4B
To accelerate its entry into that market, Merck & Co. said Monday that it will pay $102 per share of Cubist, a 37% premium.
Post to Facebook
Merck buying Cubist Pharmaceuticals for $8.4B To accelerate its entry into that market, Merck & Co. said Monday that it will pay $102 per share of Cubist, a 37% premium. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8gvtW
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Merck buying Cubist Pharmaceuticals for $8.4B
John Waggoner , USA TODAY 2:05 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
Another big pharmaceutical deal was announced on Monday in a year notable for its big pharmaceutical deals. Merck said it was buying Cubist Pharmaceuticals for $102 per share in a deal valued at $9.5 billion. Newslook
To accelerate its entry into that market, Merck & Co. said Monday that it will pay $102 per share of Cubist, a 37% premium.
(Photo: Matt Rourke, AP)
51 CONNECT 52 TWEET 81 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Shares of Cubist Pharmaceuticals (CBST ) soared 36% Monday after Merck (MRK) announced it's buying the Cambridge, Mass. drugmaker for $102 per share.
Cubist Pharmaceuticals Inc. does advanced antibiotic research and is noted for its research on superbugs -- diseases that have developed immunity to antibiotic treatment.
The deal is valued at $8.4 billion and is a 37% premium to the company's average price the previous five days. Merck will also assume $1.1 billion in Cubist's debt.
"Cubist is a global leader in antibiotics and has built a strong portfolio of both marketed and late-stage pipeline medicines," said Kenneth C. Frazier, Merck's CEO.
Cubist is the maker of the antibiotic Cubicin and a group of other powerful antibiotics. Another antibiotic, Zerbaxa, is expected to get approval from U.S. regulators this month. The drug fights urinary tract infections.
Drug companies haven't been concentrating on antibiotics in recent years, but the rise of antibiotic-resistant diseases as spurred new interest in them.
Cubist stock was up $26.36 to $100.72 in afternoon trading. Merck was up 3 cents to $61.52.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A8gvtW
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Atlanta Mayor s unified immigration strategyatlanta mayor s unified immigration strategy
Protests planned for Monday morning on Capitol HillBy Dana Hedgpeth and Victoria St. Martin December 8 Follow @postmetrogirl Follow @VStMartin
Updated at 6:50 p.m.
Demonstrators were stopping traffic in the District on Monday evening in response to recent decisions in New York and Missouri not to prosecute police officers involved in fatal shootings.
A group of protesters arrived at Dupont Circle before 7 p.m., creating road closures in the area. Protesters previously had blocked several roads in downtown D.C. earlier in the evening.
Police are asking drivers to avoid the area and seek alternate routes.
Metro reported bus delays because of protests in the area between 18th and M streets and Dupont Circle.
DEMONSTRATORS are stopped at DuPont Circle NW & Mass Ave//Avoid the area//Rolling Road Closures. /7066
— DC Police Department (@DCPoliceDept) December 8, 2014
Original post:
Protesters said they plan to stage a “die-in” Monday morning on Capitol Hill — a move that could cause traffic delays for commuters.
The demonstrators are expected to try to block East Capitol Street and First Street NE in the Monday morning commute.
— Ferguson Liveuamap (@fergusonlum) December 8, 2014
Protestershold signs with names of those killed by police as they plan march and die In pic.twitter.com/APyVzdiOYB
— Armando Trull (@trulldc) December 8, 2014
In front of the Department of Justice building Monday morning, some demonstrators staged a “die-in.”
— Paulina Leonovich (@Polly_evro) December 8, 2014
According to some messages in social media, the protesters said they plan to try to tie up traffic in on Capitol Hill until 12:30 p.m.
— Think MOOR (@ThinkMOOR) December 7, 2014
#DCFerguson we are stil at 1st and east capitol #BlackLiveMatter
— Pete Perry (@pete4peace) December 8, 2014
Protesters also said that they were going to hold a demonstration around 8 a.m. Monday at D.C. Superior Court on Indiana Avenue NW.
https://twitter.com/2LiveUnchained/status/541805955823173632/photo/1
Some protesters also planned to stage demonstrations around 5 p.m. Monday near the White House and in Dupont Circle.
#DCFerguson action tonight to shut down Dupont Circle. 5PM meet at White House. #EricGarner #BlackLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/krt7iqr6kQ
— OurFriendKen (@Our_Friend_Ken) December 8, 2014
Protesters have been holding demonstrations throughout the District and in other major cities over the last week in response to recent decisions in New York and Missouri to not prosecute police officers involved in fatal shootings. The incidents involved the shooting of Michael Brown by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo. and and the death of Eric Garner, who died following what appeared to be a chokehold by a New York City police officer.
On Friday night, a large group of protesters blocked traffic near the Verizon Center.
Over the weekend, three men were arrested after protesting on the Eastern Shore. They were part of a group of protesters that marched from a middle school to an annual Christmas parade in Salisbury.
 
 
 
Dana Hedgpeth is a Post reporter, working the early morning, reporting on traffic, crime and other local issues.
Victoria St. Martin covers breaking news and Prince William County for The Post's Local desk.

McDonald s serves up another weak month of salesMcDonald's stock down as it serves up another weak month of sales
McDonald's
A McDonald's restaurant on the outskirts of Moscow July 25, 2014.
A McDonald's restaurant on the outskirts of Moscow July 25, 2014. (MAXIM SHEMETOV)
McDonald's key sales fall more than anticipated.
McDonald's sees margin pressure due to weak sales.
McDonald's prolonged sales slump is taking a bite out of profitability at its restaurants, the world's largest restaurant chain said Monday, pushing its shares down more than 3 percent.
Worldwide same-restaurant sales declined 2.2 percent in November, more than Wall Street anticipated. The biggest decline came in the United States, where the company had its steepest drop since June 2001. McDonald's U.S. same-store sales have not increased since October 2013.
8
Analysts expected same-store sales, a key indicator of company performance that measures sales at McDonald's locations open at least 13 months, to fall 1.7 percent, according to research firm Consensus Metrix.
Total overall sales as well as same-store sales  have fallen 1.1 percent this year through the end of November.
Along with competition in its home market from competitors including Chick-fil-A and Chipotle Mexican Grill, McDonald's has been dealing with the lingering effects of a supplier safety scandal in Asia and economic and political turmoil in Europe, particularly Russia. McDonald's is trying to win back diners with a mix of everything from mobile ordering and updated marketing to localized menus.
@segesta65: You'd think they would have figured this out by now.
Chauntikleer
2
As part of those initiatives, McDonald's is working on updating its menu, including letting customers in some locations customize burgers and chicken sandwiches with toppings such as guacamole and creamy garlic sauce. In the test, those "create your taste" sandwiches are delivered to customers' tables and presented open-faced in special metal baskets, rather than being presented in wrappers at the counter.
McDonald's said it is expanding its "create your taste" test from four Southern California locations to about 30 restaurants in Georgia, Illinois, Missouri, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin starting in December. It plans to expand the test to about 2,000 U.S. locations by the end of 2015, spokeswoman Lisa McComb confirmed Monday.
But even if "create your taste" reaches 2,000 locations, the vast majority of the chain's U.S. locations would not have the specialty ordering system.
Oak Brook-based McDonald's said its poor sales should "significantly pressure" fourth-quarter margins.  Along with the weak sales, McDonald's expects foreign currency fluctuations to reduce profit more than it anticipated as the dollar strengthens.
CEO Don Thompson and Mike Andres, the newly appointed president of McDonald's USA, will hold a two-hour discussion with investors on Wednesday, McDonald's said. Even before that meeting, analysts were reducing their expectations for fourth-quarter profit, which McDonald's plans to report in late January.
Shares of McDonald's fell 3.8 percent to $92.61. The Dow Jones industrial average, of which McDonald's is a component, was down 0.6 percent. McDonald's shares have fallen 4.6 percent this year, while the Dow has risen 7.7 percent.
Same-restaurant sales fell 4.6 percent in the United States, where analysts anticipated a 1.9 percent decline.
McDonald's poor showing in the United States is "a positive read" for rivals Sonic and Jack in the Box, which "have been gaining share at McDonald's expense," said Oppenheimer analyst Brian Bittner.
Sterne Agee analyst Lynne Collier said McDonald's strategies in the United States are not "meaningfully differentiated." She expects sales to remain under pressure into 2015.
Results continued to be weak in other parts of the world as well.
Same-restaurant sales in the Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa region fell 4 percent, slightly deeper than the 3.8 percent decline analysts had anticipated. McDonald's said it continues to feel the impact of the supplier safety issue in Japan and China.
The supplier issue is still expected to take a bite of 7 cents to 10 cents out of fourth-quarter profit, which the company tentatively plans to report Jan. 23.
Same-restaurant sales fell 2 percent in Europe, just steeper than the 1.9 percent decline analysts had anticipated. A good performance in the United Kingdom was not enough to overcome weak results in Russia and declines in France and Germany, McDonald's said.
Overall November sales, which include sales at newer locations, fell 6 percent, but rose just slightly when stripping out currency fluctuations.

How to manage your debt correctlyHow to manage your debt correctly
Simplus Information Services –  Wed 29 Oct, 2014 12:53 PM IST
Print
Not all debt or loans taken are bad. But they are still liabilities that need to be paid off. There is still a risk that the loans may erode your credit worthiness and mess up your finances. This could affect your overall financial stability.
In order to help you maintain a healthy personal finance portfolio, here are five important points that can help minimize the impact of loans:
1. Understand the Different Types of Loans: There are several types of loans that you can avail depending on what they are used for. Some of these – like education, business or house loans – help in building assets or improving your earnings. However, some borrowings, like car or personal loans can upset the delicate balance of your earnings against your liabilities. This also includes credit card purchases, which are treated as a loan if not paid within the due date. A loan availed, depending on its type and how well it is utilized, can make you richer or poorer over the length of its term. So, choose and act wisely.
2. Avoid Expensive Loans: A loan that attracts a high interest charge certainly eats into your earnings and denting your personal finances. Personal loans carry an interest rate of 25% per annum or more, while credit card debt attracts an interest of over 35% per annum. These are way too high. Once piece of advice – avoid these loans for as long as you can!
You have to earn more to pay off both the principal and the heavy interest amount. Also, the total debt can continue to grow in size over time if you are unable to keep up with the debt repayments. It could land you in a debt trap, where you default on payments and erode your credit worthiness.
3. Make Credit Card Payments on Time, Always: Finance companies and banks encourage you to make your purchases using a credit card that has a credit limit. The incentive for availing the credit through the card is that no interest is charged for a certain time period. This generally ranges from a month to two months. On receiving the bill along with a list of the items paid for, a cutoff date for making the payments is given. Should you, for any reason, be unable to make the payment within the due date, you become liable to pay interest the amount. This can be as high as 40%. To avoid an erosion of your personal finances, making timely credit card payments helps in availing a loan on which you pay no interest.
4. Consider Low Interest Debts: Living beyond your means can get you into a debt trap, but if you keep a track of your net-worth and avail an affordable loan, your personal finances will remain healthy. For example, you buy a big house or an expensive car by availing a large loan. However, the monthly Equated Monthly Installments (EMI) leaves very little of your take home salary to live a comfortable life. So, you end up complicating your personal finances. Ideally, it would be better if your initial down-payment amounts to 50% of the total payment. Then, not only would it be easier to service the loan, but it would also attract a lower interest charge.
5. Or Tax-Deductible Debts: Unlike all other loans, this is what you could term as good debt. For housing loans (mortgages), students’ loans and some types of business loans, the government offers you tax exemptions and deductions. This not only helps you build assets or improve professional qualifications, but also has limited impact on your personal finances. This is because the interest amounts paid in servicing the loan is returned in the form of tax-deductions. Your total tax liability reduces, thus helping you save money. It may, thus, be prudent to consider such forms of debt.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

Uber service banned in DelhiUber service banned in Delhi
Rupee falls  tracking broad dollar rallyHi Guest
Rupee falls, tracking broad dollar rally
The rupee weakened on Monday after a robust monthly US employment data sparked a global rally in the dollar and raised worries that any earlier-than-expected hike in US interest rates could dent foreign flows to emerging markets. Data on Friday showed U.S. employers added the largest number of workers in nearly three years in November, a sign of economic strength that was seen as potentially pushing the Federal Reserve towards a rate hike in mid-2015. Foreign investors have been key backers of ...

Dear traders & followers  requesting you all to use trailing sl as per...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I agree that one doesnt need to panic and sell . but its best to be ca...Silver Member
3 Followers
I agree that one doesnt need to panic and sell . But its best to be cautious and not venture into buying right now. Besides the founders havent revealed their plans for the remaining stake they own but its safe to assume that they would be more than happy to sell should the stock rise sharply.

I reduced ybrant stake by 20% today  moving money into cupid rubber an...Reposted about 5 days 18 hrs 53 min 44 sec ago by alpha1515
Just had a very long discussion today with Lycos people. Just two points to make....
1. This quarter profit will be way better than previous ones.
2. pls go thru next SHA and compare SKR`s holdings to previos ones.
Those raising doubts about promoters selling stakes should see the SHA..its was LGS directors who wanted to exit and rightly so...but that`s past and cleared off..SKR`s holding has been increased by 6 lac shares after he sold..pls compare SHA`s.
I`m getting more info on some critical issues but let me tell you this...this is gonna fly after December results..

Can i enter at current level  please suggestGold Member
13 Followers
You can enter if you are a long term investor. Minimum if you can hold it for 4- 6 months. You will definitely get good returns. Don`t look out for short term trading perspective.
In reply to : s chopra message
10.43 PM Dec 8th

New bill to bring aggregators like UBER under the lawnew bill to bring aggregators like uber under the law
Tock ready to take restaurant ticketing nationalTock ready to take restaurant ticketing national
Tock
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Grant Achatz, from left, Chief Technology Officer Brian Fitzpatrick and Nick Kokonas are prepared to take their restaurant ticketing system nationwide.
Grant Achatz, from left, Chief Technology Officer Brian Fitzpatrick and Nick Kokonas are prepared to take their restaurant ticketing system nationwide. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
By Melissa Harris and Jessica Wohl, Chicago Tribune
Tock, the ticketing system of Next, taken to the next level
For years, Nick Kokonas was warned.
No one would ever prepay for a ticket to eat at a restaurant.
For years, Nick Kokonas was undaunted.
He was collecting data, reams of it, showing prepaid tickets increased revenue and wiped out no-shows at Alinea, the restaurant he owns with chef Grant Achatz.
And now, Nick Kokonas is prepared.
He is unveiling a new company with Achatz called Tock, challenging OpenTable and taking restaurant ticketing nationwide.
Fueling the company are A-list investors, including chef Thomas Keller, of Napa Valley's The French Laundry and New York's Per Se; Twitter CEO Dick Costolo, who used to live in Chicago; chef Ming Tsai, of Blue Ginger and cooking-show fame; salesforce.com CEO Marc Benioff; and Chicago's Melman family, whose Lettuce Entertain You empire could supply an early and stable source of revenue for Tock.
  Open link
Next year, after a remodel at The French Laundry, Keller plans to switch his restaurants from phone and OpenTable reservations to Tock — meaning at least one-quarter of the Michelin three-star restaurants in America will run on Kokonas' system.
Guests at Per Se and The French Laundry will prepay for food but not beverages. Staff will call ticket holders ahead of their meals to gauge food preferences.
Typically, guests call exactly 60 days ahead to get a table at The French Laundry and 30 days out for Per Se.
"Who wants to be frustrated and aggravated trying to make a reservation?" Keller said. "This eliminates the aggravation and frustration that some of our guests go through just getting to the reservationists."
Tock options
Still, Keller is keeping traditional phone calls and OpenTable in place at his other restaurants.
"I'm not sure it works well for Bouchon," Keller said of Tock, noting less competition for reservations there.
8
And there is Kokonas' next challenge.
Can he convince dining establishments in that Bouchon-band — restaurants without prix fixe and tasting menus — that advanced tickets work?
Kokonas' solution is in the next version of the Tock software, which he and his staff are rebuilding "from the ground up" to offer options to restaurateurs, that would :
•Require prepayment just as Next does, with gratuity and taxes prepaid.
•Require for a reservation a $20 deposit, which is credited to the final bill.
•Offer dynamic-deposit tickets, in which a $20 deposit can be converted into a $30 credit if, say, you're booking on a Monday or Tuesday night, which are typically slower. For higher-end restaurants, dynamic pricing could mean a tasting menu for $65 to $95, depending on the night of the week, said Tsai, adding that he is still tinkering with the numbers for Blue Ginger.
This eliminates the aggravation and frustration that some of our guests go through just getting to the reservationists. - Thomas Keller
•Offer a ticket price of zero, which amounts to a standard reservation.
•Or require prepayment only for special events, such as a wine tasting or a New Year's Eve party.
Kokonas expects the next version of Tock to be ready in the first half of 2015.
"It's logical to assume we'd be interested in switching over our restaurants," said R.J. Melman, whose father, Richard, was an early investor in OpenTable. "When and how that will look and take place is something that we're still working out."
Jerrod Melman suggested Lettuce may not use the software as a ticketing system at all, meaning offering free reservations. That's a viable option because Kokonas intends to undercut OpenTable on price by about half, the Melmans said.
Meanwhile, Kokonas said OpenTable is planning a ticketing system of its own, a claim the San Francisco-based company declined to address.
0
"I think OpenTable has increased no-shows," Tsai said. "People make more reservations because it's easier, and just not show."
Tsai's Blue Ginger in Wellesley, Mass., will soon switch to Tock. Still, Tsai plans to keep using OpenTable for now, particularly to keep track of things such as food allergies, which Tock does not offer.He estimated his no-show rate at Blue Ginger can range from 2 percent to almost 8 percent some nights.
"If you lose that table or that seating, you don't ever get that money back." Tsai said.
Tock's new investors, including Chicago's Jason Fried of Basecamp and Kimbal Musk, brother of billionaire Elon Musk and a member of the boards of Tesla and SpaceX, will own 10 percent of the software company. Other partners include Kokonas, Achatz, Chief Technology Officer Brian Fitzpatrick, who walked away from Google to run the software development effort, and some Next investors, Kokonas said.
Kokonas declined to reveal how much Tock is valued at other than to say it is in the "tens of millions of dollars."
The longest wait
Kokonas, a former derivatives trader turned restaurateur, has a history in technology.
He said he learned how to code at 12 and continued through college, later investing in technology companies.
Persuading restaurants to adopt his software was a slow-going process, Kokonas said. The idea gained steam this year after his blog post — lengthy enough to be deemed a Jerry Maguire-esque manifesto — touting the idea, including actual Alinea revenue and no-show numbers before and after Tock's implementation.
"Essentially what I'm asking them to do is blow up their model," Kokonas said.
"Nobody wanted anything to do with it, which is really the hallmark of a good idea in retrospect," he added.
Kokonas envisions making the $695-per-month (pilot program price) service available to all "time-slotted businesses," including dentists and hair salons.
Tock would show customers which seats are available, just like booking for an airline. It can also save high-demand restaurants untold hours of answering phones only to disappoint callers who can't get through, much less get a table.
Among Tock's investors, Keller and the Melmans have been with OpenTable since its earliest days. Keller also is Achatz's mentor, a close enough friend that Achatz named one of his sons Keller.
"If you were to ask me, what's the one restaurant you want on the system over any restaurant in the world? That would be (The French Laundry)," Kokonas said. "It's hard to go to businesses that are successful and say we can make them even more successful. Really? Why don't you just go do it yourself? Thankfully, we did, but it took years of data to prove that, yeah, it really is better."
Kokonas is quite confident in Tock. He derided OpenTable as "the Comcast of the restaurant industry."
"You need your Internet service, but good luck trying to get a technician to help you out," he quipped.
Wylie Dufresne, chef and owner of WD-50 and Alder in New York, noted that there have been single days when 75 percent of WD-50's reservations were from OpenTable.
"OpenTable has been very helpful to us over the years in terms of giving people access to the restaurant and allowing people to book online," he said.
OpenTable counts about 32,000 restaurants as customers and says it seats more than 15 million diners each month.

The battle between Netflix and HBO is just beginningThe battle between Netflix and HBO is just beginning
Ted Sarandos
Patrick T. Fallon / WP-Bloomberg
Ted Sarandos, the chief content officer of Netflix, says Netflix must produce more original content before more of their competition start following the Netflix way.
Ted Sarandos, the chief content officer of Netflix, says Netflix must produce more original content before more of their competition start following the Netflix way. (Patrick T. Fallon / WP-Bloomberg)
By Cecilia Kang, Washington Post
Baseball
The battle between Netflix and HBO is just beginning, and this man holds the key
Ted Sarandos, the man who decides what shows and movies run on Netflix, was on a stage recently interviewing Norman Lear, the creator of some of television's most controversial and groundbreaking shows, like "All in the Family" and "Good Times."
Sarandos asked Lear if he considers himself a "provocateur" in the world of television.
Lear demurred. Then he turned to the audience and pointed to Sarandos.
"Does everyone in the audience know what this guy is up to?" Lear asked. "At one time it was Milton Berle," he said, referring to the legendary comedian and actor who became known as "Mr. Television." "Today it could be Ted Sarandos."
Remember that "Seinfeld" in which Elaine tries to drive one boutique out of business by spending tons of money at a similar shop nearby, only to discover they're both owned by the same person who irked her to begin with? ( Phil Rosenthal )
Sarandos is the Internet's Mr. Television, the man who has quietly amassed power in the deeply entrenched television industry and reshaped how consumers view television and movies online from his perch at Netflix, launching hits like "House of Cards" and "Orange is the New Black."
But after a decade as pretty much the biggest player in the world of Internet-streamed television, Netflix is getting some new competition, and from some of the country's most powerful companies. Time Warner's HBO, CBS, Sony, Showtime and Amazon are all aping the Netflix model: Let people skip cable and give them their favorite shows over the Internet.
With so many alternatives coming online, the question is whether Netflix will continue to be as important for its 36.2 million U.S. customers, many of whom have relied on Netflix as an alternative to cable. Netflix says its recommendation technology, which helps guide viewers to what else they might want to watch on the service, will give it an edge. But for the Silicon Valley company, its future will largely lie in the hands of its Hollywood guy.
8
Sarandos's rise symbolizes a new reality in the entertainment world. With the waning influence of cable bundles, and viewers picking and choosing what they want to watch from all over the Internet, the future of television has become a cutthroat race for whoever can produce the best shows. Netflix has spent $3 billion on acquiring content alone in 2014, even as subscriber growth in the United States is slowing.
Now with HBO and others treading onto Netflix's turf, the 50-year-old Sarandos, an affable, TV-obsessed college dropout turned Hollywood dealmaker, has a target on his back.
"When his first original, 'House of Cards,' came out, I joked with Ted, 'You're going to think this is easier than it really is by hitting a grand slam home run right away,' " said Leslie Moonves, chief executive of CBS, whom Sarandos considers a friend, mentor and sometimes a business rival. "But it's hard. It's about the negotiating process, how people view the content and many other things."
A TV-obsessed dealmaker
You're going to think this is easier than it really is by hitting a grand slam home run right away. - Leslie Moonves, chief executive of CBS
Sarandos could be cast in someone's show as the slacker hero. He was the fourth of five children of working-class parents. Their Phoenix home had the television running at all hours, "to deal with the chaos," he said.
His life revolved around TV. He rushed home from school on Tuesdays to see early afternoon episodes of "Happy Days." He kept track of time — when to study, when to eat — by the television schedule. He slept just three to four hours to watch Jack Benny and Dick Van Dyke shows slotted for overnight hours.
When Sarandos's sister and brother-in-law moved to Houston, he processed his grief through "All In the Family." He wept along with the television patriarch Archie Bunker as Gloria and Meathead left Archie and Edith's home.
0
He once watched five back-to-back episodes of "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman" with his family on a local Sunday broadcast, what he calls his first exposure to binge watching shows the way fans of "House of Cards" do now.
He enrolled in the local community college and worked on the school newspaper. But he spent more of his time writing about movies and TV than studying and eventually dropped out because of poor grades.
Sarandos was also having more fun at his job working at a local video store, bantering with customers about films and offering recommendations. Soon he took over management of the store and eventually ran the company's chain of eight locations. He learned about contract negotiations with Hollywood distributors. He widened his network. He drew closer to the orbit of television and film.
"I didn't realize then that I wanted to get into the business, but I knew I wanted to meet those people, those people in that little box," Sarandos said.
In 2000, he joined Netflix, which was then reinventing how people rented movies and taking on Blockbuster. From his spot as the chief content officer — the same job title he holds today — Sarandos began building his reputation as a behind-the-scenes operator in Hollywood, cutting deals for what shows and movies would be distributed through Netflix.
With rosy cheeks and a Sunday service haircut, Sarandos has a chipper demeanor that has helped him cultivate powerful and older allies.
He has powerful ties — his wife of three years Nicole Avant was a bundler for the Obama campaign and served as ambassador to the Bahamas. Sarandos and his wife are friends with other power couples in Hollywood, including Moonves and his wife, Julie Chen. He became friends with studio head Harvey Weinstein of the Weinstein Company and says he tries to model himself after friend Ron Meyer of Universal Pictures, who he says "never loses his temper or raises his voice."
"I've discussed the most obscure movies and documentaries with him that when you talk to somebody in our industry or even some the other heads of a studios, they have no idea what I'm talking about, but Ted knows everything from the film's plot to behind-the-scene production facts," said Weinstein in an email. "He's a true cinephile."
It was remarkable for any outsider — particularly from an unusual company like Netflix — to break into the upper ranks of Hollywood. It also helped that he had a blank checkbook from Netflix's chief executive, Reed Hastings, to license programs from companies like CBS and then create shows.
Now, Sarandos can't go to a lunch or cocktail party without getting pitched to pick up a film or television idea. His team in Beverly Hills weeds through dozens of email, phone and mail pitches each day. They bring about three or four ideas to Sarandos each day.
"Was there suspicion at first?" said Moonves, of the possibility that Netflix would somehow threaten CBS's business. "Sure. But here was a company willing to pay a fair price for our content. And that's really what CBS is all about, making sure our content is distributed on as many platforms as possible for a fair price."
The HBO threat
Netflix may have created a new mold for how people watch TV, but plenty of other companies are now imitating it.
Sarandos has long considered HBO to be Netflix's biggest competitor. He has said the company needs to become more like HBO, with its premier content, before HBO becomes like Netflix with compelling online technology.
And now, with HBO unveiling a new Internet-only service next year, that moment is arriving.
Netflix says it's ready for the threat of HBO, which will roll out its stand-alone Internet service next year. Netflix has more U.S. subscribers than HBO but lags in overall global users with 50 million subscribers compared to HBO's 130 million.
HBO, for its part, rejects the idea that it will compete directly with Netflix for online customers. Most consumers, HBO believes, will see the online services as complementary.
"Obviously we are a premium offering," said HBO chief executive Richard Plepler at a recent event in New York. "I think everybody understands while Netflix is a wonderful . . . option to catch up on shows . . . HBO is a very, very unique premium service and I don't think there is any confusion about that."
To stay ahead of the pack, Sarandos has his eye on upending the movie business.
He has argued to studios that the strategy of delaying the television and online releases of films many months after they show in theaters hurts creators. Why not bring the biggest audiences possible to movies, he has argued to studio heads, with simultaneous releases on Netflix?

Homes For Sale: Gourmet Kitchens for Holiday Gatheringshomes for sale: gourmet kitchens for holiday gatherings
Dana Hedgpeth and Victoria St. MartinRestaurant owner Mike Isabella wants to do “something new,” such as a Biggie-vs-Tupac dinner party.
Dec 16, 2014
The H Street pub celebrates Hanukkah, while the Shaw whiskey bar marks one year in business.
Dec 16, 2014
Washington’s second distillery since Prohibition will debut its vodka, whiskey and gin in January.
Dec 16, 2014
The winningly eclectic DJ duo, which hasn’t performed since 2006, will take over Little Miss Whiskey’s.
Dec 16, 2014
Watch “Gremlins” with cocktails inspired by the film, or stay up late to see “Die Hard.“
Dec 12, 2014
Seasonal cocktails, fire pits and toasted snacks make the season delightful
Dec 11, 2014
This week, wear your ugliest sweater to play bingo, a charitable happy hour or an Americana concert.
Dec 10, 2014
Bars host charitable happy hours and parties to raise money for local charities.
Dec 9, 2014
As temperatures fall, wrap yourself in the warm embrace of melted cheese.
Dec 5, 2014
Ring in 2015 with bands, buffets and black-tie parties
Dec 4, 2014
Load More
About
Fritz Hahn has covered bars, drinks and nightlife for the Washington Post Weekend Section since 2003, but he also writes about everything from Civil War battlefields to sailing classes. You can find him on Twitter and Instagram .
Most Read

Pics: India vs Cricket AustraliaLATEST PHOTOS
India vs Cricket Australia
Action images from India's two-day tour game versus Cricket Australia played on December 4 and 5, 2015 at Adelaide.
Prev Next
ADELAIDE, AUSTRALIA - DECEMBER 04: Players pay tribute to Phillip Hughes before the international tour match between the Cricket Australia XI and India at Gliderol Stadium on December 4, 2014 in Adelaide, Australia. (Photo by David Mariuz/Getty Images)
ADELAIDE, AUSTRALIA - DECEMBER 04: Players pay tribute to Phillip Hughes before the international tour match between the Cricket Australia XI and India at Gliderol Stadium on December 4, 2014 in Adelaide, Australia. (Photo by David Mariuz/Getty Images)
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
New Zealand vs Pakistan OD...
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
New Zealand vs Pakistan OD...
Australia vs India, 2nd Test
3 hours ago
Australia vs India, 1st Test
Tue 9 Dec, 2014 5:44 AM IST
Action images from the 1st Test between Australia and India played at Adelaide between December 9-13, 2014. Scores More » Australia vs India, 1st Test
Sri Lanka vs England, 6th ODI
Sat 13 Dec, 2014 1:12 PM IST
Flare Up: Warner vs Indians
Fri 12 Dec, 2014 10:40 AM IST
Virat Kohli had to play peacemaker to the warring Indians and Australians on the fourth day of the Adelaide Test. It all happened in the post-Tea session when David Warner was called back after being bowled off a Varun Aaron no-ball. Having been accorded a huge send off by the bowler, who was obviously … More » Flare Up: Warner vs Indians
5th ODI: Sri Lanka vs England
Fri 12 Dec, 2014 7:18 AM IST
Johnson Hits Kohli: The Bouncer Incident
Thu 11 Dec, 2014 5:48 PM IST
India captain Virat Kohli received a bouncer to his helmet on the first ball of his innings in Adelaide today. Kohli was shaken as was Mitchell Johnson, with memories of Phil Hughes fresh in everyone's minds. Kohli overcame the incident to score a fine hundred. Johnson too bounced back by dismissing … More » Johnson Hits Kohli: The Bouncer Incident
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Cricket Photos of The Week 7.12.14
Mon 8 Dec, 2014 3:58 PM IST
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
Sun 7 Dec, 2014 12:47 PM IST
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]

India Inc gen-next on the moveSave this video
Copy URL
Karan Adani of the Adani Group and Zahabiya Khorakiwala shares their views on their future plans as the next-gen of India Inc is already on the move.
28

Expert panel to rescue Air IndiaSave this video
Copy URL
To revive the fortunes of bleeding national carrier Air India, the govt is planning to form a panel to suggest plans to revive the carrier.
19

ECB leaves rates unchangedSave this video
Copy URL
The European Central Bank has kept its key interest rates on hold, leaving investors to look to comments later from President Mario Draghi for hints on any further stimulus. The bank decided to leave its main interest rate at 0.05 per cent.
10

Gold futures price falls on globalcues'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
Gold prices fell by Rs 96 to Rs 26,253 per 10 grams in futures market today as speculators offloaded their positions amid a weak global trend.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in current month contract fell by Rs 96, or 0.36 per cent, to Rs 26,253 per 10 grams in a business turnover of one lot.
Similarly, the yellow metal for delivery in February next year lost Rs 76, or 0.29 per cent, to Rs 26,560 per 10 grams in 205 lots.
Analysts said the fall in gold futures was mostly due to a weakening trend in the global market before US payrolls data that may show employers added more workers last month, boosting the case for an increase in borrowing costs in the largest economy.
Meanwhile, gold in Singapore dropped 0.2 per cent to USD 1,203.51 an ounce.
More from commodities
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

Rolling Stone UVA ApologyRolling Stone Backtracks on Explosive UVA Rape Story, Issues Apology
Dec 5, 2014, 2:42 PM ET
A view of Saunders Hall on campus at the University of Virginia on Feb. 28, 2013 in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Lance King/Replay Photos/Getty Images
Share
Copy
A stunning report about how rape is handled at UVA that sparked national outcry and prompted the university to suspend all fraternity activities for the year is now being called into question.
Rolling Stone magazine today began distancing themselves from the shocking story published last month about a student that the publication identified as "Jackie," who said that she was the victim of a gang rape by seven men at a fraternity party.
"In the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie's account, and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced," the magazine's managing editor, Will Dana, wrote in a letter published on the magazine's website.
UVA Frats Suspended Amid Rape Allegations
Dana said the author of the lengthy feature, Sabrina Rubin Erdely, did not talk to any of the students involved in the alleged rape before publishing the story out of respect for Jackie.
“We were trying to be sensitive to the unfair shame and humiliation many women feel after a sexual assault and now regret the decision to not contact the alleged assaulters to get their account," Dana wrote in the letter. "We are taking this seriously and apologize to anyone who was affected by the story."
In a series of tweets today, Dana further noted that the fault lay with the magazine.
"We made a judgment – the kind of judgement reporters and editors make every day. And in this case, our judgement was wrong," Dana said in one tweet.
"We should have either not made this agreement with Jackie ... or worked harder to convince her that the truth would have been better served by getting the other side of the story," Dana continued. "That failure is on us -- not on her."
The fraternity where the rape allegedly occurred has released a statement today denying the article's allegations.
"We have no knowledge of these alleged acts being committed at our house or by our members," the statement from the Virginia branch of Phi Kappa Psi reads.
University President Teresa Sullivan released a statement saying that the school is "aware" of the Rolling Stone announcement, but reiterated that they "first and foremost concerned with the care and support of our students and, especially, any survivor of sexual assault."
"Over the past two weeks, our community has been more focused than ever on one of the most difficult and critical issues facing higher education today: sexual violence on college campuses. Today’s news must not alter this focus," Sullivan said in the statement.
The fraternity where the rape allegedly occurred has released a statement pointing out three problems that its own investigation in conjunction with the Charlottesville Police Department has found in Jackie's story.
In the Rolling Stone article , Erdely used a pseudonym to describe the student that Jackie said invited her to a date function at the Phi Kappa Psi house in mid-September 2012 and later facilitated the gang rape. Jackie said that she met her date, "Drew," a junior, while working together as lifeguards at the university pool.
Page

Launch a Competitor to Your CompanyWant to innovate and know your competition?
Launch a competitor within your own company. Yes, internally.
Why? If you don't do it, someone else will.
How? Get a team of five (5) people from various areas. For ex. someone from Accounting, Legal, Sales, Marketing, Customer Service and/or Business Development.
What? Assemble the team, have them list weakness and problems the company has, and for them to provide solutions and launch a company that is stronger.
Result: You are taking people who know your company, realize it's problems/weaknesses and see the opportunities. Do you realize this might save your company, and you may own the market by owning both companies?
Did you know people quit their day job and do this on their own?
Recommend: Form a new entity such as an LLC, owned by your parent company, launch a competitor, create an operating agreement and grant the founding team a small stake before they go out and do it on their own time and dime and come after your customers.
____________________________
Questions, comments or if you would like to connect with Craig Zamary, please message Craig Zamary via LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=18761896&trk=spm_pic
Craig Zamary is a serial entrepreneur, on his 4th company and teaches in the Entrepreneurship Program at Kent State University. Craig is also a motivational speaker and speaks at events ranging from the classrooms to events on behalf of the US State Department, US Embassy, The Kauffman Foundation and others here in the US and globally.
More:

Avert a Medical Billing Disaster in 3 StepsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Is This About Net Neutrality  a Hostage Situation or Just Extortion It s Hard to Say.reddit
This is the computer screen I was confronted with while attempting to watch the latest episode of "Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D" , Season 2, online at ABC.com's site. It says:  "Select your provider." And what do you know? -- Time Warner Cable is not listed.
I had watched the previous show the night before and came back to see the new one, (and I did a Netflix-vid-binge of the first season last week -- cool.)  But getting this roadblock to my viewing and Time Warner Cable not being listed or ABC not giving me an easy option to view the show...?  This is not cool at all.
Isn't ABC TV a broadcast TV station? Why do I have to have permission from my cable company to watch this program online?
And who's kidding who?  Did you ever attempt to watch some of these shows online?  The screen bombs every 5-10 minutes or freezes or other nasty things. (Note: Don't touch the controls.) Or you wait to hear a row of the same commercials --such as the reasons to use "BOTOX" for migraines. Who knew that injecting "Botulinum toxin (BTX)" (which, according to Wikipedia can "cause 'botulism', a serious and life-threatening illness in humans and animals") was a good thing, except if it causes rashes or breathing problems? I even excerpted, below, the part which I could have memorized by now.  In fact, the companies get more of my attention when I'm watching online -- I should be rewarded not punished.
Conspiracy Theory? I note, it has been so bad when watching the TV show "The Blacklist" on NBC's online site that I thought Comcast and Time Warner were making sure that the 'off-the-cable TV' network viewing and using the broadband-Internet experience to view the show would suck so bad that it would force us back to on-time watching over the cable part of the network to avoid "cable TV-cord-cutting". (And I was far from the only person who had problems viewing, judging by the flame comments of others.)
It Appears this Sign-in Issue could be Akin to those Buzz-Word Filled Expressions like "Net Prioritization' or 'Fast Lane' vs 'Slow Lane' (or 'No Lane') -- But with a Twist.
Who is to Blame? Your provider has a monopoly on the wire. You have to use their Internet, their broadband, their cable service vs having a choice of providers. If they don't want to make a deal so you can watch what you want, since they control your selection, their priority is your loss; their fast lane is, well,  your you-can't-get-what you-want lane.
I blame Time Warner Cable, but since I don't know what went down, I'll blame ABC and throw in the Walt Disney Company; they could have just let me watch the show without this gatekeeper issue.
Wikipedia writes that "The ABC Owned Television Stations Group is a division of Disney-ABC Television Group that oversees the owned-and-operated stations of the American Broadcasting Company, a division of The Walt Disney Company."
I note that this same thing of having to 'log in' is common and happened when I wanted to watch, online, the latest "Hell on Wheels" show on AMC, a cable channel.  Time Warner Cable at least has a deal with them. (However, sneaky me, I used a different web browser which didn't have the official 'cookie' authentication to 'login-in' to capture this gem. The other browser remembers who I am and signs me in automatically...lucky me.)
Wikipedia writes : "AMC is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by AMC Networks. The channel primarily airs theatrically released movies, along with a limited amount of original programming. The channel's name originally stood for "American Movie Classics", but since 2002 the full name has been de-emphasized as a result of a major shift in its programming."
Net Brutality?
This is just going to get worse. Why did Time Warner not sign on with ABC? Why?  And this isn't just my problem.  I read part of a complaint about Time Warner -- same problem in North Carolina.
"Title II"? Net Neutrality?
For those of you that have heard of  "Title II" or the "Communications Act of 1934", I give you Section 202, which is part of a section called "Title II: Common Carriers".
Here's More about Title II
Net Neutrality? Simply put -- the phone and cable companies want your broadband and Internet connection to be "Title I" (an "information" service) to avoid Section 202, claiming it is not a telecommunications service under Title II.
Title II is known as "Common Carriage" for a reason. I shouldn't have to ask permission to see an ABC TV show and my provider, who has a monopoly over the wire, should either be required to make deal so that my experience is 'common carriage' -- I decide where to go without someone else getting in the way, or they compensate me for a violation of Section 202 or some other legal requirement.
(A very funny aside. When I used the spell checker, "Title I" was highlighted and it came back replacing the "I" with "me". How ironic. This is all about what 'they' want -- control. I can hear Time Warner and the other controllers of the wires singing "It's all about me, me, me".   And, using this model, "Title II" means it is not just "me", one person, but "us", which requires at least 2.)
Some might call this a business dispute.  This is about control -- and not from the business side but from the customer side -- at the end of the day customers lose.
The Mergers Just Exacerbate a Bad Situation.
Oh, and let's allow these companies to merge and get larger as there will be one owner for most of cable TV in America. Great idea. Combined, it gives these companies even more political power, but also control over a lot of the content as Comcast is a content provider and owns NBC, Bravo or Telemundo (and even owns Hulu).
And let's face it; the wired companies are out for blood. Comcast just complained about Netflix, again, in the last few days.  Adweek writes: "Comcast Tells FCC Its the Victim and Netflix Is the Villain". And there are reports all over the web about the problems with Netflix viewing and the ISPs. My own service stalls almost every other time I use it, especially if I move to a different part of the movie.
You don't have to hold a weather vane to know which way the wind blows. (I paraphrase Bob Dylan.)
Competition Over the Wires, "Open Networks" Is the Answer, Not Just Net Neutrality.
Unfortunately, most who are calling for Net Neutrality or Title II don't get the underlying issue -- It's all about one company 'vertically integrating', meaning controlling all of the primary services over the wire -- and now tying the broadband and Internet use to the cable companies' cable TV service, to block specific content.
I can't simply drop the Internet service and find some other ISP or broadband provider over the wires coming into my home.  The only other wire is Verizon, who is also pointing fingers at Netflix; who knows whether they are blocking or don't have a deal with other TV providers. (And Verizon continuously raising my local service rates over the last two decades didn't endear them to me.)
Moreover, the FCC has never been a good enforcer of laws and regulations and there is decades of history to prove it; from the FCC's failure to 'enforce' basic merger conditions to protecting your rights, much less the competitors' rights who offer you service, it was the FCC, with the phone and cable companies, that closed the networks in the first place, causing this lack of competition and Net Neutrality issues.
My Solution
Since this is the Christmas and Holiday Season, I wrote this letter, and returning to the opening of this tale of woe:
Dear Mr. Santa Claus,
Please send us the Avengers (Thor, Iron Man, the Hulk, Captain America) and S.H.I.E.L.D, (including Director Fury and Coulsen, his team, and Agent Romanoff) to open up these networks to competition, now.  Or at least tell ABC.com to let me watch the new shows online, regardless of the wicked ISPs holding us hostage.
Of course, if you want to know more, we hear that some of the elves are recommending a new book for this holiday season. See " The Book of Broken Promises: $400 Billion Broadband Scandal & Free the Net" .
P.S: I know you are busy this time of year, but did you happen to see my last Time Warner Cable Triple Play Bill ? Help America fix this Christmas tree of presents to the cable and phone companies that we pay for. That would be cool. (No pun intended about the North Pole.)
More:

FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs. 1 lakh croreNew Delhi, December 7, 2014
Updated: December 7, 2014 10:50 IST
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs. 1 lakh crore
PTI
foreign investment
Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs. 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year, primarily on account of government’s reform agenda.
As per the latest market data, foreign investors have purchased equities worth Rs. 9.60 lakh crore in 2014 so far, while they offloaded stocks to the tune of Rs. 8.6 lakh crore during the same period, resulting into a net inflow of Rs. 1 lakh crore (USD 16.57 billion).
These huge inflows included a net investment of Rs. 4,032 crore so far in December itself.
While foreign investment in the equity market exceeded Rs. 1 lakh crore mark in the past two years also, almost a month is still left in 2014 and the final tally for this year may be much higher.
According to market experts, improved fundamentals of the Indian economy, a decisive mandate to the BJP-led NDA at the Centre, various reform measures announced by the government have caught the fancy of overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub-accounts and Foreign Portfolio Investors).
They said that global interest rate situation will be key factor for future flows into India along with domestic growth indicators.
However, the inflow is significantly higher in debt compared to equities. Till date, it has attracted Rs. 1.55 lakh crore (USD 25.6 billion).
Total net investment by foreign investors (debt and equity segments) into India so far this year have reached Rs. 2.55 lakh crore (USD 42 billion).
Foreign investors had put in Rs. 1.13 lakh crore in the country’s equity market in the entire 2013 and Rs. 1.28 lakh crore in 2012.
Moreover, overseas investors had made a record net investment of Rs. 1.33 lakh crore in 2010.
The strong inflows have helped push the BSE index Sensex by about 27 per cent so far this year.
Since the beginning of June, Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator SEBI to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs).

Give the devil his dueUpdated: December 7, 2014 16:25 IST
Jingle bells
Give the devil his due
SHAILAJA TRIPATHI
Ad from the “Neighbour’s envy” campaign
Ad from the “Neighbour’s envy” campaign
TOPICS
television industry
A brilliant example of how sometimes negative becomes positive is the Onida Devil ad campaign. Don’t we remember the face of the devil, his sinister laugh, his fingernails and his tail all too well?
Probably never before in the history of advertising, a green, horn sporting devil, a negative character became such a huge selling point that the product became number one in the premium segment and stayed there from 1985 till 2000. Remember the devil who would emerge from behind an Onida TV with a smashed screen and mouth wearing a wicked smile, ‘Neighbour’s envy, owner’s pride’, the tagline that would join the gang of unforgettable one-liners. Onida TV had arrived, all the way from Japan with this visual shocker of a campaign, led by Advertising Avenues — founded by Goutam Rakshit, Ashok Roy and Gopi Kukde for Mirc Electronics. Indian company Mirc Electronics collaborated with JVC Japan some time around 1981 and introduced Onida to the colour TV market which had players like Crowne, BPL, Videocon, Salora and Dynora, etc.
“We decided to position it negatively for which we got a lot of flak. Our stance was when you have limited money, you can’t be doing casual communications. It had to be emotional and intimate. To get on top of our mind it had to strike a chord which not many ad campaigns manage to achieve nowadays. Our research showed that 50 per cent people hated the ad and 50 per cent loved the ad, but in private. The worst would have been to get ignored,” says Rakshit, Managing Director of the Mumbai-based ad agency.
To begin with, children were terrified of the devil and parents disliked the campaign for bringing a devil right into their drawing rooms, according to the feedback the agency received. But gradually, the devil became quite lovable. “He wasn’t a villain, people realised but someone who understood their desire to own a good TV,” adds Rakshit, who handled the marketing side of the campaign.
Model coordinator David Whitbread indeed made for a cute devil. “David had a cute face, funny teeth, expressive eyes and that’s why fit into the role well. But he was extremely conscious in front of the camera,” remembers Kukde, the man who created the devil. The art director of the campaign, Gopi based the character of the devil on what he had come across during his school days. “The image was close to what David looked like,” he says. The need for such a shocker emerged from the fact that the colour TV scene was already crowded.
“Onida was a late entrant. There were 20 brands already present but all of them were talking technical stuff which the audience didn’t get a hang of. Nobody had a story to tell and here was Onida which had 67 channels. It looked different and had a look similar to that of a flat TV of today. So we decided to give the viewers an emotion which conveys it all,” explains Kukde.
First came the print ad in 1982 and then came the TV commercial some time in 1983-84. The devil went on to become the brand mascot who would even appear in some spots without the product and the logo. “He had become quite popular and such a big brand ambassador for the TV. For a long time, the devil never sold the TV. What he would say was why envy your neigbour’s TV set when you can buy a quality TV yourself,” remarks Kukde.
Buying a TV was an aspirational and emotional thing those days and Roy, copy director of the ad, admits having exploited the fact through the campaign. “There was logic based on a weird thought. Those days, in a building six flats out of 10 would have a TV set. One would always be concerned about the brand the neighbour has and there would be comparisons. That someone would envy your TV was completely believable, and that’s how I came up with the line ‘Neighbour’s envy, owner’s pride’. We thought of a green-eyed dragon and so many other things and then Gopi created this devil,” says Roy. And the negative became positive.
Onida finally dropped the devil as its mascot in 2009 but before that, it had Ashish Choudhary, Rajesh Khera and Aamir Bashir playing the role of devil.

Hillary Clinton embraces Obamas failed Iran policyBy Jennifer Rubin December 7 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Hillary Clinton spinners who insist that there is a difference between her and President Obama on Israel, journalists looking for a juicy story about more distancing between Obama and Clinton and self-deluded pro-Israel Democrats who think she has real spine on Iran must be disappointed over her performance at the Saban Forum on Friday night.
Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton at the Massachusetts Conference for Women in Boston on Thursday. (Associated Press/Elise Amendola)
In a conversation with Democratic mega-donor Haim Saban , who is also a major Clinton backer, she essentially backed the president wherever possible and avoided saying anything controversial about Israel or Iran. Shocking, it was not, to conservatives. But it does suggest Saban and other Democratic donors are a cheap date when it comes to Israel. They expect very little from their inevitable nominee and that is exactly what she gives them.
According to news reports , she backed the extension of the P5+1 talks and insulted critics of the administration, insisting, “Forget about the press coverage and the back and forth. Nobody can argue with the commitment of this administration to Israel’s security.” Really — no one legitimately can observe that the administration’s scurrilous comments about the prime minister (and bragging it is now too late for Israel to strike) damages Israel; that accusing sanctions proponents of being “war mongers” undercuts the military option and may inhibit Israel if it needs to act in self-defense; that making concession after concession to Iran is cosigning Israel to live with a nuclear-capable genocidal state; that seeking detente with the country that pines for Israel’s destruction is injurious to Israel’s survival; that backing Hamas patron Qatar’s truce in the Gaza war and condemning Israel’s conduct of the war make it harder for the Jewish state to defend itself; that insisting negotiations with the Palestinians beginning from the unsustainable 1967 borders is a recipe for Israel’s insecurity; and that publicly blaming Israel for the collapse in peace talks feeds international efforts to delegitimize the Jewish state? Heck, Democrats have done all that.
More ominously, she suggests that none of those things are a problem for Israel’s security. So she could do the same and still claim to “have Israel’s back”?
The rest of Clinton’s spiel was predictable:
Clinton also defended the administration’s negotiations with Iran on its nuclear program, a key issue for Israel. Critics say Obama has not been tough enough on Iran, and criticized his decision to extend talks with Tehran until July, but Clinton said sanctions against the country have succeeded in their objectives.
“The extension of the agreement until July will most likely be a period in which the sanctions will hold,” she said. “My assessment is that the international sanctions have been effective.”
Still, she said that “no deal is better than a bad deal,” and insisted that “all options” must be left on the table, including, presumably, military strikes.
She also declined to criticize the administration’s handling of the terrorist militia known as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), saying “we’re in for a long struggle” against the group.
Saban, playing the political lap dog, did not press her on sanctions, did not ask if Congress should have a final vote on the plan and did not query her about U.S. concessions reported in the media. She was not asked what a “good deal” would look like and whether we must insist on dismantling, not just disconnecting, centrifuges. The furthest she would go was to repeat prior observations that the administration could have done more to aid protesters during the Green Revolution. (Someone not investing in her presidency should ask why the administration did not. Had she and the president by then already decided on a course of appeasement?)
“Hillary Clinton’s reported remarks on Iran at the Saban conference were disappointing in that she missed a big opportunity to distance herself from Obama’s policy and relied instead on mostly irrelevant platitudes,” says the CEO of the pro-Israel JINSA, Michael Makovsky. Yes, she reeled off the platitudes about “no deal is better than a bad deal,” but of course Susan Rice and John Kerry say that. “Indeed, she reportedly did not indicate support for any concrete relevant steps that the U.S. should take to pressure Iran to negotiate in good faith, such as tough new sanctions or ways to boost the credibility of our military option, or support for Israel’s military option.” He reminded me, “When he ran for the presidency and then for reelection Obama used a lot of tough-sounding rhetoric when speaking about Iran, which turned out to be no more than meaningless platitudes, and Hillary’s remarks at Saban suggests more of the same.”
Clinton’s performance raises a number of questions.
First, she met with the president at the White House earlier in the week, and certainly Iran must have come up. Did she promise not to publicly criticize him, or worse ask “permission” and was denied the leeway to show she would have a different sort of relationship with Israel than he? If she wanted to show she had views of her own and/or thought his conduct toward Israel was problematic she might have used the opportunity to explain to the president why she could not support further sanctions relief, did not think it was productive to harp on Israeli building and had real concerns about the U.S. being “played” in negotiations.
Second, her failure to put some distance there on a relatively easy issue when a large number of the U.S. Senate Democrats may wind up breaking with the president suggests great political weakness, even cowardice on her part. A GOP congressional staffer remarked that, apparently, “while some months ago she was distancing herself from President Obama’s single-minded efforts to bribe Iran with a slew of short-sighted nuclear capitulations, she’s now decided to embrace it.” Is she so afraid of a challenge from the left that on an issue this big she won’t inch away from Obama?
Third, as in past Israel speeches , she was lackluster and boring. One attendee told me, “One listener said the air went out of the room. Some people — admittedly there were jet lagged Israelis there — nodded off.” Trying so very hard not to make news, she aims to say nothing interesting and in that regard succeeds. This has been her problem since the book tour roll-out.
She might want to listen to David Axelrod, who helped orchestrate her defeat in 2008. In an MSNBC interview he reiterated his view that at “the end of the day you have to stand for something, fight for something.” Apparently, preventing a nuclear threshold state in Iran isn’t on the list.
Fourth, there is now not a dime’s worth of difference among Susan Rice, John Kerry, Obama (and Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul, for that matter) when it comes to Iran negotiations. All oppose new sanctions. None seem alarmed by the stream of concessions. None has any problem with yet another extension and the progress Iran continues to make (e.g. on its ICBM program). None seem to be concerned that we have frittered away leverage and therefore that the chance of a good deal is now next to nil. None appear to grasp that we need to apply more pressure to Iran or face the Hobson’s choice of war or a nuclear-ready Iran.
In polling, voters have consistently said they want a tougher Iran policy and that Obama has been too weak . If they want something different, they’ll have to find someone other than Hillary Clinton. She either does not believe there is much wrong with Obama’s approach or she lacks the nerve to say it. Either way, as the congressional staffer put it, “What she’s telegraphing to the world is that if you liked Obama’s failing foreign policy, you’ll love hers.”
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Raising funds for the International Rescue Committee: Helping rebuild the lives of Syrian refugees© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/4a8c4444-7a54-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kotak Mahindra Bank: Deal and afterKotak Mahindra  Bank
Rating: Overweight
Kotak announced on November 20 that it is set to acquire ING Vysya Bank at a share swap ratio of 725:1000, subject to requisite approvals. This implies a valuation of R160 bn for Vysya Bank, equating to 1.9x FY16e (estimates) consensus book and an 11% premium to the closing price on the day prior to the announcement. A strong presence in the south and a CASA (current account savings account) franchise is what Vysya Bank offers to Kotak in the pending deal.
Pro forma fair value range: Our sensitivity analysis examines the fair value range of the merged entity (Kotak-merged) after factoring in the potential costs and benefits of the pending acquisition, of R1,188-1,484 per share. Based on a pro forma fair value between our bull and bear case (R1,364) the difference to our target price would be 18%.
Potential synergies: The two most significant synergies we expect include fee income potential and cost savings on branch expansion, both adding 15 bp to RoA (return on assets) by FY17e, or about 10-15% of Kotak Bank’s standalone earnings and even higher over the medium term after completion of the integration process. Other synergies include the potential for higher savings account deposits and a potentially higher mix of retail loans.
Acquisition challenges: Upfront costs of the merger (legal, rebranding, technology, etc.) are likely to weigh on near-term profitability. The impact of higher provisioning on Vysya’s book and higher costs of savings deposits will likely peak in FY16e (with the latter partly offset by a higher SA mix), resulting in an adverse impact of 10 bp of assets—10% of Kotak Bank’s earnings. Cultural differences may impact productivity as well.
Change in shareholding pattern: We would expect the pending acquisition to help reduce promoter stakes from 40% to 34%. While the total foreign ownership in KMB will increase from 42.5% to 47.0%, FII ownership will dip from 34.6 to 33.6%. ING Groep has voluntarily agreed to hold its stake (6.5%) in the merged entity for a year.
Valuation: KMB (standalone) now trades at a 12-month forward P/AB (price-to-book ratio) of 4.7x versus its five-year average of 3.1x. Based on a sustainable RoE (return on equity) of 23.4%, we arrive at a target multiple of 4x using a single-stage Gordon growth model. Our TP of R1,253 includes a value of R339 per share for the subsidiaries.
Downside risks to our view are continuing weak macro and low leverage.
Synergy scenarios
Vysya Bank would be merged into Kotak once the companies have obtained all requisite approvals, which could take until the end of FY15 per management. In the scenario of the merger taking place we have attempted to take a look at the merged entity (Kotak-merged) after factoring in potential costs and benefits due to the merger to get a better sense of the impact on RoA arising from the union. Our analysis suggests that the pro forma fair value range of the Kotak-merged could lie between R1,188-1,484 per share.
P&L impact: We describe below the incremental impact of the merger on key parameters based on our scenario analysis for Kotak merged.
Margins: Re-pricing of existing Vysya Bank savings account deposits could negatively impact margins but also would be partly offset by both higher SA in funding mix as well as higher retail loan mix (tractor loans in which KMB has a significant presence).
Other income (fees): We expect the merged entity to benefit from a wider customer base, distribution network and product suite, which would translate into higher cross-selling of Kotak’s products. We see some incremental impact in FY16 itself, and we expect more gains to kick in the medium term post-merger.
Opex: We expect upfront costs related to merger (stamp duty, re-branding, technology integration, etc) to be offset by slower branch expansion as we see a lower need for KMB to grow organically post-acquisition. On an average Vysya Bank branches have a vintage of six years, which would already be contributing to the bottom line versus a new branch which would take two-four years to contribute. As  per our discussion with the management, the average cost incurred in setting up and operating a new branch could be R70-80m over four-five years (or R15m per branch/year on an average) after which the branch would break-even. We estimate that 75% of this amount or R11m per branch/ year on average could be the cost savings per branch and result in cost savings. For instance, if Kotak-merged halves its (Kotak’s) earlier plan of opening 150-200 branches per year, the cost savings from opening 75 less branches in FY15 could be R0.8 bn in FY15 based on current estimated costs.
Credit costs: Per our calculations, factoring in a 100% coverage ratio for Vysya Bank’s unprovided NPLs (non-performing loans) in FY16, we see an incremental impact (R0.85 bn) on the merged P&L (profit & loss account) which translates into an incremental 4bp (pre-tax) impact on FY16 RoA for Kotak-merged. We have been conservative here, but believe that the management will also take the conservative route in estimating NPL costs.
Profitability: Overall, we expect to see synergies to make RoA marginally accretive in FY16e. However, we do not see RoA of the merged entity reaching the levels of standalone Kotak Bank pre-merger in the near to medium term.
Challenges: We see challenges in terms of integration of two different banking cultures. Of the 10,000 employees of Vysya Bank, around 3,000 are unionised and come under the wage structure of IBA (the Indian Banks Association). While the salary levels are similar to the remaining employee base, wage increases would be determined by negotiation with the unions. Productivity too would be a challenge. Taking a leaf out of the previous merger of HDFC Bank and Centurion bank, where HDFC Bank had to write-off some assets from the acquired entity post-acquisition, a similar situation cannot be ruled out for this acquisition.
Shareholding pattern: We expect the pending deal to help reduce promoter stakes from 40% to 34%. Promoter stakes include Uday Kotak (which has the largest stake, at 39.7%), with family etc. holding the remaining 0.3%. Per RBI, promoter’s stake in KMB has to be reduced to 30% by Dec-16 and 20% by March 18. This all share deal significantly contributes in moving towards this goal. Total foreign ownership in Kotak-merged will increase from 42.5% to 46.9%, of which the FII ownership will be 33.6% (down from 34.6% for Kotak). ING Group has voluntarily agreed to hold their stake (6.5%) for one year from the date of deal execution and this would be counted in the FDI category for the merged entity.
By HSBC
TAGS: ING Vysya Bank Kotak Mahindra Bank
More from indianmarkets

HSBC asks: how big is ChinaSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

SpiceJet Plunges 13% Ahead of Board MeetingYou are here: Home Market
SpiceJet Shares Plunge 13% Ahead of Board Meeting
NDTV | Updated On: December 08, 2014 11:56 (IST)
Sensex Slumps 2%; Weakening Rupee Challenges Rate Cut Hopes
SpiceJet shares fell as much as 13 per cent on Monday ahead of a likely board meeting on Monday. In the last five days (including today), SpiceJet shares have fallen 30 per cent. The large scale cancellations of SpiceJet flights, followed by a crash in its shares, have led analysts to compare the Budget carrier with Kingfisher Airlines, which was grounded amid similar circumstances over two years ago. ( Track stock )
Here is your 10 point cheat sheet to the SpiceJet story:
1) SpiceJet's board will reportedly meet today to take up recapitalization and payment plan for vendors. SpiceJet owes Rs 700 crore to lessors and Rs 400 crore to other vendors.
2) Aviation regulator Directorate General of Civil Aviation has asked the budget carrier to prepare a payment plan by December 15.
3) DGCA's move comes after SpiceJet cancelled several flights over the last few days. India's second biggest budget carrier cut its fleet by about a third - from 35 Boeing planes to 22 in September.
4) "The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring," Sanjiv Kapoor said on Friday. The airline flew 42 Boeing planes at the end of last year, and it has cut its daily flights to 275 from 340, he said.
5) Worried over large scale cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA withdrew 186 of its slots on Friday. SpiceJet said the withdrawal of slots was a "natural outcome of revised fleet plan".
(Read: SpiceJet's media statement )
6) The DGCA also stopped SpiceJet from selling advance tickets beyond a month. In a statement, the company said, "SpiceJet believes this restriction will be counter-productive, and will be discussing the pros and cons of this cooperatively with the DGCA," the carrier said in a statement.
7) The regulator has also asked SpiceJet to refund the booking amount to the customers of cancelled flights in 30 days. In its statement, SpiceJet said refunds will be made within 10 days on average.
8) The regulator has asked SpiceJet to clear salary dues of all its employees in the next ten days. SpiceJet said salary of all employees will be disbursed by December 15. For future months, salary will be disbursed by the 7th of each month, it said.
9) Majority of India's larger carriers are loss-making. SpiceJet has lost money for five consecutive quarters and as of September 30, 2014, its total liabilities exceed its total assets by Rs 1,460 crore. The company urgently needs fresh funding, analysts say. ( Read the full story here )
10) SpiceJet says it is in early talks with potential investors about an injection of capital. The airline said in May it was in advanced talks with investors for funding but no deal materialized.
As of 11.55 a.m., SpiceJet shares traded 6.3 per cent lower at Rs 14.95 on the BSE and underperformed the broader Sensex, which traded 0.32 per cent down.
(With inputs from agencies)

Big surprise: Congress-backed NSUI sweeps Rajasthan University pollsMuslim conversion row: Balmiki had contested 2012 municipal polls on BJP ticket
Congress-backed National Students’ Union of India (NSUI) swept the Rajasthan University students union elections by winning the top four posts.
National Students’ Union of India (NSUI) bagged the posts of President, Vice-President, General Secretary and Joint Secretary, University PRO Bhupendra Singh Shekhawat said.
National Students’ Union of India (NSUI)’s Anil Chopra has been elected as the President of the students union, who defeated Shankarlal Gora of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) by a margin of 700 votes.
Anil Chouhan has been elected as Vice-President, Vijay Deep Singh Tamaria as General Secretary and Surbhi Meena as Joint Secretary, Shekhawat said.
Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad’s sole candidate Banshilal Bahara won the post of Research Students’s representative, the PRO said.
Poll results were announced amidst tight police security around the University area.
Votes were polled on August 23 and on the same day the elections were stayed by the single bench of Rajasthan High Court.
Later, the court cancelled the polls observing that Lyngdoh Committee Recommendations have been violated.
However, with widespread violent protest by students, the Divisional Bench of High Court asked the University to announce the results.
Reacting on the results, Pradesh Congress Committee Vice President Dr Archna Sharma said students were tired of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and voted against the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad students.
TAGS: ABVP NSUI
More from miscellaneous

Sebi considers new norms for issuance  listing of municipal bondsSebi considers new norms for issuance, listing of municipal bonds
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 13:42 IST
Photo: Reuters
To help channelise household savings and provide a new investment avenue, market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi)will soon come out with a new set of norms to enable issuance and listing of municipal bonds - a popular financial product in developed countries like the US.
Under the proposed framework currently under consideration of Sebi , municipal bonds would be debt securities issued by states, cities and other government entities which will use the money for infrastructure developments like buildings, schools, highways, hospitals, sewage systems and other projects for the public good.
An internal Sebi panel, the Corporate Bonds and Securities Advisory Committee (CoBoSAC) had constituted a sub-committee for specifying the disclosure and other requirements for issuance and listing of municipal bonds.
The sub-committee has submitted its report to the CoBoSAC, whose recommendations would form the basis to draft norms for way ahead of these bonds and the final guidelines would be put in place after going through a public consultation process on the draft norms, a senior official said.
Commonly known as 'muni bonds', these investment products are very popular among investors in many developed nations, especially the United States, where muni bonds have attracted investments totalling over $500 billion and are among preferred avenues for household savings.
These bonds can be issued by urban local bodies to finance infrastructure such as water supply and sanitation.
They serve as an efficient tool for local bodies to mop up funds and can be extensively tapped to meet funding needs of urbanisation, while providing a new investment avenue to the public and institutional investors.
The market for 'muni bonds' is yet to take off in India even though few municipalities here have offered such products in the past, while Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation in Gujarat was the first to launch such a bond way back in 1998.
While there is already an existing framework for issuance of muni bonds, including by the Ministry of Urban Development, there are no unified norms to bolster this nascent market.
The fresh push for muni bonds has come at a time when the regulators and the government are looking at ways to channelise household savings into the market to boost overall economic growth.
India's savings rate stood at little over 30 per cent of the GDP in 2012-13 fiscal while household savings rate was nearly 22 per cent during the same period.
In India, muni bonds were issued for the first time by a municipality in Gujarat, the home state of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Way back in 1998, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation had become the first municipality to come out with muni bonds.
Since then few others, including Greater Vishakhapatnam Municipal Corporation, had issued such bonds.
India would need more than $800 billion investments to cater to the urban infrastructure needs over two decades, as per industry chamber Assocham, and muni bonds can serve as an effective fund-raising instrument in this regard.
Besides the US, other countries with a developed muni bond market include Canada and Russia.

Aadhaar not mandatory for PF transactions: GovtAadhaar card
(The minister said that Aadhaar…)
NEW DELHI: Submission of Aadhaar card details by subscribers is not mandatory for any provident fund transaction, Parliament was informed today.
"No Madam," Labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya said in written reply to Lok Sabha on a query whether the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation has made it mandatory to submit Aadhaar Card details of employees for any PF transition.
The minister said that Aadhaar card is issued to resident of India. The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) has adopted multi-registrar model for enrolments.
Under the model, various non-government agencies such as banks, which, in the normal course of implementations of their operations interact with residents, are appointed as Registrar to enrol the residents.
The registrar enrols residents by deploying enrolment agencies. UIDAI has generated over 71 crore Aadhaar numbers so far.
Retirement fund body EPFO has recently decided to become a registrar of the UIDAI to facilitate enrolment of its subscribers who don't have Aadhaar numbers.
EPFO wants to seed over 4.2 crore portable Universal PF Account Numbers issued by it, with the Aadhaar number of subscribers.
Certain facilities like online settlement of PF withdrawal claims can be provided to all those members whose PF accounts are seeded with Aadhaar number as biometric details would help to facilitate the big financial transactions.
Meanwhile, the minister informed the House that the government has introduced a digital life certificate scheme for retired employees and has also launched a fund portability scheme recently.
The facility provides an option to pensioners to give life certificate remotely through the Jeevan Praman Portal. Aadhaar number is used for authentication of pensioners. Pensioners are not required to present themselves before the pension disbursing agency or produce other documents that his alive.
He also informed the House that at present 22.5 lakh persons have activated their universal PF account numbers (UANs) which will remain portable throughout the life of a subscribers.
The maximum number of 4.27 lakh UANs have been activated in Maharashtra followed by Karnataka (3.22 lakh) and Tamil Nadu (2.72 lakh).
FEATURED ARTICLES

India win blind cricket WC defeating Pakistan by 5 wicketsIndia win blind cricket WC defeating Pakistan by 5 wickets
PTI
Cape Town, December 08, 2014
First Published: 16:01 IST(8/12/2014)
India defeated defending champions Pakistan to win the 4th Cricket World Cup for the Blind.
Visually impared Indian cricket team. Photo : Blind Cricket WC'14 @BCWC2014
In reply to Pakistan's 389, India scored 392 with two balls to spare.
Except for their initial match against Pakistan, India won all games in the league, in which other participating countries were Sri Lanka, Australia, Bangladesh and England and hosts South Africa.
Pakistan beat England in the semi-finals, while India ousted Sri Lanka.
Visually impared Indian cricket team celebrating the victory. Photo : Blind Cricket WC'14 @BCWC2014
South Africa won the inaugural edition of the Blind Cricket World Cup in 1998, but the game has been in decline since then due to a lack of support from most national cricketing authorities, a fact lamented by Indian captain Shekar Naik as well.
Naik said the team was elated at having won despite the great odds and lack of support from the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI).
"Despite India being the richest cricketing country in the world and even managing the ICC, the BCCI still does not support blind cricketers," Naik said.
Visually impared Indian cricket team celebrating the victory. Photo : Blind Cricket WC'14 @BCWC2014
"PCB do not have much money, yet they are still encouraging their blind cricketers, even giving them a monthly salary," Naik added.
"We would do much better if we had that kind of support. The contribution from the Indian Sports Ministry of 25 lakh made it possible for us to come to South Africa and win, so I hope that we will get better recognition now."
The Indian team comprised 17 players and three officials. The number of visually challenged cricketers in India is 22,000, far more compared to the 4,000 in Pakistan and only 200 in South Africa.
The President of Blind Cricket South Africa, Francois Neethling, described the tournament as a great success, adding that  players learnt a lot from each other as they brought in new techniques to show their colleagues from other countries how the game can be improved.
Visually impared Indian cricket team after the finals victory. Photo : Blind Cricket WC'14 @BCWC2014 
 

Watch : Paul Rosolie calls off stunt after spending an hour in anaconda s gripprint
Paul Rosolie speaks during an interview at the the Discovery Channel offices in New York on December 3, 2014. AFP PHOTO / Timothy A CLARY
When naturalist Paul Rosolie wanted to focus attention on the destruction of the Amazon rainforest, he decided he needed a stunt guaranteed to get people looking.
So the staunch environmentalist offered himself as dinner to an anaconda -- and was prepared to be swallowed alive, filming every moment.
But in the end, Rosolie wasn't exactly ingested by the snake, disappointing viewers who expected a journey into the belly of the deadly beast.
Instead he let the anaconda coil around him before calling the mission off, fearing he might get seriously injured. 
Anacondas, the largest snakes in the world, typically suffocate their prey before ingesting it, making Rosolie's attempt all the more dangerous.
Rosolie survived, and now people all around the world have a chance to watch his harrowing struggle with the beast, after its debut broadcast Sunday night in the United States on the Discovery Channel.
The idea came to him after a decade spent working in, and working to save, the rainforest habitat, Rosolie told AFP. 
"Everybody on Earth knows that the rainforests are disappearing and most people can tell you how important they are, but still, not enough people are paying attention, not enough people realize this is such a problem."
The American activist said he was proud to take on the adventure, even though the prospect of dying was hard to swallow.
Watch the struggle
 An hour inside
To avoid suffocating, experts crafted Rosolie a specially designed carbon fiber suit, equipped with a breathing system -- as well as with cameras and a system to communicate.
"We didn't know if this was going to work, if I was going to be eaten, but we made sure that if I did make it inside the snake, I wouldn't suffocate," Rosolie explained after the ordeal.
The next challenge was trying to find a snake in the Peruvian Amazon jungle.
"We spent 60 days out in the jungle, camping, hiking, looking through swamps every night," Rosolie said.
Eventually, they found a female snake, which at, six meters (20 feet) long, fit the bill.
"When I went up to the snake, it didn't try to eat me right away," Rosolie recounted.
"It tried to escape. And when I provoked it a little bit, and acted a little more like a predator, that's when it turned around and defended itself."
In the end, Rosolie wasn't swallowed whole by the giant serpent, but instead wrestled with the beast as she coiled around him before he aborted the mission.
As the snake wrapped around a suited-up Rosolie -- at one point opening its wide jaws on his helmet -- the daredevil said she was squeezing his arm tight, which he feared might break.
"I felt her jaw on my helmet and I could hear a gurgling and wheezing," he said, after surviving the standoff with the snake.
His team looked on worried as his breathing strained and his heart rate slowed.
He told them he was feeling light-headed and as the anaconda squeezed tight around him, he called for help.
"Guys you need to get in here... I'm calling it I need help!" he said from inside the suit, prompting the support crew to rescue an exhausted Rosolie from the anaconda's powerful grip. 
"Her crush force was fully on my exposed arm so I just started to feel the blood drain out of my hand and I felt the bone start to flex and when that got to a point when I felt like it was about to snap, I had to tap out," he said.
Viewers on social media were swift in criticizing the show's misleading title after it aired Sunday.
"'Eaten Alive' to be retitled 'Eaten Alive: Just Kidding,'" said one user.
Another tweeted: "Eaten Alive? More like Briefly Drooled On By A Snake While Alive."
Anaconda doing well
He insisted his team was careful not to harm the snake and that he was the only one in danger.
"We didn't force the snake to do anything, we didn't ask from the snake anything out of the ordinary," Rosolie said, explaining that "snakes very often regurgitate if they're eating something and a predator comes by, they have to give up their meal so they can escape," he sadi before the program was aired.
The anaconda is now doing well, he said.
But Rosolie has faced fierce criticism from animal rights groups, including from PETA, who said "the snake was tormented and suffered for the sake of ratings."
Rosolie said he even received death threats.
But he wasn't fazed, saying the shock value is important to increase attention to his cause -- even if he was not exactly eaten alive.
A fund linked to the show was set up to raise awareness and money to protect the Amazon and could also allow for more research of anacondas in their habitat.
After the US showing, the inaccurately named "Eaten Alive" will air on December 10 in Finland, Denmark, Hungary, Poland and Sweden, and two days later in Australia, before being broadcast in other countries, including China and India.
Discovery said it expect at least three million viewers in the United States and a million others around the world. 

Olympics: IOC votes to allow extra Olympic s...International Olympic Committee
(The change is one of the key…)
MONACO: Sports fighting to win a coveted spot on the Summer Games programme received a boost on Monday when Olympic chiefs opened the door for them.
Existing sports will have to axe some events, though, to make room for the newcomers.
Meeting at the Grimaldi Forum in Monaco , International Olympic Committee (IOC) members agreed to drop the cap on 28 sports, voting instead to limit the Summer Games to 10,500 athletes and 310 events.
No limit on the number of sports, only a cap on events, means sports such as baseball, softball, squash or karate can now be added if room is made by another sport which enjoys multiple events.
"This movement to an event-based programme will offer more flexibility," IOC member Franco Carraro told members before they voted unanimously to accept the proposal.
Any evaluation of sports and events would be done in collaboration with the sports' international federations, the IOC said.
It will decide on the events programme for an Olympics not later than three years prior to the opening of the Games.
Members can now brace themselves for a period of intense lobbying ahead of the 2020 Tokyo Games, with baseball and softball in particular seeking a spot on the programme.
Golf and Rugby Sevens join the programme for the 2016 Games in Rio.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi rape case: Govt promises steps to bring Uber cabs driver to justiceMuslim conversion row: Balmiki had contested 2012 municipal polls on BJP ticket
Government will take all necessary steps to bring to justice the driver of Uber cab service who had allegedly raped a woman passenger here last week, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said today.
“The Government of India strongly condemns this dastardly act. It will be ensured that all necessary steps are taken to bring the offender to justice,” he said in a suo motu statement in the Lok Sabha.
Giving details of the incident that occurred on the night of December 5, he said the driver, who was absconding after the incident, was arrested yesterday from Mathura and was being produced before a Delhi court today.
“Following the clues at hand and through painstaking investigation, the culprit driver was zeroed down as one person from Mathura, owner of the vehicle Swift Desire No. number DL-1YD 7910. He has this vehicle registered with Uber Cab Service.
“The vehicle used in the crime has been found and brought to Delhi where it will be subjected to thorough forensic examination,” Singh said.
He said the victim, who worked in Gurgaon, had gone to Vasant Vihar with some friends and was returning home in the cab. She had dozed off for a while when she suddenly realized that the taxi was parked at an isolated place and the driver was trying to molest her on the back seat.
“She tried to raise an alarm but the driver threatened her of physical injury and then she was sexually assaulted in the car,” the Minister said, adding that after committing the crime the driver dropped her at her home at around 0100 hours and threatened her not to disclose the incident to anyone.
He said the woman, who had lodged an FIR at the Sarai Rohilla police station, was sent for medical examination and also counselled by an NGO volunteer authorised by Delhi Commission for Women.
Through a Zero Hour notice, Rajiv Ranjan (RJD) said the rise in such incidents in the country was to the extent of 35.8 per cent since the Nirbhaya incident in Delhi in 2012.
He said recently at Ludhiana in Punjab, a girl was raped by seven persons. The victim received 80 per cent burns as she was set on fire later.
In Haryana, a nine-year-old girl was brutally killed after several people raped her, he said demanding an inquiry in both the incidents.
Apparently referring to the recent rape of a woman executive in Delhi, he wondered as to when Delhi will be safe and secure for women.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Uber Cab
More from miscellaneous

Indian current account deficit for Q2 jumps to 2.1 % of GDPGold import surge widens India's CAD to 2.1% of GDP in Sep quarter
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 12:50 AM IST
A sharp rise in gold imports and a fall in export growth pushed India's current account deficit (CAD) to $10.1 billion (2.1 per cent of gross domestic product) in the financial year's second quarter, ending September, compared to $5.2 bn (1.2 per cent of GDP) for July-September 2013.
The deficit was $7.8 bn (1.7 per cent of GDP) in the first quarter ended June, according to Reserve Bank of India  (RBI) data. Despite the rise, the CAD remains within RBI's comfort zone of 2.5 per cent of GDP.
The CAD for the year's first half, April-September 2014, was $17.9 bn (1.9 per cent of GDP) as against $26.9 bn (3.1 per cent of GDP) for April-September 2013.
The balance of payments (BoP) was in positive territory. The accretion to foreign exchange reserves was $6.9 bn in the second quarter as against a drawdown of $10.4 bn in Q2 of 2013-14.
RBI said the increase in CAD was primarily on account of a higher trade deficit, contributed by both a deceleration in export growth and a rise in imports. The trade deficit expanded to $38.6 bn in July-September from $33.3 bn in the same period of FY14.
Reflecting weak global demand, merchandise export growth decelerated to 4.9 per cent in Q2 from 11.9 per cent in Q2 of 2013-14. Merchandise imports were up 8.1 per cent in Q2, against a decline of 4.8 per cent in the same quarter of 2013-14, largely due to a sharp rise in gold import.
The latter jumped 95 per cent to $7.6 bn in Q2 from $3.8 bn in the same quarter last year. The rise had continued in October, too, reaching $4.17 bn from $1.09 bn in October 2013, according to ministry of commerce data.
Rupa Rege-Nitsure, general manager and chief economist, Bank of Baroda, said the rise in CAD for Q2 was expected. Gold prices and inflation had both declined; with more disposable income, people were likely to buy more of gold.
The CAD might rise in the third and fourth quarters, too. For all of 2014-15, it is expected to be $39 bn (2.2 per cent of GDP) if the economy grows by 5.2-5.3 per cent, she added.
Net services receipts improved by 3.4 per cent in Q2, on a pick-up in telecom, computer and information services from their level a year before. The net outflow on account of primary income (profit, dividend and interest), amounting to $6.9 bn, was higher than in the corresponding quarter of 2013-14 ($6.3 bn) and from the earlier quarter ($6.7 bn).
Gross private transfer receipts at $17.4 bn were marginally up from FY14.
The BoP situation for the first half (April-September) showed improvement. A lower CAD and a rise in flows under the financial account resulted in an accretion to forex reserves by $18.1 bn, as against a drawdown of $10.7 bn in the first half of 2013-14, said RBI.

MDMK quits NDA  hits out at Modi govtMDMK quits NDA, hits out at Modi govt
Press Trust of India | Chennai Dec 08, 2014 02:35 PM IST
MDMK, led by Vaiko, today decided to quit the NDA alliance in Tamil Nadu alleging that the BJP government at the Centre was acting against Tamils and has betrayed the people of the state.
The MDMK District Secretaries meeting held here adopted an unanimous resolution to walk out of the NDA, the alliance it joined on the eve of Lok Sabha polls.
The resolution moved by party supremo Vaiko declared that "MDMK can no more be part of the BJP-led NDA as the saffron party-led government has been insensitive to a host of issues concerning Tamil Nadu including Mullaperiyar dam issue".
The district secretaries meeting, one of the top level wings of the party, urged that India should not support Sri Lanka.
"BJP has been acting against Tamils. Modi wished Mahinda Rajapaksa for elections (there). Modi government is silent on Subramanian Swamy's proposal for Bharat Ratna for Rajapaksa", the resolution stated.
The party also came down heavily on the BJP government's efforts on "sanskritisation of education."
The party alleged that the Modi government had not taken care of the needs of Tamil Nadu people. The government has given permission for review of Mullaiperiyar dam water level, it charged. "Modi is betraying people of Tamil Nadu," it said.
The resolution was critical of the "inaction" by the Centre on the Cauvery water sharing issue against the backdrop of Tamil Nadu continuing to press for setting up Cauvery Management Authority and its opposition to Karnataka's plans to build dams across the Cauvery river at Mekedatu.
The party termed the release of five fishermen, who were saved from death sentence following pardon granted by Rajapaksa, as a "drama" and accused the Centre of not solving the fishermen issue.
The MDMK joined the six-party grand alliance led by BJP in Tamil Nadu ahead of May Lok Sabha elections. Though the party contested seven seats out of 39, it could not win any. BJP and PMK, another partner of the NDA alliance, managed to win a seat each.
Vaiko has been critical of the Modi-led government in the last few months and Modi greeting Lankan President Rajapaksa at the SAARC meeting further widened the cracks. There was criticism by BJP leaders against Vaiko, with H Raja saying Vaiko was free to remain or leave the alliance.

Jet Airways locked at 10% upper circuit on heavy volumesJet Airways locked at 10% upper circuit on heavy volumes
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 03:24 PM IST
Jet Airways (India) has locked in upper circuit of 10% at Rs 403 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) on back of heavy volumes. The stock is currently trading at its highest level since October 2013.
At 1515 hours, a combined 8 million shares changed hands and there are pending buy orders for 238,470 shares on NSE and BSE.
Since November 25, the stock rallied 64% from Rs 245, due to falling crude oil prices. The benchmark CNX Nifty was down 0.31% during the same period.
On Friday, November 28, the company said the rating agency ICRA has upgraded the long-term rating for bank facilities of the company has been reinstated to “BB” (stable) and the short-term rating of “A4” has been reaffirmed.
 

CNX IT index down over 3%  Infosys extends lossesCNX IT index down over 3%, Infosys extends losses
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 02:33 PM IST
Shares of information technology (IT) companies were trading weak on the bourses with the National Stock Exchange (NSE) CNX IT index down over 3% dragged by Infosys after partial stake sale by promoters.
At 1427 hours, CNX IT index slipped 3.3% or 381 points at 11,156 as compared to 1% decline in the benchmark CNX Nifty. IT index hit a low of 11,136 during intra-day trade.
On BSE, S&P BSE IT index, too down 3.3% or 359 points at 10,498 after hitting low of 10,480.
Infosys, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), HCL Technologies, KPIT Technologies, Hexaware Technologies, CMC and Mindtree were down 3-5% on NSE.
Infosys, the largest loser among IT pack, was down nearly 5% to Rs 1,968, its lowest level since October 31, on NSE after the company its founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, and their family members sold a combined nearly 33 million shares of the company through open market.
 

MahaVitaran consumers may face 9% tariff hike from April 1MahaVitaran consumers may face 9% tariff hike from April 1
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 12:42 AM IST
Consumers of the state-run Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company (MahaVitaran) may face an average nine per cent tariff hike from April 1 next year.
MahaVitaran — which has a consumer base of 22.5 million — submitted its true-up proposal to Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) last week. Its annual revenue requirement (ARR) is Rs 56,000 crore and it has plead for an average nine per cent hike in its tariff for 2015-16.
MahaVitaran’s ARR and tariff proposal will come up for discussion at the technical validation session scheduled to be organised by MERC on December 24. The tariff revision will come into effect only after the regulatory body’s approval.
MahaVitaran’s move comes close on the heels of the state government’s decision to stop a monthly subsidy of Rs 616 crore given to subsidise power tariff of its consumers from December onwards. However,the government has continued a subsidy provision of Rs 90 crore given for cut in the tariff of agricultural consumers.
The preceeding Congress-NCP government was providing a total monthly subsidy of Rs 706 crore towards 20 per cent tariff cut since January made effective for various consumer categories.
However, a MahaVitaran official, who did not want to be named, told Business Standard: “The tariff hike is quite inevitable to fill up the gap between the revenue and expenditure. With an average nine per cent hike, the MahaVitaran consumers will have to bear additional burden of an average 50 paise per unit (for high-end consumers 70 paise per unit and for low-end consumers, 40 paise per unit). At present, the cost of power supply is Rs 5.56 per unit.”
The official said MahaVitaran had submitted ARR of Rs 48,000 crore for 2014-15.  MERC had, then, allowed for a total of 20 per cent tariff hike but it did not come into effect after the previous government had decided to cut 20 per cent tariff and provide a monthly subsidy of Rs 706 crore. MahaVitaran’s monthly collection is to the tune of Rs 4,200 crore.
According to the official, MahaVitaran’s power distribution will rise to 1,09,000 million units during 2015-16 compared to 95,000 million units in 2014-15. He said MahaVitaran’s distribution loss is 14.7 per cent.

Akhilesh Yadav inaugurates energy projects worth Rs 1 200 croreAkhilesh Yadav inaugurates energy projects worth Rs 1,200 crore
Virendra Singh Rawat | Lucknow Dec 08, 2014 08:50 PM IST
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday inaugurated 200 power sub-stations built at a cost of Rs 1,200 crore.
He said his government had been making efforts on power front and was on course to provide 24-hour and 16-hour uninterrupted electricity supply in the urban and rural areas, respectively, by 2016-17.
“Our energy sector roadmap has been lauded even by Union Power Minister Piyush Goyal as progressing in the right direction,” Yadav said.
On November 3, Yadav had met Goyal in New Delhi. He sought Rs 15,000 crore from the Centre for various energy projects. The meeting perceptibly broke the ice between the central and the state government.
At the meeting, the Centre assured to provide independent coal blocks worth 300-400 million tonnes to the state. This will help Uttar Pradesh thermal power plants, which have been facing coal supply constraints over the past several months, forcing them to operate at sub-optimal capacity.
Yadav further censured rampant power theft and illegal connections in the state.
Meanwhile, Yadav said certain developmental works were not explicitly visible, such as upgrading transmission network. He said, “Though, Samajwadi Party has surged ahead in development works, it trails in publicising its achievements.”
Last month, Samajwadi Party President Mulayam Singh Yadav had publicly admonished the Akhilesh government for failing to complete projects in time.
He had asked ministers to apprise him within two weeks of the most important works/projects completed by their respective ministry.
However, the state government and administrative machinery has speeded up pending projects, including Lucknow Metro Rail, IT City and the Agra-Lucknow Expressway.

Rs 1 10 000 crore investment in UP power sector by 2016-17Rs 1,10,000 crore investment in UP power sector by 2016-17
Virendra Singh Rawat | Lucknow Dec 08, 2014 08:49 PM IST
Investments to the tune of Rs 1,10,000 crore is projected to flow into the energy sector in Uttar Pradesh by 2016-17.
The investment would come from the public and private sector and joint venture projects in areas of power generation, transmission and distribution.
The Akhilesh Yadav government has accorded due emphasis to power as it is the bedrock of any economic development. Power shortage has often been cited as the main impediment towards faster economic growth in the state.
Power generation projects would take larger share of about Rs 65,000 crore investment in different projects, state Principal Secretary (energy) Sanjay Agarwal had said last week.
The state government is targeting to ramp up power availability to over 20,000 megawatt (Mw) by 2016-17 from the current level of 10,000 Mw from all sources.
Besides, transmission projects would entail investment of about Rs 22,500 crore. Much of this investment would flow towards setting up new sub-stations to increase capacity.
Power distribution projects would get total investment of about Rs 9,100 crore, while rural electrification projects would receive about Rs 12,500 crore.
“The government is keen on improving energy sector infrastructure and providing uninterrupted power supply. The three-time hike in the power sector budgetary support to Rs 28,000 crore is a testimony to this fact,” Uttar Pradesh Minister of State for Energy Yasar Shah said.
Besides low power availability, the state is also grappling with high aggregate technical and commercial (AT&C) losses of 42 per cent. The state targets to tame this figure to five per cent by 2017.
AT&C losses are sum of technical loss, commercial loss and shortage due to non-realisation of total billed amount. It includes power theft and losses during transmission and distribution.

Not joined BJP  nor received any invite: Amar SinghBy: Press Trust of India | Jaipur |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:06 pm
Former Rajya Sabha MP Amar Singh, who had recently met BJP leaders and praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on Monday sought to dismiss speculations that he has joined BJP or received an invite in this regard.
“I have not taken BJP membership, neither received any invite to join it nor waiting for it,” Singh, who is on a personal visit to Jaipur, told reporters at Pink City Press Club in Jaipur.
He said he is not affiliated to any party and would not hold any (political) post or portfolio for next 10 years. “I am living free. It would be foolish to aim and anticipate any post,” he added.
Singh said he found no shortcomings in Modi-led BJP government and its functioning until now.
“Inflation has been contained ever since Modi government came to power, prices of fuel and other goods have been reduced, Clean India campaign, high polling percentage in Jammu and Kashmir Assembly polls, Modi’s speech over black money in Australia…it all shows the country is witnessing a big change,” Singh said.
Denouncing Congress’s allegations against Modi government over black money issue, Singh said, “Opposition members are crying foul and making allegations pertaining BJP’s promises to bring back black money to the country.
Criticism for the sake of criticism is not good.”

Uber rape case: Cab driver remanded in custody | Delhi Govt bans service | CoverageCab driver
(A driver, working for Uber,…)
NEW DELHI: The driver working with US-based cab service provider Uber, arrested for allegedly raping a 27-year old women executive here, was today sent to three-day police custody by a Delhi court for questioning and recovery of the mobile phone used by him in the offence.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, who was arrested yesterday from Mathura in a joint operation by Delhi and Uttar Pradesh police, was produced with his face muffled before Metropolitan Magistrate Ambika Singh, who accepted the plea of investigators for his custodial investigation.
32-year-old Yadav refused to undergo Test Identification Parade (TIP), a process under the criminal law through which a victim identifies an accused, saying the girl has already seen his photograph in Uber's website and she will definitely identify him as the accused.
The accused declined to undergo the TIP even after a warning by the court that his refusal may go against him.
Soon after the court proceedings, while Yadav was being taken to the police vehicle, his face was uncovered giving a chance to photojournalists to click him.
While allowing the custodial interrogation of Yadav, whom the police has claimed to be a repeat offender, the magistrate said, "For thorough investigation and as the case property, i.e. mobile phone, is yet to be recovered, three days' police custody is granted. Let him be produced on December 11."
The proceedings saw Yadav being represented by advocate from Delhi State Legal Authority, Vinit Malhotra, who opposed the custodial interrogation, saying that the vehicle has been recovered and no purpose will be served by sending him in police custody as there were reasonable apprehension that he will be subjected to torture.
However, his request for sending the accused to judicial custody was rejected and the court allowed the plea of police that accused was required to be taken to the places associated with the offence.
Yadav, who was driving the cab, allegedly raped the woman on Friday night when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back to her home in north Delhi's Inderlok area.
Delhi Police said it may file an FIR against Uber as investigations so far have indicated "criminal negligence" and "abetment" to the crime on part of the company whose General Manager was grilled by the police today.
Uber's General Manager (Marketing) Gagan Bhatia who claims to be the in-charge of the company's India operations, during his daylong questioning has not been able to provide much information to the police regarding the company's operations and its policies.
"We are seeing whether a separate FIR has to be filed or it would be merged in the same FIR and under what sections we have to file it," said a senior police official.
The shocking incident, which took place days ahead of the second anniversary of the December 16 gangrape, has brought back memories of the horrific crime.
"It has been six months since this government came to power but nothing has changed. They used to blame the Centre when UPA was in power and they are now themselves skirting responsibility," said an Aam Aadmi Party worker who protested outside the Home Minister's residence.
  A group of AAP workers also staged a protest outside Lt Governor's office.
AAP vowed to raise the issue in Parliament and asked as to what steps the Government had taken to ensure security of women. "AAP will raise the Uber rape issue in Parliament also," tweeted AAP leader Ashutosh.
A group of NSUI workers also staged a demonstration outside the Home Minister's residence demanding strict punishment for the driver.
They also attacked the government saying nothing has happened "on ground" regarding women safety, as promised by the BJP during the election campaign.
Congress MP Kumari Selja said the laws exist, but it is the duty of the government to enforce them.
"He (the driver) has a history of crime. This also shows that our law has some anomalies which is why such people commit crime even after being jailed.
"It is important to enforce the law properly. I don't think under the new government anything has been happening on the ground (on women safety)," Selja said outside Parliament.
Union Minister Uma Bharti said it was important to change the attitude of the society towards women.
"Even after the Nirbhaya case, if such cases continue to happen then this shows that a speedy trial is required because Nirbhaya case took a long time to reach its end. Second, people should come out in support of women in such cases.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IT index slips 3% as Infosys hits sentiment |  Sensex seen losing 5% more in DecemberYou are here: Home > Collections
Tech stocks tumble as Infosys founders sell stake;outlook bullish
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 06.01PM IST
Tags:
Infosys
(The BSE IT Index underperformed…)
MUMBAI: The BSE IT Index underperformed other sectoral indices after index heavy-weight Infosys plunged in trade today. The BSE IT Index ended 3.18 per cent lower against 1.19 per cent fall in the Sensex.
Sentiment in Infosys turned bearish following 16 block deals in which four founder members of the company sold 25 per cent stake of their holding to raise $1.1 billion.
They sold 3.23 crore shares at fixed price of Rs 1,988 per share share in 16 block deals through Deutsche Bank.
A correction post mega block deal was on expected lines. However, founders selling partial stake doesn't indicate that fundamentals or earnings are at risk, say analysts.
"Sell-off by the founders has actually created a little kind of disappointment in terms of the price. These events do not impact the earnings or the longer term potential of the company's business. These events would play off over a period of time and if you look at from the value perspective from a slightly longer term perspective," said Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com to ET Now.
"The fundamentals remain to be quite strong, somebody who wants to build a long term portfolio should use this weakness as a good opportunity to enter at the current levels," he added.
The Infosys effect spilled over to other IT stocks and all stocks in BSE IT Index remained weak throughout the day.
According to analysts, the outlook of the IT sector continues to be positive. IT players have strong order books and enjoy profitable margins. The correction should be used as an opportunity to start nibbling in certain small quantities.
"The US macro numbers the payroll data that came in are quite encouraging. We are looking at a stronger US dollar and a weaker rupee so obviously this should play out in FY16 and this would be a good time to look at large cap stocks like TCS, HCL Tech or a Infosys," Gorakssakar added.
Infosys (4.88 per cent), Oracle Financial Services (3.23 per cent), TCS (2.51 per cent), Mindtree (2.48 per cent) and KPIT (2.36 per cent) were among the top sectoral losers in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Axis Bank cuts deposit ratesDec 08, 2014, 06.06 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Axis Bank cuts deposit rates
Staying in step with the State Bank of India, Axis Bank on Friday cut interest rates by 17 basis points to 75 basis points on deposits of less than a year. For deposits above one-year, rates have been reduced by 15 basis points to 25 basis points.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Axis Bank cuts deposit rates
Staying in step with the State Bank of India, Axis Bank on Friday cut interest rates by 17 basis points to 75 basis points on deposits of less than a year. For deposits above one-year, rates have been reduced by 15 basis points to 25 basis points.
Post your opinion here
 
Staying in step with the State Bank of India , Axis Bank  on Friday cut interest rates by 17 basis points to 75 basis points on deposits of less than a year. For deposits above one-year, rates have been reduced by 15 basis points to 25 basis points. Furthermore, the maximum that the bank is offering on maturities is 8.9 percent.
Axis Bank stock price
On December 10, 2014, Axis Bank closed at Rs 471.80, down Rs 5.05, or 1.06 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 506.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 216.68.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 28.46 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.58. The latest book value of the company is Rs 161.80 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.92.
RELATED NEWS

ISQ to acquire Rajasthan toll road from Malaysian firm for Rs 525 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
ISQ to acquire Rajasthan toll road from Malaysian firm for Rs 525 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 8:  
I Squared Capital, through its ISQ Global Infrastructure Fund, has agreed to acquire 100 per cent stake in Jaipur Mahua Tollways Pvt. Ltd. (JMTPL) from IJM Corporation, Malaysia, for Rs 525 crore (as disclosed by IJM Corporation to Bursa Malaysia).
I Squared Capital is an independent global infrastructure investment manager focusing on energy, utilities, and transport. ISQ has a global infrastructure fund with over $ 2 billion. It has a Singapore-based platform, which invests into roads and infrastructure projects primarily in India
The acquisition initially will be for a 74 per cent ownership interest, with the remaining 26 per cent subject to approval from the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI).
The 109 km toll road operates under a 25-year concession along National Highway 11 in Rajasthan. The road has been in operation since 2009.
This transaction follows a recent $20 million periodic maintenance programme of the road. IJM had previously invested about $50 million in equity and shareholder loans during the construction period.
Gautam Bhandari, Partner at I Squared Capital, said, "We believe Indian toll roads offer attractive risk-adjusted returns and provide direct exposure to the growing consumer economy.”
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Ahead of Imran Khans rally  clashes between protesters  security forces turnfatalBy: Associated Press | Islamabad |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:44 pm
Demonstrations in one of Pakistan’s largest cities turned deadly on December 8 as one person was killed in clashes between protesters and security forces. The death seems certain to further inflame a mounting confrontation between the government and a former cricket star-turned-politician who has questioned the country’s election results.
Tensions have been escalating for weeks between the government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Imran Khan’s Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf party, which alleges widespread vote rigging in the country’s 2013 elections which brought Sharif to power. Khan has vowed to shut down a number of Pakistani cities as part of his campaign to get a recount of the votes.
Demonstrators clashed with police, many in riot gear, and other protesters. Pakistani television showed images of protesters hurling rocks and pushing against lines of police.
Dr. Tauseef Iqbal at the main hospital in Faisalabad said they had received one body of a man who appeared to have been killed by a bullet wound. Three other wounded people including one policeman had also been brought to the hospital, he said. It was not immediately clear who shot the victim, and police did not respond to repeated requests for comment.
Pakistani Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid confirmed the death, and promised that a man who was shown on local television footage firing a gun would be arrested and prosecuted.
Both sides blamed the other for the violence. A police official in Faisalabad said that groups of Khan supporters had been gathering at various spots around the city and clashing with authorities and with supporters of the prime minister. Shireen Mazari, a spokeswoman for Khan’s party, said their supporters had been peaceful and blamed Sharif’s Pakistan Muslim League-N, saying they had attacked first.
A spokesman for the Punjab provincial government told Geo TV that the people clashing with Khan’s supporters were not aligned with the ruling party, but Faisalabad is a major stronghold for the Sharif government.
Khan is expected to address a rally in the city later Monday.

Congress urges writers to boycott Raipur literaturefestivalWritten by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Raipur |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:40 pm
The political controversy over the Raipur Literature Festival took a new turn on Monday as the Congress urged the participant writers to boycott the event, organised by Chhattisgarh’s Public Relations Department from December 12-14.
The Congress argued that the festival should be boycotted as the state “is still in mourning” following the recent deaths of women after failed sterilizations in Bilaspur, killings of CRPF men in Sukma and the worsening condition of paddy farmer due to the cap on procurement.
“We called several writers including Ashok Vajpeyi, Purushottam Agrawal, Jaishankar and Jaya Jadwani and apprised them about the situation here. Even terahvins of CRPF jawans have not taken place. It is not the appropriate time to organize it,” PCC chief Bhupesh Baghel said in a statement.
The government has already cancelled the performances by Kailash Kher and Indian Ocean that were scheduled in evenings after literary sessions.
Director (PR) Rajat Kumar, however, said: “The planning of this festival is going on for several months. We understand that the state has witnessed some unfortunate incidents recently, and have already cancelled some performances. It is unwarranted to cancel literary dialogues, which only give an opportunity to discuss crucial issues.”
The Congress has also complained to the Election Commission that the government is spending crores to promote itself when the model code of conduct has been enforced for the upcoming municipal elections. “In the garb of literature, the BJP is doing its election canvassing,” Baghel added.
While Congress claimed that these writers have promised a “review” of their decision to participating in the event, some of these writers told The Indian Express that they would not boycott it as “literature does not amount to entertainment.”

Sadhvi Jyoti issue: Rajya Sabha impasse ends after Chairmans statementBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:38 pm
After a week-long impasse, Rajya Sabha on Monday resumed normal functioning after Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti was virtually censured by Chairman Hamid Ansari for her controversial remarks and a compromise reached in back-channel talks.
Ansari, without naming Jyoti, said that everyone, including ministers, should maintain civility in public discourse at all costs.
“This House, while acknowledging the statement of Prime Minister, made in this House on the December 4, appeals to all members of the Parliament, ministers and leaders of all political parties to maintain civility at all costs in public discourse for the successful functioning of Parliamentary democracy and to uphold our commitment to constitutional values,” the Chairman said reading out from a prepared text.
After the Chairman’s statement, the House went ahead with the scheduled business, leading to hopes in the government about passage of key reforms bills.
Proceedings of the House had been washed out the entire last week as a united opposition kept demanding resignation or sacking of Jyoti.
The breakthrough was reached at a meeting called by Ansari around noon today of government and opposition leaders after the House again saw uproar and four adjournments over the demand for Jyoti’s sacking.
The meeting was attended by Leader of the House Arun Jaitley and Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu from government side.
From the opposition side, the meeting was attended by leaders of nine parties — Congress, Samajwadi Party, Trinamool Congress, Janata Dal (United), BSP, CPI, CPI(M), DMK and NCP — which have been pressing for a joint resolution condeming the remarks.
The statement, read out by Ansari, was prepared at this meeting after tough negotiations, sources said. The government wanted the word ‘acknowledging’ in the statement to be replaced by ‘endorsing’ or even ‘appreciating’ but the opposition rejected this, they said.

Lenovo launches S8 tablet at Rs16 990By: Tech Desk |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:36 pm
Lenovo has tied up with Flipkart to launch the S8 Android tablet in India at Rs 16,990. The tablet will stand apart for its dual front facing stereo speakers with built in bass and full-HD infinity screen with a brightness of 350 lumens, the brightest in the range.
The tablet will have a Intel SoC (system on chip) quad core processor to augment the HD expereince and battery life.
It is only 20.25 cm thick and weighs 299 gms but comes with 8MP AF rear and 1.6MP HD front cameras equipped with a dual LED flash.
The S8 is LTE ready and enables users to browse and stream Full HD Movies anywhere. The tablet will come with useful apps for sharing content between devices as well as securing you against theft and malware.
The jet black color of the tablet gives the perfect blend to the sharp infinity screen, the release said.
Specs:

http://usat.ly/1CYEzp1FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Huge fire lights up Los Angeles sky
Los Angeles County firefighters battle a fire at an apartment building under construction next to the Harbor CA-110 Freeway on Dec. 8 in Los Angeles. The building was not occupied.
Post to Facebook
Huge fire lights up Los Angeles sky Los Angeles County firefighters battle a fire at an apartment building under construction next to the Harbor CA-110 Freeway on Dec. 8 in Los Angeles. The building was not occupied. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8gxSC
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Huge fire lights up Los Angeles sky
Los Angeles County firefighters battle a fire at an apartment building under construction next to the Harbor CA-110 Freeway on Dec. 8 in Los Angeles. The building was not occupied. 
Eric Politzer via Eric Politzer Photography for USA TODAY
Los Angeles County firefighters battle a fire next to the Harbor CA-110 Freeway. 
Damian Dovarganes, AP
Los Angeles firefighters battle a massive fire. 
Michael Meadows, European Pressphoto Agency
Two hundred Los Angeles firefighters work at the scene of the fire. 
Mike Meadows, European Pressphoto Agency
Firefighters pour water onto the fire. 
Michael Meadows, European Pressphoto Agency
An apartment building under construction burns in Los Angeles. 
Damian Dovarganes, AP
Firefighters pour water onto a burning building. 
Damian Dovarganes, AP
Los Angeles firefighters work to control a massive fire as it destroys a seven-story building. 
Michael Meadows, European Pressphoto Agency
Los Angeles County firefighters battle a fire at an apartment building under construction next to the Harbor CA-110 Freeway. 
Damian Dovarganes, AP
An apartment building under construction burns next to the Harbor CA-110 Freeway. 
Damian Dovarganes, AP
Firefighters spray water on the blaze. 
Paul Buck, European Pressphoto Agency
Firefighters work at the scene of a fire. 
Damian Dovarganes, AP
The burning building is hosed down by firefighters. 
Damian Dovarganes, AP
Los Angeles County firefighters work at the scene of the blaze. 
Damian Dovarganes, AP
Los Angeles County firefighters battle a fire. 
Damian Dovarganes, AP
Firefighters work at the scene of the blaze. 
Michael Kofsky for USA TODAY
Fullscreen
Los Angeles firefighters and state highway workers watch as an apartment building under construction smolders after a massive fire along State Route 110 that engulfed the site near downtown Los Angeles on Monday, Dec. 8, 2014. Crews battled two large fires in Los Angeles early Monday, including one downtown that closed portions of two major freeways and blanketed the area in ash and heavy smoke. (AP Photo/Nick Ut) ORG XMIT: LA104 
Nick Ut, AP
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Come together via LyncSubmit
By downloading this white paper you understand that your name and contact information will be shared with Microsoft, and that Microsoft may contact you concerning products and solutions presented in the white paper. Microsoft respects your privacy. Please read the Microsoft online Privacy Statement
To know about money control privacy statement click here
  Please wait...
Partner Opportunity in the Microsoft Ecosystem
The Total Economic Impact Of Microsoft Lync 2013
Microsoft Office Crosses The Cloud Rubicon
Five keys to partner success in SMB with Office 365
50 ways to use Office 365 for Education
Modernizing your workplace with the new Office
How to build high-performance cloud businesses
WAIT!
Get latest Whitepapers that will  help you enhance your business
Name*

The not-so-humane way humanely raised chickens are being raisedBy Roberto A. Ferdman December 8 Follow @robferdman
The barns behind the chicken breasts. (Bob Andres/AP Photo)
Craig Watts is a North Carolina chicken farmer who raises more than 700,000 broiler chickens each year for Perdue farms, one of the largest poultry manufacturers in the country.
Watts says he has been raising chickens for Perdue for more than 20 years, tending to the chicks delivered to him by the company and following Perdue's guidelines for how to raise the birds. Perdue labels all of its chickens as "humanely raised."
For a long time, Watts went along with things as they were. But then he allowed the group, Compassion for World Farming, to spend months at his farm with cameras documenting the conditions.
"This stuff is not advertised," Watts  told animal welfare group Compassion for World Farming . "The consumer is being hoodwinked."
The result is this video, which isn't kind to Perdue:
The chickens depicted look sickly. Their breasts are so enlarged that they end up spending disproportionate amounts of time squatting to relieve their legs. They also suffer from lameness and limping, as well as heart and lung problems. Nicholas Kristof, who grew up on a farm, admitted to never having seen anything similar, in an Op-Ed this week :
Most shocking is that the bellies of nearly all the chickens have lost their feathers and are raw, angry, red flesh. The entire underside of almost every chicken is a huge, continuous bedsore. As a farmboy who raised small flocks of chickens and geese, I never saw anything like that.
The physical toll the chickens endure as a result of their genetic make-up only appears to be exacerbated by the physical reality of circumstances in which they're being raised. The birds are confined to a space smaller than a square foot, and frequently spend their entire lives atop mounds of feces. The result is that many birds—more than 1,000 per 30,000 bird flock—die within the first six weeks.
The video flies in the face of Perdue's marketing, and it undermines the credibility of labeling that has been vetted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Look no further than Perdue's own promotional video  from 2011 for evidence. Jim Perdue, the chairman of Perdue Farms, dangles phrases like "humanely raised" and "do the right thing":
Perdue Farms, for its part, holds that it's Watts, not the company, that is being negligent.
"It is clear from the video that he is not following our guidelines and has been negligent in the care of his flock," the company said today in a statement. "We send a team of poultry welfare experts to visit his farm and assess the condition of his current flock, and will take whatever steps are needed to assure their well-being."
Leah Garces, the director of Compassion in World Farming, takes issue with this. "Craig [Watts] and I did an analysis of how he is following those guidelines, and he is following them to the letter," she said. "He has been following their standards for 22 years. He has even been a top rated producer in Perdue's own tournament system—in all of the flocks we filmed he was a top producer.
Perdue sells its chicken with a label that says both "humanely raised" and "raised cage free." The former claim seems debatable, especially considering how nearly one million of its birds are being raised each year—whether within the company's guidelines or not. And the latter is arguably misleading, because it applies to virtually all chicken meat sold in the United States. Egg-laying birds are often raised in cages, but broiler chickens—those raised for slaughter—are not. In that sense, marketing that chicken meat comes from chickens that were "raised cage free" isn't all that different from touting the fact that coffee beans were not grown in Siberia (coffee beans, for the record, are not grown in Siberia).
The problem is that these claims, however misleading they might be, are actually pretty effective sales pitches. A recent survey showed that the vast majority of consumers prefer cage-free "humanely raised" labels, according to Kristof.
Compassion in World Farming isn't shy about placing some of the onus on the USDA. The government does have a list of labels that must meet certain requirements in order to be used by meat producers on their packaging, such as "organic," "free range," and "no antibiotics." But the terms that Perdue is using, like "humanely raised" and "raised cage free" aren't regulated by the government in the same way. Instead, they are  based on The National Chicken Council's animal welfare guidelines , an industry-created standard.
The USDA doesn't approve the label so much as verify that it meets the standards the industry decided it should meet. Samuel Jones, a spokesperson for the USDA, confirmed the process. "Some companies pay the USDA to verify that they're meeting specific processing points," he said. "If it's cage-free, and they want us to verify that they are meeting their set guidelines, that's what we do."
A lot of this nuance can be lost on consumers, who aren't aware that labels are often defined by the industry, not by the government.
Perdue Farms, for its part, holds that audits by the department and independent third parties, as well as internal audits help "ensure that our chickens are raised appropriately."
The USDA didn't immediately respond to a request for comment on the frequency with which chicken producers request the verification of "cage-free" or "humanely raised" claims. Nor did it immediately respond to a request for comment about the video released by Compassion in World Farming.
This isn't the first time Watts has helped source a rare glimpse into an otherwise extremely secretive meat industry (a topic which journalist Christopher Leonard explores in depth in his new book The Meat Racket ). Watts was a leading source in a recent Reuters feature about the pervasive use of antibiotics in the chicken industry. This time, however, it's the chicken's well-being that is front and center.
"I can't speak for a chicken—all I can say is what I observe," Watts tells Garces. "And no, they're not happy. And they're definitely not healthy."
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.

Stock futures lower after China  Japan data disappointsWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange
BRENDAN MCDERMID,, REUTERS
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Afghanistan: US  NATO end Afghan combat command after 13yearsBy: Associated Press | Kabul |
Posted: December 8, 2014 7:18 pm
The U.S. and NATO closed their combat command in Afghanistan on Monday, more than 13 years after invading the country in the wake of the September 11 terror attacks to target al-Qaida and Osama bin Laden.
Though quickly routing the Taliban-led government that sheltered the militants, the U.S.-led coalition soon found itself spending billions of dollars rebuilding a country devastated by almost 30 years of war while an insurgency grew as the invasion and occupation of Iraq quickly took America’s attention.
As NATO’s International Security Assistance Force’s Joint Command, which was in charge of combat operations, lowered its flag Monday and formally ended its deployment, resurgent Taliban militants launched yet another bloody attack in the country.
And with U.S. President Barack Obama allowing American troops to go after both al-Qaida and Taliban militants in the country into next year, the fighting likely won’t be over anytime soon.
“I don’t think the war will slow or stop during the winter, as attacks on cities are not contingent on the weather,” Afghan political analyst Wahid Muzhdah said. “I believe attacks in the cities will increase-they attract media attention.”
Monday’s ceremony saw the NATO flag of the command folded and put away amid the foreign troop withdrawal. From January 1, the coalition will maintain a force of 13,000 troops in Afghanistan, down from a peak around 140,000 in 2011. As of December 1, there were some 13, 300 NATO troops in the country.
U.S. General John F. Campbell, commander of NATO and U.S. forces, said foreign troops now will focus on training and supporting local Afghan forces, which have led the fight against the Taliban insurgents since mid-2013.
“The Afghan security forces are capable,” Campbell told The Associated Press. “They have to make some changes in the leadership which they’re doing, and they have to hold people accountable.”
But as local troops stepped up, they now face record-high casualty figures that have risen 6.5 percent this year, to 4,634 killed in action, compared to 4,350 in 2013. By comparison, some 3,500 foreign forces, including at least 2,210 American soldiers, have been killed since the war began in 2001.
U.S. President Barack Obama recently allowed American forces to launch operations against both Taliban and al-Qaida militants, broadening the mission of the U.S. forces that will remain in the country.
They also will be permitted to provide combat and air support as necessary, while Afghan President Ashraf Ghani also considers resuming controversial night raids that could see Americans take part.
Up to 10,800 U.S. troops will remain in Afghanistan for the first three months of next year, 1,000 more than previously planned, said a NATO official who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss troop deployments.
As a result, there will be little, if any, net drop in U.S. troop numbers between now and December 31, when continued…

After Connaught Place  wi-fi service launched at New Delhi railwaystationBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 7:10 pm
Close to 5 lakh passengers travelling via the New Delhi railway station, the busiest in the country, will now be able to connect to the internet through the wi-fi service, which was launched at the station here today.
Terming internet as a “new necessity”, Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu said efforts are on to make maximum use of science and technology, particularly information technology to provide better facilities to passengers.
“Today we have launched wi-fi service at New Delhi station. This has become a necessity for the people,” he said after launching the service here.
People thronging the station can now access wi-fi internet on any of the 16 platforms free of cost for an initial period of 30 minutes after which they would be required to register for the same using their mobile phones.
Beyond 30 minutes, the user would have to purchase scratch cards costing Rs 25 for 30 minutes and Rs 35 for an hour and valid through 24 hours, which will be made available at 24X7 wi-fi helpdesks on the concourse at the Paharganj and Ajmeri Gate sides of New Delhi railway station.
Prabhu said Railways is planning to provide the facility at all major stations, and trains also to connect the common man.
“Our Prime Minister’s dream is that there should not be hi-fi but wi-fi. It should not be limited to only a few people but to common people also. We are trying to provide this facility to more and more stations as soon as possible.
“We are finalising an action plan for this and besides stations, we will provide it on trains also. This is a beginning today, but it will not be confined to one station only,” he said.
The project is being implemented by RailTel, a railway PSU which is mandated to provide the service.
The total cost of the project is Rs 50 lakh and an amount of Rs 16 lakh will be spent annually to run the facility.
The wi-fi facility is to be provided at 75 major category stations within a year.
It is to be launched on a trial basis at Agra, Ahmedabad and Varanasi by the end of December and at Howrah, Mumbai’s Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus and Secunderabad stations by January next year.

Country-wide alert as 5 SIMI men may be planning terrorstrikeBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:55 pm
High alert has been sounded across India that five members of the banned SIMI, who had fled from a Madhya Pradesh jail in 2013, are planning to carry out terror strikes on instructions of Pakistan’s spy agency ISI.
Based on the inputs provided by the central intelligence agencies, all states have been asked to look for Mohammad
Aijajudden, Mohammad Aslam, Amjad Khan, Zakir Hussain Sadiq and Mehboob Guddu, who have been given the task to carry out terrorist attacks, official sources said.
Karnataka, Maharashtra and Rajasthan have been specifically alerted and told that the terrorists could be hiding in the three states, they said.
“Unn logon ko aacha project diya hain, kuch din intezar karo (These people have been given an important project. Wait for sometime),” one of the intercepted conversations of an ISI official and a handler says.
The last known locations of at least two fugitives happened to be in Karnataka.
On October 1, 2013, the five, along with Faisal, the leader of the gang, and another prisoner, made an audacious escape from the district jail in Khandwa in Madhya Pradesh after scaling a 14-foot wall.
While the seventh prisoner surrendered the next day and Faisal was caught in December last year from Barwani in Madhya Pradesh, the five accused are still at large.
Interestingly, Mehboob’s mother Najma Bee has disappeared from their home in Khandwa a few months ago and is believed to be hiding along with her son.
The suspects’ footprints have been found in Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu.
The group is suspected to be involved in a bank robbery in Karimnagar (Telangana) on February 1, 2014, blast in a Bangalore-Guwahati train at the Chennai Central station that killed a young software engineer, on May 1, 2014 and the July 10, 2014 explosion near Faraskhana and Vishrambag police stations in Pune.
The five were jailed in the first place in June 2011 on charges of murdering policemen, attempts to murder, bank robberies and for inciting communal tension while working for terror group SIMI.

Micromax Canvas Selfie has 13MP cameras on both sides  but no priceyetBy: Tech Desk |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:53 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:48 pm
Micromax Informatics Limited has launched the Canvas Selfie, a smartphoned designed primarily for the image-conscious women with  13MP rear and front cameras. CEO Vineet Taneja launched the phone with IPTL stars Sania Mirza, Ana Ivanovic, Kristina Mladenovic and Daniela Hantuchova.
HTC had recently announced the Desire Eye , the first phone with 13MP cameras on both sides. The Micromax cameras use a Sony Sensor and the app comes with inbuilt beauty tools like Eye Enhancement, face slimming and skin Smoothening. However, HTC seems to have better software at the moment.
Equipped with a 4.7-inch HD IPS display protected by a Corning Gorilla Glass 3, the Android Kitkat phone is powered by a 1.7 GHz Tru-Octacore processor from MediaTek.
The phone has a 2300 mAh battery and 2GB RAM. The 16GB ROM is good for those who like to click a lot of photos and can be expanded to 32GB if needed.
The pricing will be revealed later.

http://usat.ly/1s4gDffRisky stuff you're doing on your work computer
Here are five employee behaviors that could cause data breaches.
Post to Facebook
Risky stuff you're doing on your work computer Here are five employee behaviors that could cause data breaches. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A3pFYP
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Risky stuff you're doing on your work computer
Kelly Santos, Credit.com 8:02 a.m. EST December 6, 2014
Here are five employee behaviors that could cause data breaches.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
249 CONNECT 35 TWEET 272 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
With technology driving business growth, more companies are implementing bring-your-own-device policies in the workplace. Almost two in three IT professionals believe employee carelessness is connected to major data breaches that exposed customer information, according to a study by IT security firm Check Point. With the risk of employees causing data breaches of customer and corporate information, employers should consider potential problem areas that could leave sensitive details vulnerable.
Here are five employee behaviors that could cause data breaches .
1. Browsing on social media
Social media may be most dangerous for cybersecurity. About 36% of respondents log into their computers to look at social media sites, according to a survey by GFI Software/Opinion Matters. While browsing through a friend's post online looks harmless, massive data breaches in the past have been caused by social engineering attacks.
2. Shopping online
The same GFI Software said about one-third of all respondents used their work computers for online shopping. Since online shopping retailers store financial information, cyberattackers may target these sites to steal information through unsecured connections and look for unencrypted information. People browsing on the Internet for purchases might also click on a link to a malware-infected site or suspicious websites requesting their credentials.
3. Downloading games on business devices
Although there are tons of games available online, many of these apps might be malware in disguise . Fake games were a major source of malware infections, especially on third-party app stores that are not equipped to scan for malicious software, Forbes reported .
4. Uploading corporate documents with unsafe connections
With more employees spread out in different branches, hubs and more, online collaboration has increased in importance. Employees often upload corporate documents to share and get input from their colleagues. However, when these connections or websites are not completely safe, cybercriminals could get their hands on this information. Firms should ensure workers use Wi-Fi connections that are absolutely secure.
5. Not telling the IT department of threats
While companies may or may not have policies that require employees to use their business devices only for work, there are things that go wrong that may remain unreported. IT security professionals may be unaware of malware or other threats on mobile devices because workers failed to raise the alarm, which could leave threats undetected.
While these five activities are dangerous for businesses, they can also be risky for consumers too. The same malware that you download to your work computer you can just as easily download to your personal computer or smartphone. Be sure you're doing everything to protect your identity . Monitoring your financial accounts and credit are the first line of defense. You can get your credit reports for free once a year under federal law . You can also check your credit scores for free on Credit.com to monitor for any sudden, unexpected changes that may signal your personal data has been used by fraudsters to open accounts.
More from Credit.com

http://usat.ly/1G8czeKFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Scooter maker Razor woos adults with Crazy Cart XL
LAS VEGAS -- Think of it as bumper cars for adults. Razor, best known as maker of those kids' scooters that caught on like wildfire a few ago, has come up with some that could prove just as viral for adults.
Post to Facebook
Scooter maker Razor woos adults with Crazy Cart XL LAS VEGAS -- Think of it as bumper cars for adults. Razor, best known as maker of those kids' scooters that caught on like wildfire a few ago, has come up with some that could prove just as viral for adults. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CZmbw4
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Scooter maker Razor woos adults with Crazy Cart XL
USA TODAY's Chris Woodyard talks to Ali Kermani about Crazy Cart, an adult drifting go-cart from Razor, the scooter maker. Leslie Smith/USA TODAY
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 11 a.m. EST December 8, 2014
Ali Kermani, vide president for Razor, shows off the Crazy Cart at the SEMA show in Las Vegas
(Photo: Dan MacMedan, USA TODAY)
193 CONNECT 15 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
LAS VEGAS — Think of it as indoor go-kart racing for adults. Only you can drift. And you can do it in your own living rooom.
Razor, best known as maker of those kids' scooters that caught on like wildfire a few years ago, has come up with some that could prove just as viral for adults.
It's called  the Crazy Cart XL, an electric cart that can tear laps around the living room. Plus, it has a lever that lets it drift. SEMA is serious enough about it for the adult market that one of its executives drifted it around the hallways of the convention center here  for the SEMA after-market car parts show a couple of months ago.
Yes, you can ride it around the house, but there's no downplaying how much speed it can develop. Razor says it goes 17 mph, can go up to 40 minutes on a single charge and runs off of lead-acid batteries. The XL is the adult version of a car that's already on the market for kids.
Razor's Ali Kermani, who demonstrated the cart at the trade show, says the cart's secret are its caster wheels underneath, like those found on a sofa, and a bar that the driver lifts to give the cart the ability to spin, like a drifting race car.
The tough news for Razor is that it sounds like it's going to miss deliveries before the holidays. The company is taking orders, however, with a suggested retail price of $799.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CZmbw4
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Select panel adopts draft report on Insurance BillLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Select panel adopts draft report on Insurance Bill
There are two key recommendations of this select committee; the FDI cap of 49 percent will be a composite cap, which means that it will include all types of foreign instruments.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
The government's plans to hike FDI in the insurance sector to 49 percent is now a step closer, CNBC-TV18 learns from sources that the select committee has adopted a draft report.
There are two key recommendations of this select committee; the FDI cap of 49 percent will be a composite cap, which means that it will include all types of foreign instruments.
Secondly, the definition of ownership and control will be embedded in the Act itself. The significance of this recommendation is that once it is in the Act, it can’t be changed through executive order.
Sources further add that TMC, JD(U) and SP are likely to submit dissent note on this report. The report will be submitted on either December 11 or 12.
RELATED NEWS

Why CEO charisma really matterswhy ceo charisma really matters
Protests planned for Capitol Hill  other D.C. locationsBy Dana Hedgpeth and Victoria St. Martin December 8 Follow @postmetrogirl Follow @VStMartin
Updated at 6:50 p.m.
Demonstrators were stopping traffic in the District on Monday evening in response to recent decisions in New York and Missouri not to prosecute police officers involved in fatal shootings.
A group of protesters arrived at Dupont Circle before 7 p.m., creating road closures in the area. Protesters previously had blocked several roads in downtown D.C. earlier in the evening.
Police are asking drivers to avoid the area and seek alternate routes.
Metro reported bus delays because of protests in the area between 18th and M streets and Dupont Circle.
DEMONSTRATORS are stopped at DuPont Circle NW & Mass Ave//Avoid the area//Rolling Road Closures. /7066
— DC Police Department (@DCPoliceDept) December 8, 2014
Original post:
Protesters said they plan to stage a “die-in” Monday morning on Capitol Hill — a move that could cause traffic delays for commuters.
The demonstrators are expected to try to block East Capitol Street and First Street NE in the Monday morning commute.
— Ferguson Liveuamap (@fergusonlum) December 8, 2014
Protestershold signs with names of those killed by police as they plan march and die In pic.twitter.com/APyVzdiOYB
— Armando Trull (@trulldc) December 8, 2014
In front of the Department of Justice building Monday morning, some demonstrators staged a “die-in.”
— Paulina Leonovich (@Polly_evro) December 8, 2014
According to some messages in social media, the protesters said they plan to try to tie up traffic in on Capitol Hill until 12:30 p.m.
— Think MOOR (@ThinkMOOR) December 7, 2014
#DCFerguson we are stil at 1st and east capitol #BlackLiveMatter
— Pete Perry (@pete4peace) December 8, 2014
Protesters also said that they were going to hold a demonstration around 8 a.m. Monday at D.C. Superior Court on Indiana Avenue NW.
https://twitter.com/2LiveUnchained/status/541805955823173632/photo/1
Some protesters also planned to stage demonstrations around 5 p.m. Monday near the White House and in Dupont Circle.
#DCFerguson action tonight to shut down Dupont Circle. 5PM meet at White House. #EricGarner #BlackLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/krt7iqr6kQ
— OurFriendKen (@Our_Friend_Ken) December 8, 2014
Protesters have been holding demonstrations throughout the District and in other major cities over the last week in response to recent decisions in New York and Missouri to not prosecute police officers involved in fatal shootings. The incidents involved the shooting of Michael Brown by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo. and and the death of Eric Garner, who died following what appeared to be a chokehold by a New York City police officer.
On Friday night, a large group of protesters blocked traffic near the Verizon Center.
Over the weekend, three men were arrested after protesting on the Eastern Shore. They were part of a group of protesters that marched from a middle school to an annual Christmas parade in Salisbury.
 
 
 
Dana Hedgpeth is a Post reporter, working the early morning, reporting on traffic, crime and other local issues.
Victoria St. Martin covers breaking news and Prince William County for The Post's Local desk.

Celebrating Bernard MalamudBy Ron Charles December 8 Follow @roncharles
Edward P. Jones, Lorrie Moore, Tobias Wolff and Susan Stamberg at the PEN/Malamud memorial reading in Washington on Dec. 5, 2014. (Photo courtesy of Mary Kay Zuravleff.)
“My father was a mix of ego and humility, as all people have to be to carry the burden of writing fiction,” said Janna Malamud Smith at a celebration of what would have been Bernard Malamud’s 100th year. “He was such a mix of humor and traumas.”
Readers are still discovering that remarkable mix of qualities in Malamud’s enduring stories and novels. The PEN/Faulkner Foundation has been giving the $5,000  Malamud Award for Excellence in the Short Story annually since 1988 (John Updike was the initial winner), but this year was set aside for a special observance.
Three hundred fans of the Pulitzer Prize-winning writer gathered Friday night at the Lutheran Church of the Reformation for the PEN/Malamud memorial reading. It was an evening marked by a remarkable constellation of past Malamud Award winners that included Edward P. Jones, Lorrie Moore and Tobias Wolff, who read from Malamud’s work and their own.
Moderator Susan Stamberg described seeing Malamud years ago at Bennington College. To her delight, the writer asked her to take a walk with him and then insisted that he interview her, the storied NPR interviewer. What she remembers most clearly is that he was “listening elegantly.” He considered her answers about her upbringing, her parents. He was always the novelist at work, observing life intensely.
Moore, who published a new collection of stories called “ Bark ” in February, noted that the autocorrect on her computer changes “Malamud” to “malamute” — appropriate given Malamud’s fanciful interest in animals and transformation. She went on to read from his 1955 story “ Angel Levine ” about a forlorn Jewish man visited by an African American angel. It exemplifies, she said, the author’s ability to capture “disbelief and dancing and patched together faith.”
Jones, a native of Washington, said he loves the way Malamud wrote “about complex people with plain and simple language.”
Wolff, a former Washington Post reporter, recalled reading Malamud’s “The Jewbird” to his students at a Catholic school in San Francisco. The story, first published in 1963, describes a skinny black bird that flies into the Cohens’ New York apartment. “If you can’t spare a lamb chop,” the bird says to the startled family, “I’ll settle for a piece of herring with a crust of bread.” He’s running away from “anti-Semeets.”
When Wolff finished reading, his students sat in silence, and he began to worry that he’d shocked these young Roman Catholics with this curious, tragicomic fable. But then one shouted out, “That’s my grandmother!” and soon they were all talking excitedly about the story.
“We most recognize the humanity of others in the specificity of details in their lives,” Wolff told the crowd Friday night. “Malamud was always rewriting the book of Job. There is this wonderful quality of a sense of life that exceeds the misery of this life he’s describing. Again and again, when I’m reading him, I find myself with a big smile on my face.”
In remarks infused with sorrow and humor that Malamud would have appreciated, PEN/Faulkner co-chair and local novelist Susan Shreve remembered the spring day in 1986 when the great writer died. In an uncanny example of life imitating art, a black bird flew into an open window in her house, and her husband couldn’t get it out. Shreve called Malamud’s wife to let her know that Bern had stopped by.
Former Book World editor Evelyn Small contributed to this story.
Ron Charles is the editor of The Washington Post's Book World. For a dozen years, he enjoyed teaching American literature and critical theory in the Midwest, but finally switched to journalism when he realized that if he graded one more paper, he'd go crazy.

Taxi drivers  verification to be completed in a month: PoliceTaxi drivers  verification to be completed in a month: Police
Sebi orders attaching accs of 15 entities to recover Rs 2.5 crSebi orders attaching accs of 15 entities to recover Rs 2.5 cr
CCI clears Sun-Ranbaxy merger deal with ridersCCI clears Sun-Ranbaxy merger deal with riders
Sell @1.30 tgt 1.25 sl 1.35 he is just changing cs as cloths on daily ...Platinum Member
136 Followers
Sell @1.30 tgt 1.25 SL 1.35 he is just changing CS as cloths on daily basis.
7.29 PM Dec 8th  | Track

Broken the critical support. buy around 2.75Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I think todays fall was golden oppertunity to buy buy buy.... lets see...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Great than gsk ji  wil see both in party mood soon hahahaha  happy to ...Silver Member
424 Followers
You bought it after 3 straight UC close. If will be in correction/Consolidation phase. Please hold with patience for good returns.. if a counter it continuously closed with UC for more than 2 days.. don`t buy it immediately.. wait for the UC stops and let it correct and then if you buy. it will be good.. When Arvindji told the view about this stock.. it was traded around 77 rs.. But you bought it at 100 rs...
In reply to : klimanju message
2.12 AM Dec 9th

How to hire the right people right awayYou select which contacts you want to receive the invitation to apply for the job — and the software can track the source of the referral even if it has been passed on up to six times.
Step 2. Hire Chicago-firm PeopleFoundry to outsource recruiting.
"They just hit the ground running immediately, and the first thing they do is hire an office manager," Moog said.
The office manager? Really?
"Because they need a point of contact to schedule interviews," Moog said. "It becomes very practical. You're running around trying to run your business and get customers, and they need you to vet candidates and meet with them and have multiple people meet with them."
Step 3. Hire a human resources chief.
"A friend sent out an e-mail saying he had a great head of HR who was out looking for a job, and three weeks later she was working for us," Moog said.
Step 4. Do not leave the most important position to chance.
Moog hired an executive search firm, True Capital Partners, which specializes in fast-growing tech companies, to find a senior vice president of sales. In fact, he ran a national search to find the national searcher, interviewing three recruiting firms before settling on Boston-based True.
"They're very expensive," Moog said. "It is close to $100,000 for a search. But they did a phenomenal job. And they ultimately produced six candidates who wanted the job, and all six would have been very well-suited."
Step 5. Use Rapportive to connect on LinkedIn.
"I have somewhat obsessively over the last few years used this tool," Moog said. "Every time I get an e-mail, the person's LinkedIn profile shows up next to their e-mail address, and I connect with them."
Moog now has more than 6,000 LinkedIn connections. A couple times a year he downloads every connection's contact information, uploads the data into MailChimp and e-mails them an update on his businesses.
"That e-mail to 6,000 people generated 150 resumes, because I focused my last one on our need to hire people," he said. "It got 10,000 opens after going to 6,000 people, which tells me people forwarded it."
Step 6. Interview the true contenders.
"I function like a vote on the U.N. Security Council," Moog said. "I can veto somebody, but if they've gotten to me, it means everyone else wants to hire them. Maybe one out of five times I'll express some doubt, or ask some tough questions."
Step 7. Don't over-hire.
Moog's new general counsel is a personal friend. Their children go to school together. And she works part-time, both because she wasn't looking for a full-time role and the company isn't large enough to need a full-time general counsel, either.
Step 8. If you're in a rush, surf LinkedIn.
"I needed somebody to do marketing," Moog said. "But I wasn't ready to hire anybody full time. My approach in the past was I'd hire an athlete, someone who was smart, who could learn, who could adjust. But in this case, I thought time was of the essence. I had run digital media companies before, but I hadn't run a strict software company. So I really wanted someone with that specific experience."
He found a freelancer on LinkedIn who was previously a director of marketing at IBM.
He cold-called her. They had lunch and hit it off. She is now the senior vice president of marketing.

Consumers Driving Up Record Amounts of Auto Loansconsumers driving up record amounts of auto loans
Demise of South Stream big setback for PutinDemise of South Stream big setback for Putin
Russia’s deal with Turkey cannot be deemed a serious replacement
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a373c75e-7a17-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Anger as Russia scraps $50bn gas planAnger and dismay as Russia scraps $50bn gas plan
Christian Oliver — Brussels, Andrew Byrne — Budapest and Kerin Hope — Athens
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1a5954f0-7a41-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sri Lanka eyes dim sum bond issuanceSri Lanka eyes dim sum bond issuance
James Crabtree in Colombo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce8260c8-7b92-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fast Food Protesters Take To The Streets On Anniversary Of CampaignFast Food Protesters Take To The Streets On 2-Year Anniversary Of Campaign
Posted:
reddit
NEW YORK -- The fast food protests that have swept the nation in recent years, including demonstrations in dozens of cities on Thursday, introduced Americans to thousands of people like Flavia Cabral.
Cabral, 53, is the sole breadwinner for her Bronx family. Her husband is unemployed, so she splits her time between working at a Manhattan McDonald’s and a shipping company. Despite working two jobs, she brings home just $370 a week, far less than roughly $1,600 a week it takes to get by in New York City in a home with two parents and one kid, according to the Economic Policy Institute's family budget calculator.
“I’m the one who feeds my family, and even working two jobs, it’s not enough,” said Cabral. She was standing outside of a Burger King here Thursday morning as protesters took over the restaurant inside, drumming and chanting for a $15-an-hour wage and a union. This is Cabral’s third protest, she said, and she keeps showing up because “I believe we’re going to win. As many times as we have to do it, we’re going to to do it.”
Left: Protesters hold signs inside a Brooklyn Burger King, including some that reference the controversy over the recent deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown. Right: A sign on the door of the eatery noting that it's open on Christmas Day.
Thursday’s protests, which activists say will hit 190 cities nationwide, mark the two-year anniversary of the fast food campaign. It's hard to point to concrete wins for the union-backed movement --  fast food workers' median pay hovers between $8 and $9 an hour , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics and other studies , and union membership remains near historic lows .
Still, the demonstrations have grabbed Americans' attention, making more people aware of a large and growing a class of workers -- like Cabral -- who are struggling to get by.
“It’s become much more current to talk about the working poor,” said Gary Chaison, a labor relations professor at Clark University’s Graduate School of Management.
Indeed, national headlines have chronicled the effects of unpredictable scheduling , unaffordable child care and a dearth of paid sick days on low-wage workers. Ballot measures to increase the minimum wage achieved widespread success , even in red states, during the midterm elections. President Barack Obama gave fast food workers a shout-out in a speech to labor activists earlier this year , telling them that “America deserves a raise.”
Obama has also been a vocal advocate of raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour. Earlier this year, he set $10.10 as the wage floor for federal contractors.
“All of those things are things that you never saw discussed in public” before the protests, said Ileen DeVault, a professor at Cornell University's school of Industrial and Labor Relations.
Fast food workers have succeeded largely because their issues are so relatable. It’s easy to sympathize with the person serving you a burger and fries once you learn about their low pay and poor working conditions, DeVault said.
Organizers have capitalized on that success, using it to bring attention to low-wage workers in other industries. On Thursday, home health aides and airport workers joined the fast food protests. Standing inside the Burger King packed with protesters and signs here, one airport worker bemoaned the fact that he’s struggling during the holidays to support six kids on a salary that's close to the minimum wage.
Abera Siyoum, a disability cart operator at Minneapolis-St. Paul airport, said in an interview earlier this week that he planned to support the protesters. His wife stays home to take care of their two kids, ages 2 and 4, because childcare is too expensive. That leaves Siyoum to earn all of the money for his family. He wakes up at 3 a.m. and often doesn’t get home until 8 p.m. after working at the airport and at another job as a security officer.
“[Fast food workers] are working under the same conditions. I just want to join them because if we fight together, I think we can win together,” he said.
Protesters hold up a sign calling attention to airport workers at a Brooklyn Burger King Thursday.
In addition to showing solidarity, bringing in workers from other industries adds a level of legitimacy to the fast food protests and sheds some light on other elements of the shadow low-wage workforce, said Clark University's Chaison. “People who are on the margins of the labor force are now being talked about,” he said.
Of course, the immediate target of the protesters is still the fast food giants themselves. Demonstrators argue the chains can afford to pay their workers more. The Shake Shack next door to the Burger King here provided a stark contrast. Shake Shack pays a median wage of $10.70 an hour, according to a recent New York Times story highlighting its labor practices.
Representatives from both McDonald’s and Burger King noted in statements that their restaurants are largely owned by franchisees and that they pay fair and competitive wages.
"As a corporation, Burger King Corp. (BKC) respects the rights of all workers," the company said in a statement.
"McDonald’s and our independent franchisees support paying our valued employees fair wages aligned with a competitive marketplace," McDonald's said.
Steve Caldeira, the CEO of the International Franchise Association, characterized the protests as a headline grab aimed at growing union membership "on the backs of hard-working small business owners and their employees," in a statement Wednesday.
Still, Bienvenida Pichardo, a 57-year-old McDonald’s worker here, said it’s not enough. Pichardo, who has been working at a Manhattan McDonald’s for 11 years, said in Spanish through a translator that she makes just $8.35 an hour. Thursday’s demonstration was the first time she had come out to protest, the mom of two said, though she has been watching the demonstrations on the news for months and waiting for an opportunity to get involved.
“It was time,” she said.
More:

Reliance Industries shares slightly higher after PEMEXMoUFalling rouble and oil roil stock, currency markets
Relaince Industries Limited (RIL) shares were trading marginally in the green at Rs 960.2 on the BSE at 12:00 pm IST after the company announced an MoU with the Mexican state-owned oil and gas company Petroleos Mexicanos (PEMEX).
In a release filed with the exchanges on Friday, Relaince Industries Limited (RIL) said that it will cooperate with PEMEX for assessment for potential upstream oil & gas business opportunities in Mexico and jointly evaluate value added opportunities in international markets.
It further added that the MOU envisages sharing of RIL’s pioneering expertise in deep water development and best practices in East coast of India and RIL’s experience in shale gas in United States.
Relaince Industries Limited (RIL)  will also provide technical support and share experience with PEMEX foRIL shares slightly higher after PEMEX MoUr refining value maximisation and other technical optimisation strategies.
TAGS: Relaince Industries Limited
More from markets
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

Boiling Hamm: Oil Mogul s Ex Appeals $1B Divorceboiling hamm: oil mogul s ex appeals $1b divorce
Women in Business Q&A: Talia Goldstein  CEO  Three Day Rulereddit
Talia is the CEO and founder of Three Day Rule. After studying communication at Tulane University, Talia worked as a TV producer at E! True Hollywood Story, where she quickly became the office dating expert, setting up many co-workers with matches and handing out insightful dating advice from her cubicle. Recognizing her hidden talent for matchmaking, Talia quit her full-time job and began hosting popular singles events and offering personalized matchmaking services. Three Day Rule was officially created in 2010, allowing Talia to turn her lifelong hobby of matchmaking into a thriving business.
Leveraging her extensive network of successful, attractive singles, Talia has found matches for hundreds of clients, including top executives, entrepreneurs, and everyday young professionals. Among her clients, Talia has been recognized for her strong instinct for what drives lifelong connections between two people. She has made it her mission to help clients on their quest to find true love, and is thrilled that her work allows her to make a difference in people's lives.
How has your life experience made you the leader you are today?
From an early age, I begged my parents to work. It wasn't something that they told me to do, but I decided on my own that I wanted to experience and learn from it. In high school, between school, tennis, soccer, student government, and track, I somehow made time to work at a restaurant and frozen yogurt shop.  In college, I interned at Ford Models in New York, a sports magazine in Los Angeles, and Susan Blond, a PR firm in New York. I was ecstatic getting coffee for executives and learning about why their chose their particular field.
After college, I landed an advertising job for Nissan at TBWA/Chiat/Day. That's where I met Suzanne Kisbye, an executive whom I admire to this day, and who has helped shape me as a leader. From day one, Suzanne took me under her wing. She would stay late to help me finish a project, even when she was finished with her own work.  She pushed me to present to the client, even when she knew I wasn't completely ready. It was my first time working when I truly felt like I was part of a team. In turn, I worked extremely hard because I didn't want to let my team down. People respond to different leadership styles, but that was the one that resonated with me the most, and the one I try to emulate at TDR today.
How has your previous employment experience aided your tenure at Three Day Rule?
Before starting Three Day Rule, I worked in TV on documentary shows such as VH1's Behind the Music & E! True Hollywood Story. As a Producer on the shows, I found that I had a natural ability to connect with my interview subjects and many of them trusted me immediately.  As a result, they would end up telling me everything - the good, the bad, and the ugly.
I find being a Producer is similar to being a Matchmaker. I don't care as much about the surface information. I'm fascinated by the psychological element. I love learning about what makes my client tick, what happened in their childhood that molded them into who they are today, what went wrong in their dating past, etc. The more info I get up-front, the easier my job is.  And, just like in my documentary shows, my clients have happy endings.
What have the highlights and challenges been during your tenure at Three Day Rule?
Attending my first TDR wedding. I think I was more emotional than the bride. I feel so lucky to have the best job in the world - helping people find love.
Becoming Match.com's exclusive personalized matchmaking partner.  Securing this partnership has been instrumental in helping us professionalize and disrupt the matchmaking industry, helping us get one step closer to our ultimate goal of becoming the leading matchmaking company in the nation.
Building our team. I have the most dedicated team of people who left very lucrative jobs in corporate America and Fortune 500 companies to work for a start-up that helps others find love. We have Harvard Business School grads, former Google executives, and former Investment Bankers on our team.
Right now our biggest challenge is rapidly scaling a business that is high-touch, while maintaining quality, which is of utmost importance to us. We are very careful and selective in hiring new matchmakers so spend a lot of time thinking about how to recruit the best talent for our team.  We are currently in four cities (NY, LA, SF, CHI), but aim to be across the country in the next two years.  It's a lofty goal, but one that I believe is absolutely achievable.
What advice can you offer women who are looking to start their own business?
Opinions are just data points. Listen carefully, take in the feedback, but don't make decisions based on what other people say. You know your industry better than anyone so trust yourself and make your own decisions.
How do you maintain a work/life balance?
It's really hard. I think of the day as a pie. There are only so many slices. A big piece goes to work, a slice goes to my husband, another to my baby, and I do my best every day to get a small slice to myself, even if that means waking up at5am to go on a walk. I am much happier and more productive if I get some time for me.
What do you think is the biggest issue for women in the work-place?
I think some men believe that once a woman has a baby, she will leave the company, or not work as hard as a man would. As a result, some men are nervous to hire women, or give them funding. This was a common theme when I was fundraising. Many of my own advisors told me not to fundraise while pregnant. What they didn't realize is that a determined woman is unstoppable.
How has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?
When my business partner and I went to our first tech event in LA, there were about 400 men and 5 women. One of them was a woman named Robyn Ward. She knew the tech scene like the back of her hand. She was so generous - she took us under her wing and introduced us to as many people as she could. She helped us with our elevator pitch, funding strategy, etc. I'm not sure we would have made it this far without her support.
I love meeting with female entrepreneurs and helping them any way I can. It's extremely important that we all help each other out. We're a small community and encouragement goes a long way.
Which other female leaders do you admire and why?
I admire Mindy Kaling for her fearlessness, intelligence, and sense of humor. I also admire Alexis Maybank and Alexandra Wilkis Wilson (the women who founded GILT) because they seamlessly merged technology & luxury.
What do you want Three Day Rule to accomplish in the next year?
Over the next year, my goal is for Three Day Rule to become the country's most trusted matchmaking company. We have the team, the tech, and the dedication to scale this business, alongside Match.com.  And obviously, our goal is to have hundreds of success stories along the way.
Follow Laura Dunn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lauraemilyd
More:

Women in Business Q&A: Katherine Jetterreddit
Settling in New York City, Katherine created her eponymous company; Katherine Jetter Ltd. Meeting her husband and greatest fan in NYC, she was married and this international jet-setting, big city couple moved their lives and work to Santa Fe, New Mexico.  Katherine enjoys the creative vibe of the city as well as the expansive and endless vistas of the New Mexico landscape creating an inspiring and positive influence on her collection and one of a kind commissions.
How has your life experience made you the leader you are today?
It takes time to learn your voice, and I certainly wouldn't profess to knowing everything at 31 years of age today. Being a good manager and leader is probably the hardest task I have had to learn in running my own business. My business and life experiences so far have taught me that the best way to lead, is by example. I govern my business with integrity and honesty and that shapes my reputation. It's key to my business to have that underlying trust as a basis in everything I do. I lead my team by working as hard as I expect them to, by being the first to roll up my sleeves and get in the trenches. I lead my business by being an industry expert in precious stones (opals), through refining my design skills, and delivering the best quality product and service possible for my clients. I stand proudly behind my product and people recognize that and feel secure in their choice to work with me.
How has your previous employment experience aided your tenure as a jewelry designer?
I have a BSc in Psychology and was an analyst at JP Morgan Private Bank before becoming a jewelry designer.  The psychology of customer service is so important, especially when serving in the luxury goods industry. Being able to really listen to people and what they are looking for, as opposed to just pushing a product, is everything. I would consider having a strong understanding of finance and being business savvy a crucial part of my business success. It is simply not enough to 'just' create a beautiful product. With today's consumer it is also has to fit a careful formula of perceived value to price, wear ability and correct placement in the market. The overheads of running a jewelry business are also significant in terms of product, insurance and logistics, and managing these expenses with cash flow as a young business requires constant attention and restraint.
What have the highlights and challenges been during your tenure as a jewelry designer?
I have been extremely fortunate and grateful to receive recognition and appreciation for my work from the onset, from people I respect in the trade, as well as a loyal following of friends and clients. I would say one of the biggest highlights of my career to date was the day I flew to Dallas to meet with the head buyers for the Neiman Marcus Precious Jewelry department. It was the hardest and most significant career meeting of my life to date, but at the end they signed me with my vendor account. The joy and recognition I felt from that was overwhelming, and has been a great business relationship ever since.
The hardest challenge I have experienced so far is learning to be a good business manager. Learning to communicate in a constructive way, navigating personalities, asking for what you want as a business owner while respecting your employees' abilities and boundaries, and learning to be firm but fair. I struggle with it, and I think it is generally a lot harder for women than men to ask for what they need in business, and to remove emotion from the equation. There is truly an art to it.  I don't see men agonize nearly as much as women do over asking for what they need in business.
What advice can you offer to women who want to start their own business?
I would say the rules are no different for a woman than for a man - act with professionalism and integrity - and expect to play the same business game as men. Don't think you're going to receive any favors just because you are a woman, and don't play the 'damsel in distress' card, men will respect you less for it. The same thing applies to using your sexuality to your benefit, don't do it! People won't take you seriously.
What is the most important lesson you've learned in your career to date?
Be the best at what you do and master of your field, no one can argue with the facts, so know what you're talking about before you set out.
How do you maintain a work/life balance?
I think most entrepreneurs would agree with me that work/life balance isn't really the same concept for us. My work and personal life is a continuous flow between the two, the two go hand in hand with each other. I make sure to take time for myself when I can, and when work calls, I am on, the day or time is irrelevant. It certainly helps that my husband is an entrepreneur and business owner as well, so we are able to respect and understand each other's work flow. We may work all weekend, but take Monday off on a last minute decision, that's the perks of owning your own business. I know how around the clock my hours are, so I don't feel I need to justify to people if I decide to take time for myself here and there, I learned to let that one go and not feel guilty.
What do you think is the biggest issue for women in the workplace?
There is a perception out there that women can be highly competitive and non-supportive of each other. I think this can be especially true in corporate environments. That disappoints me because I feel we should build each other up and support each other's success. I have to say my own experience in business has been amazing, as I have been very proactive in surrounding myself with other strong female entrepreneurs who are confident in themselves. We support, advise, and encourage each other. I am very lucky to live in a town, Santa Fe, where there are a number of young females who own their own businesses. For example, a friend of mine who owns her own PR firm and I recently decided to rent office space together. We are all women, all young mothers or about to become mothers, and we created an environment for ourselves where we can have our children come in for naps, our dogs can play, and we can work without having to segregate our home and work life. There are limited daycare options in our town, so we created this solution for ourselves, it's amazing and we all love going to the office! Reading Sheryl Sandberg's book 'Lean In' really motivated me to listen to the fact that women need to be proactive about asking for/and taking (!) what they need in the work environment to succeed. It doesn't have to be a choice between being a mother or having a career.
How has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?
Mentorship has played an enormous role in my life. I would never have been able to build my company at such a young age without the incredible mentors who believed in me, supported and helped guide me, when all I had was my hopes and dreams. With their help, I was able to establish business momentum and avoid pitfalls and mistakes that could end a young career right out of the gate. I was eventually able to turn around and hire my mentors and bring them on to my payroll, which I am so proud to be able to do. It's my way of being able to thank them for believing in me.
My husband and I believe in mentorship so much, that we created The New Mexico Leadership Institute (NMLI). Our program offers 30 children each year with scholarships to UNM and NMSU Universities in New Mexico, paired with mentorship and leadership training, to give back to our community and pay mentorship forward to future generations.
Which other female leaders do you admire and why?
Hillary Clinton. Despite being married to one of the most charismatic and dynamic men in politics, she has managed to still have her own voice and career alongside, in support of, and independently of him.
What do you want your business to accomplish in the next year?
To grow my balance sheet again by 100%. So far, I have doubled my business sales every year since I started in 2008. Next year I will be a first time mother, and I don't intend to let it slow me down!
Follow Laura Dunn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lauraemilyd
More:

Orion spacecraft dawn of new chapter in space exploration: USIndia ranks 65th on tourism competitiveness index
The successful test flight of the Orion spacecraft is the dawn of a new chapter in space exploration, the White House today said after NASA’s unmanned spacecraft completed its first test flight.
“This is the dawn of a new chapter in space exploration. It certainly is an important milestone in achieving President (Barack) Obama’s bold vision of sending humans to an asteroid in the 2020s and onto Mars in the decade after,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters.
“Everybody here at the White House sends along our congratulations to the men and women of NASA and other commercial partners for this successful test launch, and we look forward to future milestones as we send our brave explorers out into the solar system,” Earnest said.
The Lockheed Martin-built Orion spacecraft gently splashed down into the waters of the Pacific Ocean at 11:29 a.m. EST, completing the first test flight of NASA’s deep space exploration capsule.
After a successful launch from Cape Canaveral, Florida aboard a United Launch Alliance Delta IV Heavy rocket at 7:05 a.m. local time this morning, Orion orbited the Earth twice, reaching speeds of 20,000 miles per hour and traveling through belts of intense radiation before enduring a fiery, 4,000 degree F re-entry into Earth’s atmosphere.
The Space Foundation congratulated NASA, Lockheed Martin, United Launch Alliance and the entire industry-government team involved with the successful first experimental test flight of the Orion spacecraft.
“The world is once again on a firm course of space exploration that will get us out of low Earth orbit, taking humans back to the Moon and on to Mars and beyond,” said Space Foundation Chief Executive Officer Elliot Pulham.
“As an early pathfinder for the Orion program, EFT-1 represents a gutsy effort by the entire Orion team to test early, test often, and get ahead of the substantial risk involved with any new human rated system,” he added.
The flight is the first of a new US-built human rated space launch system since 1981, and the first time that a spacecraft built for humans has left low Earth orbit since 1972.
Orion is roomier and designed to go far beyond the moon: to an asteroid and eventually to Mars.
When it becomes fully operational, the spaceship will be able to carry four people on a 21-day mission into deep space or six astronauts for shorter missions.
Orion is expected to take up its first crew in 2021.
Senator Marco Rubio said the Orion launch marks an exciting new chapter for America’s space program and for Florida’s continuing role as the nation’s spaceport.
“For many decades, people have come to Cape Canaveral from all over the world to look up at our Florida skies and see the power of American innovation expand our frontiers and prove that Americans can do anything,” he said.
TAGS: Barack Obama Nasa
More from lifestyle
Sparks fly when egg meets sperm: Study Sparks fly when an egg meets sperm, according to a new study which found that the fertilised mammalian egg releases from its surface billions of zinc atoms that create tiny 'zinc sparks'.

Sri Lankan presidents poll lead withersSri Lankan president’s poll lead withers as election approaches
James Crabtree in Colombo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dad179a0-7c4f-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Upbeat jobs growth data bolster dollar© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/62dd3a46-7c8c-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar rally gains fresh energy from weaker oilDollar rally gains fresh energy from weaker oil
Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/88309ffc-7b0d-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar dips on waning price growthDollar dips on waning price growth
Jamie Chisholm
Better news for gold bugs as bullion hits two-week highs
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d6d0e84-6e2f-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rakuten boss defends acquisition recordRakuten boss defends acquisition record
Tim Bradshaw — San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9b113aa-7c7e-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rakuten  the first shall be the last© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/7dc38338-64cc-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rakuten opens UK online marketplaceJapan’s Rakuten opens online marketplace for UK high street
Claer Barrett in London and Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad3d47c0-59d7-11e4-9787-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MPs call banks to account on fraud dataUK retail banks questioned by MPs on fraud levels
Judith Evans
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/00095faa-7e24-11e4-b7c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US watchdog defends China climate dealUS environment watchdog defends China deal and power sector plans
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/99dfd68c-7cd4-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Merkel accuses Putin of creating problemsMerkel accuses Putin of ‘creating problems’
Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2dde9ac4-7e30-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ed Richards: Master of a balancing act© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/92c8679a-7ba0-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ofcom examines cost of football TV rightsOfcom examines cost of Premier League football TV rights
Henry Mance and John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ab83c90-6f14-11e4-b060-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Funds oppose Murdochs re-election at Sky© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/702c2754-700f-11e4-bc6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Merck sale boosts Europes bond marketOctober 6, 2014 4:41 pm
Merck sale boosts Europe’s corporate bond market
By Robin Wigglesworth and Andrew Bolger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eac1d7da-4d68-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Watch: CNBC TV18 turns 15  NSE opening bell rung from its newsroomHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Infosys shares fall 3 pct as founders said to sell sharesDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Shares in India’s Infosys Ltd  fell 3 percent in pre-open trading on Monday following reports that some of its founders were selling shares in the software services exporter worth $1.1 billion.
Four of the founders of Infosys are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of 1,988 rupees each, a 4 percent discount to Friday’s close, IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication said.
Deutsche Bank is the sole book runner of the sale and the books were covered just after the launch, said Thomson Reuters publication IFR. It named the founders as Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, S.D. Shibulal and K. Dinesh.
TAGS: Infosys
More from indianmarkets

Maruti defers seeking shareholders  nod for Guj plantMaruti defers seeking shareholders' nod for Gujarat plant
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 12:12 IST
Having run into troubles with institutional investors over its Gujarat plant transfer to parent Suzuki, car maker Maruti now wants to seek approval of minority shareholders after a proposed relaxation comes into effect in the Companies Act.
Maruti Suzuki India had earlier planned to seek shareholders' approval for the transaction in November.
The Cabinet, meanwhile, has cleared a slew of amendments this month to various aspects of the New Companies Act.
"Now, another new factor which is the proposed amendment to the Companies (Amendment) Bill has come up. So it would not make sense to go for the vote till we know what that bill is and what the future is," MSI Chairman RC Bhargava told PTI.
Once the changes come into effect, after Parliament's nod, it would become easier for companies to get shareholder approvals for related party transactions. Maruti's proposed plant transfer to Suzuki falls under this category of transactions.
Under pressure from institutional investors, Maruti had decided earlier this year to seek minority shareholders' approval after tweaking some of the earlier proposals with regard to transfer of the Gujarat plant to Suzuki.
When asked if the company would wait for the bill to be passed in the Parliament, to take up the matter with the minority shareholders, Bhargava said: "I think so. It won't make sense to go for a vote on a law which is going to change, so it is going to be delayed."
Bhargava, however, said the delay in taking the approval would not impact the construction work at the Gujarat plant.
"...work is carrying on (at the Gujarat plant) so it doesn't matter," Bhargava said.
As per the current regulatory framework under the Companies Act 2013, a proposal like Maruti's would require approval from 75 per cent of the minority shareholders for a special resolution in this regard.
Following the latest changes approved by the Cabinet, such proposals can be approved through an ordinary resolution requiring a simple majority of over 50 per cent.
In January, Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) announced it would invest USD 488 million to build the Gujarat plant, which Maruti had earlier proposed to set up.
Opposing the move, Maruti's institutional investors approached capital markets regulator Sebi, seeking its intervention to safeguard the interests of minority shareholders. Private sector mutual funds and insurance companies, which own almost 7 per cent of the company, led the opposition.
The plant, which would be SMC's first fully owned factory in India, is being planned with an initial capacity of 1,00,000 units a year, all of which will be supplied to Maruti.

India sees clear pick up in growth momentum:...composite leading indicator
(The readings, for the month…)
LONDON: Reflecting improved prospects, India is the only major economy seeing a "clear pick up in growth momentum" while mixed trends are predicted for developed countries, according to Paris-based think tank OECD.
The Organisation for Economic Cooperation an Development said growth would continue to lose momentum in Europe.
For other major economies, the outlook is for stable growth momentum.
The readings, for the month of October, are based on Composite Leading Indicator (CLI) that are designed to anticipate turning points in economic activity relative to trend.
"India is the only major economy where the CLI points to a clear pick-up in growth momentum," OECD said in a statement today.
The country's CLI rose to 99.6 in October from 99.4 in the previous month.
Last month, OECD said that Indian economy is expected to see an average growth of 6.7 per cent over the 2015-19 period while a further boost would depend on reform plans of the government.
In October, the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank projected 5.6 per cent growth rate for India this year, citing renewed confidence in the market due to a series of economic reforms pursued by the new government.
India's economic growth was below 5 per cent in the last two financial years. Recently, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) forecast the economy to grow at 5.5 per cent in 2014-15 and at 6.3 per cent in next financial year 2015-16.
As per the OECD statement, amongst other major economies, the CLIs continue to point to stable growth momentum in the United States, Canada, China and Brazil. Tentative signs of a positive change in momentum are emerging in Japan.
The CLI for Russia points to growth tentatively losing momentum, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Plan panel rejig: Why the Congress must play ballDec 08, 2014, 04.45 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Plan panel rejig: Why the Congress must play ball
On August 15 this year, Narendra Modi did what several of his predecessors must have felt like doing. While delivering the Independence Day speech at the Red Fort, the PM summarily announced the shutdown of the Planning Commission.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Plan panel rejig: Why the Congress must play ball
On August 15 this year, Narendra Modi did what several of his predecessors must have felt like doing. While delivering the Independence Day speech at the Red Fort, the PM summarily announced the shutdown of the Planning Commission.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
On August 15 this year, Narendra Modi did what several of his predecessors must have felt like doing. While delivering the Independence Day speech at the Red Fort, the PM summarily announced the shutdown of the Planning Commission.
A lot has been written about the commission since it was decided to be disbanded. How it was a relic of India’s Soviet-era socialism, the flawed way it functioned (by overseeing centrally-planned schemes regardless of whether states were comfortable with it or not) and the way it went about making five-year plans in an increasingly complex economy that is getting randomer by the day. Most of it is true.
Reports suggest the PM is planning to replace the Planning Commission with a leaner institution comprising himself, some state chief ministers and experts drawn from India and abroad.
But right off the bat, the Congress has made it clear it will oppose any move to restructure the commission in a big way.
“I am not favour of replacing the Planning Commission by a new institution without a proper examination of the implications involved and in the absence of an institutional structure acceptable to all,” Assam CM Tarun Gogoi was quoted as saying at a meeting yesterday between the prime minister and chief ministers of various states.
Gogoi said there was a need to introspect whether the Planning Commission could be reformed or restructured and added that it played a crucial way in driving planned investment.
“Any move to rename or restructure is unwarranted in national interest and must be opposed. What the Planning Commission needs is reorientation and not renaming or a political burial,” Mint quoted Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma as saying.
So it become clear the BJP government is on collision course with the Congress on the issue of the Planning Commission, an institution created by Jawaharlal Nehru in 1950 and which has survived despite increasing doubts over its efficacy through decades of Congress rule.
The PM did well to invoke the thoughts of his predecessor Manmohan Singh (who was himself a chief of the commission in the 1980s), who said there was a need to reform it.
But where Modi did err was in the way he went about announcing its dismantling. The opposition has obviously not missed the opportunity of pointing to the irony in the way the PM took the decision without consulting or even informing the states – even though the idea to reform/replace it to provide states with greater say in how they used funds allocated to them and encourage “cooperative federalism”.
Perhaps Modi may not have foreseen opposition from states to a move that is clearly in their own benefit – despite the scope for political handwringing such a move could entail.
As is the wont for political parties, both the Congress and BJP have been guilty of opposing reforms for the sake of it.
For instance, in opposition, the BJP opposed the rollout of the GST, opposed higher FDI in insurance and was a bitter critic of the Aadhaar and has switched camps on all three. The Congress is, among others, now opposing increasing FDI in insurance and revamping the Planning Commission, something that it would have clearly wanted to do if it had had the political capital and leadership strength when it was in power.
But by reaching out to CMs individually, the PM has started the job of streamlining India’s planning process earnestly and with the right intention. It is now up to the Congress to play constructive opposition and support changes that are in the country’s interest.
Serious introspection on the drubbing it received in May this year largely due to its percieved non-performance while in government should help it do so.
If he wishes to, Modi can wind down the Commission with the stroke of a pen, given that it was created through an executive order. But such may result in greater troubles for the new proposed body if and when it seeks legislative backing.
RELATED NEWS

Why Eric Garner is the turning point Ferguson never wasBy Aaron Blake December 8 Follow @aaronblakewp
President Obama delivers remarks at the end of a meeting with Ferguson resident Rasheen Aldridge (second from left), New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, Philadelphia Police Department Commissioner Charles Ramsey and other elected officials, community and faith leaders and law enforcement officials in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building on Dec. 1. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
Ferguson, Mo., has captured the nation's attention for the better part of the past four months. But in just a few short days in the national news, Eric Garner has become the political rallying point that Ferguson never has.
A new poll shows considerably more unhappiness with the lack of an indictment in Garner's case than in the one in Ferguson. And, perhaps most important as far as its impact goes, that unhappiness is significantly less connected to a person's race.
The Selzer and Company poll for Bloomberg News finds that 60 percent of Americans disagree with the lack of an indictment against officer Daniel Pantaleo, whose chokehold apparently led to Garner's death in July. For comparison's sake, just 36 percent say they disagree with the lack of an indictment against officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson.
Although 40 percent disagree "strongly" with there being no indictment in Garner's case, just 24 percent say the same about the case in Ferguson. And in Ferguson, there's majority support -- 52 percent -- for no indictment.
(A Washington Post/ABC News poll last week showed a closer split on Ferguson, with 48 percent agreeing with the grand jury and 45 percent disagreeing.)
So basically, Americans as a whole favor no indictment in Ferguson. In Garner's case, they overwhelmingly think there should have been one. And in fact, just one-quarter of Americans agree with the grand jury's decision not to indict.
The differences in the two cases are almost completely because of whites.
In both cases, nine in 10 African Americans say they disagree with the decision. Although just 25 percent of whites disagree with the decision in Ferguson, a majority (52 percent) disagree with the decision in Garner's case.
There isn't quite consensus -- about one-third of whites agree with the lack of indictment in Garner's case -- but that's far less than the 64 percent of whites who sided with the lack of indictment in Ferguson.
We've written before about why the Garner case hasn't split the country along racial and party lines like Ferguson has. Basically, the political and racial disagreement in Ferguson was all about the still-unclear sequence of events that preceded the death of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown; it actually had little to do with politics, per se. In the Garner case, there is a video, leading to less debate about the particulars of precisely what happened.
As this poll shows, that is much more conducive to building consensus. And when it comes to taking action in response -- action of any kind -- that kind of bipartisan and biracial consensus makes it significantly more likely.
Of course, getting both parties and Americans of all races to agree on what kind of action should be taken is another question entirely.
Update 4:57 p.m.: Pew is out with another survey showing much the same thing as the Bloomberg poll. While 57 percent say the decision in the Garner case was wrong, just 37 percent say the same about Ferguson.
Whites say 47-28 that the grand jury erred in the Garner case, but say 64-23 that it might the right call on Ferguson.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

Congress cant stop federal hiring blitz tied to Obamas immigration actionsBy Josh Hicks December 8 Follow @reporter_hicks
Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) last week expressed outrage  when U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services announced  plans for hiring 1,000 full-time employees to carry out President Obama’s controversial new immigration actions , which will shield an estimated 5 million immigrants from deportation.
But Republican lawmakers have little power to stop the hiring spree, even when they take control of the Senate next year and hold majorities in both chambers of Congress. That’s because USCIS survives largely on fees rather than legislative appropriations, meaning the agency is largely immune to the power of the purse.
About 95 percent of USCIS’s annual budget comes from fees that immigrants pay to have their applications processed. The main exceptions are the agency’s citizenship offices and its E-Verify operations, which help employers verify work eligibility.
Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) has been one of the most vocal critics of President Obama’s immigration actions. (Drew Angerer/Getty Images)
USCIS’s budget is so unaffected by congressional appropriations that most of the agency’s employees worked through last year’s government shutdown.
Congress can starve certain agencies of funding if it doesn’t approve of their programs, but that’s not the case with USCIS and its hiring initiative. USCIS announced last week that it was looking to start a new operational center in Arlington, Va., with about 1,000 full-time, permanent employees whose initial workload will include processing cases filed because of Obama’s immigration actions.
Sessions called the plans for a new facility “a clear symbol of the president’s defiance of the American people, their laws and their constitution.” He added that Obama is “hiring federal employees to carry out a directive that violates the laws Congress has passed in order to foist on the nation laws Congress has repeatedly refused to pass.”
Although Republicans cannot do much to prevent the new wave of USCIS hiring, they are working on a strategy to stifle the president’s overall immigration plan.
House Speaker John Boehner has laid out a two-step plan for dealing with Obama’s immigration actions.  (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg)
House Speaker John Boehner last week laid out an approach that includes banning the White House from changing U.S. immigration policies unilaterally and funding the Department of Homeland Security only through February in an effort to force compromise from Obama.
The House approved the ban in a vote last week , but the measure is likely to die in the Democrat-controlled Senate, and the White House has said it would veto the legislation if it moves to the president’s desk.
Moderate and conservative Republicans have spent the past few weeks debating the advantages and disadvantages of fighting the administration’s new immigration actions once they gain control of the Senate next year, but they can save themselves the trouble when it comes to USCIS’s hiring spree. There’s little they can do about it while Obama is in office.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Nikki Global Finance: Outcome of board meetingDec 08, 2014, 05.52 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nikki Global Finance: Outcome of board meeting
Nikki Global Finance has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 08, 2014, has considered, discussed & approved the proposal of shifting of registered office from 215, Delhi Chambers, Delhi Gate, Delhi - 110002 to I-9, LGF, Lajpat Nagar I, New Delhi - 110024.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nikki Global Finance: Outcome of board meeting
Nikki Global Finance has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 08, 2014, has considered, discussed & approved the proposal of shifting of registered office from 215, Delhi Chambers, Delhi Gate, Delhi - 110002 to I-9, LGF, Lajpat Nagar I, New Delhi - 110024.
Post your opinion here
 
Nikki Global Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 08, 2014, has considered, discussed & approved the proposal of shifting of registered office from 215, Delhi Chambers, DelhiGate, Delhi - 110002 to I-9, LGF, Lajpat Nagar I, New Delhi - 110024.Source : BSE

Government not to ban  kiss of love  protestMuslim conversion row: Balmiki had contested 2012 municipal polls on BJP ticket
Kerala government today said it would not impose a ban on ‘Kiss Protest’ organised by a section of people in the state against moral policing.
“In a democracy any one has the right to organise protest and counter protest. State will interfere only when it become a law and order situation”, Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala told reporters here today.
He was replying to the scuffle and sporadic violence occurred between pro and anti ‘kiss of love’ protest activists in Kozhikode yesterday.
The state government has no objection to any type of protest organised by anybody, he said. However, he reminded that as per section 285 of IPC, performing obsene act in public was an offence.
Government had taken a lenient approach while dealing with the ‘kiss protest’, he said. Government has no plan to ban it, he said, adding, “let them agitate”.
More from miscellaneous

UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon to attend Vibrant Gujarat Summit-20158
0
Gandhinagar: UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon will take part in the 'Vibrant Gujarat Summit-2015' during his two-day visit to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's home state on January 10 and 11 next year.
"Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General of the UN, is going to take part in our Vibrant Gujarat Summit-2015. He will come to Gujarat on January 10 and he will be present at the inauguration function on January 11," Finance minister and Gujarat Government Spokesperson Saurabh Patel said on Monday.
The Secretary General is also likely to visit Sabarmati Ashram of Mahatma Gandhi in Ahmedabad and a few other places in the state on January 11, Patel added. Patel said that this would be the first ever visit of the UN Secretary General to a business summit. He had earlier visited India in 2012.
The Secretary General is also likely to visit Sabarmati Ashram of Mahatma Gandhi in Ahmedabad and a few other places in the state on January 11.
#vibrant gujarat summit 2015 #ban ki moon #narendra modi
According to a state government official, the upcoming Vibrant Gujarat Summit will witness the highest number of foreign dignitaries, including Ban Ki-moon and heads of several other countries.
The state government is going to organise the Vibrant Gujarat International Investors Summit-2015 from January 11 to 13 next year with an aim to attract more investment in the state.
Modi ideated upon organising biennial investors' summit in 2003 during his chief ministerial regime in Gujarat. Since 2003, Modi had held six such investors' summit, which resulted in signing of thousands of crores rupees' Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) promising investment in Gujarat.
Modi will be present to inaugurate the summit.
122

Lima climate talks: Javadekar meets US team  finds little convergenceIndia wants full discussion on differentiation principle
Nitin Sethi | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 11:38 PM IST
The Indian delegation led by Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar had a meeting with the US special envoy on climate change, Todd Stern, at Lima on Sunday.
The meeting was one of a series planned to explore common grounds and understand the non-negotiable issues of each important country before the formal high-level round of climate change negotiations start on Monday, with ministers heading delegations of 196 countries.
On Monday, the minister is slated to meet his counterpart from China, Xie Zhenhua. He is also to sit for a round of talks on Monday with ministers of all BASIC group countries, which includes Brazil, South Africa and China.
The Sunday meeting between India and the US took place against the backdrop of India demanding a separate and upfront discussion at Lima on the issue of differentiation between developed and developing countries.
In the meeting, sources said, Javadekar raised concern over the lack of movement on talks for enhancing climate action by developed countries in the pre-2020 period before the Paris agreement comes into play. He also expressed concern about the low level of funding for the Green Climate Fund.
The meeting did not find many areas of convergence, sources told Business Standard. US’ view on differentiation continued to be far from India’s. It also presented an extremely hard-line position, that the Paris 2015 agreement and the “intended nationally determined contributions” should be focused only on mitigation (emission reduction targets) and not give parity to adaptation, finance and technology — a joint demand of all developing countries.
The two countries did agree to a meeting of the joint task force on the HFC gases (refrigerant gases that also cause global warming) in January, ahead of President Barack Obama’s visit to India. Follow-up meetings between Stern and Javadekar are expected in the  week, to explore joint announcements on climate change during the US president’s visit.  At another event on Sunday, organised by the Global Legislators Organisation, the minister said India was preparing to bring in a legislation during the Budget session of Parliament that would also address some issues relating to climate change.
The minister was referring to the government’s plan to introduce a legislation along the lines proposed by the panel headed by T S R Subramanian to review five environmental laws. He referred to inclusion of afforestation efforts and better standards and regulation for air pollution.
On some issues, India has a degree of resonance with the US red lines. On others, the classical divide of developed and developing countries at the climate change negotiations has only got deeper. One of the issues that continue to drive the divide deeper is differentiation between developed and developing countries. On Saturday, when stock-taking of the week-long negotiations took place, India demanded an upfront and separate discussion on differentiation. India’s representative Ravi S Prasad said, “In the discussions we have been having, equity and CBDR has been a critical element, it pervades all the discussion we have. Perhaps, if we could all have a separate discussion on it, then we can move rapidly on other parts of the text.”
The developed countries, including the US and EU, have collectively pushed to redefine the idea of common but differentiated responsibilities and many developing countries have opposed this move as it dilutes the existing responsibilities of developed nations. The divide was evident in each element of the negotiations at Lima through the week – the nature of commitments under the 2015 agreement, who should provide finance to fight climate change and the nature of the 2015 Paris agreement itself.
The co-chairs of the talks had taken note of the Indian intervention. On Monday as talks start, the co-chairs are expected to produce another note summing up last week’s talks and presenting negotiating text that reflects all countries’ views and not just cherry-picked ideas. “We shall have to wait and see if the co-chairs do better than before and produce a more balanced text that reflects countries’ varying ideas and reflects them correctly. If they go back to their old ways we are in for a big fight over the week,” said a negotiator from the LMDC group speaking to Business Standard on Sunday night from Lima.  
Javadekar has already held a long stock-taking meeting with the Indian delegation and is expected to meet his counterparts of the BASIC group, besides interact with the Like-Minded Developing Countries to which India and China are now more closely linked.

Before Delhi  Uber taxi service faced trouble in GermanyDec 08, 2014 at 06:07pm IST
Before Delhi, Uber taxi service faced trouble in Germany
22
0
New Delhi: International mobile cab-booking company, Uber, which has been banned by the Delhi government after one of its drivers was arrested on charges of raping a woman, had in the past got into trouble with the German government for violating the country's laws.
According to media reports, two of Uber's services - standard UberPop and premium UberBlack - were banned by authorities in Berlin and Hamburg earlier this year because the company and its drivers lacked licenses
mandatory for taxis, the Wall Street Journal said.
According to media reports, two of Uber's services - standard UberPop and premium UberBlack - were banned by authorities in Berlin and Hamburg.
#uber cab #taxi #uber #delhi
However, after a long-drawn legal battle, the service provider UberPop cut fares in the two cities that allowed it to have drivers without a license to ply taxis. The service apparently collapsed in German capital Berlin after the price cut because lower fares made it less attractive for drivers to offer their services.
A Berlin court also ruled in September that there was no way of telling whether private drivers using the UberPop mobile phone app "were fit for the special responsibility of carrying passengers".
San Francisco-based Uber, valued at $18 billion, has run into problems with taxi operators in many cities around the world where it operates.
Uber, which operates in 51 countries, has been blacklisted by the Delhi government from providing any transport service in the national capital in future.
In Delhi, action was taken against the company after the accused driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, who allegedly assaulted and raped a 25-year-old woman in New Delhi on Friday night, was arrested from Mathura city in Uttar Pradesh.
After Uber's name came up in the case, the app-based ride-sharing service issued a statement on Sunday, saying it has given police all details of the driver and GPS information but absolved itself of any responsibility
for the crime.

Delia s Files for Chapter 11 BankruptcyIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Sushma Swarajs suggestion on Bhagwada Gita against secularism: NCP  SPBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 7:42 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 9:09 pm
NCP and Samajwadi Party slammed Union Minister and BJP leader Sushma Swaraj’s suggestion to declare Bhagwad Gita as a national scripture, saying it goes against the secular nature of the Constitution.
The Sharad Pawar-led NCP said all faiths should be treated equally and no person has the right to hurt the
religious sentiments of others.
“I am a Hindu and proud of my religion’s rich heritage. But does that mean I have the right to hurt the sentiments of other religions? All religions should be treated equally.
“BJP, by making such comments, is only trying to provoke people of other religions. We are a secular nation and it is very unfortunate they (BJP) have taken the first step of changing the secular fabric of our Constitution,” NCP leader
Jitendra Awhad told reporters here.
Samajwadi Party (SP) too slammed BJP and said if the holy book of one religion can be accorded a national status, so can be the book of other faiths.
“Gita is a religious book. If you can accord it national importance, why can’t you do the same with the Quran and Bible too? This is a secular nation. We should respect all faiths but we cannot accord national status to any book. SP strongly criticises her (Swaraj’s) statement,” the party’s Maharashtra unit President Abu Azmi said.
“BJP has not been brought to power in the name of religion but for development, to eradicate corruption and bring black money back. They should concentrate on these issues,” the SP legislator said.
Both Awhad and Azmi were here to participate in the winter session of Maharashtra legislature.
Meanwhile, Congress refrained from commenting on the issue. “Has she said it in foreign countries? You are saying that the foreign minister has said this (but) I have not seen it. So, it is very difficult to articulate the party’s views on it,” Congress spokesperson Shakeel Ahmed told reporters here.
Speaking at a function in Delhi yesterday, the External Affairs Minister had pressed for the Centre to declare the Gita as a ‘Rashtriya Granth’ (national scripture), a demand which sparked a controversy.

Bangalore police tightens security measures after Delhi rapeBy: Express News Service | Bangalore |
Posted: December 8, 2014 7:34 pm
In the wake of the rape of a young woman in New Delhi by a cab driver, the Bangalore city police has decided to ask all cab services in the city to install CCTV cameras inside their vehicles to ensure the safety of passengers.
The police have also proposed renewal of a system of verification of the antecedents of drivers of all taxis and autorickshaws in the city.
The police on Monday wrote to the state transport department to direct taxi service providers to adopt safety measures, the additional commissioner of police (law and order) Alok Kumar said.
“We have informed taxi service providers that they will be held responsible for any untoward incidents involve their vehicles,” the additional commissioner said.
The police have also asked the state transport commissioner to convene a meeting with taxi service providers as soon as possible to address the issue of safety.
“We want taxi owners to install GPRS equipment and CCTV cameras inside the vehicle and to display identity details of the driver.
The antecedents of the driver must be verified,” deputy commissioner of police (traffic) B R Prasad said. There are more than 36,000 cabs of various operators plying in the city, he said.
Meanwhile, the Karnataka Regional Transport Authority has stated that it is keeping a close tab on the operations of Uber Cab – the virtual taxi operator whose cab driver had been accused in the Delhi rape incident.
Uber has around 500 cars in its fleet in Bangalore. The recently launched taxi service is quite popular among IT employees in Bangalore on account of the Uber mobile app delivering a taxi within five to 10 minutes of a booking.
“For now we have not initiated any action, however we will be asking the company look at their driver profiles and to contact the RTA for verifications. In case of any untoward incident we will seize their permit and the driver’s licence,” state transport commissioner Dr. Rame Gowda said.
The RTA authorities said they were trying to ascertain if Uber has appropriate authorization to operate a taxi in the city in the first place.
In 2006, following the rape and murder of an employee of a BPO in Bangalore – by a cab driver sent by her company to pick her up for work at night – extensive safety policies were put in place for transporting women in taxis or buses.
Under the existing safety norms all corporate cabs need to have a security guard and a woman should not be alone in the cab at night. The norms are however not applicable to private taxi services that have boomed in the city.

Delhi rape: Govt mulls banning Uber cab services across IndiaBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 8, 2014 7:28 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 7:41 pm
The Centre is contemplating to ban the cab services of Uber across India after a driver engaged by the company allegedly raped a girl in Delhi.
The Home Ministry is planning to ask all state governments and administration of nine union territories, where Uber runs its cab services, to put a ban on it, official sources said today.
Uber cab services are available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Jaipur, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Kolkata and Pune.
The central government is also likely to ask all state governments and UT administrations to find out whether similar app-based taxi service is running in their jurisdiction contrary to the existing rules and regulations, the sources said.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh is expected to make a statement to this effect in Rajya Sabha tomorrow where he may mention about the steps to be taken for regulating the app-based cab services.
Meanwhile, the Home Ministry has posed to Delhi government eight questions related to Uber cab service and asked for its reply as early as possible.
The questions include details about Uber’s operations in the national capital, its commercial all India permit and how come this company is using or “misusing” that permit, how come a rape accused got driving licence and how many such services are operating in Delhi.
Uber was banned today in Delhi after one of its drivers allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman executive on Friday night.

Womans death: Rampal sent to 3-day police custodyBy: Press Trust of India | Hisar (haryana) |
Posted: December 8, 2014 7:26 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 7:28 pm
A local court today remanded self-styled godman Rampal in 3-day police custody in connection with the death of a woman follower during the recent standoff between his disciples and police.
Rampal was produced before the court of Judicial Magistrate (Hisar) Prateek Jain after the completion of his 7-day police remand relating to a sedition case registered against him on November 19.
Police sought 5-day police remand in connection with death of a woman who along with four other women and an infant were killed during the over 10-day faceoff in Satlok Ashram.
The court sent Rampal in 3-day police remand in this case.
The case was registered against Rampal and others under section 302 of the IPC (murder).
The 63-year-old controversial godman was arrested from his ashram at Barwala in Hisar on November 19.
He was produced before the Punjab and Haryana High Court a day after his arrest in connection with a contempt case and was sent to police custody for five days by a court.
Rampal has been slapped with cases of sedition, murder, attempt to murder, waging war against the state government, rioting, illegal detention and others.
Violent clashes between followers of Rampal and police led to death of five women and an infant and left over 200 people, including some policemen, injured.

After Connaught Place  wi-fi service launched at New Delhi railway stationBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 7:10 pm
Close to 5 lakh passengers travelling via the New Delhi railway station, the busiest in the country, will now be able to connect to the internet through the wi-fi service, which was launched at the station here today.
Terming internet as a “new necessity”, Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu said efforts are on to make maximum use of science and technology, particularly information technology to provide better facilities to passengers.
“Today we have launched wi-fi service at New Delhi station. This has become a necessity for the people,” he said after launching the service here.
People thronging the station can now access wi-fi internet on any of the 16 platforms free of cost for an initial period of 30 minutes after which they would be required to register for the same using their mobile phones.
Beyond 30 minutes, the user would have to purchase scratch cards costing Rs 25 for 30 minutes and Rs 35 for an hour and valid through 24 hours, which will be made available at 24X7 wi-fi helpdesks on the concourse at the Paharganj and Ajmeri Gate sides of New Delhi railway station.
Prabhu said Railways is planning to provide the facility at all major stations, and trains also to connect the common man.
“Our Prime Minister’s dream is that there should not be hi-fi but wi-fi. It should not be limited to only a few people but to common people also. We are trying to provide this facility to more and more stations as soon as possible.
“We are finalising an action plan for this and besides stations, we will provide it on trains also. This is a beginning today, but it will not be confined to one station only,” he said.
The project is being implemented by RailTel, a railway PSU which is mandated to provide the service.
The total cost of the project is Rs 50 lakh and an amount of Rs 16 lakh will be spent annually to run the facility.
The wi-fi facility is to be provided at 75 major category stations within a year.
It is to be launched on a trial basis at Agra, Ahmedabad and Varanasi by the end of December and at Howrah, Mumbai’s Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus and Secunderabad stations by January next year.

In tune with the timesUpdated: December 8, 2014 20:27 IST
In tune with the times
Hema Iyer Ramani
Geetha Raja Photo: V. Ganesan
The Hindu
Geetha Raja Photo: V. Ganesan
TOPICS
Geetha Raja is a faithful practitioner of the Brinda bani.
“Niddura nirankarinchi
Suddhamaina manasuche, suswaramutho,
Baddu tappaga, bhajiyinchu...”
(Cast off your sleep, get up early in the morning and do your voice exercise. Take your beautiful tambura and match your sruti. Let your mind be pure, intone the swaras correctly and stick to sampradaya).
Tyagaraja in his piece, ‘Kaddanuvariki,’ talks about the prerequisites of a good singer. Geetha Raja’s mother too must have understood this, for she insisted that her daughter practises akara sadhakam early morning every day. And what started as a routine became a way of life, her sadhana, and today Geetha holds on to that sampradaya with determination and conviction.
Having had sound training under the watchful eyes of guru Bombay S. Ramachandran from the age of seven, Geetha was blessed to come under the guidance of a guru, who would help her discover a melody-filled world.
Marriage opened up a completely new world to Geetha, whose new family introduced her to the inimitable T.Brinda. It was under her that Geetha blossomed and today, she is acknowledged as a fine student of Brindamma, continuing the rich legacy that her guru has left behind.
Talking about her guru’s bani, Geetha says, “It is best brought out through the padams and javalis, for there are no long drawn-out repetitive aalaps or catchy swara cycles.” If Geetha learnt to notate from her earlier guru, she learnt to sing with bhava under Brindamma.
Since Brinda came from a family of vocalists, veena players, flautists and dancers, bhava became an unconscious ingredient while rendering the sahitya. And Geetha imbibed this from her guru even as she learnt some rare kritis of the Trinity besides many padams and javalis.
Not content with just training in vocal music, Geetha also learnt to play the veena with vidwan K.S. Narayanaswamy. Though based in Bombay, she made a conscious decision not to combine the nuances of Hindustani music into her Carnatic rendering. Her shift to Madras saw her get more musical lessons from vidwan Kunnakkudi Vaidyanathan.
Thus, armed with so much musical wisdom, Geetha moved from strength to strength, participating in various festivals, both Indian and international (Voices of Women festival in Belgium, the Nehru Centre in London and the Smithsonian Institution’s ‘Inspired by India,’ to mention a few), and collaborated with artists.
She has worked with musicologist Sujatha Vijayaraghavan on padams and javalis, thus weaving dance interpretation into music. Another interesting artistic alliance has been with historian-scholar Dr. Chithra Madhavan. While Chithra highlights the importance of the temples, Geetha goes on a musical journey exploring the stories narrated by the historian through her voice. One such treat awaits Chennai audiences on December 31, at the IIT campus.
This gifted singer is not only a Kalaimamani recipient of the Tamil Nadu Government, but also the asthana vidushi of the Sringeri Mutt.
This December, Geetha will receive another award - The MLV Endowment Award- instituted by the Carnatic Music Association of North America at a function that will be held on December 13, at Narada Gana Sabha.
Befitting for an artist who is soaked in her music…
Hema Iyer Ramani

http://usat.ly/1zFjLNqFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Merck buying Cubist Pharmaceuticals for $8.4B
To accelerate its entry into that market, Merck & Co. said Monday that it will pay $102 per share of Cubist, a 37% premium.
Post to Facebook
Merck buying Cubist Pharmaceuticals for $8.4B To accelerate its entry into that market, Merck & Co. said Monday that it will pay $102 per share of Cubist, a 37% premium. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8gvtW
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Merck buying Cubist Pharmaceuticals for $8.4B
John Waggoner , USA TODAY 2:05 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
Another big pharmaceutical deal was announced on Monday in a year notable for its big pharmaceutical deals. Merck said it was buying Cubist Pharmaceuticals for $102 per share in a deal valued at $9.5 billion. Newslook
To accelerate its entry into that market, Merck & Co. said Monday that it will pay $102 per share of Cubist, a 37% premium.
(Photo: Matt Rourke, AP)
51 CONNECT 52 TWEET 81 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Shares of Cubist Pharmaceuticals (CBST ) soared 36% Monday after Merck (MRK) announced it's buying the Cambridge, Mass. drugmaker for $102 per share.
Cubist Pharmaceuticals Inc. does advanced antibiotic research and is noted for its research on superbugs -- diseases that have developed immunity to antibiotic treatment.
The deal is valued at $8.4 billion and is a 37% premium to the company's average price the previous five days. Merck will also assume $1.1 billion in Cubist's debt.
"Cubist is a global leader in antibiotics and has built a strong portfolio of both marketed and late-stage pipeline medicines," said Kenneth C. Frazier, Merck's CEO.
Cubist is the maker of the antibiotic Cubicin and a group of other powerful antibiotics. Another antibiotic, Zerbaxa, is expected to get approval from U.S. regulators this month. The drug fights urinary tract infections.
Drug companies haven't been concentrating on antibiotics in recent years, but the rise of antibiotic-resistant diseases as spurred new interest in them.
Cubist stock was up $26.36 to $100.72 in afternoon trading. Merck was up 3 cents to $61.52.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A8gvtW
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

http://usat.ly/1u8UqbfFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Beer Man: Bitterness masks malt in Newcastle Scotch Ale
Beer Man is a weekly profile of beers from across the country and around the world. This week: Newcastle Scotch Ale, Caledonian Brewing Co., Edinburgh, Scotland, www.caledonianbeer.com.
Post to Facebook
Beer Man: Bitterness masks malt in Newcastle Scotch Ale Beer Man is a weekly profile of beers from across the country and around the world. This week: Newcastle Scotch Ale, Caledonian Brewing Co., Edinburgh, Scotland, www.caledonianbeer.com. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CVb6fF
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Beer Man: Bitterness masks malt in Newcastle Scotch Ale
Todd Haefer, The (Appleton, Wis.) Post-Crescent 10:04 a.m. EST December 7, 2014
Newcastle Scotch Ale made at Caledonian Brewing Co. in  Edinburgh, Scotland, is 6.4% ABV.
(Photo: Todd Haefer, The (Appleton, Wis.) Post-Crescent)
8 CONNECT 12 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Beer Man is a weekly profile of beers from across the country and around the world.
This week: Newcastle Scotch Ale
Caledonian Brewing Co., Edinburgh, Scotland
www.caledonianbeer.com
Being a longtime advocate of the flavor of malt in beer, I am a strong proponent of the Scottish (or Scotch) ale style.
Not the ones most American breweries try to replicate, but the real stuff, like from Belhaven , McEwan's and Traquair House . These are intensely malty beers loaded with caramel and toffee flavors that have low bitterness and little hop flavor, no matter  whether they're a 4% ABV light ale or an 8% ABV wee heavy. Their ales have a unique malt taste that I have never found in an American-made attempt.
Newcastle's Scotch Ale, made at its Caledonian facility, immediately broke one of the Scottish ale rules by being overly bitter. It was the first characteristic I noticed on my first taste. And my second, and third, and so on. This forward bitterness destroyed any enjoyable caramel malt that might be lurking in the beer. It literally made it difficult to discern the flavor of the beer.
So the typical smooth, low-bitter, toffee-caramel malty Scottish ale has been turned into some strange American brown ale thing. Newcastle didn't stop there, however. It added insult to injury with a harsh, nasty, clingy aftertaste that left an unpleasant ashy sensation in the mouth that took a good half hour to go away.
Even if most American brewers can't get the malt character of Scottish ales correctly and overhop them, at least the beers usually taste and finish cleanly.
It almost makes me think that the people who approved the 6.4% ABV Scotch Ale are actually gin drinkers. Maybe a quaff or two of a Belhaven or McEwan's would put them on the right track.
Another British misfire comes from Guinness , which recently introduced its 5% ABV Blonde American Lager . It is noticeably darker than a typical mass-produced American light lager with a somewhat grainy flavor, strong citrusy sharpness and dry, astringent aftertaste. It was not pleasant.
Guinness has made its Harp lager since 1960 and I tried some while sampling the Blonde. Harp tasted much more like an American light lager with a crisper character and clean flavor.
Both of these beers should be readily available throughout the U.S.
Many beers are available only regionally. Check the brewer's website, which often contains information on product availability by mail. Contact Todd Haefer at beerman@postcrescent.com. To read previous Beer Man columns, click here .
8 CONNECT 12 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CVb6fF
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

http://usat.ly/1yvvxYTFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Just Cool Cars: A rare '56 Austin Healey
CARMEL VALLEY, Calif. --- When weather warms up in chilly Washington state, Jim Smalley dons his goggles and skull cap to goo out and get a little fresh air -- in his rare 1956 Austin Healey. Smalley, of Gig
Post to Facebook
Just Cool Cars: A rare '56 Austin Healey CARMEL VALLEY, Calif. --- When weather warms up in chilly Washington state, Jim Smalley dons his goggles and skull cap to goo out and get a little fresh air -- in his rare 1956 Austin Healey. Smalley, of Gig Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A3bTp2
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Just Cool Cars: A rare '56 Austin Healey
Video Keywords Gig Harbor performance option skull caps Carmel Austin USA today Belmont Colorado California Washington
James Smalley talks with USA TODAY's  Chris Woodyard about his rare '56 Austin Healey 100M
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:06  You don't see many Austin -- these days and you're
00:08  certainly not gonna see many of this one I'm Chris ordered
00:11  the USA today here with 81956. Austin nearly 100 am owned
00:16  by this man. Jim small a Gig Harbor Washington. Tell us
00:21  about this car how rare is it. Well let's in 1956.
00:25  We call a factory 100 AM. There was 640. Made in
00:30  late did -- -- up to. July of 1950s yet of
00:36  the 640. There's about a 190 lap they're documented by the
00:41  British heritage trust. So they're well known throughout the world there's
00:45  a registry of them and this is one of them. Jim
00:48  tell us what makes this car so rare. Just the basic
00:52  numbers of the factory it was a kind of our high
00:54  performance option that the factory yet. The base model of this
01:00  car. Produced ninety horsepower. And they put the -- option which
01:07  stands for LaMont. And that. Raised up to a 110 horse
01:11  which -- over 20% increase. They beefed up the suspension. They
01:16  put the Belmont neighborhood they put them bloopers that as you
01:19  can see stars just kind of a performance option that they
01:22  get down that beat them up. And then the are up
01:27  production stopped and they went to the six cylinder -- after
01:31  this stand out the four cylinder. Two seater was a thing
01:35  of the past. And Jimmy -- the links to get the
01:37  most out of performance of this car you'd keep that windshield
01:40  down and you Wear goggles right. -- and I had only
01:43  driver with the top down and we Wear goggles and a
01:47  skull caps and in the northwest we only get a couple
01:51  months. Out of the year that we get to enjoy it
01:53  so it's it's in the garage during a winner began this
01:55  summer. Off we go. Fully restored how difficult to get this
02:00  -- to show reject it's just for -- some nationally by
02:04  the -- National club so. It's tough to find it has
02:09  to be judged the way it left the factory so it
02:13  has to be all -- original parts which are documented by
02:16  numbers so. To find the correct her breeders'. The hardest part
02:20  what on this car was to find the correct distributor. It
02:24  didn't have the right one minute when I found this hard
02:26  this was in pieces. I'm -- founded in Colorado. But boy
02:31  do you ever see the result on this gorgeous car this
02:33  beautiful Austin -- At the quail motor sports gathering in Carmel
02:38  California and Chris -- for USA today.
Drive On
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 8:37 a.m. EST December 7, 2014
James Smalley from Gig Harbor, Wash., brought his Austin Healey 100M to the Quail Motorsports Gathering in Carmel Valley,  Calif.
(Photo: Dan MacMedan, USA TODAY)
111 CONNECT 20 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
CARMEL VALLEY, Calif. — When weather warms up in chilly Washington state, Jim Smalley dons his goggles and skullcap to go out and get a little fresh air — in his rare open-air 1956 Austin Healey.
Smalley, of Gig Harbor, owns a 1956 Austin Healey 100M, a more high-powered version of the famous roadster. Of the 640 made from late 1955 to July 1956, only 190 survive, Smalley says. The 100 developed 110 horsepower, he says, 20 more than the stock version.
"It's kind of a performance option," Smalley told us when we caught up to him over the summer at the Quail Motorsports Gathering here.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A3bTp2
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Invoking Vajpayee  Modi promises development in KashmirDec 08, 2014, 07.12 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Invoking Vajpayee, Modi promises development in Kashmir
In his 30 minutes speech, Modi used the opportunity to attack the "all pervasive" corruption under successive governments of "Congress, father-son and father-daughter" in the last 30 years and asked the people to give him "one chance" to bring development.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Invoking Vajpayee, Modi promises development in Kashmir
In his 30 minutes speech, Modi used the opportunity to attack the "all pervasive" corruption under successive governments of "Congress, father-son and father-daughter" in the last 30 years and asked the people to give him "one chance" to bring development.
Post your opinion here
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today invoked Atal Bihari Vajpayee's concepts of communal harmony, humanity and democracy to share the pain of Kashmiris and pronised to take the state to new heights of development.
"People of Kashmir have given me a lot of trust and love. I will repay this love and trust with interest in the form of development. I can die for this love and trust showered on me," he said in his first election meeting in the Valley, that avoided any mention of controversial issues like abrogation of Article 370.
In his 30 minutes speech, Modi used the opportunity to attack the "all pervasive" corruption under successive governments of "Congress, father-son and father-daughter" in the last 30 years and asked the people to give him "one chance" to bring development.
Wearing a traditional Kashmiri 'Pheran', Modi sought to strike a chord with the people saying,"I as Pradhan Sevak have come to share your pain and anguish. Your sorrow is my sorrow, your pain is my pain, your problem is my problem. I have not come to take anything.
"People in the army and police have died so have the innocent youths. Their loss is irreparable and no one can compensate for it but sharing can reduce the pain." Invoking Vajpayee's famous 2003 speech at the same venue, Modi said,"Vajpayee made a good beginning. I have come to carry this forward. It is my duty to carry forward and fulfil his dreams of Insaniyat, Kashmiriyat and Jamhooriyat (democracy) which are the three pillars that can turn around Kashmir in the 21st century on the path of development."
At the start of his speech, the Prime Minister said this is the first time in the last 30 years that any leader has made bold to address a meeting in the Sher-e-Kashmir stadium. Former Prime Ministers Manmohan Singh and Atal Bihari Vajpayee had addressed meetings in the adjacent ground of the stadium complex.
The Prime Minister said that it is the first time that army owned up the mistake of gunning down two innocent youth in a press conference and action has been taken against those who opened fire.
"This had not happened in the last 30 years. Ye Modi sarkar ka kaamal hai. Ye mere nek iradon ka saboot hai. (This is the wonder of Modi Government. It is a proof of my honest intentions)," he said.
 
He said terrorism may be over but not corruption. "I want to eliminate corruption. Unless it is eradicated, the ordinary people's lives will not become any better," he said. Giving an example of corruption in the state, Modi said that when he met families of flood hit victims during Diwali, they said money should not be given to the state government but rather transferred directly into their accounts.
"This shows they did not trust their own state Government but Modi in whom they showed so much faith," he said. The Prime Minister said he has been visiting Kashmir ever since July and would again be coming in 2015.
Modi said it is tourism and hydro-electric potential of the state which can change its face. "Tourism can give employment to even a pea-nut seller...We can open up new destinations for tourism so that
people who have visited the state can come again. This can be achieved by small measures of infrastructure at lesser known places," he said.
Modi said Kashmir has the potential to light up the entire country. "Small hydro-electric plants will give employment opportunities to youth of the state and allow them to lead a life of dignity."
RELATED NEWS

Northbound lanes of B-W Parkway blockedBy Dana Hedgpeth December 8 Follow @postmetrogirl
Updated at 9:40 a.m.
Some lanes on the northbound side of the Baltimore-Washington Parkway in Laurel are now open after an earlier fire involving a bus. The incident had closed the northbound lanes of the parkway at Route 197. Traffic is now getting by on the left and one right lane is partially blocked. The bus has been moved to the side. It was not immediately clear if there were injuries.
BW Parkway NB at 197… still have one right lane and shoulder closed. 2 lanes now get by. @nbcwashington @news4today pic.twitter.com/s98u1WZ6Ac
— First4Traffic (@First4Traffic) December 8, 2014
Original post at 9:13 a.m.
All northbound lanes of the Baltimore-Washington Parkway after Route 197 near Laurel are blocked because of a vehicle fire.
It was not immediately clear how long the roadway would be blocked but officials warned drivers to avoid the area.
It appeared from photos on social media that the vehicle on fire was a bus.
Bus on fire NB 295 at 197. Road closed. #DCtraffic @951SHINEFM pic.twitter.com/uPQZMovAlp
— Kendall Mauldin (@aero_nut) December 8, 2014
 
Dana Hedgpeth is a Post reporter, working the early morning, reporting on traffic, crime and other local issues.

Wall St. to open lower after Japan  China dataWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Cci approves merger with riders. huge positive for sun. target = 90...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Wyeth -pfizer merger approved by high court on 31 october 2014 and on ...Platinum Member
455 Followers
Pfizer share will not be /can not be credited on 12 december because after record date which is 11 december ,there is a process for allotment of shares and than credit of same to shareholders account with TEMPORARY SISIN and remarks as listing -trading approval pending.this written proof by nsdl and cdsl alongwith application for listing by Pfizer  will be needed by exchanges for approving listing application for new shares .the whole process take about 5-6 working days in normal course.
In reply to : SATYA123 message
7.38 PM Dec 8th

Cci approves merger with riders. huge positive for ranbaxy. target = ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Fccb converted shares are debt only and to recover debt it is sold . i...Silver Member
11 Followers
FCCB converted shares are DEBT only and to recover DEBT it is sold . it happened because company could not pay the debt . it is one way CIRCULAR DEBT TRADING(fccb to shares to sell shares to fccb to share and again sell shares) to recover loan from a defaulter company
In reply to : jajjakka message
7.57 PM Dec 8th

Anti-bribery initiatives: Mile to go for India Inc  shows surveyAnti-bribery initiatives: Miles to go for India Inc, shows survey
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 12:37 AM IST
Corporate India’s efforts to sensitise its employees on anti-bribery and corruption compliance efforts do not seem to resonate with most employees, show the findings of a survey. Speaking in their individual capacity, around 55 per cent of the respondents in a survey conducted by Deloitte Forensic said they were not sure if their organisation had a specific policy on anti-bribery and what the policy said. Further, 61 per cent said their companies did not discuss issues related to corporate bribery and corruption, while 65 per cent said they did not receive emails from senior management on the issue.
The Deloitte Forensic survey, promoted over social media to ensure wider reach among the working population, saw participation of 180 people.
The survey also highlighted that an organisation’s perceived corrupt demeanour had an effect on its employees. Around 88 per cent of the respondents said they would not feel comfortable working for a company that was perceived to be indulging in corrupt practices.
FIGHTING GRAFT
Findings of Deloitte Forensic survey on where India Inc misses out (% of respondents)
63%: Business mindset is that work cannot be done without bribery
55%: My organisation could adopt this policy but our business partners and vendors might not. That will lead to a low level of overall compliance
52%: There is limited communication with employees on why such a policy is necessary
In a clear sign of changing environment, around 81 per cent indicated practising ethical behaviour (in daily business activities) should be considered as an added parameter in an employee’s performance evaluation, to help drive the message of anti-bribery and corruption.
Following stricter corporate governance code mandated under the new companies law, companies have to put in place internal compliance guidelines and controls, besides appropriate checks and balances. Companies also have to manage the risk of bribery and corruption, to take into account various legislative exposures, particularly those in the US (Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, 1977) and UK (Bribery Act, 2010).
Commenting on the survey’s findings, Sumit Makhija, senior director of Deloitte Forensic (India), noted organisations seemed to have missed consistent implementation and communication of anti-bribery and corruption policies with employees. “In the long term, this can significantly affect companies’ objectives of zero-tolerance culture.”
Makhija also said corporate India was actively relooking at strengthening its code of conduct and anti-bribery and corruption policies, but it appeared the emphasis was on structuring the policy and preparing it for compliance with regulations and implementing it on business partners.

The Worlds Refugees: In Need of Hopereddit
Fifty-one million!! As we thankfully count our blessings and approach year-end celebrations, we cannot ignore the fact that the number of people displaced by violence has never been higher since the end of the second world war, when the United Nations was established to maintain international peace and security. Fifty-one million women, men and children will go to bed tonight haunted by the violence they have been exposed to, the losses they have experienced, the disruption of their families and communities. Fifty-one million women, men and children will wake up tomorrow trying to make ends meet for the day and will seek whatever shred of hope they can collect to bring back some meaning to their lives, some reason to endure, some confidence that there might be a cessation of hostilities in their homeland.
I have been following these crises for more than 20 years since I joined Refugees International 's board of directors. The Taliban insurrection in Afghanistan, Al Shabaab terrorism in Somalia and warlordism in the Congolese Kivus have kept millions on the move in large swathes of territory which are devoid of any meaningful governance. And as these crises have been left unresolved, new dramas have erupted: the Syrian conflict, this mother of all humanitarian crises, which displaces one family every minute; in Southern Sudan, the newest country in the world, whose irresponsible leaders have led their respective communities into deadly sectarian violence. In the Central African Republic, poor governance and poverty have ignited a conflict that has a religious dimension which will make it more difficult to resolve. In Myanmar the authorities have yielded to Buddhist bigotry, responsible for abject discrimination against a Muslim minority population, many of whom are now trapped in ghettos which they are not allowed to leave. And in Mexico, hundreds of thousands have been displaced by gang violence without receiving any assistance nor legal protection from their government.
In other words, as new conflicts spread and become chronic, the old ones are not edging towards any kind of resolution. Large new waves of displacement are not matched by the return of displaced people to their countries and communities of origin. The UN and non-governmental agencies that provide protection and assistance to uprooted populations are overwhelmed, having reached their limits in the mobilization of resources and the availability of trained and experienced professionals.
Some authoritative voices have declared the whole humanitarian system to be broken. And broken it is. Because notwithstanding the large amounts of humanitarian funds allocated by western governments, financial appeals fall far too short of the needs, obliging humanitarians to make some very difficult choices as to where they should spend their money. Broken because most refugees and displaced populations are today dispersed amongst local communities, and not huddled together in camps. Broken because our ability to help hosting communities is so minimal as to be meaningless. Broken because wealthy states are not prepared to correspond to the generosity of front-line states in opening their borders and admit at least some of the most vulnerable among those fleeing violence and persecution. Broken also in our ability to bring about political solutions to many of these conflicts, largely due to the insensitivity of those who have instigated these conflicts.
There is little reason to believe that the causes of the high levels of displacement that we see around the world will be addressed in the short term. But we owe it to those victims of these conflicts to do better in responding to their needs and giving them some hope. As the UN moves to organize a World Humanitarian Summit in 2016, it must be encouraged to make this the opportunity a true international venture by integrating emerging donors into what remains essentially, and is unhelpfully perceived to be, a western initiative. Development agencies, both bilateral aid and development banks (who muster much larger resources than humanitarian funding pockets) must also address displacement as a matter of policy. And wealthy states around the world must more generously share the burden in admitting, temporarily or indefinitely, a proportion of those who have been displaced.
The crisis is vast and growing. There is no way and no point in trying to make it look smaller than it is. Moral imperatives aside (supposing they can be put aside) there is no kind of denial, no turning away, that can keep the consequences of this crisis-on-the-loose away from the doorsteps of the 'safe' world. And there is no quick fix. But WE CAN DO SO MUCH BETTER! The world has the means. Every one of us, though we can't do everything, we can do something. A little can make all the difference for people living on the brink. So on this Giving Tuesday, where charity is a priority for all of us who have shelter, health and peace, we all must act on behalf of the 51 million. I hope you will join me in supporting the work of Refugees International . There is no time to lose.
Oscar-nominated actor Sam Waterston has been a member of the board of directors of Refugees International since 1986. He currently stars in HBO's The Newsroom.
More:

Are you smart enough to retire According to one study  probably not.(iStock)
When are reverse mortgages due? What triggers early withdrawal penalties? What exactly is covered by Medicare again?
Retirement planning is hard, and most people struggle to understand the fundamentals, according to a new report by the American College of Financial Services , a nonprofit that educates financial advisers. Only 20 percent of people in or near retirement who were surveyed by the group passed a quiz about the basics of retirement planning.
The group quizzed more than 1,000 people, ages 60 to 75, who had at least $100,000 in assets. The goal was to get a sense of how informed people are as they approach retirement, says Dave Littell, a director at The American College. “In some ways we expected people wouldn’t do that great on the test,” Littell says. “We were surprised at just how bad they did.”
People were most stumped by questions about the strategies that could help their money last longer in retirement. For instance, more people said they would get the biggest boost to their retirement income by saving more when they were close to retirement, but in reality pushing back retirement by a few years or delaying Social Security would have a bigger impact, Littell says. (Savings set aside at that stage don’t have as much time to benefit from investment growth, he says.)
Indeed, people often misunderstand the rules about drawing down their assets in retirement, says Gary Koenig, vice president of financial security for the AARP Public Policy Institute. People forget that they need to start taking required minimum distributions from their individual retirement accounts and 401(k)s after age 70 1/2, says Koenig, who was not involved in the study. Others don’t know that taking Social Security benefits at 62 leads to a permanent reduction in benefits, assuming incorrectly that they would start receiving full benefits once they reach full retirement age, he says.
Some of the 38 questions asked in the quiz were far from elementary, hitting on complicated retirement products like annuities. Some were more focused on investing topics like interest rate risk and mutual fund costs. (Do you know what a PE ratio is? Or what is the average lifetime payout for a 65-year-old male getting an immediate income annuity?) Some of the terminology may have tripped people up, Littell says. “Jargon is a challenge,” he says, adding that it can be tough to avoid such complicated terms.
But the confusion also highlighted another risk — people may be over confident about their retirement security. While most people struggled to answer the questions on retirement strategy,  more than half, or 55 percent, said they felt they were prepared to meet their income needs in retirement. Ninety-one percent said they were moderately confident they would have a secure retirement.
The quiz also highlighted one thing that people often get wrong that could increase their chances of running out of money in retirement — how long they are likely to live. Most people underestimate their longevity, putting them at risk of drawing down their savings too soon, collecting Social Security benefits too early and taking a lump-sum payment from a pension plan when they might be better off with an annuity, Koenig says.
What do you think, are you smart enough to retire? Test your luck with this excerpt of the quiz:
1
A 65-year-old man has an average life expectancy of approximately an additional:
10 years

Uber raises $1.2 billion  valued at $40 billionUber raises $1.2 billion, valued at $40 billion
AP  New York, December 05, 2014
First Published: 14:38 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 15:02 IST(5/12/2014)
Uber raised $1.2 billion in its latest round of funding from venture capitalists, a sign investors were little fazed by the ride-hailing app's recent spate of bad publicity over privacy violations and its corporate culture.
Advertisement
The latest investment put a value on Uber at $40 billion.
That's bigger than the stock market values of companies such as American Airlines and Twitter, or the combined value of car-rental veterans Hertz and Avis Budget Group. At the same time, it is not a guarantee that Uber would receive the same valuation as a publicly traded company that it does as a venture-backed business.
San Francisco-based Uber triggered a wave of online criticism recently after a top executive suggested spending $1 million to dig up dirt on a journalist critical of the driver-on-demand company.
It was not the first time Uber has been called out for actions by its drivers or its corporate culture. It is investigating one of its employees for tracking another journalist's ride, which has raised fears that Uber is misusing customers' private location information.
In a blog post Thursday, CEO Travis Kalanick acknowledged the company's "significant growing pains."
"The events of the recent weeks have shown us that we also need to invest in internal growth and change," he wrote. "Acknowledging mistakes and learning from them are the first steps."
He said the latest financing round will help the company make "substantial investments," particularly in Asia.
Uber's previous funding round also raised $1.2 billion. The company operates in more than 250 cities in 50 countries, although it faces regulatory hurdles and pushback from traditional taxis in many cities.
Also on Thursday, smaller rival Lyft, which has a decidedly more friendly corporate image - complete with pink moustaches on its cars - announced that it has hired a chief financial officer, Brian Roberts, and a chief marketing officer, Kira Wampler. Roberts, who joined the company in October, was previously at Walmart.

We re No. 1 When It Comes to the Gender Wage Gapwe re no. 1 when it comes to the gender wage gap
More customers stay out of banks to put money inMore customers stay out of banks to put money in
Bank tellers
By Becky Yerak , Chicago Tribune contact the reporter
Do you make deposits in banks? If not, you're not alone.
When it comes to making deposits, consumers have left bank tellers in droves, according to a recent report by Novantas Research.
The percentage of consumers preferring to make deposits with a teller has fallen to 34 percent in 2014 from 54 percent in 2012, partly reflecting investments that banks have made in technology, including improved ATMs and the ability to deposit checks by taking photos of them with smartphones.
But other types of transactions aren't budging from branches, according to the advisory firm to the financial services industry.
cComments
This may be mostly in part that your employer electronically sends your paycheck to your bank, saving you the time. However, with banks being hacked, it may be safer to do transactions in person. Though it still is put into a computer system, you at least have a receipt. Plus, do your financial...
Jackel1

Predicting epileptic seizures more than 80 percent of the timeBy Lenny Bernstein December 6 Follow @LennyMBernstein
A CT scan of a brain
There are 60 million epileptics on the planet, and while advances in medication and implantable devices have helped them, the ability to better detect and even predict when they will have debilitating seizures would be a significant improvement in their everyday lives.
Imagine, for example, if an epileptic knew with reasonable certainty that his next seizure would not occur for an hour or a day or a week. That might allow him to run to the market or go out for the evening or plan a short vacation with less concern.
Computers and even dogs have been tested in the effort to do this, but now a group of organizations battling epilepsy is  employing "big data" to help. They sponsored an online competition that drew 504 entrants who tried to develop algorithms that would detect and predict epileptic seizures.
Instead of the traditional approach of asking researchers in a handful of labs to tackle the problem, the groups put huge amounts of data online that was recorded from the brains of dogs and people as they had seizures over a number of months. They then challenged anyone interested to use the information to develop detection and prediction models.
"Seizure detection and seizure prediction," said Walter J. Koroshetz, deputy director of the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS), are "two fundamental problems in the field that are poised to take significant advantage of large data computation algorithms and benefit from the concept of sharing data and generating reproducible results."
On Friday evening, the groups announced that the prediction contest was won by a team of scientists and engineers who forecast abnormal electrical activity in the brain with 82 percent accuracy. They were led by Drew Abbot, an engineer, and Philip Adkins, a mathematician, who work at AiLive, a small company in Sunnyvale, Calif. Also on the team were Quang Tien, Simone Bosshard and Min Chen, scientists at the Center for Advanced Imaging at the University of Queensland in Australia.
The sponsors of the challenge -- NINDS, the American Epilepsy Society and the Epilepsy Foundation -- noted that six other entrants scored within five-hundredths of a percentage point of the winners.
The detection contest was won by Michael Hills, an Australian software engineer. About 500,000 of the 2 million U.S. epileptics do not respond to medication, so their best hope is "responsive neurostimulation devices" that detect seizures as quickly as possible and abort them. But a seizure is difficult to stop that way once it "builds and generalizes beyond its area of origin," according to the detection challenge . Detection algorithms also can help doctors who must analyze large amounts of data collected from patients via electroencephalograms (EEG).
One day, the contest sponsors hope, these developments will be married with the computing power of handheld devices and be used by epileptics to spare them from the worst consequences of their seizures.
Lenny Bernstein writes the To Your Health blog. He started as an editor on the Post’s National Desk in 2000 and has worked in Metro and Sports.

Climate degegates generating 29 000 tonnes of CO2: GroupBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Flights and hotels for the entire 9,000 delegates from 190 countries attending the UN climate confernece here will generate almost 29,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide, according to an estimate by a group campaigning on behalf of green energy developers.
According to Project Developer Forum, the 29,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide is roughly equivalent to the emissions produced by the entire Pacific island state of Kiribati in six months.
Benny Peiser, of the climate-sceptic Global Warming Policy Foundation described the 12-day climate summit in the Peruvian capital as the “green blob’s annual ritual” and “an expensive form of mass tourism, never mind the carbon footprint”.
“More importantly, the ritual gathering isn’t going to overcome the underlying deadlock,” he said.
“The developing world will ask for a high price which will sink the deal in the US.” He said he believed any deal would not be legally-binding and that this would lead the EU to renege on its own carbon-cutting pledges.
“In short, the deal that is now in the making won’t slow CO2 emissions and won’t bind any nation. But it will be sold as a breakthrough â€“ as all agreements have been sold in the past,” he was quoted as saying by The Telegraph.
The delegates are attempting to draft a global climate deal which is due to be officially agreed at next year’s summit in Paris. The aim is to come up with an agreement that will cut greenhouse gas emissions in order to limit global warming to two degree centigrade above pre-industrial levels, beyond which scientists say the effects will be far more dangerous.
TAGS: Climate Summit UN Climate Change Conference
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Common drugs affecting plant growth: StudyIndia ranks 65th on tourism competitiveness index
The commonly prescribed drugs such as diclofenac and ibuprofen that we release into the environment are likely to have a significant impact on plant growth, a new study has warned.
By assessing the impacts of a range of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, the research has shown that the growth of edible crops can be affected by these chemicals – even at the very low concentrations found in the environment.
The research led by the University of Exeter Medical School and Plymouth University focused its analysis on lettuce and radish plants and tested the effects of several commonly prescribed drugs, including diclofenac and ibuprofen.
These drugs are among the most common and widely used group of pharmaceuticals, with more than 30 million prescribed across the world every day, researchers said.
The potential for these chemicals to influence plants is becoming increasingly relevant, particularly as waste management systems are unable to remove many compounds from our sewage.
Drugs for human use make their way into soil through a number of routes, including the use of sewage sludge as fertiliser and waste water for irrigation.
The study looked for a number of changes in edible plants, assessing factors such as water content, root and shoot length, overall size and how effectively the plants photosynthesised.
Each drug was shown to affect the plants in very specific ways, with marked differences between drugs that are closely related.
For example, drugs from the fenamic acid class affected the growth of radish roots, whilst ibuprofen had a significant influence on the early root development of lettuce plants.
“The huge amounts of pharmaceuticals we use ultimately end up in the environment, yet we know very little about their effects on flora and fauna,” Dr Clare Redshaw, one of the scientists leading the project at the Medical School’s European Centre for Environment & Human Health, said.
“As populations age and generic medicines become readily available, pharmaceutical use will rise dramatically and it’s essential we take steps towards limiting environmental contamination.
“We haven’t considered the impact on human health in this study, but we need to improve our understanding quickly so that appropriate testing and controls can be put in place,” said Redshaw.
There have been growing concerns about the presence of pharmaceuticals in the environment, particularly as evidence emerges of the effects they can have on the development of animals and antibiotic resistance in bacteria. Yet their ability to affect plant growth is poorly understood.
The study was published in the Journal of Ecotoxicology and Environmental Safety.
More from lifestyle
Sparks fly when egg meets sperm: Study Sparks fly when an egg meets sperm, according to a new study which found that the fertilised mammalian egg releases from its surface billions of zinc atoms that create tiny 'zinc sparks'.

Sporting View: Crash of the RGIIIDecember 7, 2014 3:31 pm
Redskins’ RGIII joins the bench of sport’s fallen heroes
Jurek Martin
The Redskins quarterback’s downfall has been played out through press leaks and Twitter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f3dc5192-7bc6-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

National champions: England expectsLast updated: December 7, 2014 5:37 pm
Britain’s champions need to up their game
Jonathan Guthrie
It’s high time for GlaxoSmithKline and Rolls-Royce to start earning their national status
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/366edd86-7c8a-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chris Baker does Hands Up Dont Shoot gesture in loss to the RamsBy Dan Steinberg and Mike Jones December 7 Follow @dcsportsbog Follow @mikejoneswapo
(Fox)
Redskins defensive lineman Chris Baker, who has been outspoken about the Mike Brown and Eric Garner deaths in recent weeks, joined several other athletes by making an on-field demonstration of solidarity on Sunday.
After recording a sack of Rams quarterback Shaun Hill midway through the third quarter, Baker first raised his arms in celebration. Then he moved his arms closer together, making the “Hands Up, Don’t Shoot” gesture that has been used by demonstrators across the country . Baker confirmed the meaning of his gesture to reporters after the game, and later posted it about it on Instagram.
“Hands Up Don’t Shoot,” he wrote , adding the hashtags “#BLACKLIVESMATTER #nojustice #RIP #MICHAELBROWN #ERICGARNER #TIME4ACHANGE.”
The 27-year old Baker has been among the most outspoken Redskins on the deaths of Brown and Garner, writing about them on his Twitter account.
They go out the way to put us in jail for dogs but kill us like dogs and go home and say #STANDMYGROUND
The BLACK MALE getting killed by white cops and there's never any justice. They get away with it every time. #THINGSNEVERCHANGED #racism
— Chris Baker (@cbaker92redskin) November 25, 2014
Serve and protect has turned into harass and kill who's polices the police??? #nojustice #MichaelBrown #EricGarner
— Chris Baker (@cbaker92redskin) December 3, 2014
No indictment when you have the crime on video start to finish what's the point of these Body Cameras? #noindictment #nojustice #EricGarner
— Chris Baker (@cbaker92redskin) December 3, 2014
Both Reggie Bush and Derrick Rose have worn “I Can’t Breathe” shirts in recent days, a reference to Garner’s final words. The Rams sparked national headlines when several players made the “Hands Up, Don’t Shoot” gesture before last week’s win over the Raiders ; several Redskins players had made the same gesture during the preseason . Several members of the Rams also wore the “I Can’t Breathe” message on their equipment during Sunday’s Redskins game .
Baker also raised his arms in celebration after Hill was sacked in the first half, not seeing that Hill had fumbled the ball. The lineman said he was not doing the “Hands Up, Don’t Shoot” celebration during that earlier sack.
Great catch by @dcsportsbog . Chris Baker celebrates while the Rams recover the fumble. pic.twitter.com/APxlMnwoF7
— michael phillips (@michaelpRTD) December 7, 2014
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.
Mike Jones covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post. When not writing about a Redskins development of some kind – which is rare – he can be found screaming and cheering at one of his kids’ softball, baseball, soccer or basketball games.

Dan Steinberg and Mike JonesThree of Washington’s past four meetings with Florida have been decided via shootout.
Dec 16, 2014
The four-part series premiers Tuesday night on Epix.
Dec 16, 2014
The Panthers are tied for the NHL’s lead in one-goal games and have managed points in 18 of 20.
Dec 16, 2014
“We’re in the business of winning and we want to have the ability to use our best players to win,” the coach said.
Dec 16, 2014
Washington’s league-leading man-advantage unit has scored once in its past 10 tries, so Coach Barry Trotz returned Green to the point of the 1-3-1 scheme.
Dec 16, 2014
Among other teams, the Washington Capitals give their players video of recent games to study and learn from.
Dec 15, 2014
The Capitals made their decision official Monday, holding the 19-year-old rookie back from the annual under-20 tournament.
Dec 15, 2014
With a 4-0-1 record in his team’s past five games, the Capitals’ coach talked Monday about reaching the postseason.
Dec 15, 2014
Since Latta returned to the lineup, his possession numbers haven’t been great, but the Capitals are 4-1.
Dec 14, 2014
With a metaphor about driving through western Canada, Coach Barry Trotz explained why he thought the Capitals had.
Dec 14, 2014
Load More
About
A Falls Church native, Alex Prewitt joined the Post in the fall of 2012, covering University of Maryland athletics. He is a 2012 graduate of Tufts University. Prior to joining the Post, he worked for the Boston Globe, the Minneapolis Star Tribune, ESPN.com and USA Today.
Most Read

Updated apology digs deeper hole for Rolling StoneBy Erik Wemple December 7 Follow @ErikWemple
People gather with signs during a protest at the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house at the University of Virginia on Nov. 22. (Ryan M. Kelly/Associated Press)
Rolling Stone magazine has updated the “ note to readers ” that it posted Friday in light of a Washington Post report casting doubts on its article “A Rape on Campus” by Sabrina Rubin Erdely, which told the horrific story of a University of Virginia freshman named Jackie suffering a seven-man gang rape in 2012 at the prestigious Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house. “We apologize to anyone who was affected by the story and we will continue to investigate the events of that evening,” reads the last line of the note.
The new version makes one significant deletion. Gone is this line: “In the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie’s account, and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced.” That sentiment aligned with an ugly history of blaming rape victims for their trauma and for shaming them when their stories occasionally don’t pan out. Now, the key line reads, “These mistakes are on Rolling Stone, not on Jackie.”
That’s not only more sensitive, but more accurate as well. The change in tone appears consistent with a tweet issued by Rolling Stone Managing Editor Will Dana on Friday:
6/ That failure is on us – not on her.
— Will Dana (@wdana) December 5, 2014
Now that Rolling Stone is coming around to accepting blame, the question has become how much of it must come its way. A lot, as it turns out.
To recap the holes identified by The Post on Friday:
• Some of Jackie’s close friends have come to doubt her account, whereas Erdely said after the story was published that the friends’ accounts were “ consistent ” with her story. Some of those doubts were seeded before Rolling Stone descended on the University of Virginia. For instance, Jackie initially told then-U-Va. senior Emily Renda that she was attacked by five men, later changing the number to seven. “I don’t even know what I believe at this point,” Renda told The Post. Rolling Stone told the Erik Wemple Blog that Erdely had interviewed “dozens” of Jackie’s friends .
• Whereas Rolling Stone reported that Jackie had emerged bloodied and battered from the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house amid a party on Sept. 28, 2012, The Post reported conflicting accounts from friends that arrived to help her. One of them told the paper that Jackie “did not appear physically injured at the time but was visibly shaken and told him and two other friends that she had been at a fraternity party and had been forced to have oral sex with a group of men” — a different scenario, though still horrible, from the gang rape alleged in Rolling Stone.
• Phi Kappa Psi says it didn’t hold “a date function or social event” on the night in question.
• Rolling Stone reported that Jackie had met “Drew,” the Phi Kappa Psi brother who led her into the gang rape,  as they worked as lifeguards at the university pool. The fraternity claims that no member worked at the pool in 2012.
• One of the attackers identified by Jackie to friends “was actually the name of a student who belongs to a different fraternity, and no one by that name has been a member of Phi Kappa Psi.” That man told The Post that “he never met Jackie in person and never took her out on a date. He also said he was not a member of Phi Kappa Psi.”
Students held a candlelight vigil to raise awareness on sexual assault Friday night as Rolling Stone cited “discrepancies” in an article that reported a gang rape in a campus fraternity. (Reuters)
” ]
The central confession of the Rolling Stone “note to readers” reflects heinous wrongdoing. At the request of Jackie, the magazine refrained from contacting the accused in this incident. “Because of the sensitive nature of Jackie’s story,” reads the note, “we decided to honor her request not to contact the man who she claimed orchestrated the attack on her nor any of the men who she claimed participated in the attack for fear of retaliation against her.” The idea that the magazine was honoring a victim’s request conflicts with what a Rolling Stone editor told The Post’s Paul Farhi : “We did not talk to them. We could not reach them,” said Sean Woods of Rolling Stone.
So did the magazine lie about its reporting efforts? Have some sympathy here: What would you do if forced to choose between admitting that you agreed with a source not to contact other sources and admitting that your publication lacked the sophistication to track down modern day college students with presumably large digital footprints?
In any case, Rolling Stone now acknowledges that not checking with the other side was a mistake, though the abandonment of common sense and journalism merely starts with this critical omission. As the story explains, Jackie has declined to file a complaint about the incident, a documentary problem that places ever more emphasis on multilateral sourcing: The accused assailants, friends, witnesses — anyone who could support or knock down the account.
Right smack in the middle of the Rolling Story are three people who could help. Here, we’ll paste in the excerpt from “A Rape on Campus” that introduces them:
Disoriented, Jackie burst out a side door, realized she was lost, and dialed a friend, screaming, “Something bad happened. I need you to come and find me!” Minutes later, her three best friends on campus – two boys and a girl (whose names are changed) – arrived to find Jackie on a nearby street corner, shaking. “What did they do to you? What did they make you do?” Jackie recalls her friend Randall demanding. Jackie shook her head and began to cry. The group looked at one another in a panic. They all knew about Jackie’s date; the Phi Kappa Psi house loomed behind them. “We have to get her to the hospital,” Randall said.
Their other two friends, however, weren’t convinced. “Is that such a good idea?” she recalls Cindy asking. “Her reputation will be shot for the next four years.” Andy seconded the opinion, adding that since he and Randall both planned to rush fraternities, they ought to think this through. The three friends launched into a heated discussion about the social price of reporting Jackie’s rape, while Jackie stood beside them, mute in her bloody dress, wishing only to go back to her dorm room and fall into a deep, forgetful sleep. Detached, Jackie listened as Cindy prevailed over the group: “She’s gonna be the girl who cried ‘rape,’ and we’ll never be allowed into any frat party again.”
Did Rolling Stone ever interview those people or other key folks? Read the lines above, and you’ll hear their voices — filtered through Jackie. “Randall,” notes Erdely in the story, turned down an interview request on account of his “loyalty to his own frat” — yet another little detail in “A Rape on Campus” that stinks of implausibility.
On the topic of the reachability of these friends, Rolling Stone commits perhaps the most self-damaging parenthetical in the history of journalistic self-assessment. It comes from the magazine’s “note to readers”: “A friend of Jackie’s (who we were told would not speak to Rolling Stone) told the Washington Post that he found Jackie that night a mile from the school’s fraternities.” Bold text added to highlight an un-get-pastable problem: Rolling Stone is in possession of a gang-rape allegation that includes a broken glass table, seven assailants and penetration with a bottle. Not only does it not have an official complaint, it has agreed not to contact the accused AND it has apparently accepted the affirmation of some interested party that a pivotal source isn’t really up for an interview.
Where is that an acceptable excuse?
The Erik Wemple Blog has asked Rolling Stone whether the parenthetical means that the magazine didn’t even try to find this person and whether it’s standard practice to let others speak for a source’s willingness to cooperate. (It’s possible that it refers only to Rolling Stone’s efforts to reach this person after “A Rape on Campus” was published). Also: Who was it that told the magazine that the friend wouldn’t talk?
Rolling Stone spokeswoman Melissa Bruno responds, “We decline to comment further at this time.”
In a follow-up to its Friday piece , The Post has some insight on Rolling Stone’s approach to these friends. Or lack thereof. The person identified in the Rolling Stone story as “Cindy” told the newspaper that Erdely’s version of events was “completely false.” That’s less condemnatory of Rolling Stone than “Cindy’s” contention that the magazine neither contacted nor interviewed her. Furthermore, “Andy” told The Post that he “never spoke to a Rolling Stone reporter,” as reported on Friday .
Thus far, assessments of the damage done by Erdely’s piece have focused on how it distracts from the cause of stomping out sexual assault at the University of Virginia and on other campuses. And indeed it does. But this widely distributed magazine also managed to slander an entire group of people via its depiction of “Cindy,” “Andy” and “Randall.” The way Erdely tells it, the trio arrives to assist Jackie within minutes of her calling in the wee hours of the morning, yet once they get there, they’re somehow consumed with superficialities. The blast from Erdely is so searing as to merit repetition:
The three friends launched into a heated discussion about the social price of reporting Jackie’s rape, while Jackie stood beside them, mute in her bloody dress, wishing only to go back to her dorm room and fall into a deep, forgetful sleep. Detached, Jackie listened as Cindy prevailed over the group: “She’s gonna be the girl who cried ‘rape,’ and we’ll never be allowed into any frat party again.”
“Cindy” told The Post that “there was never any discussion among Jackie and the group involving how their reputations or social status might be affected by seeking help.” Rolling Stone offered its apology to “anyone who was affected by the story,” and that means every student, alumna and alumnus.
Again : Fire the Rolling Stone editors who worked on this story.
A final note: The Rolling Stone note pledges that it will “continue to investigate the events of that evening.” Sorry, but the time to do that was before publishing.
 
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

How Macys uses SocialCodeBy Thomas Heath December 5 Follow @addedvalueth
Macy’s is one of SocialCode’s biggest customers.
SocialCode is one of the services the retailer uses to push its brands, products and special content to reach the right audiences at a large scale on Facebook and Twitter.
Take Thanksgiving Day. Macy’s created reams of content straight from the staging area and route of its three-hour parade. This content was posted on a variety of social media platforms, including Facebook and Twitter.
From Macy’s Herald Square headquarters, two SocialCode techies helped the Macy’s social media team deliver that content in real time to the Facebook and Twitter users they believed would be most engaged and interested.
Whether it was fans of a pop star performing in the parade that day or of a character such as SpongeBob SquarePants, SocialCode helped Macy’s put the behind-the-scenes, live-as-it-happens content on their social radar.
Under old media, an advertiser buys an ad that reaches the largest audience possible, hoping to reach as many would-be buyers as possible.
It’s sort of “spray and pray.”
SocialCode helps advertisers such as Macy’s more efficiently target at a large scale those Facebook and Twitter users who are most likely to purchase specific types of products from their stores with relevant ads featuring those products.
Whether it’s the home cook always on the lookout for the latest kitchen gadgets or the millennial hunting for the season’s “it” handbag, the advertising they receive will be the most relevant to their individual needs, wants and interests.
“Right now, we have our ‘Friends & Family’ event going on in our stores and online,” said Jennifer Kasper, Macy’s group vice president for digital media and multicultural marketing. “So take me, for example, I would receive the Macy’s Friends & Family ad that includes shoes, handbags and women’s apparel, because I’ve previously expressed interest or engaged with content focused on these types of products. While someone else, maybe a chef, may receive a version of the advertising that includes stand mixers, kitchen gadgets and other home products.”
More from Capital Business:
For a daily rundown of Washington area business news, sign up for the “CapBiz A.M.” e-mail newsletter.
Thomas Heath is a local business reporter and columnist, writing about entrepreneurs and various companies big and small in the Washington Metropolitan area. Previously, he wrote about the business of sports for The Post’s sports section for most of a decade.

The last remnants of the old New Republic have been swept awayBy Will Baude December 8
Like a lot of people who write on the internet, I also once worked at The New Republic. In my case it was for one summer, between college and law school, and I was a lowly intern working for “TNR Online.” (I guess that was the beginning of The New Republic’s transformation to a “vertically integrated digital media company”?)
I’d gotten the job because of one professor who had a lot of faith in me and some writing I’d done in college. It was at TNR Online where I published my first articles about law. (All of them, ironically, have disappeared since.) It was at TNR where I first had a job that was intellectually hard. It was at TNR where I first had a job that required me to stay late at the office, and it made me want to stay late at the office.
When I started law school the next year, I started to dig into the New Republic’s history. My first year of law school, I used to spend nights and weekends in the Sterling Library archives, finding and devouring old New Republic columns by Alexander Bickel. For me, Bickel’s columns will always be the real New Republic.
So for me the New Republic has been fading for a long time. But last week’s announcement of mass departures is the final blow. Given how much an intellectual institution is composed of its members and its social norms, I think it is fair to say that whatever remained of the institution of The New Republic is now dead.
Chris Hughes, the stranded owner of The New Republic, has an op-ed in the Post that I guess is supposed to be a defense of his regime. But while it contains the word “institution” eleven times, it doesn’t really contain any substantive content or reason to believe that Hughes understands or values anything that was ever good about The New Republic. (Jack Goldsmith calls Hughes’s op-ed “just platitudes” .)
My reaction here is more sadness than specific criticism of Hughes. While I’m sad to see The New Republic go, the political coverage had been slipping for some time. To be sure, that wasn’t nearly as true of the “back of the book,” run by the seemingly-immortal Leon Wieseltier. As Josh Chafetz says :
The New Republic’s back of the book was motivated by nothing so much as an abiding belief that ideas matter, that culture matters, and that if you write about them in a deep and serious way, you can make other people see that and how they matter. This is a — perhaps the — liberal project, in the broadest and most inclusive sense of that term.
Indeed, the back of the book was probably the most significant remnant of the old New Republic, and its destruction is the saddest part of the institution’s demise.
There’s also lots of criticism bouncing around about how self-satisfied, arrogant, and elitist The New Republic was. Fair enough. But that arrogance was also bound up with that “abiding belief that ideas matter.”
Here’s one more story: The summer I interned at The New Republic they were working on the “Were We Wrong?” issue. The staff had supported Bush’s War in Iraq, and many of them had come to wonder if they’d made a terrible mistake. I was seen and not heard in all these discussions, but what struck me was the moral seriousness with which everybody thought about the project. People unironically used the phrase: “blood on our hands.”
Now of course there is something ridiculously arrogant about that. The New Republic probably did not cause the Iraq War. But at the same time, there was something profound about intellectuals taking their own ideas — and their own mistakes — that seriously. People at The New Republic genuinely worried that being wrong about politics and ideas could cause death. Ridiculous or not, the world needs more people who think ideas are that important.
Lots more good stuff has been written about The New Republic’s demise (intellectuals and journalists mourn their own), like this from Jack Goldsmith , this from Paul Horwitz , this from Dan Drezner , and this from Megan McArdle .
But the thing that seems most appropriate now is this announcement from the magazine’s founding:
The New Republic is frankly an experiment. It is an attempt to find national audience for a journal of interpretation and opinion. Many people believe that such a journal is out of place in America; that if a periodical is to be popular it must first of all be entertaining, or that if it is to be serious, it must be detached and select. Yet when the plan of The New Republic was being discussed it received spontaneous welcome from people in all parts of the country. They differed in theories and programmes; but they agreed that if The New Republic could bring sufficient enlightenment to the problems of the nation and sufficient sympathy to its complexities, it would serve all those who feel the challenge of our time. On the conviction that this is possible The New Republic is founded. Its success inevitably depends on public support, but if we are unable to achieve that success under the conditions essential to sound and disinterested thinking, we shall discontinue our experiment and make way for better men. Meanwhile, we set out with faith.
The bad news is that The New Republic experiment has finally failed. But the good news is that there are still a lot of smart people who care passionately about ideas and about rebuking error. They just write elsewhere now.
(P.S. Sorry about the hyperbolic post-title, but the chance to quote Grand Moff Tarkin was irresistible.)
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

10 morning habits successful people swear by10 Morning Habits Successful People Swear By
By Jennifer Cohen | Forbes –  Wed 26 Nov, 2014 4:39 PM IST
Print
Up and at ‘em! Morning people are successful people. Just ask any CEO, politician, professional athlete or inventor out there – they all start their day at the crack of dawn, gaining a leg up on the competition. Create a routine and stick with it. Studies prove that willpower is the strongest in the morning before exhaustion and other priorities get in your way. Adopt a morning ritual and you will start to see BIG results. So hold off hitting that snooze button and read up on some tips to guarantee a more productive future!
1. Get Up An Hour Early:
There is a 25th hour in the day. You’ve just been sleeping through it. Getting up an hour earlier is going to take time to adjust to, but once you make it a habit, you will never look back. Research has shown, not only are early risers more optimistic and conscientious, they also anticipate problems and minimize them more efficiently.  Which of course is crucial to success in the business world.
More on Forbes: Top 10 Ways To Master Self-Control
2. Visualize!
Early hours foster reflection. Enjoy the quiet and take some time to map out your day. Think through your goals and to-dos. Take whatever notes you need to ensure your day will be calmer and more efficient. Research has shown that even two minutes of visualization and positive thinking can improve your mood and clarity for the entire day ahead.
More on Forbes: 4 Reasons Why Taking Fitness Seriously Makes You a Great Leader
3. Eat Breakfast:
Time is a luxury, enjoy it and feed yourself a wholesome breakfast. Sit down with your family and enjoy a hearty bowl of oatmeal. Fuel your body for the tasks that lay ahead of you. It will help you maintain a steady focus throughout the day.
4. Say Buh-Bye To THAT One Big Task:
Reprioritize your to-do list, placing the most dreaded task at the top of your list. Instead of letting it loom over you all day save yourself the agony and stress and get it done first thing. You will feel a sense of relief and be more ready and willing to tackle any trivial task that follows. Besides, the morning is the time when you typically have the most energy and feel the most rested. Sounds like a win-win to me!
More on Forbes: 7 Ways To Charm The Pants Off Of Everyone
5. Motivational Mantra:
Step One - Dig deep and find out what inspires you. Step Two - Create a mantra. Step Three – Repeat that same saying to yourself every morning. Step Four – Breathe and relax. You will feel more motivated and focused than ever before.
6. Get Moving:
Morning workouts not only give you a boost of energy, they pump you up, ensuring your senses are up and running. You’ll feel ready to tackle any problem that comes your way. Studies have shown that people are less likely to come up with excuses early in the morning. 
7. Pack Snacks!
Eating fuels your brain, improving focus, productivity and memory. Plan your snacks ahead of time and drop some bars into your bag. I opt for a protein-filled KIND Bar which is completely natural and prevents my blood sugar from dropping.  Smart snacking is critical for keeping your metabolism going and your brain working at full capacity through your busy day.
8. Toss It!
Learn to let go of the things that are cluttering your life. It’s one thing to try to clear your mind, but sometimes you have to physically toss something to feel lighter. So get rid of something – old magazines, junk mail, apps on your phone, old receipts or papers and watch how your attitude changes throughout the day. Our lives get cluttered so easily, but they can become uncluttered just as fast. Remember that.
9. Go To Bed Early:
If you want to watch one more episode on Netflix think again.  Getting the proper amount of sleep is critical to not only your mental health and creativity but to weight control. When your biorhythms are off it wreaks havoc on your entire system. Getting the proper sleep your body needs sets you up for success in everything else you want to achieve. So rest up, you have much to accomplish tomorrow!
10. Silence:
Waking up early offers you opportunities that few get to enjoy – watch the sun rise, hear the sound of birds chirping, and just be still. We are always on the move. Sit and enjoy the morning calm. It’s a brief time where you can be alone with your thoughts. Just breathe.
 

Interest in Infosys counter on the rise: PhillipCapInfosys Ltd.
In a chat with ET Now, Vineet Bhatnagar , MD, PhillipCapital , shares his views on Infosys.
ET Now: The Infosys promoters have applied for declassification, but there is selling of $1.05 billion worth of stocks . The book is closed as well. The bonus shares hit the markets today. It is already down about 2.5 per cent in the pre-open session. What more is in store for the stock in the near term?
Vineet Bhatnagar: The fact that there was enough demand in the secondary market for the kind of lot that has come out is indicative of the fact that there is still a pent-up demand for this particular name, the erstwhile bellwether for the sector.
A lot of new money — long only money — that is going to come into India will definitely find way into names like Infosys Ltd. and State bank of India . If you like a three-year view, then you must be looking at Infosys. Sikka seems to be making a good amount of news as well. I would imagine that there is interest in the stock for those with a three-year kind of view.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Typhoon Hagupit: Manila braces for storm that has left 21 deadBy: Associated Press | Manila |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:42 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 11:16 am
A storm that started as a frighteningly powerful typhoon started to blow away from the Philippines Tuesday, after leaving at least 21 people dead and forcing more than a million into shelters.
Typhoon Hagupit (pronounced HA’-goo-pit) dissipated into a tropical depression after crossing Lubang Island, 135 kilometers (84 miles) southwest of Manila, and was blowing into the South China Sea, forecasters said.
Batangas, the last major province lashed by Hagupit overnight, has so far not reported any casualties or major damage, echoing similar assessments from many central Philippines provinces spared of major losses.
“With God’s grace, there are zero casualties and no injuries because we were able to prepare,” said Mayor Rodolfo Manalo of Batangas’ idyllic San Juan town, a flood-prone coastal community popular for its beach resorts, where more than 2,800 villagers fled to a public gymnasium before the storm slammed ashore.
Many of the archipelago’s central provinces were still reeling from last year’s monster Typhoon Haiyan, which left more than 7,300 people dead or missing and a massive trail of destruction, fueling worries about Hagupit as it approached from the Pacific with menacing gusts of 250 kph (155 mph) last week.
Those concerns meant more than a million people readily fled from villages in the path of Hagupit _ Filipino for “smash” or “lash _ into government emergency shelters.
Hagupit left at least 21 people dead, many of whom drowned in Eastern Samar province, where the typhoon made its first landfall, according to the Philippine Red Cross. The government disaster-response agency has reported only 11 deaths, saying it was still verifying other reported casualties.
Although Hagupit blew in from the Pacific with enormous force, seasonal cold winds blowing down from China deprived it of the warm and humid seas where it draws power. The typhoon, the 18th to batter this disaster-prone country this year, slowly fizzled out.

Honeymoon murder: South Africa court acquits Shrien DewaniA South African court cleared British businessman Shrien Dewani on Monday of charges that he paid hitmen to kill his wife while they were on honeymoon in Cape Town four years ago.
related stories
Shrien Dewani case: Lavish wedding to murder trial
State prosecutors had argued that Dewani paid 15,000 rand  ($1,300) in a plot with taxi driver Zola Tongo and others to kidnap and murder his wife, Anni, in November 2010, charges he has consistently denied.
Three South Africans, who had implicated Dewani as part of plea bargains for reduced sentences, are serving lengthy jail terms for her murder.
Dewani's defence team asked the court last month to dismiss the case due to a lack of evidence and contradictions from key witnesses.
"The application is granted. The accused is found not guilty on this charge," said Judge Jeanette Traverso, having earlier questioned the reliability of the state's witnesses.
A stony-faced Dewani stood up and walked down the courtroom stairs toward the holding cells. He is expected to be released and could fly home to Britain later on Monday.
Dewani's trial is the second high-profile case this year to turn the spotlight on South Africa's judicial system and high murder rate.
A Pretoria high court in October sentenced Olympic and Paralympic runner Oscar Pistorius to five years in jail for shooting dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.

Paris and Berlin seek EU emissions delayLast updated: December 8, 2014 4:29 pm
Paris and Berlin seek to delay cuts in EU car emissions standards
Andy Sharman in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c6262a0-7e28-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CCI clears Sun-Ranbaxy merger deal with riders; asks two cos to divest some productsCCI
(The fair trade regulator's…)
NEW DELHI: Drug-makers Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy today got fair trade watchdog CCI's approval for their long- pending USD 4-billion merger, but with a condition that they will have to modify the deal by divesting seven key products to address monopoly concerns.
The regulator, which has ordered Ranbaxy to sell six products and Sun to divest one, will also appoint a monitoring committee to oversee compliance to the conditions put forth by it to ensure that the merger does not hit competition.
The approval, which comes within days of clearance from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), for the deal that was announced in April and would create create India's largest and world's fifth biggest drug-maker.
Besides, this was the first case which the Competition Commission of India (CCI) subjected to a public scrutiny process as it had found the deal 'prima facie' in violation of the competition laws.
In its order dated December 5 and made public today, the CCI said it "approves the proposed combination... subject to the parties carrying out the modification to the proposed combination".
CCI has directed Sun Pharma to divest all products containing 'Tamsulosin + Tolterodine' which are at present marketed and supplied under the Tamlet brand name.
Similarly, Ranbaxy would be required to divest all products containing Leuprorelin which are marketed and supplied under the Eligard brand name.
Ranbaxy would also have to divest products such as Terlibax, Rosuvas EZ, Olanex F, Raciper L and Triolvance.
According to the fair trade watchdog, the modification to the proposed deal aims "to maintain the existing level of competition in the relevant markets in India".
The merged entity would have operations in 65 nations, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, along with a global portfolio of speciality and generic products.
CCI Chairman Ashok Chawla later said this was the Commission's final order in the case and it was likely to appoint the monitoring agency in the next few days to oversee compliance to the directions.
As per the order, Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy have six months to divest or procure the divestiture of divestment products.
"The divestiture shall not be given effect to unless and until the Commission has approved the terms of final and binding sale and purchase agreement(s) and the purchaser(s) proposed by the parties," the order said.
"The proposed combination shall not be effected by the parties until approved sale and purchase agreement(s) have been entered into in accordance with the order," it added.
CCI also asked the two firms to give full information regarding divestment products to potential purchasers so as to enable them to undertake reasonable due diligence.
"The parties may require the potential purchasers to execute a confidentiality agreement before providing access to information regarding the divestment product(s)," CCI said.
  Further, CCI would appoint a monitoring agency to "monitor the due diligence process, including the preparation of data room documentation, in accordance with the monitoring agency agreement".
Sun and Ranbaxy are each required to appoint a senior management level employee within seven days who would under the supervision of the monitoring agency ensure that the economic viability, marketability and competitiveness of the divestment products are maintained till the closing date.
As per the Commission's order divestment would not include any manufacturing facilities of the two companies, intellectual property rights which do not contribute to the current operations as well as general books of account and books of original entry that comprise the parties permanent accounting or tax records.
In April, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries announced it would acquire troubled rival Ranbaxy Laboratories in a USD 4-billion deal that includes USD 800 million debt. The transaction has valued Ranbaxy at 2.2 times its USD 1.8 billion revenue for 2013, or about Rs 457 per share.
The fair trade watchdog has directed the two companies not to acquire any of the divested products for a period of five years.
"The parties shall, for a period of five years from the closing date, not acquire direct or indirect influence over the whole or part of the divestment product(s)," the order said.
In case both entities do not reach an agreement with the purchaser regarding the sale of the divestment products within the given time then the regulator would direct setting up of a independent divestiture agency.
"... the Commission may direct the parties to divest the alternative divestment product(s) and may... appoint an independent agency as divestiture agency to effect the divestiture," the order said.
In such a scenario, the two companies should grant a comprehensive and duly executed power of attorney in favour of the divestiture agency.
Besides, the agency would have the power to appoint advisors to assist with the sale process.
"The power of attorney shall include the authority to grant sub-powers and the divestiture agency shall be given the sole authority to sell the alternative divestment product(s)," the order said.
The agency would also have the right and authority to sell the products at "no minimum price" to approved purchaser.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ban Ki-moon to attend Vibrant Gujarat Summit...Ban Ki-Moon
(The Secretary General is…)
GANDHINAGAR: UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon will take part in the 'Vibrant Gujarat Summit-2015' during his two-day visit to Prime Minister NarendraModi's home state on January 10 and 11 next year.
"Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General of the UN, is going to take part in our Vibrant Gujarat Summit-2015. He will come to Gujarat on January 10 and he will be present at the inauguration function on January 11," Finance minister and Gujarat Government Spokesperson Saurabh Patel said today.
The Secretary General is also likely to visit Sabarmati Ashram of Mahatma Gandhi in Ahmedabad and a few other places in the state on January 11, Patel added.
Patel said that this would be the first ever visit of the UN Secretary General to a business summit. He had earlier visited India in 2012.
According to a state government official, the upcoming Vibrant Gujarat Summit will witness the highest number of foreign dignitaries, including Ban Ki-moon and heads of several other countries.
The state government is going to organise the Vibrant Gujarat International Investors Summit-2015 from January 11 to 13 next year with an aim to attract more investment in the state.
Modi ideated upon organising biennial investors' summit in 2003 during his chief ministerial regime in Gujarat.
Since 2003, Modi had held six such investors' summit, which resulted in signing of thousands of crores rupees' Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) promising investment in Gujarat.
Modi will be present to inaugurate the summit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi rape: Uber s cup of woes has boiled overDec 08, 2014, 06.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Delhi rape: Uber's cup of woes has boiled over
While this is still a developing story, initial reports suggest Uber did not even meet basic safety criteria, such as installing a GPS tracker in the accused driver’s cab or doing requisite background checks on him.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Delhi rape: Uber's cup of woes has boiled over
While this is still a developing story, initial reports suggest Uber did not even meet basic safety criteria, such as installing a GPS tracker in the accused driver’s cab or doing requisite background checks on him.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Not a stranger to controversy, US-based Uber’s latest brush with noteriety is the most serious one yet, at least in India.
After a driver associated with the taxi-hailing service has been accused of raping a customer in Delhi, it appears that this is something the company is going to find it difficult to wriggle out – with its business and reputation intact.
While this is still a developing story, initial reports suggest Uber did not even meet basic safety criteria, such as installing a GPS tracker in the accused driver’s cab or doing requisite background checks on him.
Media reports have quoted Uber drivers as saying, anonymously of course, that the cab service is so busy tying up with drivers, in its aim to become number one, that safety procedures have been given a short shrift.
According to latest developments, Delhi government has already banned the service in the wake of the scandal.
This is not the first time Uber has made headlines for the wrong reasons.
Earlier, the Reserve Bank of India came down hard on the service for facilitating credit card payments while bypassing the mandatory two-step verification process mandated for transactions in India.
Uber complied with the law by phasing out credit card payments system and tying with prepaid wallet service PayTM.
The fast-growing cab service that started in the US today operates in 45 countries and over 200 cities. But along the way, it has made as much news for controversies as it has for its savvy promotion techniques, heavy discounts and enviable success.
According to Wikipedia, the more serious accusations against the firm including sabotaging a US rival -- in which Uber employees would book its cabs only to cancel them later – threatening journalists who have written against it, and flouting privacy laws. The company has also faced protests from local cab drivers in various cities and faced regulatory opposition in about 12 countries.
But the latest Delhi incident appears it will erode the ambitious young company’s brand equity in a serious way and it will soon have to decide how fast it wants to achieve success and at what cost.
RELATED NEWS

Hyster-TIL roll out 100th reach stacker from Kharagpur facilityHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Hyster-TIL roll out 100th reach stacker from Kharagpur facility
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Dec 8:  
Kolkata-based TIL Ltd has rolled out its 100th reach stacker from its recently inaugurated Changual facility in Kharagpur, 130-odd km from the city.
A reach stacker is a vehicle used for handling cargo containers in terminals or ports. The stackers transport containers across short distances.
The reach stacker, co-branded with Hyster, is manufactured by TIL under license agreement with NACCO Materials Handling Group, Inc. ("NMHG") for its ‘Hyster’ brand.
In 2008, TIL had entered into a partnership and licensee agreement with NMHG, for manufacturing Hyster reach stackers. The partnership enables TIL to sell and service the Hyster range of products in India, Nepal and Bhutan.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

McDonald s Sales Weaken in US  AsiaIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Markets Weighed Down by Asia Growth ConcernsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Landrieu and the post-pork paradigmBy Max Ehrenfreund December 8 Follow @MaxEhrenfreund
Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.) lost reelection in a runoff Saturday. (Photo by Rex C. Curry/For The Washington Post)
Sen. Mary Landrieu's defeat in a Louisiana run-off doesn't just mark the demise of the Southern white, conservative Democrat. It's also the coda to a few decades of pork-barrel politics -- the congressional practice of deal making and horse trading whereby members, until recently, traded votes for a few million here and there to fund special projects around their districts with the goal of appeasing donors and voters.
Landrieu never shied away from pork-barrel politics. Right up to the end, she made the case to voters that they should keep her in office because she could bring home the bacon. Byron York catalogued dozens of press releases from her office boasting about all the federal spending she'd brought home. With control of the Senate decided in Republicans' favor, she argued, voters should look out for Louisiana. When it came to protecting the state's interests, she told her supporters,  she was the New Orleans Saints' Drew Brees and her opponent was a rookie nobody's heard of.
"You've got someone that's on the field, playing well, delivering for the state, putting Louisiana first," she told WVLA.
Despite the argument though, we've now got a change in the lineup. Rookie Bill Cassidy will switch from Louisiana's 6th congressional district to take over Landrieu's slot.
Maybe the new ban on earmarks in the House, imposed by Republicans when they won the chamber in 2010, prevented Landrieu from getting enough pork through Congress to hold onto her seat. It was a strategy that many lawmakers felt worked for them before, but as this chart from the ever-vigilant Citizens Against Government Waste shows, pork-barrel spending is now almost entirely a thing of the past.
Maybe voters, disgusted by what they see as the excesses of a previous era, have soured on pork-barrel spending. Cassidy's aides think the Republican's victory is a sign that politics has entered a "post-pork paradigm," one of them told York.
One implication of this new paradigm is that compromise in Washington has become even more difficult, as Matt Yglesias has written. Without pork, there will be fewer centrist lawmakers like Landrieu holding onto seats in the other party's territory. The leadership, which relied on pork to cajole the more stubborn members of their caucuses into voting for major bills, will have an even harder time shepherding important legislation through Congress.
"The judicious application of lard emerged over the years as a time-honored means of greasing the wheels of government," Yglesias writes. And while the earmarks often looked wasteful, they were never outrageously expensive. As the chart above shows, pork-barrel spending reached its highest-ever level in 2006. Pork totaled $29 billion that year, or about 1.1 percent of total federal expenditures.
Welcome to Wonkbook. To subscribe by e-mail, click  here . Send comments, criticism or ideas to Wonkbook at Washpost dot com. Follow Wonkblog on  Twitter  and  Facebook .
What's in Wonkbook: 1) Guidance on the use of force 2) Opinions, including Douthat, Max Fisher and Chris Hughes on The New Republic 3) Greeks ask for end to U-Va. suspension 4) Economy adds 321,000 jobs 5) Demographics threaten U.S. forests, and more
Number of the day: 3,600. That's the altitude, in miles, that NASA spacecraft Orion reached before returning to earth on its test flight Friday morning, splashing down precisely on target in the Pacific Ocean west of California. It's the highest any spacecraft has flown in decades. James Dean in USA Today .
Chart of the day:
During periods when income is distributed less equally, the poor are even less likely to marry than the rich. That's been the case since the first Gilded Age, suggesting that the reluctance to marry among the poor isn't a result of dependence on government welfare or a decline in values. Andrew J. Cherlin in The New York Times .
1. Policy will permit racial profiling at the border
New guidelines for federal law enforcement will allow border agents to consider race. After a lengthy negotiation between Attorney General Eric Holder, the White House and Secretary Jeh Johnson, the guidelines will not govern the Department of Homeland Security. Ethnicity and race are crucial factors for agents patrolling the border, the administration concluded. The guidelines will be announced in the coming days. Sari Horwitz and Jerry Markon in The Washington Post .
The exception for border agents is a major one. "Federal agents have jurisdiction to enforce immigration laws within 100 miles of the borders, including the coastlines, an area that includes roughly a third of the United States, and nearly two-thirds of its population. Federal agents board buses and Amtrak trains in upstate New York, questioning passengers about their citizenship and detaining people who cannot produce immigration papers. Border Patrol agents also run inland checkpoints looking for illegal immigrants." Matt Apuzzo and Michael S. Schmidt in The New York Times .
Racial profiling can be counterproductive. As Attorney General John Ashcroft noted in 2003, research shows that when law enforcement use race to make judgments, they waste their time on innocent people rather than focusing on real indicators of dangerous behavior. Emily Badger in The Washington Post .
Meanwhile, demonstrations for Mike Brown and Eric Garner have become more organized. Protests were held in cities from Boston to the Bay Area, blocking traffic and invading retailers, and they're getting responses. Gov. Andrew Cuomo said he would consider legislation requiring special prosecutors in police shootings and body cameras for officers. Laura Meckler and Thomas MacMillan in The Wall Street Journal .
SOMIN: Conservatives must oppose racial profiling. The argument against racial profiling is the same as the argument against affirmative action. Just because you don't know everything there is to know doesn't mean you can use race to fill in the gaps.  The Washington Post .
2. Top opinions
SUMMERS: Both the private and the public sectors are to blame for our rickety infrastructure. The country must focus on routine but crucial tasks like repairing elevators and bridges before bolder ones like high-speed trains, and understand that poor maintenance is always costly.  The Washington Post .
DIONNE: Base government policy on empirical evidence. New bipartisan legislation would create a task force to find ways of rigorously evaluating federal programs and tax expenditures against their stated goals.  The Washington Post .
The best treatment for AIDS is a living wage. The psychological toll of poverty makes people more susceptible to developing the disease and encourages the risky behavior that allows the virus to spread. Alejandro Varela in The New Republic .
DOUTHAT: Changes at The New Republic represent the end of the broad-minded publication. Magazines like The New Republic used to print cultural and literacy criticism along with the news, which gave their readers a respect for history and a useful perspective on the political fads of the moment.  The New York Times .
CHRIS HUGHES: Journalism's a business, man. "At the heart of the conflict of the past few days is a divergent view on how The New Republic — and journalism more broadly — will survive. In one view, it is a 'public trust' and not a business. It is something greater than a commercial enterprise, ineffable, an ideal that cannot be touched. Financially, it would be a charity... We owe it to ourselves and to this institution to aim to become a sustainable business and not position ourselves to rely on the largesse of an unpredictable few."  The Washington Post .
"Interesting/weird choice by @ChrisHughes to put this in the WashPost rather than ..... @tnr " -- @ggreenwald
MAX FISHER: Where were was The New Republic's spine when it was owned by Marty Peretz? At least Hughes isn't racist. The previous owner's offensive columns never elicited the same kind of reaction from commentators as Hughes' decisions have.  Vox .
Dynamic scoring introduces uncertainty into the budget process. The CBO's measures already account for some changes in Americans' behavior in response to revisions in the tax code, but there's no reliable way of measuring the total macroeconomic effect that federal policy will have. All dynamic scoring produces is an uninformative range of estimates.  The New York Times .
3. Fraternities call for end to suspension at U-Va.
National Greek organizations want the school to reinstate fraternities and sororities on campus. Their request follows Rolling Stone's acknowledgement of "discrepancies" in a controversial article on rape. Nick Anderson in The Washington Post .
Students at U-Va. think the school has a serious problem.  "What does it say that we read an article in which an 18-year-old girl was pinned down, graphically violated by multiple people in a house we pass almost every day — and we thought, 'That just may be right?' " Julia Horowitz at  Politico .
TAUB: Protecting victims means fact-checking their stories. "I was a lawyer before becoming a journalist, and I worked with refugees and other trauma victims. That taught me that it is incredibly difficult for traumatized people to tell an accurate story, even if they are trying to do so."  Vox .
WEMPLE: Rolling Stone digs itself deeper. An updated note from the magazine's editors acknowledge the publication's failings, which are colossal and damaging.  The Washington Post .
 
Crazy talent interlude: The very young Grace Mitchell is from Portland, Ore. Here's her " Your Design ."
 
4. Economy crushes it in November
With 321,000 new jobs last month, the labor market is returning to strength. "The latest numbers came with nascent signs of wage growth, the result of qualified individuals reentering the workforce, putting pressure on companies to retain their best employees or bid for new applicants." Chico Harlan in The Washington Post .
"Wow, 321k beats the consensus expectation outside the 90% C.I., that can't happen that often." -- @squarelyrooted
But America still needs a raise. Given improvements in productivity, wages should be increasing by around 4 percent a year. For some reason, they're not. Matt O'Brien in The Washington Post .
YGLESIAS: It's too early to celebrate. The report contains all kinds of good news, and cheaper oil next year will help the economy, too. That said, there have been a few false dawns in the past six years.  Vox .
KRUGMAN: Don't blame Obama for the sluggish recovery. The stimulus was inadequate, and more aggressive spending by Congress would have brought the economy to this point sooner.  The New York Times .
5. In case you missed it
President Bush and his aides stand by the torture program. In a cable interview Sunday, the former president defended the CIA's practices. A Senate report on the program is expected to be released this week. Peter Baker in The New York Times .
Demographics endanger U.S. forests. More than half of the nation's 766 million acres of forest are privately owned, and the average age of the owners is 62.5. As older owners sell their land, forestry experts worry the new proprietors of smaller lots won't have the same commitment to ecological management. Wilson Ring for the Associated Press .
Max Ehrenfreund is a blogger on the Financial desk and writes for Know More and Wonkblog.

AECOM Asia appointed as general consultant for Mumbai Metro III projectAECOM Asia appointed as general consultant for Mumbai Metro III project
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 06:24 PM IST
The state-run Mumbai Metro Rail Corporation Limited (MMRC) has appointed AECOM Asia Company Ltd-led consortium as the General Consultant for the 32.5 km Colaba-Bandra-SEEPZ underground Metro Line 3 project. The consortium, led by AECOM Asia Hong Kong comprises Padeco, Japan, LBG Inc, USA and Egis Rail, France.
"The appointment of the General Consultant paves way for the speedy implementation of the Metro Line 3 project and they will assist MMRC in design, supervision, quality control, safety and contract management of the project", said Sanjay Sethi, Managing Director, MMRC. He informed that AECOM Asia's selection was done on quality and cost based selection process.
MMRC, a joint venture between the state government and the Centre, is hopeful the construction on the proposed underground line will begin from April 2015 and it will be commissioned in 2020-2021.The project envisages a total investment of Rs 23,136-crore.
The overall scope of the General Consultant is to assist in evaluation of bids for civil works and appoint the contractor, review and proof-checking of detailed designs prepared by the Contractor's designer with respect to work awarded on 'Design-Build' basis, preparation of tender design, construction supervision including supply and installation, system integration and commissioning of all system components, testing and commissioning of the entire system and preparation/finalization of operation and maintenance manuals.
The other consortia that participated in the global invitation for Expression of Interest included DB International, Germany, Geodata, Italy and Oriental Consulting, Japan.

On master tailors stitch list  a sherwani for ModiThe Modi waist coat could face competition from a bespoke Modi sherwani, if the Mehdi brothers who have been tailor to presidents, Bollywood celebs and patrons abroad for decades get approval from the man himself to stitch one.
The 67-year-old shop near Tasveen Mahal, which Mehedi Hasan set up in 1947. HT photo/Masdool Hasan
The tailor duo is confident about measuring up to the Prime Minister’s stature and sartorial taste because their 67-year-old shop near Tasveer Mahal, a now-defunct cinema theatre in Aligarh, where their father Mehdi Hasan set up business in 1947, have been successfully churning out sherwanis for all these years.
Appreciation letters from politicians and celebs on the walls of their shop, which has not changed much expect for a garment outlet added next to it, are reminders of their mastery in the craft.
Elder son of Mehdi Hasan, Anwar Mehdi, at their shop. HT photo/Masdool Hasan
“We want to gift a special sherwani to Modi saheb even if he doesn’t order one,” says Anwar Mehdi, the elder of the two. “We are looking for a link to have access to him (Modi) and Insha Allah (if God wills) we will succeed.”
But why Modi? The brothers are impressed with Modi’s physique, which they say is ideal for a best-fitting sherwani.
“A sherwani looks good on normal people who are neither fat nor thin, neither tall nor short. Modi saheb’s figure with broad and straight shoulders is perfect in this sense and a sherwani will look wonderful on him,” said younger sibling Akhtar.
The duo said they would also love to stitch a jacket for Modi if he so wishes. “Believe us, that jacket would be better than the ones in which Modi is usually seen,” Akhtar said.
The Aligarh shop’s brush with the who’s who began when Zakir Hussain was vice-chancellor of Aligarh Muslim University. “He was so impressed with our father’s skills that he insisted that all his sherwanis would be stitched by him in future. The process continued even after he moved to Delhi to be vice-president and later president. During his 17-year political career, our father stitched as many as 117 sherwanis for him,” Anwar said.
And like they say, Mehedi Hasan’s stature grew with each turn of the bobbin. “Sherwanis of VV Giri, Fakhruddin Ali Ahmad, Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy, Gyani Jail Singh, Shankar Dayal Sharma (all former presidents) were stitched by us,” Anwar said, pointing to an appreciation letter from Giri.
“President Pranab Mukherjee too gets his sherwanis stitched at our shop.”
The long list of high-profile patrons includes Vice-President Hamid Ansari, former prime ministers VP Singh and Manmohan Singh and Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi. “Gandhi called us to take the measurement at the airstrip during his visit here 7-8 years ago,” Akhtar said.
“ND Tiwari, Mufti M Syeed,  Arjun Singh, Madhav Rao Scindia, Kapil Sibal, Justice AM Ahmadi and Justice RK Sharma ... the list goes on,” said Akhtar.
One of their most-recent Bollywood clients was Saif Ali Khan.
Modi is missing from their measurement register. The brothers hope not for long.

Delhi cab rape: Driver sent to 3-day police custody; Uber services banned in CapitalA Delhi court sent on Monday an Uber taxi driver accused of raping a 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days as the state government banned the app-based cab booking service in the Capital.
 
The Delhi Police are considering legal action against Uber for hiring the driver, who was arrested and jailed on allegations of sexual assault on a previous occasion, without running a background check.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
Police said Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, had spent nearly two years in jail over another rape charge before being acquitted last year when the victim allegedly turned hostile and the court found contradictions in her statement.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com with immediate effect," said an official statement.
Tainted taxis still plying in Delhi, shows mobile app
"M/s Uber also misled the commuter (the victim) about the nature of the taxi service offered by the Uber App."
On Friday night, Yadav allegedly raped an executive from a Gurgaon-based finance company in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla before dropping her home, sparking outrage in the city weeks before the second anniversary of the fatal gangrape of a 23-year-old medical student in a moving bus.
Although Yadav threatened to kill her if she reported the crime to police, the woman took a photo of the car's number plate before alerting the authorities. The executive, who was returning from a dinner party, had booked a cab home using the Uber app.
 
Police tracked Yadav down and arrested him on Sunday from his home town Mathura,160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi, where he had fled.
He refused to participate in an identification line-up on Monday after police told the court they had not yet recovered the mobile phone he used during the incident.
Late in the evening, the Delhi Police said they would file a separate case for forgery against Yadav as a character certificate issued in his favour shown to be from the office of additional CP (south-east district) was forged.
HT had broken news of this 'character certificate' online.
The 'document', dated May 2014, bears the signature of LT Hrangchal, who served as additional DCP (south-east) but was transferred out of Delhi in February 2013.
"We verified the authenticity of the certificate from our official records and learnt that no such certificate was issued. We will register a separate case as the offence attracts sections 420, 468 and 471 (cheating and forgery of documents) of IPC," said Deepak Mishra, special CP (law and order).
It has also emerged that an employee of a Gurgaon pub had pressed rape charges against Yadav at the Mehrauli police station in 2011.
"She had hired Yadav's cab from the local taxi stand in Gurgaon to reach her rented flat in Kishangarh (Delhi) after finishing her work around 3am on December 13, 2011. He remained in jail till his acquittal on July 11, 2012. The woman withdrew the case when it reached the trial stage," said a police officer familiar with that case.
Meanwhile, anger mounted in New Delhi where a crowd of angry protesters rallied outside the home minister's residence, demanding more action by officials to ensure safety for women.
 
"The shocking incident of rape of a young woman in a cab on Friday night exposes the alarming situation about lack of women safety in the national capital," the Aam Aadmi Party said in a statement.
Uber on back foot
The Delhi Police had served Uber with a notice on Sunday, asking it to join the investigation. On Monday, it questioned two of its employees in the presence of their lawyer for almost four hours.
"We have definitely decided to register an FIR against Uber. It will be done by Tuesday morning," Madhur Verma, DCP (north), told HT.
Gagan Bhatia, regional manager (in charge of Delhi-NCR), and his colleague were quizzed over the norms Uber follows while registering drivers. Bhatia dodged the media after the questioning, saying: "It's an ongoing investigation. I would not like to comment."
Investigators believe Uber is guilty of negligence for registering drivers like Yadav without verifying their antecedents. They also believe that the company has violated basic guidelines set by the government for taxi operators and taxi booking service providers.
Special commissioner Deepak Mishra said early investigations showed GPS had not been installed in Yadav's taxi and police background checks were not conducted on the driver.
Uber initially could not even produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
San Francisco-based Uber had earlier issued a statement saying its thoughts were with the young woman and it was working with the government to address the issue.
 
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States and could spell trouble across the globe for the company.
 
The cab booking company, however, tried to shift some of the blame on to the Delhi government for the failure to carry out background checks on the accused.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick issued a statement, terming the incident horrific.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery.
"We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs. We will also partner closely with the groups who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women," the statement said.
(With inputs from agencies)

http://usat.ly/1zibVv1FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ask an Expert: Turning a hobby into business
Following your passion can be a great way to make a living as long as you do it right.
Post to Facebook
Ask an Expert: Turning a hobby into business Following your passion can be a great way to make a living as long as you do it right. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CYYRyJ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ask an Expert: Turning a hobby into business
Steve Strauss, for USA TODAY 9:12 a.m. EST December 8, 2014
Following your passion can be a great way to make a living as long as you do it right.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
320 CONNECT 29 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Q: My New Year's resolution is to finally start my own business. I really love animals and am thinking that a pet store might be perfect for me. I would have to bootstrap it, but lot's of other people seem to be able to start their dream business, so why can't I? -- Taylor
A: Turning your passion into profit truly is one of the best things there is, but it's not always easy, and so the question is, how do you do so successfully?
To help answer your question, I sought out someone who has done just that. A couple of weeks ago, I caught an episode of NBC's 1St Look TV, featuring a segment on what it called "the world's best cheesecake,"
out of Seattle, Washington.
The world's best cheesecake? Now we're talking.
According to the NBC piece , Rusty's Cheesecake has won the prestigious "Seattle's Best Dessert" award two years in a row, and so it is no surprise that Rusty says he is on a "quest to bring the best cheesecake possible to the world." Having had a piece of that nirvana myself at a Seattle restaurant not long ago, I decided to get in touch with Rusty Federman and find out how his quest got started, and how it's going.
"My parents owned a deli when I was growing up, " Rusty told me, "and so I learned to make cheesecake when I was young, using my mom Esther's secret family recipe and then sharing them with family and friends."
Rusty grew up to become a serial entrepreneur, with all sorts of business successes under his belt (as it were), including, I learned, a brand of clothing I used to wear a lot called B.U.M. Equipment.
Like many businesses born of love, Rusty's Famous Cheesecake started out as a hobby, and at the same time, because it is something he is so passionate about, Rusty strived from the start to make the best product he could. "I worked to perfect my mom's recipe, and then expand on it. Ours is an ultra-premium product, all natural, and I will only use the best ingredients," he told me.
When I asked him how his business has received the accolades it has after being in business only a few years, Rusty explained that a lot of trial and error has gone into his cheesecakes. "Perfecting the recipe, bootstrapping the business, learning how to scale it, distribution, branding . . . it has all taken time and I had to be willing to make some mistakes along the way and learn from them."
Lucky for us, he has.
Rusty told me about the time that he realized that to scale the business required that he bake his cakes in bigger batches. So he locked himself in his bakery for a weekend and tried dozens of recipes out to finally find which combination would stand up.
And when I say "for the weekend", I mean for the weekend. One of the things that Rusty Federman has done right, right from the start, is keep his overhead low. "Buying or renting a full-blown kitchen is incredibly expensive," he explained, and so what he does instead is rent an industrial ,8,500 square foot kitchen during it's idle hours – from 5 pm to 5 am. "I'm a midnight baker," says Rusty.
That sort of creativity is the kind of lesson any would-be entrepreneur would be wise to emulate.
When I asked Rusty for other entrepreneurial lessons he has learned along the way, he shared these tasty morsels:
•         "It's important to have multiple channels for sales." Rusty is definitely preaching to the choir here as I have long advocated having multiple profit centers as the key to long-term sustainability for the small business. Rusty sells his cheesecakes wholesale, in retail markets, and in restaurants (branded, by the way, as "Rusty's Famous Cheesecake").
•         "You also need multiple products." Think Starbucks – how many combinations do they have? Rusty's cheesecakes come in 50 different flavors, and four different sizes.
•         "Create a dialogue with your customers and get feedback." Rusty's does this via social media. "It's a great way to both communicate and market our business inexpensively."
• And finally, "Be sure to align yourself with people who know more than you do."
So take it from our pal Rusty Federman: Following your passion can be a tasty way to make a living as long as you cook it up right.
Today's tip: One of the best advocates out there for American made products and manufacturing is actor John Ratzenberger, who not only of course played Cliff on Cheers, but is the only actor to be in every Pixar film (he's shooting Toy Story 4 right now.)
This year, John has teamed up with the Made in America Store to offer some great holiday gift boxes as a "way to bring attention to this critical issue of putting our country back to work, keeping manufacturing alive and buying domestic made merchandise." You can support this great cause, and buy some quality made in American-made products, by going here .
Steve Strauss, @Steve Strauss on Twitter, is a lawyer specializing in small business and entrepreneurship. E-mail Steve at: sstrauss@mrallbiz.com. His website is TheSelfEmployed .
320 CONNECT 29 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CYYRyJ

People from Jammu being brought for Modi s Srinagar rally: Omar AbdullahSydney terror attack: System failed to track siege gunman, says Australia PM Tony Abbott
Taking a swipe at Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah today accused it of bringing in supporters from other parts of the state for Prime Mister Narendra Modi’s rally here.
“2 (two) trainloads of supporters are being brought in from Banihal in Jammu. Why not just have the rally there?” Omar wrote on Twitter, ahead of Modi’s maiden election rally in Srinagar.
“Not a single BJP flag or banner on the vehicles or with the people I saw walking into the stadium. Such a telling sign of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) support,” Omar said in another tweet.
Omar’s official residence is close to the venue of the rally.
The Chief Minister also hit out at Congress, which was coalition partner of his National Conference for the last six years, saying even some leaders supported by Congress have been asked to provide people for the rally.
“Amazingly even Cong(ress) supported ‘leaders’ have been asked to contribute people to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) rally. Politics makes for strange bedfellows,” he said.
Omar was apparently referring to Agriculture Minister Ghulam Hassan Mir, who joined the cabinet in 2009 from Congress quota, though he had contested the 2008 elections as an independent candidate.
Congress has not fielded any candidate from Gulmarg Assembly seat, where Mir is seeking a third consecutive term.
The Chief Minister also claimed that separatist-turned mainstream politician Sajjad Gani Lone, who is contesting the assembly elections from Handwara in Kupwara district, had provided 80 vehicles for ferrying his supporters for the Prime Minister’s rally here.
“So @sajadlone is sending about 80 vehicles of supporters from Kupwara to help his “big brother” make up the numbers,” he added.
TAGS: Omar Abdullah
More from miscellaneous

Govt promises to bring Uber cabs driver to justiceMuslim conversion row: Balmiki had contested 2012 municipal polls on BJP ticket
Government will take all necessary steps to bring to justice the driver of Uber cab service who had allegedly raped a woman passenger here last week, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said today.
“The Government of India strongly condemns this dastardly act. It will be ensured that all necessary steps are taken to bring the offender to justice,” he said in a suo motu statement in the Lok Sabha.
Giving details of the incident that occurred on the night of December 5, he said the driver, who was absconding after the incident, was arrested yesterday from Mathura and was being produced before a Delhi court today.
“Following the clues at hand and through painstaking investigation, the culprit driver was zeroed down as one person from Mathura, owner of the vehicle Swift Desire No. number DL-1YD 7910. He has this vehicle registered with Uber Cab Service.
“The vehicle used in the crime has been found and brought to Delhi where it will be subjected to thorough forensic examination,” Singh said.
He said the victim, who worked in Gurgaon, had gone to Vasant Vihar with some friends and was returning home in the cab. She had dozed off for a while when she suddenly realized that the taxi was parked at an isolated place and the driver was trying to molest her on the back seat.
“She tried to raise an alarm but the driver threatened her of physical injury and then she was sexually assaulted in the car,” the Minister said, adding that after committing the crime the driver dropped her at her home at around 0100 hours and threatened her not to disclose the incident to anyone.
He said the woman, who had lodged an FIR at the Sarai Rohilla police station, was sent for medical examination and also counselled by an NGO volunteer authorised by Delhi Commission for Women.
Through a Zero Hour notice, Rajiv Ranjan (RJD) said the rise in such incidents in the country was to the extent of 35.8 per cent since the Nirbhaya incident in Delhi in 2012.
He said recently at Ludhiana in Punjab, a girl was raped by seven persons. The victim received 80 per cent burns as she was set on fire later.
In Haryana, a nine-year-old girl was brutally killed after several people raped her, he said demanding an inquiry in both the incidents.
Apparently referring to the recent rape of a woman executive in Delhi, he wondered as to when Delhi will be safe and secure for women.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Uber Cab
More from miscellaneous

Gold imports push Q2 current account deficit to 2.1 % of GDPGold import surge widens India's CAD to 2.1% of GDP in Sep quarter
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 12:50 AM IST
A sharp rise in gold imports and a fall in export growth pushed India's current account deficit (CAD) to $10.1 billion (2.1 per cent of gross domestic product) in the financial year's second quarter, ending September, compared to $5.2 bn (1.2 per cent of GDP) for July-September 2013.
The deficit was $7.8 bn (1.7 per cent of GDP) in the first quarter ended June, according to Reserve Bank of India  (RBI) data. Despite the rise, the CAD remains within RBI's comfort zone of 2.5 per cent of GDP.
The CAD for the year's first half, April-September 2014, was $17.9 bn (1.9 per cent of GDP) as against $26.9 bn (3.1 per cent of GDP) for April-September 2013.
The balance of payments (BoP) was in positive territory. The accretion to foreign exchange reserves was $6.9 bn in the second quarter as against a drawdown of $10.4 bn in Q2 of 2013-14.
RBI said the increase in CAD was primarily on account of a higher trade deficit, contributed by both a deceleration in export growth and a rise in imports. The trade deficit expanded to $38.6 bn in July-September from $33.3 bn in the same period of FY14.
Reflecting weak global demand, merchandise export growth decelerated to 4.9 per cent in Q2 from 11.9 per cent in Q2 of 2013-14. Merchandise imports were up 8.1 per cent in Q2, against a decline of 4.8 per cent in the same quarter of 2013-14, largely due to a sharp rise in gold import.
The latter jumped 95 per cent to $7.6 bn in Q2 from $3.8 bn in the same quarter last year. The rise had continued in October, too, reaching $4.17 bn from $1.09 bn in October 2013, according to ministry of commerce data.
Rupa Rege-Nitsure, general manager and chief economist, Bank of Baroda, said the rise in CAD for Q2 was expected. Gold prices and inflation had both declined; with more disposable income, people were likely to buy more of gold.
The CAD might rise in the third and fourth quarters, too. For all of 2014-15, it is expected to be $39 bn (2.2 per cent of GDP) if the economy grows by 5.2-5.3 per cent, she added.
Net services receipts improved by 3.4 per cent in Q2, on a pick-up in telecom, computer and information services from their level a year before. The net outflow on account of primary income (profit, dividend and interest), amounting to $6.9 bn, was higher than in the corresponding quarter of 2013-14 ($6.3 bn) and from the earlier quarter ($6.7 bn).
Gross private transfer receipts at $17.4 bn were marginally up from FY14.
The BoP situation for the first half (April-September) showed improvement. A lower CAD and a rise in flows under the financial account resulted in an accretion to forex reserves by $18.1 bn, as against a drawdown of $10.7 bn in the first half of 2013-14, said RBI.

Bumper investment comes calling from Qatari PrinceQatar prince ready to invest Rs 1 lakh crore in 10 smart cities
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 12:35 AM IST
The government may be inviting the Americans, Chinese and Japanese to invest in India, but just one person is ready to put in Rs 1 lakh crore over the next five years.
Enthused with the new government’s spirited approach towards new investment, a prince of Qatar, Hamad Bin Nasser A A Al-Thani, member of the ruling family, is looking at investing the sum in at least 10 smart cities.
The 51-year-old Qatari prince has already tied up with a 31-year-old Delhi-based businessman, Mitesh Sharma, for taking the investment forward through projects in real estate, sea ports and airports, besides smart cities. According to a person working for Hamad, the two recently registered a company, NRS Enterprise Pvt Ltd, in India through which the investment would be routed.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ambitious ‘smart cities’ project has caught the attention of the prince. The investment will be made over the next five years,” said the person.
The investment announcement came after the two partners met Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on November 20 and his Andhra Pradesh counterpart, Chandrababu Naidu, on November 22.
The focus of this huge investment is on 10 smart-city projects in a first phase, besides power, solar energy, infrastructure development, health care and education. They are aiming for the first project to take off by February-March 2015.
The Union government has decided to support the development of 100 smart cities in the country. According to the high power expert committee (HPEC) on investment estimates in urban infrastructure has assessed a per capita investment cost of Rs 43,386 for a 20-year period. Their estimates cover water supply, sewerage, sanitation and transportation.
Hamad, through his Qatari outfit, Nargis Arts recently formed a joint venture — Kings Kraft Frames 24 Pvt Ltd — with Sharma for producing five Bollywood films. Sharma, with interests in granite mining and real estate, is also a partner with Hamad in Qatari construction business.
The two partners have already signed a memorandum of understanding with the Andhra Pradesh government for a smart city project. Investments worth Rs 12,000 crore and Rs 60,000 crore would be made in Uttar Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh, respectively. Besides, Rs 38,000 crore would be diversified in sectors like power and natural gas, said a statement on behalf of the two partners.

Ramalinga Raju gets 6-mth imprisonment in Satyam scandalRamalinga Raju, others get 6-mth imprisonment in Satyam scandal
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 20:26 IST
File picture of Ramalinga Raju (Source: Reuters)
Ramalinga Raju, former Chairman of Satyam Computer Services , along with brother Rama Raju and eight others have been slapped a fine of Rs 5 lakh and 6 months of imprisonment in connection with the Satyam scandal that occurred in 2009.
According to the report published in 'Deccan Chronicle', the Special Economic Offences Wing court of Nampally in Hyderabad convicted Ramalinga Raju, his brother Rama Raju and eight others in Hyderabad on Monday.
Raju and others have been charged with offences ranging from cheating, criminal conspiracy, forgery, breach of trust under relevant sections of IPC (Indian Penal Code), besides allegedly falsifying returns through violation of various I-T laws.
Another case regarding the CBI probe in Satyam fraud is pending for judgement on December 23.
(Source: Deccan Chronicle)

Ranji Trophy: Hyderabad tailenders frustrate Andhra Pradesh on Day2By: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 8, 2014 7:48 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 8:26 pm
Hyderabad tailenders frustrated Andhra Pradesh no end as Ashish Reddy and Chama Milind registered big fifties to help the Ravi Teja-led team post 522 on Day 2 of the Ranji Trophy match.
Starting the day on 281 for six in the four-day encounter, No.9 Reddy (95) and No.10 Milind (97 not out) dug in deep to stitch a 162-run ninth-wicket partnership and add to the Andhra woes after skipper Teja had troubled the hosts
with his well-made 96 on the opening day.
Overnight batsman Ibrahim Khaleel (40) also contributed with a well-made 40 before Reddy and Milind took over to smash the ball around.
The duo struck 29 fours and 3 sixes between themselves to help Hyderabad manage an overall run-rate of 3.51.
In reply to the mammoth first-innings score, the Mohammad Kaif-led Andhra ended Monday on 121 for no loss, trailing Hyderabad by 401 runs.
Openers Srikar Bharat (71) and Prasanth Kumar (50) remained unconquered after a dose of patience and aggression.
If pace spearhead Paidikalva Vijaykumar made his presence felt on Day 1 then medium-pacer Duvvarapu Shivkumar (4-84) was the pick of the Andhra bowlers in the innings.
Brief Scores: Hyderabad 522 all out (D Ravi Teja 96, Ashish Reddy 95, Chama Milind 97 not out; Duvvarapu Shivkumar 4-84) Andhra Pradesh 121/0 (Srikar Bharat 71 not out, Prasanth Kumar 50 not out; Ashish Reddy 0-8).
Bains, Parida half-centuries drive Himachal ahead
Fighting half-centuries from opener Ankush Bains and Rashmi Parida gave Himachal Pradesh a vital first-innings lead against Services on Day 2 of the Group C Ranji Trohpy match.
Responding to Serives’ 226 in the four-day encounter, the Bipul Sharma-led Himachal finished Monday on 255 for six – a lead of 29 runs.
Pace spearhead Suraj Yadav and left-arm spinner Abhishek Sakuja two wickets apiece to pull things back for the Yashpal Singh-led Services.
Brief Scores: Services 226 in 80.1 overs (Deepak Punia 64, Saumik Chatterjee 42; Vikramjit Malik 3/57. Rishi Dhawan 3-57) Himachal Pradesh 255/6 in 97 overs (Ankush Bains 67, Rashmi Parida 54 not out, Nikhil Gangta 10 not out; Suraj Yadav 2-55, Abhishek Sakuja 2-30).
Goa score 367; reduce Kerala to 60/2
Goa posted a competitive 367 all out in their first innings before reducing Kerala to 60 for two on a rain-curtailed second day of their Ranji Trophy Group C match.
Resuming on 313 for six, Sunday’s half-centurion Darshan Misal could add only nine runs to his overnight score
to be dismissed for 76.
Kerala’s Basil Thampi (4/110) was the pick of the bowlers, while Nizar Niyas (3/74) chipped in with three wickets.
In reply, Kerala lost opener VA Jagadeesh (8) and one-down batsman Rohan Prem (8) cheaply. At stumps, KB Pawan was unbeaten on 28 and Amit Verma was on nine.
Only 53 overs could be bowled on Monday.
Brief scores: Goa 1st innings: 367 all out (Darshan Misal 76; Basil Thampi 4/110, Nizar Niyas 3/74). Kerala: 60 for two in 32 overs.
Assam take firm grip
Assam took a firm grip over their Group C Ranji Trophy match as they registered 275 all out after bundling out Tripura for a paltry 135 on the second day.
At stumps, Tripura were two for no loss in four overs, still needing another 138 runs to make the hosts bat again at
the Nehru Stadium.
Kunal Saikia top-scored for Assam with a patient knock of 64, which came off 111 balls, and included 11 boundaries. J

Sushma Swarajs suggestion on Bhagwada Gita against secularism  say NCP & SP; Congress remainssilentBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 7:42 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 9:09 pm
NCP and Samajwadi Party slammed Union Minister and BJP leader Sushma Swaraj’s suggestion to declare Bhagwad Gita as a national scripture, saying it goes against the secular nature of the Constitution.
The Sharad Pawar-led NCP said all faiths should be treated equally and no person has the right to hurt the
religious sentiments of others.
“I am a Hindu and proud of my religion’s rich heritage. But does that mean I have the right to hurt the sentiments of other religions? All religions should be treated equally.
“BJP, by making such comments, is only trying to provoke people of other religions. We are a secular nation and it is very unfortunate they (BJP) have taken the first step of changing the secular fabric of our Constitution,” NCP leader
Jitendra Awhad told reporters here.
Samajwadi Party (SP) too slammed BJP and said if the holy book of one religion can be accorded a national status, so can be the book of other faiths.
“Gita is a religious book. If you can accord it national importance, why can’t you do the same with the Quran and Bible too? This is a secular nation. We should respect all faiths but we cannot accord national status to any book. SP strongly criticises her (Swaraj’s) statement,” the party’s Maharashtra unit President Abu Azmi said.
“BJP has not been brought to power in the name of religion but for development, to eradicate corruption and bring black money back. They should concentrate on these issues,” the SP legislator said.
Both Awhad and Azmi were here to participate in the winter session of Maharashtra legislature.
Meanwhile, Congress refrained from commenting on the issue. “Has she said it in foreign countries? You are saying that the foreign minister has said this (but) I have not seen it. So, it is very difficult to articulate the party’s views on it,” Congress spokesperson Shakeel Ahmed told reporters here.
Speaking at a function in Delhi yesterday, the External Affairs Minister had pressed for the Centre to declare the Gita as a ‘Rashtriya Granth’ (national scripture), a demand which sparked a controversy.

Bangalore police tightens security measures after DelhirapeBy: Express News Service | Bangalore |
Posted: December 8, 2014 7:34 pm
In the wake of the rape of a young woman in New Delhi by a cab driver, the Bangalore city police has decided to ask all cab services in the city to install CCTV cameras inside their vehicles to ensure the safety of passengers.
The police have also proposed renewal of a system of verification of the antecedents of drivers of all taxis and autorickshaws in the city.
The police on Monday wrote to the state transport department to direct taxi service providers to adopt safety measures, the additional commissioner of police (law and order) Alok Kumar said.
“We have informed taxi service providers that they will be held responsible for any untoward incidents involve their vehicles,” the additional commissioner said.
The police have also asked the state transport commissioner to convene a meeting with taxi service providers as soon as possible to address the issue of safety.
“We want taxi owners to install GPRS equipment and CCTV cameras inside the vehicle and to display identity details of the driver.
The antecedents of the driver must be verified,” deputy commissioner of police (traffic) B R Prasad said. There are more than 36,000 cabs of various operators plying in the city, he said.
Meanwhile, the Karnataka Regional Transport Authority has stated that it is keeping a close tab on the operations of Uber Cab – the virtual taxi operator whose cab driver had been accused in the Delhi rape incident.
Uber has around 500 cars in its fleet in Bangalore. The recently launched taxi service is quite popular among IT employees in Bangalore on account of the Uber mobile app delivering a taxi within five to 10 minutes of a booking.
“For now we have not initiated any action, however we will be asking the company look at their driver profiles and to contact the RTA for verifications. In case of any untoward incident we will seize their permit and the driver’s licence,” state transport commissioner Dr. Rame Gowda said.
The RTA authorities said they were trying to ascertain if Uber has appropriate authorization to operate a taxi in the city in the first place.
In 2006, following the rape and murder of an employee of a BPO in Bangalore – by a cab driver sent by her company to pick her up for work at night – extensive safety policies were put in place for transporting women in taxis or buses.
Under the existing safety norms all corporate cabs need to have a security guard and a woman should not be alone in the cab at night. The norms are however not applicable to private taxi services that have boomed in the city.

Blowing hot and cold!Updated: December 11, 2014 17:00 IST
Blowing hot and cold!
Tweet
At the Academy's conference of 1951, held at the RR Sabha. Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer, Palladam Sanjeeva Rao, T.L. Venkatarama Iyer, T.V. Subba Rao, T.R. Venkatarama Sastry (Chief Guest), Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar, Academy president K.V. Krishnaswami Iyer, Mudicondan Venkatarama Iyer and the Academy secretary Sundararajan. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOPICS
music
On TVG’s guru, the Academy and the Sangita Kalanidhi title.
In a few days from now, T.V. Gopalakrishnan will be formally elected as the Music Academy’s Sangita Kalanidhi designate for the year 2014, in a quaint ritual that requires a Sangita Kalanidhi awardee to propose his name and another to second it, on the day of the inauguration. It is a throwback to the early days when the president of the Conference was elected from the floor of the house.
The general consensus is that at 82, TVG has had to wait for sometime to receive the highest accolade in Carnatic music. If TVG’s guru Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar had been around, he would have agreed. In his time, Chembai too had to wait for the award to come his way.
Chembai, born in 1895, was probably younger only to Ariyakkudi Ramanuja Iyengar when it came to the leading performers of his generation. In terms of seniority on the concert platform, he was probably ‘older,’ for his career had begun in 1904 when he was nine while Ramanuja Iyengar’s debut was only in 1913 at 23. In fact, Chembai would often jocularly remind Ariyakkudi that while he was still providing vocal support to his guru Ramanathapuram Poochi Srinivasa Iyengar, he, Chembai, had already given vocal concerts and had then taken to the violin in order to tide over the adolescent period when the voice breaks.
By the early 1920s, Ariyakkudi was the acknowledged monarch of Carnatic music and remained so for years to come. So, when in 1938 he was invited to preside over the Academy’s annual conference (at that time the Sangita Kalanidhi title had not been established), everyone including Chembai applauded the decision.
Chembai, perhaps, expected that the honour would be his next, for after all he was the senior-most in age after Ramanuja Iyengar. He was, therefore, upset, when in the following year Musiri Subramania Iyer was invited to preside over the Conference. Chembai held his peace for his disciple Princess Manku Thampuran was singing at the inaugural concert. But when he was asked to felicitate Musiri on his elevation, he could not control himself. Striding to the microphone, he wished the latter well and complimented the Academy on its choice. He then said that he hoped that the Academy would invite Musiri to preside the following year too and every year thereafter! He then broke off all connections with the Academy for five years, during which time the honour went to others.
He made his peace with the Academy in 1945 and returned to perform, but the honour of presiding over the Conference, which had become synonymous with the Sangita Kalanidhi from January 1, 1943, was not to be his till 1951. During the intervening years, it went to juniors such as Semmangudi and Kumbakonam Rajamanikkam Pillai. That it rankled became evident when at a concert of his, Musiri Subramania Iyer and Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer both got up in the middle and left, covering their faces with shawls. Having spotted them, he bellowed into the mike that the two Sangita Kalanidhis need not hide their faces and were free to come and go as they pleased. Nevertheless, when the title was conferred on him, he accepted it with good grace. But he would always question the remuneration the Academy gave the artists.
During the 1950s and ’60s, when the Academy struggled financially, because it was building an auditorium, Chembai willingly sang for low fees. By then he had begun diverting all his concert earnings to the Guruvayurappan Temple. He demanded and got high remuneration for all his performances, every paisa of which went to the temple.
By 1962 the Academy’s auditorium was completed and by 1969, thanks to the efforts of industrialists and well wishers, its loans were also almost repaid. On realising this, Chembai insisted on a hike in his fee. He felt that he and fellow artists had sacrificed enough over the years for the Academy. In his case, it was Guruvayurappan who was to be the beneficiary.
But the Academy would not give in. Its committee felt that it still had several commitments to fulfil. Chembai’s response was that he would wait till it had become fully solvent and be able to pay his market rates. Till then, he said, he was better off not singing for it. His last performance at the Academy was in 1970, after which he did not sing there. But that he harboured no ill will towards the institution was clear in the way he readily consented to preside over the Sadas on January 1, 1973 and confer the Sangita Kalanidhi on Prof P. Sambamoorthy.

CNBC-TV18 interacts with viewers as it celebrates its 15yrsDec 08, 2014, 07.49 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
CNBC-TV18 interacts with viewers as it celebrates its 15yrs
15 years gone and still going strong, CNBC-TV18 has reached a big milestone today – 15 years of undisputed leadership. From a humble beginning in a makeshift basement studio to being a powerhouse in the broadcast industry, it has indeed come a long-long way.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CNBC-TV18 interacts with viewers as it celebrates its 15yrs
15 years gone and still going strong, CNBC-TV18 has reached a big milestone today – 15 years of undisputed leadership. From a humble beginning in a makeshift basement studio to being a powerhouse in the broadcast industry, it has indeed come a long-long way.
Post your opinion here
Special Show
1
15 years gone and still going strong, CNBC-TV18 has reached a big milestone today – 15 years of undisputed leadership. From a humble beginning in a makeshift basement studio to being a powerhouse in the broadcast industry, it has indeed come a long-long way. CNBC-TV18 today thanks and congratulates all their viewers for being a part of their journey.
RELATED NEWS

Massive Los Angeles Fire Closes Parts of 2 Major FreewaysHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","description":"Up close and personal to a few of China's Giant Pandas, live from Bifengxia, the largest panda reserve and research center in the world.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Cramer s Mad Dash: Biotech risingcramer s mad dash: biotech rising
Any discipline for those who punish VAs whistleblowersBy Joe Davidson December 8 Follow @JoeDavidsonWP
The breakfast banquet applauding federal whistleblowers was a small but meaningful demonstration of the gratitude that regularly should be shown to employees who are too often castigated instead of celebrated for disclosing wrongdoing.
The Department of Veterans Affairs says investigators have found no proof that delays in care caused any deaths at a VA hospital in Phoenix, deflating an explosive allegation that helped expose a troubled health care system in which veterans waited months for appointments while employees falsified records to cover up the delays. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin, File)
About 150 people gathered over scrambled eggs, chicken-apple sausage and roasted tomatoes in the Dolley Madison room of the Loews Madison Hotel last week as the Office of Special Counsel named three Department of Veterans Affairs physicians Public Servant of the Year .
It was an upbeat event that praised protectors of the government’s mission, with little mention of the bad actors who tried to sabotage the doctors who did their duty. Positive reinforcement encouraging whistleblowers should be practiced at every agency. But to stop them from facing reprisals, negative reinforcement — meaning disciplinary action — should be taken toward those who retaliate against whistleblowers.
Katherine Mitchell of Phoenix and Phyllis Hollenbeck and Charles Sherwood, both of Jackson, Miss., were honored at the ceremony.
The special counsel and the House Veterans Affairs Committee “did need to protect me,” Hollenbeck told the gathering, “because I like to politely call what I’m on . . . the feces roster of those in charge in Jackson.”
While acknowledging the support of some colleagues during an interview, she added: “As soon as you start to speak up internally, even before you become a whistleblower, you face a lot of reprisals from the get-go.”
Read more in the Federal Diary in Monday’s Washington Post and online at:  http://wapo.st/1ythQ1q
Joe Davidson writes the Federal Diary, a column about the federal workplace that celebrated its 80th birthday in November 2012.

Dont worry tommorow will be at least 900Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Strong suport on. showing today. tomorrow`s will see 5% upmoveCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Do not be Shanghaied by relative strengthDo not be Shanghaied by relative strength
Jamie Chisholm
The 14-day RSI is becoming a useful tool in market pricing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c7848294-7eba-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wal-Mart Changes  I Can t Breathe  Ad After Complaintswal-mart changes  i can t breathe  ad after complaints
Hold On: Jobs Report Wasn t So Great After Allhold on: jobs report wasn t so great after all
New Republic Exodus: Staff Resigns En Masse Over Editorial ChangesNew Republic Exodus: Dozens Of Editors Resign Over Management Changes
Posted:
Updated:
12/05/2014  6:59 pm EST
Chris Hughes, Publisher and Executive Chairman of The New Republic, speaks on stage at the New Republic Centennial Gala at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium on November 19, 2014 in Washington, DC.  (Photo by Teresa Kroeger/Getty Images) | Teresa Kroeger via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK -- Dozens of staff members and contributing editors at The New Republic resigned en masse Friday morning, less than 24 hours after top editors Franklin Foer and Leon Wieseltier quit over a dispute with management over the magazine's direction.
New Republic owner Chris Hughes and newly installed CEO Guy Vidra announced Thursday they were repositioning the 100-year-old magazine to become a "vertically integrated digital media company." They hired Gabriel Snyder, who previously ran Gawker and The Wire, and was most recently at Bloomberg Media, to be its new editor-in-chief.
There has been tension at the magazine since Vidra's arrival over differing visions for the publication. Staffers saw management as overly focused on Web traffic at the expense of its legacy of narrative journalism and criticism.
The New Republic now seems unlikely to continue that legacy in any recognizable sense, since the majority of its longtime writers and editors have left, taking the magazine's institutional memory with them.
Friday's departures include: Jonathan Cohn (Senior Editor), Henri Cole (Poetry Editor), Isaac Chotiner (Senior Editor), David Hajdu (Music Critic), Jennifer Homans (Dance Critic), Sarah Williams Goldhagen (Architecture Critic), Julia Ioffe (Senior Editor), John Judis (Senior Editor), Hillary Kelly (Digital Media Editor), Adam Kirsch (Senior Editor), Alec MacGillis (Senior Editor), Evgeny Morozov* (Senior Editor), Rachel Morris (Executive Editor), Jed Perl (Art Critic), Jeffrey Rosen (Legal Affairs Editor), Noam Scheiber (Senior Editor),  Judith Shulevitz (Senior Editor), Greg Veis (Executive Editor) and Jason Zengerle (Senior Editor).
And many of the magazine's contributing editors, some for whom the position is largely honorary, have resigned, too: Anne Applebaum, David A. Bell, Christopher Benfey, Paul Berman, Jonathan Chait, William Deresiewicz, Justin Driver, Ezekiel J. Emanuel, T.A. Frank, Ruth Franklin, Nathan Glazer, Jack Goldsmith, Anthony Grafton, David Grann, David Greenberg, Robert Kagan, Lawrence Kaplan, Michael Kazin, Enrique Krauze, Damon Linker, Ryan Lizza, John McWhorter, Abbas Milani, Steven Pinker, David Rieff, Sacha Z. Scoblic, Timothy Snyder, Ronald Steel, Cass Sunstein, Alan Taylor, Helen Vendler, Michael Walzer, Geoffrey Wheatcroft and Sean Wilentz.
"I am saddened by the loss of such great talent, many of whom have played an important role in making The New Republic so successful in the past," Hughes said in a statement. "It has been a privilege to work with them, and I wish them only the best. This is a time of transition, but I am excited to work with our team -- both new and old alike -- as we pave a new way forward. The singular importance of The New Republic as an institution can and will be preserved, because it’s bigger than any one of us."
Staffers viewed Vidra, a former Yahoo executive, as uninterested in the legacy of the magazine that he was talking about disrupting. And they recalled Hughes, who made hundreds of millions of dollars as a Facebook co-founder, suggesting in a late October meeting that the magazine be more like a tech start-up than a journalistic outlet like The New Yorker.
The competing visions were apparent on stage a few weeks later at the magazine’s centennial gala. Foer and Wieseltier spoke of the magazine’s traditions and the journalists who steered it through the past century, while Hughes and Vidra emphasized the need to experiment with the publication and increase page views.
Senior editor Jason Zengerle, who spent 14 years at the magazine in two separate stints and resigned Friday, told The Huffington Post that the dispute wasn't a case of "old media versus new media.”
“We all recognized things needed to change, but not at the expense of destroying what was working so well,” Zengerle said. He added that staffers were happy to write more for the Web, “but not if you were going to turn the print magazine into a vestigial limb.”
Julia Ioffe, a senior editor who joined the magazine after Hughes’ purchase in 2012 and who also resigned on Friday, pushed back in a Facebook post against the suggestion that staffers were unwilling to contribute online:
The narrative you're going to see Chris and Guy put out there is that I and the rest of my colleagues who quit today were dinosaurs, who think that the Internet is scary and that Buzzfeed is a slur. Don't believe them. The staff at TNR has always been faithful to the magazine's founding mission to experiment, and nowhere have I been so encouraged to do so. There was no opposition in the editorial ranks to expanding TNR's web presence, to innovating digitally. Many were even [on] board for going monthly. We're not afraid of change. We have always embraced it.
David Hajdu, a professor at the Columbia School of Journalism and the magazine’s staff music critic for 12 years, said in an email to The Huffington Post that he doesn’t begrudge Hughes’ ambition and thinks "the mission to pioneer new approaches to journalism for the era of device delivery is not only legitimate, it's IMPORTANT.”
“The problem here, and it's an act of cultural violence, is in killing The New Republic so that a new, different kind of digital venture can live,” he continued. “Hughes could have and should have started a new digital company, if that's what he wanted to do, and he could have called it anything -- Chrisfeed, whatever. The ‘brand’ of the New Republic will be no help.”
Several former New Republic editors and writers wrote in a statement provided to The Huffington Post that the magazine they worked for is a "public trust" whose "legacy has now been trashed, the trust violated."
As former editors and writers for The New Republic, we write to express our dismay and sorrow at its destruction in all but name.
From its founding in 1914, The New Republic has been the flagship and forum of American liberalism. Its reporting and commentary on politics, society, and arts and letters have nurtured a broad liberal spirit in our national life.
The magazine’s present owner and managers claim they are giving it new relevance while remaining true to its century-old mission. Instead, they seem determined to strip it of the intellectual, literary, and political commitments that have been its essence and meaning. Their pronouncements suggest that they hold those commitments in contempt.
The New Republic cannot be merely a “brand.” It has never been and cannot be a “media company” that markets “content.” Its essays, criticism, reportage, and poetry are not “product.” It is not, or not primarily, a business. It is a voice, even a cause. It has lasted through numerous transformations of the “media landscape”—transformations that, far from rendering its work obsolete, have made that work ever more valuable.
The New Republic is a kind of public trust. That is something all its previous owners and publishers understood and respected. The legacy has now been trashed, the trust violated.
It is a sad irony that at this perilous moment, with a reactionary variant of conservatism in the ascendancy, liberalism’s central journal should be scuttled with flagrant and frivolous abandon. The promise of American life has been dealt a lamentable blow.
Peter Beinart  (Editor)

Watch as Twitter shifts from #BlackLivesMatter to #ICantBreathe -- and back againBy Nancy Scola December 5 Follow @nancyscola
Demonstrators take part in a protest in Foley Square on Dec. 4 in New York City after yesterday's decision by a Staten Island grand jury not to indict a police officer who used a chokehold in the death of Eric Garner in July. (Kena Betancur/Getty Images)
Twitter has released a map showing the spread over the past week and a half of hashtags related to the deaths of two African American men at the hands of police officers, one in Ferguson, Mo., and the other in Staten Island, N.Y. With the caveat that in some ways the visualization is simply a density map of the Twitter-using population, it offers insight into how complementary hashtags are used to rally around specific but related events.
The visualization starts Nov. 24, the day on which a Missouri prosecutor will later announce the results of a grand jury decision on whether to indict then-officer Darren Wilson in the shooting death of 18-year-old Michael Brown. The announcement came at night, but the daylight hours lit up with the spread of the hashtag #BlackLivesMatter. After late word came that the grand jury had chosen not to pursue charges against Wilson, that hashtag explodes. It returns to a simmer in the days that followed.
Curiously, it isn't until Dec. 1 that #HandsUpDontShoot — a reference to the idea that Brown could have had his arms raised during at least part of the shooting — picks up considerable steam.
(Twitter previously published a map showing references to Ferguson in the wake of Brown's Aug.  9 death.)
And then on Dec. 3, 2014, a grand jury in Staten Island chose not to indict Daniel Pantaleo, a police officer, in the death of Eric Garner. The map explodes with tweets tagged #ICantBreathe, a nod to what Garner repeatedly told police officers after he was wrestled to the ground. Soon after, #BlackLivesMatter reignites and spreads across the globe.
Hashtags, the map shows, are persistent, flexible things. #BlackLivesMatter is serving as sort of a catch-all for the bigger idea at work that users are going back to again and again, with more tailored tags emerging as a way of tying each incident into that broader, ongoing, powerful conversation.
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

Chicago futures trader accused of stealing trade secrets0
Newman's lawyer, Thomas More Leinenweber of Leinenweber Baroni & Daffadasaid, "We are looking forward to a trial of this matter and my client being totally vindicated."
The U.S. attorney's office didn't name the trading firm Newman worked for, saying it often doesn't name victims of crimes.
Leinenweber identified the firm as WH Trading, which didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
According to the U.S. attorney's office, Newman in 2011 signed a company document acknowledging that all information on the trading firm's information systems is the firm's property.
On Feb. 24, alone, he copied more than 400,000 computer files on to a personal thumb drive. The information included trading algorithms, the U.S. attorney's office said.
After he left the firm, he established an account to trade in the futures market. He signed an agreement with CME Group to use its trading platforms, the indictment said.
Newman worked for the trading firm from July 2004 through March 2014, first as a trading clerk and then as a trader. He left days after receiving his 2013 bonus, the U.S. attorney's office said.
The U.S. attorney's office says each count carries a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

RBI to ease rates by 50 bps in 2015  first cut likely in Feb: Morgan StanleyBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The RBI is expected to lower policy rates by 50 basis points in 2015 with the first rate cut likely as early as February next year on the back of slowing inflation, global brokerage firm Morgan Stanley said.
The report said the magnitude of rate cuts would depend on the trajectory of inflation, which is expected to reach 6 per cent level on a sustained basis by March 2015.
“In our base case, we expect inflation to reach the 6 per cent level on a sustained basis by March 2015 (same as the RBI’s expectation). We therefore assume 50 basis points policy rate cuts in 2015 in our base case,” Morgan Stanley said in a research note.
“We believe that the first rate cut is likely to be in February/March 2015,” the report added.
In terms of magnitude of rate cuts, Morgan Stanley expects 50-100 basis points of policy rate cuts in 2015, depending on the inflation trajectory, which in turn will be dependent on the trend in commodity prices, fiscal deficit and rural wage growth.
The upside and downside risks to these forecasts would be influenced by two key factors: the pace of policy actions to revive productivity dynamic and the strength of external demand recovery, it said.
At the December 2 monetary policy review, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan chose to hold rates, saying it is premature to go in for a cut at the moment, but held out hope of a cut if inflation falls.
On economic growth, the report said GDP growth on a quarterly basis is expected to accelerate from the current pace of 5.3 per cent for the quarter ended September 30, to 7.3 per cent in the March quarter of 2017.
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan Reserve Bank Of India
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Economists Forecast Fast Growth in 2015It has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Injured Bhuvi set to miss first two TestsWritten by Bharat Sundaresan | Adelaide |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:36 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 11:04 am
While India’s fortunes fluctuated like an unscrewed pendulum before plummeting into complete disarray in England, the one grapnel that remained secure and steadfast was the bowling of Bhuvneshwar Kumar. The wiry swing bowler not only delivered almost every time his captain tossed the ball to him, he also inked himself in as the mainstay of India’s fast-bowling arsenal. Kumar will, however, have to cheer his team on from the bench, at least at the start of the Test series Down Under, after he was ruled out for the first two matches owing to an injured left ankle.
Although the official release from the team management said that the 24-year-old could be available for selection even for the series opener in Adelaide, The Indian Express has learnt that he will not be fit for action before the Boxing Day Test in Melbourne.
Kumar didn’t bowl or field during the second practice game played at the Glenelg Oval earlier this week. He did have a light session near the nets as the first day wore down, but he was accompanied by the physiotherapist and an ice-pack. And he was completely absent during India’s training session at the Adelaide Oval on Sunday, neither appearing near the nets nor at the main ground, where the team did their fielding drills.
Kumar had never played a Test overseas when he snared five wickets at Trent Bridge in July. He followed that up with a six-wicket haul at Lord’s to set up a historic win.
Shami or Yadav?
With Kumar now ruled out, the visitors will now have to choose between Mohammad Shami and Umesh Yadav for the third fast bowler’s slot. Shami and Yadav bowled in tandem incidentally on Sunday, and both had their moments. Shami with a full delivery that swung past the bat of Ajinkya Rahane and Yadav with a sharp in-swinger that would have trapped Naman Ojha right in front. Shami’s returns from England were poor and his five wickets came at 73.20 apiece. His failure had prompted a number of calls for the recall of the pacy Yadav.
In many ways, he was the pick of India’s previous tour to Australia, where he not only took wickets but also troubled the likes of Ricky Ponting and Shaun Marsh. And following an impressive outing in the ODIs against Sri Lanka back home, Yadav has looked to have regained the kind of rhythm that helped him taste success on these pitches.
If Yadav does play, India will finally go into a Test match on foreign soil with an attack which is genuinely a pacy one. For, like they showed at practice, Varun Aaron and Ishant Sharma will form an exciting combination with the new ball. The duo was quick and incisive in their bursts on Sunday.
But having said that, Kumar’s breakdown means that India continued…

Unfair to expect same commitment from all nations on Climate: Ban Ki-moonPosted: December 8, 2014 3:13 pm
 
Following ambitious pledges by US and China to reduce emissions, UN chief Ban Ki-moon said it is “not fair” for all countries to make the same level of contributions, given their different phases of development and needs, a stand similar to that of India.
“It is clear that every country has to act in accordance with its own national circumstances and level of development.
No country can dictate to another sovereign country. But climate change is a global challenge that requires a coordinated global approach.
All countries must play their part,” the Secretary General told PTI.
Last month, the US and China announced a significant deal setting limits on greenhouse gases. The US said it intends to achieve an economy-wide target of reducing its emissions by 26-28 per cent below its 2005 level in 2025 and to make best efforts to reduce its emissions by 28 per cent.
China hopes to achieve the peaking of CO2 emissions around 2030 and to make best efforts to peak early and intends to increase the share of non-fossil fuels in primary energy consumption to around 20 per cent by 2030.
While Prime Minister Narendra Modi has voiced his commitment to environmental issues, India has stressed that the country will take action on climate change on its own volition.
On whether it is fair to expect the same level of contributions from India as those promised by the US and China, which have been on of the biggest emitters, Ban said it is unfair to expect same commitments on reducing emissions
from all countries.
“It is not fair for all countries to contribute the same – countries face different circumstances, are in differing phases of development, and have different capacities and needs. But every country needs to do what it can. This is an investment in our collective future,” he said.
“It is in everyone’s self-interest to take action. All countries – and people – will win if we act. Everyone loses if we do not – especially the world’s poorest and most vulnerable,” he added.
India has also made a strong pitch for focusing on adaptation and common but differentiated responsibilities (CBDR) as part of the new global order on climate change, saying it cannot only be about mitigation and emission cuts.
Ban said it is “absolutely true” that that the adaptation and resilience agenda has not received the attention or financing that is needed.
“Climate change is already happening, and countries and communities in developing countries need the assistance to build climate resilient economies,” he said.
A number of initiatives were launched at the UN Chief’s Climate Summit in September to expand access to insurance for people in vulnerable communities and to promote disaster reduction measures.
“But we need to do much more on adaptation. I will see to it that the UN expands its work on the adaptation agenda. The commitments countries will place in the new agreement will be self-determined and not imposed continued…

Gold Falls to Rs 26 650 on Subdued Demand  Global CuesYou are here: Home Industries
Gold Extends Losses on Subdued Demand, Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 08, 2014 15:39 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New Delhi: Extending losses for the third straight day, gold prices fell by another Rs 25 to Rs 26,650 per 10 grams at the bullion market in the national capital on Monday owing to slackened demand from jewellers and retailers amid a weakening global trend.
Silver also eased by Rs 50 to Rs 36,650 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said besides low demand from jewellers and retailers, a weakening global trend - amid the US employment data and strengthening dollar reducing appeal for the precious metals - kept pressure on gold prices.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 0.4 per cent to $1,187.27 an ounce and silver was down 0.8 per cent at $16.15 an ounce, the lowest level since December 2.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell further by Rs 25 each to Rs 26,650 and Rs 26,450 per 10 grams respectively. It had lost Rs 225 in the past two days.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 23,700 per piece of 8 grams.
In a similar fashion, silver ready traded lower by Rs 50 at Rs 36,650 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 75 to Rs 36,625 per kg.
Meanwhile, silver coins continued to be asked at previous level of Rs 62,000 for buying and Rs 63,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: December 08, 2014 15:36 (IST)

Deadlock over Niranjan Jyoti s hate speech resolves in Rajya SabhaDec 08, 2014 at 02:46pm IST
Deadlock over Niranjan Jyoti's hate speech resolves in Rajya Sabha
3
0
New Delhi: After a week of uproar by opposition parties over Minister of State Food Processing Industries Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti's hate speech, the deadlock has finally ended in Rajya Sabha on Monday.
As the Narendra Modi government refused to adopt a resolution condeming Jyoti's speech, which could be seen as a climbdown by the government, the House saw repeated adjournments. The opposition parties even gave a joint statement to the media condemning Jyoti's speech and insisted on resolution being passed.
The opposition MPs even submitted the resolution to the Rajya Sabha Chairman and demanded its passage. The Chairman said that nobody should make statements that are divisive, derogatory and unconstitutional after which the House started functioning.
The opposition parties even gave a joint statement to the media condemning Jyoti's speech and insisted on resolution being passed.
#winter session #parliament #rajya sabha #niranjan jyoti
Congress MP Anand Sharma said, "We want Parliament to function. The opposition wanted a censure motion to be passed against Sadhvi Niranjan. We placed this motion in the House as we disapporved of the inflamatory nature of the comments made by the minister.
As second week of the winter session witnessed disruptions over the controversial statement by Niranjan Jyoti, several bills were not taken up.
They include: The Textiles Undertakings (Nationalisation) Laws (Amendment and Validation) Bill, 2014 to replace an Ordinance, The Constitution Scheduled Castes Orders (Amendment) Bill, 2014, The Central Universities Bill, 2014 and The School of Planning and Architecture Bill, 2014 that have already been passed by the Lok Sabha this session.
1

Kennedy Center Honors37th annual Kennedy Center Honors
View Photos
Kennedy Center honorees are celebrated.
Caption
Kennedy Center honorees are celebrated.
  From left: John F. Kerry, Al Green, Patricia McBride, Sting, Lily Tomlin, Tom Hanks, Michelle Obama and President Obama at the beginning of the Kennedy Center Honors at the Kennedy Center. Matt McClain/The Washington Post
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
“Tonight, Washington puts the arts above politics because no matter what party you belong to, everybody wants a selfie with Tom Hanks,” Colbert told the well-heeled crowd.
In addition to an endless parade of CBS stars — not unexpected, since the program will air on that network Dec. 30 at 9 p.m. — the gala performance included several former honorees returning to pay it forward, or perhaps to pay back the colleagues who had previously lauded them. Steven Spielberg paid homage to Hanks, for example, who did the same when the “Saving Private Ryan” director was honored in 2006.
The black-tie event, which raised more than $6 million, began with a musical salute to soul legend Green. Earth Wind & Fire turned in an energetic “I Can’t Get Next to You,” Hudson performed a smoldering “Simply Beautiful” and Usher got the crowd on its feet for “Let’s Stay Together.” But veteran singers Mavis Staples and Sam Moore stole the spotlight with a joyfully raucous “Take Me to the River,” backed by the younger artists and a giant choir.
Broadway and TV star Christine Baranski gushed with admiration as she introduced McBride, a prima ballerina with the New York City Ballet who danced with Edward Villella, Jacques D’Amboise and Mikhail Baryshnikov.
“She was the muse of two of the 20th century’s greatest choreographers, George Balanchine and Jerome Robbins,” Baranski said. “All of these names are Kennedy Center honorees. Tonight, at long last, she joins their company.”
Two of today’s leading ballerinas, Tiler Peck and Misty Copeland, performed works choreographed by Balanchine that McBride made famous. Members of the Charlotte Ballet — the North Carolina company McBride has led since 1996 — appeared to join them in a spirited romp through George Gershwin’s “I Got Rhythm,” another Balanchine classic. McBride beamed.
Tomlin’s accomplishments were touted in the evening’s most awkward segment. First, Jane Lynch and “Saturday Night Live” comedian Kate McKinnon toasted the actress as a trailblazing performer.
“Lily, thank you,” McKinnon said, “You turned playing lovable oddballs into a viable career option.”
Longtime friend Reba McEntire described her generous, loyal pal, and Jane Fonda stirred in some feminist politics — loosely tied to “ 9 to 5 ,” the film she and Tomlin made about working women.
“Lily made people laugh so hard that they didn’t even notice we were talking about flextime and day care and another really weird notion called equal pay,” Fonda said. “Equal pay? They’re still laughing about that one.”
If Tomlin’s salute was quirky, then the celebration of Hanks’s career was hokey Hollywood magic. David Letterman joked, Spielberg was heartfelt and Martin Short tried to sum up his longtime friend’s acting range while also explaining his appeal.
“There’s something about Tom Hanks that feels like he’s the very essence of America,” Short said.
And as if to prove it, Short sang a reworked version of “Yankee Doodle Dandy” (complete with the lyric, “Yankee Doodle went to Spielberg, riding on his Oscars”). Before the number was over, there were five military ensembles, including the U.S. Air Force Band’s Ceremonial Brass and the U.S. Army Old Guard Fife and Drum Corps, filling the stage and aisles. A delighted Hanks pretended to conduct.
The night’s grand finale was reserved for Sting, the multiple-Grammy-winning pop star and newly arrived Broadway composer. Longtime fan Meryl Streep, who appeared with the musician in the 1985 movie “ Plenty ,” gave a formal introduction that was both intimate and encyclopedic.
“Thank you for your restless heart, for ‘Roxanne’ and ‘The Last Ship,’ and everything from the 40 years in between,” she said, pausing as if to hold back a smirk. “Every breath you take, every you move you make, we’ll be watching you.”
Four musical numbers celebrated the breadth of his music. A sparkling Lady Gaga played piano on the uptempo “If I Ever Lose My Faith in You,” and Esperanza Spalding and 2013 honoree Herbie Hancock turned in a jazzy duet of “Fragile.” Bruce Springsteen contributed an emotional “I Hung My Head,” a fitting response to Sting’s performance of the Jersey rocker’s 9/11 anthem “The Rising” when the Boss was an honoree.
But the evening’s showstopper was Bruno Mars leading a glorious rock-and-roll carnival of “So Lonely,” “Roxanne” and “Message in a Bottle” that ended with Mars jamming with the cast of “The Last Ship” — who had made a mad dash to Washington after Sunday’s matinee in New York to surprise the show’s creator and composer.
READ MORE:

MDMK quits NDA  hits out at Narendra Modi GovtSydney terror attack: System failed to track siege gunman, says Australia PM Tony Abbott
MDMK led by Vaiko today decided to quit the NDA alliance in Tamil Nadu alleging that the Narendra Modi government at the Centre was acting against Tamils and betrayed the people of the state.
The MDMK District Secretaries meeting held here adopted an unanimous resolution to walk out of the NDA, the alliance it joined on the eve of Lok Sabha polls.
The resolution moved by party supremo Vaiko declared that “MDMK can no more be part of the Bharatiya Janata Party-led NDA as the saffron party-led government has been insensitive to a host of issues concerning Tamil Nadu including Mullaperiyar dam issue”.
The district secretaries meeting, one of the top level wings of the party, urged that India should not support Sri Lanka.
“BJP has been acting against Tamils. Modi wished Mahinda Rajapaksa for elections (there). Modi government is silent on Subramanian Swamy’s proposal for Bharat Ratna for Rajapaksa”, the resolution stated.
The party also came down heavily on the BJP government’s efforts on “sanskritisation of education.”
The party alleged that the Modi government had not taken care of the needs of Tamil Nadu people. The government has given permission for review of Mullaiperiyar dam water level, it charged. “Modi is betraying people of Tamil Nadu,” it said.
The resolution was critical of the “inaction” by the Centre on the Cauvery water sharing issue against the backdrop of Tamil Nadu continuing to press for setting up Cauvery Management Authority and its opposition to Karnataka’s plans to build dams across the Cauvery river at Mekedatu.
The party termed the release of five fishermen who were saved from death sentence following pardon granted by Rajapaksa as a “drama” and accused the Centre of not solving the fishermen issue.
The MDMK joined the six-party grand alliance led by BJP in Tamil Nadu ahead of May Lok Sabha elections. Though the party contested seven seats out of 39, it could not win any. BJP and PMK, another partner of the NDA alliance, managed to win a seat each.
Vaiko has been critical of the Modi-led government in the last few months and Modi greeting Lankan President Rajapaksa at the SAARC meeting further widened the cracks. There were criticism by BJP leaders against Vaiko, with H Raja saying Vaiko was free to remain or leave the alliance.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party MDMK
More from miscellaneous

Petropavlovsk shares plunge on debt planPetropavlovsk shares plunge on $235m refinancing plan
By James Wilson and Jack Farchy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a3ac5902-7ebd-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BRIAN SNYDER / Reutersbrian snyder / reuters
Happy employees will deliver better: NS RajanHappy employees will deliver better: NS Rajan
Our Bureau
Tweet
From Left to Right: Shri Robin Singh, Cricketer and Coach- Mumbai Indians, Dr. Bala V Balachandran, Founder & Dean – Great Lakes Institute of Management, Shri N.S.Rajan, Chief Human Resources officer and member of the Group Executive council of Tata Sons, Shri Srini Raju, Founder & MD, Peepul Capital Advisors Pvt.Ltd and Prof Vaidy Jayaraman, Associate Dean, Great Lakes Institute of Mangement.
Chennai, Dec 8:  
The time has come for organisations to go beyond employee engagement. NS Rajan, Chief Human Resources Officer and member of the Group Executive Council of Tata Sons, speaking at the inaugural of L’Attitude, the annual inter B school festival of the Great Lakes Institute of Management, said, “Great leaders and progressive enterprises should now seek to unravel the contours of what makes people happy at work. Only when employees are happy, hard work becomes effortless, and in turn employees would gladly commit themselves to making their leaders happy, delivering desired outcomes.”
Srini Raju, Founder & MD, Peepul Capital Advisors Pvt Ltd, speaking at the event, said, “Punctuality is a significant attribute of being a great leader. To be successful in life and lead life in a contented way you need to believe in what you do and do it with eternal passion. Hard work and belief in your aspirations will take you places.”
Delivering the special address, Robin Singh, cricketer and coach of the IPL team, Mumbai Indians, said, “I take all my inspiration from the game of cricket. Building a great team within an organisation needs a peaceful environment where each and every member of the team is empowered with a sense of purpose and ownership towards their work. To be successful one needs to have the right attitude, mindset, focus and discipline.”
The eighth edition of the festival is based on the theme ‘En route India- Harnessing the Indian-ness’ and saw participation from management institutions across India. The theme “En route India” was chosen witnessing the growing eminence of India globally and how institutions as well as people are making their way to India. Over 100 B schools and over 3,000 students participated in the festival, including from the top IIMs.
In his welcome address, Bala V Balachandran, Chairman, Founder and Dean, Great Lakes Institute of Management, said that with every passing year, L’Attitude is witnessing increasing participation of talent from top business schools across the country. The students and the faculty at Great Lakes are working towards raising the standards through innovative competitive events and engaging prominent industry thinkers’ and leaders in the annual event.”
L’Attitude hosted various unique competitions to analyze the leadership and managerial skills of the students as well as teams on various parameters. Arthayuga, Seeking Alpha, Invader, Nirnay, Spandan were few of the corporate games conceptualized to make the participants showcase their varied skills and present their thoughts.
Spandan was conceptualized to emphasise the potential of rural India. A three-member team was given three major challenges that the villages face and the participants were asked to choose one of them and come up with sustainable and cost-effective solutions that could transform the villages. The entries were accepted in all forms - videos, photos, documents, PPTs, extempore etc., The judgment was made based on out-of-the-box ideas, practicality of the solutions, clarity in thought process & innovative presentation.
To exhibit their marketing skills, students participated in Invaders. The participants were given a marketing challenge and the two member team had to come up with truly innovative solutions, as a test of their marketing acumen.
Quizmaster Navin Jayakumar hosted a National-level Quiz (QuizProQuo) at the mega Fest. It was a generic quiz with business flavour designed to discover and reward the best quizzing talent among Indian corporates, undergraduate and postgraduate schools.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Four Infosys co-founders sell $1 bn shares; Investors lose $2bnInfosys
(A total of 3.26 crore shares,…)
BENGALURU/MUMBAI: Families of four Infosys co-founders, including Narayana Murthy and Nandan Nilekani , today sold over $1 billion (Rs 6,484 crore) worth shares -- within months of all original promoters exiting the management and Vishal Sikka becoming the first outsider CEO.
While these four co-founders, which also include former CEO S D Shibulal and K Dinesh, have monetised only part of their holdings -- for entrepreneurship and philanthropic activities -- their action led to a sharp plunge of about 5 per cent in the IT heavyweight's share price eroding almost $two billion from the company's market capitalisation.
A total of 3.26 crore shares, accounting for over 5.5 per cent stake in the company, were sold through multiple deals by Murthy, Nilekani, Dinesh and some of their family members, as well as wife of Shibulal.
Infosys, which currently commands a market value of about Rs 2.25 lakh crore, was founded by seven engineers, including these four, by pooling together just $250 in 1981, while all the promoters together held 15.92 per cent stake at the end of last quarter.
The shares were sold to domestic and foreign institutional investors at an average price of Rs 1,988.87, as per Deutsche Equities India, which executed the deals.
The sale has been done to partially monetise their stake, after more than three decades of setting up the company. Some portion of the proceeds will also be used by the founders towards philanthropic activities.
The shares have been sold at a time when the company has gone through a major governance and management restructuring. The last of the Infosys founders stepped down from the board in October this year, while former SAP executive Vishal Sikka has taken over as the CEO. This is the first time that someone other than the co-founders has been appointed as CEO.
Infosys shares have been up 21.4 per cent since the beginning of the year, but slipped 4.88 per cent to close at Rs 1968.60 at the BSE today.
In a statement, Murthy said: "Our family has sold a minor part of our stake to continue various activities including our efforts to encourage entrepreneurship and our personal philanthropic efforts."
"These are activities that I expect to be busy with during the next phase of my life. Even after this sale our family continues to be the largest shareholder among retail shareholders. We have tremendous confidence in the future of Infosys and its leaders," said Murthy.
Murthy and family sold 1.2 crore shares for Rs 2386.55 crore and still is left with 2.34 crore shares. Nilekani and his wife Rohini sold 1.2 crore shares for Rs 2,386.23 crore and are left with 1.96 crore shares.
Dinesh and family sold 62 lakh shares for Rs 1,233.65 crore and still retains 2.25 crore shares. Shibulal's wife Kumari sold 24 lakh shares for Rs 477.38 crore.
Infosys shares have so far risen 23 per cent since the company in June hired Vishal Sikka, the first chief executive officer that wasn't one of the seven founders. That is more than double the gain in the benchmark index.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee weakens 5 paise against dollar to settle at 61.84Rupee weakens 5 paise against dollar to settle at 61.84
Wi-fi service launched at New Delhi railway stationWi-fi service launched at New Delhi railway station
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 8:  
Close to 5 lakh passengers travelling via the New Delhi railway station, the busiest in the country, will now be able to connect to the internet through the wi—fi service, which was launched at the station here today.
Terming internet as a “new necessity”, Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu said efforts are on to make maximum use of science and technology, particularly information technology to provide better facilities to passengers.
“Today we have launched wi—fi service at New Delhi station. This has become a necessity for the people,” he said after launching the service here.
People thronging the station can now access wi—fi internet on any of the 16 platforms free of cost for an initial period of 30 minutes after which they would be required to register for the same using their mobile phones.
Beyond 30 minutes, the user would have to purchase scratch cards costing Rs 25 for 30 minutes and Rs 35 for an hour and valid through 24 hours, which will be made available at 24X7 wi—fi helpdesks on the concourse at the Paharganj and Ajmeri Gate sides of New Delhi railway station.
Prabhu said Railways is planning to provide the facility at all major stations, and trains also to connect the common man.
“Our Prime Minister’s dream is that there should not be hi—fi but wi—fi. It should not be limited to only a few people but to common people also. We are trying to provide this facility to more and more stations as soon as possible.
“We are finalising an action plan for this and besides stations, we will provide it on trains also. This is a beginning today, but it will not be confined to one station only,” he said.
The project is being implemented by RailTel, a railway PSU which is mandated to provide the service.
The total cost of the project is Rs 50 lakh and an amount of Rs 16 lakh will be spent annually to run the facility.
The wi—fi facility is to be provided at 75 major category stations within a year.
It is to be launched on a trial basis at Agra, Ahmedabad and Varanasi by the end of December and at Howrah, Mumbai’s Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus and Secunderabad stations by January next year. PTI ARU PRM 12081827
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

CCI nod for Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy merger with caveatsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sun-Ranbaxy merger gets conditional nod
Our Bureau
Will have to divest seven drug formulations in relevant markets
New Delhi, December 8:  
The Competition Commission of India has approved the Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy merger with some caveats.
According to the conditions imposed by the Commission, the merged entity will have to divest seven drug formulations in which its combined market share goes up to 95 per cent, resulting in a monopoly.
The seven formulations include tamsulosin + tolterodine (combined market share of 90-95 per cent); rosuvastatin + ezetimibe (90-95 per cent); and leuprorelin (85-90 per cent). The others which adversely impact the market but their share is less than 80 per cent are terlipressin (65-70 per cent); olanzapine + fluoxetine (65-70 per cent); levosulpiride + esomeprazole (60-65 per cent); and olmesartan + amlodipine + hydroclorthiazide (40-45 per cent).
Acknowledging that the CCI approval was a step ahead, the companies said these products constitute less than 1 per cent of the combined entity's revenues in India.
This $4-billion agreement is the first merger deal where CCI had sought opinion from the public.In a statement, CCI said: “The Commission in its meeting held on December 5 approved the proposed merger between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy, subject to the parties inter alia carrying out the divestiture of their products relating to seven relevant markets for formulations.”
Dilip Shanghvi, Managing Director of Sun Pharma, and Arun Sawhney, CEO & Managing Director of Ranbaxy, in a joint statement said, “The approval by CCI is a significant step forward. We are confident that post closure, the combined entity will enable sustainable long-term growth and deliver immense value for all stakeholders.”
According to the terms inked between Ranbaxy and Sun Pharmaceuticals in April, each Ranbaxy shareholder will get 0.8 shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals for every share of Ranbaxy.
On May 6, the CCI received a notice from Sun Pharmaceuticals and Ranbaxy Laboratories for the proposed merger of Ranbaxy with Sun Pharma.
While giving its nod the Commission said, on the basis of combined market share of the parties, the investigation focussed on some relevant markets for formulations where the proposed combination was likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India.
In addition to these relevant markets, the Commission also investigated two pipeline products of Ranbaxy and possibility of any vertical foreclosure in the market for active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs).
On the basis of the replies submitted by the parties, the Commission decided that the adverse effect of the proposed combination on competition can be eliminated by suitable modification under the provisions of the Competition Act, 2002, it added.
The deal got the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) nod on December 2. It is likely to create the fifth-largest pharmaceutical company in the world and the largest in India.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Sony s PlayStation store victim of cyber att...You are here: Home > Collections
Sony Corp's PlayStation store victim of cyber attack: Report
Reuters Dec 8, 2014, 06.54PM IST
Tags:
PlayStation Network
("We are aware that users…)
Sony Corp's PlayStation online store was hacked on Monday, leading to a two-hour outage, the Financial Times reported, without citing sources.
Sony confirmed the outage and said it was investigating the cause.
The company has not received any report that information has been leaked or stolen, the FT said.
Sony said users faced difficulty accessing the PlayStation network between 8:52 a.m. and 11:18 a.m. Tokyo time on Monday (6:52 p.m.-9:18 p.m. ET on Sunday) and the issue had been resolved.
The outage follows a denial-of-service attack on the PlayStation network in August. A Twitter user with the handle @LizardSquad claimed responsibility.
A tweet on Monday from a user with the handle @LizurdPatrol and account name Lizard Squad said: "50 RTs (retweets) and we will hit off PSN (PlayStation Network). 50 FAVs (favorites) and we will hit off XBOX LIVE."
The Financial Times said that some visitors to the PlayStation online store were greeted with the message: "Page not found. It's not you. It's the internet's fault."
Last month, Sony's Hollywood studio, Sony Pictures Entertainment, was hit by a massive hack that shut down most of the studio's network for more than a week.
Following that attack hackers released sensitive data over the Internet, including employee salaries and social security numbers along with high-quality digital versions of several unreleased films.
This isn't Sony's first tryst with hackers. The company 's PlayStation network suffered a major attack in 2011, resulting in the theft of data belonging to 77 million users.
Sony's US listed shares were down 3.3 per cent at $21.40 on the New York Stock Exchange on Monday. The stock had fallen as much as 3.9 per cent in early trading.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Acer partners Snapdeal to restart smartphone...You are here: Home > Collections
Acer partners Snapdeal to restart smartphone business in India
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 06.24PM IST
Tags:
Abhishek Passi
(Taiwanese IT company Acer…)
NEW DELHI: Taiwanese IT company Acer today restarted its smartphone business in India in partnership with e-commerce firm Snapdeal with the launch of two new handsets, priced at Rs 11,999 and Rs 16,999, respectively.
"We have strong presence in IT business. IT industry is converging and at a point colliding with handset business. We want to leverage our strength of IT and smartphone business will compliment it," Acer Group's Vice President (smartphones) Allen Burnes said at the launch event.
The company launched Android Kitkat platform based Liquid Jade dual sim model for Rs 16,999 which has a 5-inch scratch resistant Gorilla glass 3 display, quad-core processor, 2 GB RAM, 16 GB internal memory and 13 megapixel main camera.
The other model, Liquid E700, priced at Rs 11,999 has a 5-inch high definition screen. The phone has slot for three sims and comes with 3,500 mAh battery which promises up to 24 hours of talk time, 60 hours of standby time, 12 hours of video viewing and 100 hours of music playback.
"India is a big market, particularly a big wireless market and soon there will be wide spread of 3G and 4G services. Not being here will be a strategic error," Burnes said.
Liquid E700 is also built on Android Kitkat platform and has a quad-core processor, 2GB RAM and 16 GB of internal storage besides a micro SD card slot for expandable storage.
The company will start selling its phones exclusively on Snapdeal from December 10.
"We are currently reaching out to about 5,000 pin code locations. Acer will be able to have large geographic reach from Day 1 of launching its products," Snapdeal Vice President for Business Strategy Abhishek Passi said.
Passi said Snapdeal is looking to double the number of sellers on its platform to 1 million in next 3 years.
"We are also reaching out to people who do not have access to Internet shopping through Fino stores. We have done pilot (project) across their 200 stores and expand our presence in phased manner to about 7,000 centres," Passi added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How you can ensure your safety while taking a cabDec 08, 2014 at  11:27pm IST
How you can ensure your safety while taking a cab
49
0
New Delhi: The Delhi government on Monday banned all operations by private cab service provider Uber with immediate effect and blacklisted it from providing any transport service in the city in the wake of the alleged rape incident. Here are few tips on how you can ensure your safety while taking a cab.
Take a picture of the number plate and send to friends/family
Take a picture of the driver & send to friends/family
Send your live location via gps to your friends/family
Check that the cab has GPS installed.
Check the verification of the driver displayed in the cab
17
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

TIMOTHY A. CLARY / AFP - Getty Imagestimothy a. clary / afp - getty images
Watchdog warns over supplier paymentsWatchdog warns retailers over supplier payments
Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5144e052-7ecd-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ranji Trophy: Hyderabad tailenders frustrate Andhra Pradesh on Day 2By: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 8, 2014 7:48 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 8:26 pm
Hyderabad tailenders frustrated Andhra Pradesh no end as Ashish Reddy and Chama Milind registered big fifties to help the Ravi Teja-led team post 522 on Day 2 of the Ranji Trophy match.
Starting the day on 281 for six in the four-day encounter, No.9 Reddy (95) and No.10 Milind (97 not out) dug in deep to stitch a 162-run ninth-wicket partnership and add to the Andhra woes after skipper Teja had troubled the hosts
with his well-made 96 on the opening day.
Overnight batsman Ibrahim Khaleel (40) also contributed with a well-made 40 before Reddy and Milind took over to smash the ball around.
The duo struck 29 fours and 3 sixes between themselves to help Hyderabad manage an overall run-rate of 3.51.
In reply to the mammoth first-innings score, the Mohammad Kaif-led Andhra ended Monday on 121 for no loss, trailing Hyderabad by 401 runs.
Openers Srikar Bharat (71) and Prasanth Kumar (50) remained unconquered after a dose of patience and aggression.
If pace spearhead Paidikalva Vijaykumar made his presence felt on Day 1 then medium-pacer Duvvarapu Shivkumar (4-84) was the pick of the Andhra bowlers in the innings.
Brief Scores: Hyderabad 522 all out (D Ravi Teja 96, Ashish Reddy 95, Chama Milind 97 not out; Duvvarapu Shivkumar 4-84) Andhra Pradesh 121/0 (Srikar Bharat 71 not out, Prasanth Kumar 50 not out; Ashish Reddy 0-8).
Bains, Parida half-centuries drive Himachal ahead
Fighting half-centuries from opener Ankush Bains and Rashmi Parida gave Himachal Pradesh a vital first-innings lead against Services on Day 2 of the Group C Ranji Trohpy match.
Responding to Serives’ 226 in the four-day encounter, the Bipul Sharma-led Himachal finished Monday on 255 for six – a lead of 29 runs.
Pace spearhead Suraj Yadav and left-arm spinner Abhishek Sakuja two wickets apiece to pull things back for the Yashpal Singh-led Services.
Brief Scores: Services 226 in 80.1 overs (Deepak Punia 64, Saumik Chatterjee 42; Vikramjit Malik 3/57. Rishi Dhawan 3-57) Himachal Pradesh 255/6 in 97 overs (Ankush Bains 67, Rashmi Parida 54 not out, Nikhil Gangta 10 not out; Suraj Yadav 2-55, Abhishek Sakuja 2-30).
Goa score 367; reduce Kerala to 60/2
Goa posted a competitive 367 all out in their first innings before reducing Kerala to 60 for two on a rain-curtailed second day of their Ranji Trophy Group C match.
Resuming on 313 for six, Sunday’s half-centurion Darshan Misal could add only nine runs to his overnight score
to be dismissed for 76.
Kerala’s Basil Thampi (4/110) was the pick of the bowlers, while Nizar Niyas (3/74) chipped in with three wickets.
In reply, Kerala lost opener VA Jagadeesh (8) and one-down batsman Rohan Prem (8) cheaply. At stumps, KB Pawan was unbeaten on 28 and Amit Verma was on nine.
Only 53 overs could be bowled on Monday.
Brief scores: Goa 1st innings: 367 all out (Darshan Misal 76; Basil Thampi 4/110, Nizar Niyas 3/74). Kerala: 60 for two in 32 overs.
Assam take firm grip
Assam took a firm grip over their Group C Ranji Trophy match as they registered 275 all out after bundling out Tripura for a paltry 135 on the second day.
At stumps, Tripura were two for no loss in four overs, still needing another 138 runs to make the hosts bat again at
the Nehru Stadium.
Kunal Saikia top-scored for Assam with a patient knock of 64, which came off 111 balls, and included 11 boundaries. J

North Korea denies Sony hack  calls it righteous deedBy: Associated Press | South Korea |
Posted: December 8, 2014 7:46 pm
North Korea released a statement on December 7 that clearly relished a cyber attack on Sony Pictures, which is producing an upcoming film that depicts an assassination plot against Pyongyang’s supreme leader.
While denying responsibility for an attack last week that disrupted Sony’s computer system and spewed confidential information onto the Internet, an unidentified spokesman for the North’s powerful National Defense Commission acknowledged that it “might be a righteous deed of the supporters and sympathizers” of the North’s call for the world to turn out in a “just struggle” against U.S. imperialism.
“We do not know where in America the Sony Pictures is situated and for what wrongdoings it became the target of the attack, nor (do) we feel the need to know about it,” the statement carried in state media said. “But what we clearly know is that the Sony Pictures is the very one which was going to produce a film abetting a terrorist act while hurting the dignity of the supreme leadership of North Korea.
North Korea has built a cult of personality around the Kim family, which has ruled for three generations, and sees any outside criticism or mockery of its leader as an attack on its sovereignty. It recently opened fire on anti-Pyongyang propaganda balloons that North Korean defectors in the South were floating across the border into the North.
The Sony movie in question, “The Interview,” is a comedy starring Seth Rogen and James Franco, and its plot concerns an attempt on the life of leader Kim Jong Un.
Pyongyang is not amused.
The statement said the North’s enemies, the United States and South Korea, had “groundlessly linked the hacking attack with Pyongyang, but the denial also included a threat.
The United States should know that “there are a great number of supporters and sympathizers with (North Korea) all over the world as well as the ‘champions of peace’ who attacked the Sony Pictures,” the statement said. “The righteous reaction will get stronger to smash the evil doings.”
Some cybersecurity experts say they’ve found striking similarities between the code used in the hack of Sony Pictures Entertainment and attacks blamed on North Korea that targeted South Korean companies and government agencies last year.
Experts are divided, however, over the likelihood that North Korea or independent hackers were involved.

Wi-fi service launched at New Delhi railway ...New Delhi Railway station
(Terming internet as a "new…)
NEW DELHI: Close to 5 lakh passengers travelling via the New Delhi railway station , the busiest in the country, will now be able to connect to the internet through the wi-fi service, which was launched at the station here today.
Terming internet as a "new necessity", Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu said efforts are on to make maximum use of science and technology, particularly information technology to provide better facilities to passengers.
"Today we have launched wi-fi service at New Delhi station. This has become a necessity for the people," he said after launching the service here.
People thronging the station can now access wi-fi internet on any of the 16 platforms free of cost for an initial period of 30 minutes after which they would be required to register for the same using their mobile phones.
Beyond 30 minutes, the user would have to purchase scratch cards costing Rs 25 for 30 minutes and Rs 35 for an hour and valid through 24 hours, which will be made available at 24X7 wi-fi helpdesks on the concourse at the Paharganj and Ajmeri Gate sides of New Delhi railway station.
Prabhu said Railways is planning to provide the facility at all major stations, and trains also to connect the common man.
"Our Prime Minister's dream is that there should not be hi-fi but wi-fi. It should not be limited to only a few people but to common people also. We are trying to provide this facility to more and more stations as soon as possible.
"We are finalising an action plan for this and besides stations, we will provide it on trains also. This is a beginning today, but it will not be confined to one station only," he said.
The project is being implemented by RailTel, a railway PSU which is mandated to provide the service.
The total cost of the project is Rs 50 lakh and an amount of Rs 16 lakh will be spent annually to run the facility.
The wi-fi facility is to be provided at 75 major category stations within a year.
It is to be launched on a trial basis at Agra, Ahmedabad and Varanasi by the end of December and at Howrah, Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus and Secunderabad stations by January next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JLR launches new variant of Jaguar XF at Rs 45.12 lakhDec 08, 2014, 07.11 PM IST  | Source: PTI
JLR launches new variant of Jaguar XF at Rs 45.12 lakh
The Executive Edition of Jaguar XF is powered by a 2.2 litre diesel engine and comes with a range of features including eight speed automatic transmission and navigation system.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JLR launches new variant of Jaguar XF at Rs 45.12 lakh
The Executive Edition of Jaguar XF is powered by a 2.2 litre diesel engine and comes with a range of features including eight speed automatic transmission and navigation system.
Post your opinion here
 
Tatas-owned Jaguar Land Rover today launched a new variant of Jaguar XF sedan in the country for Rs 45.12 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai, Pre Octroi).
The Executive Edition of Jaguar XF is powered by a 2.2 litre diesel engine and comes with a range of features including eight speed automatic transmission and navigation system.
"We are excited to introduce Jaguar XF 2.2L diesel Executive Edition, at an attractive price point. It will enable us to access a wider audience which consists of discerning and premium Indian customers who have always loved the brand, aspired to own this sedan and be seen in it," JLR India Vice President Rohit Suri said in a statement.
Other features of the car include interior mood lighting, and electronic front seats.
In January, the company had launched a petrol variant of Jaguar XF in the country, priced at Rs 48.3 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai).
The entire Jaguar India model range is available at 21 outlets across 19 cities.
RELATED NEWS

The city wants to help you upgrade your drafty apartmentChicago wants to help you upgrade your drafty apartment
Alexander Helbach, HANDOUT
Chicago wants to help upgrade your drafty apartment.
Elevate Energy, Chicago team up for energy efficient apartments
If the heat in your apartment is flying out the window, Chicago wants to help.
Lou Sopcic has invested in energy efficient lights, insulation and new boilers in Chicago apartment buildings he owns where he pays the utility bills. But he acknowledges that springing for such improvements in buildings where his tenants pay for their own heat or cooling is difficult. ( Julie Wernau )
Building owners can apply for free energy assessments and energy-efficient light bulbs installed in common areas. Financial incentives will be available for those who opt to implement more in-depth efficiency measures, including air sealing and insulation and HVAC system upgrades.
The city also said it distributing thousands of free energy efficiency products, which Chicago projects will cost $1.6 million over the time of the program.
To participate, building owners will complete a short application at retrofit.cityofchicago.org or receive more information by calling 855-372-8377 toll free.
The vast majority of Chicago's housing stock are rented two- to four-story walk-ups that also include a sizable share of the city's affordable housing.
Can this program help renters at all, or is it limited strictly to applications from owners?
Eric Baum
1
Residents of lower-income rental apartments pay 76 percent more for energy than owner-occupied single family homes based on cost per square foot, according to a University of Arizona study published in May. The study estimated the lost savings at $200 to $400 per year.
Cook County and Chicago have been pressing for energy-efficient buildings.
A county ordinance that took effect this year requires large county-owned buildings to report their energy use to be scored on efficiency.
Chicago has a similar ordinance that applies to both private and public buildings that took effect in June. That ordinance focuses on the 1 percent of large buildings that consume 22 percent of all energy used by buildings. Two- to four-story walk-ups are not addressed.
Elevate Energy has been working since its 2008 founding to convince owners of such buildings that they, too, can reap benefits from energy efficiency improvements, even when tenants foot the bills for utilities.
The Retrofit Chicago Residential Partnership combines the efforts of Elevate with ComEd, Peoples Gas, the Community Investment Corp., the Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning and the Historic Chicago Bungalow Association and those of the city.
Chicago said Monday it has nearly doubled its original two-year goal of 7,750 retrofitted homes since starting the program, completing more than 15,000 in-depth upgrades. More than 100,000 households had received free efficiency products as of October.

Cab-booking services under scanner following rape in taxiCab-booking services under scanner following rape in taxi
http://usat.ly/1A8oMhxStocks tumble as oil prices plunge 4%
U.S. stocks are sluggish Monday as the Dow remains within striking distance of the never-achieved 18,000 level.
Post to Facebook
Stocks tumble as oil prices plunge 4% U.S. stocks are sluggish Monday as the Dow remains within striking distance of the never-achieved 18,000 level. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8oMhx
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks tumble as oil prices plunge 4%
Jane Onyanga-Omara , USA TODAY 4:17 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
Brent crude oil has fallen almost $2 a barrel hitting a new five-year low.  As Sonia Legg reports the slump followed predictions that oversupply will keep building until next year after OPEC decided not to cut output. Video provided by Reuters Newslook
A trader on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
66 CONNECT 118 TWEET LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
U.S. stocks fell Monday as the Dow tumbled more than 100 points and pulled back from the never-achieved 18,000 milestone.
The energy sector led the market lower as oil prices continued to decline with benchmark U.S. crude dropping more than 4% to $63.05 a barrel in New York. More evidence of slower growth in Asia raised concerns about demand due to weak Chinese trade data and news that Japan's recession is deeper than initially thought.
The Dow Jones industrial average tumbled 106.31 points, or 0.6%, to 17,852.48. Energy companies Chevron (CVX) and ExxonMobil (XOM) were two of the biggest decliners in the blue-chip index. Chevron dropped 3.8% to $106.70 and ExxonMobil fell 2.3% to $91.69.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 15.06 points, or 0.7%, to 2060.31. The Nasdaq composite index tumbled 40.06, or 0.8%, to 4740.69.
In corporate news:
• Shares of Cubist Pharmaceuticals ( CBST ) soared 35% to $100.66 after Merck ( MRK ) announced it's buying the Cambridge, Mass., drugmaker for $102 per share. Merck was up 0.6% to $61.88.
• Problems at McDonald's continue d, as the world's largest hamburger chain reported a 4.6% drop in November sales at U.S. stores from the same month last year. MCD shares fell 3.8% to $92.62.
Investors NOT lovin' it: McDonald's $MCD same-store sales in U.S. for November tumble 4.6% from a year ago http://t.co/NIsB1LxthC
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) December 8, 2014
Overseas, European stocks also fell as Britain's FTSE dropped 1.1% to 6672.15 and Germany's DAX index dropped 0.7% to 10,014.99.
In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 index gained 0.1% to 17,935.64 and Kong's Hang Seng index rose 0.2% to 24,047.67. The Shanghai composite jumped 2.8% to 3020.26.
Chinese stocks surged after disappointing exports raised investor hopes of more stimulus.
Contributing: Associated Press.

http://usat.ly/1A8ezSbFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Retirement: How to beat 'bag lady syndrome'
Many people are afraid of "not being able to accumulate enough assets to retire with a life of dignity," financial expert says.
Post to Facebook
Retirement: How to beat 'bag lady syndrome' Many people are afraid of "not being able to accumulate enough assets to retire with a life of dignity," financial expert says. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A5GaUg
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
27
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Retirement: How to beat 'bag lady syndrome'
Nanci Hellmich , USA TODAY 5:32 p.m. EST December 7, 2014
Expert says some people fear "the bag lady syndrome"
(Photo: Srdjan Srdjanov, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
373 CONNECT 106 TWEET 133 LINKEDIN 27 COMMENTEMAILMORE
A high-powered fashion executive once told New York City financial expert Lance Drucker that she feared outliving her savings and becoming the best-dressed bag lady in Manhattan.
Many people are afraid of "not being able to accumulate enough assets to retire with a life of dignity," says Drucker, author of a new book, How to Avoid Bag Lady Syndrome: A Strong Woman's Guide to Financial Peace of Mind. He's president and CEO of Drucker Wealth Management and a chartered financial consultant.
USA TODAY talked with him about his new book:
Q: Do some women fear becoming  bag ladies?
New York City financial expert Lance Drucker has written a new book, "How to Avoid Bag Lady Syndrome."
(Photo: .)
A: Yes. About 25 years ago, a very successful high-powered fashion executive came into my office, and when I asked her, "What brings you into in my office today?" she said, "My biggest fear is being the best-dressed bag lady in Manhattan." She said she made a lot of money and spent more money, so her biggest concern was whether she could build up the net worth to step off the wheel. She said, "I have all the shoes, clothes and bags that I could ever use, but I don't have the financial assets that will allow me to one day retire with peace of mind."
The next time she came into the office, she wore a lovely new fur coat. She said, "I just bought it because I thought since I will be working with you, I won't be buying things like this anymore. I wanted to have one last hurrah."
People don't necessarily say that they worry about ending up living in the back of their car, but they want to maintain a similar quality of life during retirement as they had during their working years. Many people wonder whether their money will outlive them or they will outlive their money.
Q: You say in the book that 70% of your clients are women. How did that happen?
A: It was never by design. It just happened. I've been in this business about 30 years. If a woman likes you and trusts you as her financial adviser, she's much more likely to recommend you within her social-relationship circle. So it evolved over the years.
Easy ways to save money | Your Best Life in Retirement
Q: What are some differences between your male and female clients?
A: It's hard for a lot of men to admit they are confused and scared about their financial future. Women have no problem saying, "I'm confused about finances. I don't understand them. I don't trust anyone."
Women usually live longer than men, and women typically earn less, so they have less opportunity to put aside money. But most women who receive financial advice end up taking positive financial steps, which ends up lowering their anxiety.
Q: What are some of the biggest mistakes people make in financial planning and investing?
A: Spending too much, not working within a budget, not having clearly defined financial goals and life goals. We spend more time planning our annual family vacation than we do planning our financial future. We get into the market at the wrong time. We get out of the market at the wrong time.
Q: If you could give people one piece of financial advice for retirement, what would it be?
A: Don't let the financial jargon, or the fact that it might be confusing or scary, keep you from doing financial planning on your own or seeking help. A lot of people are intimidated by the financial world. Some people say they don't want to see a financial plan, because they don't want to see the outcome. It's like not wanting to step on the bathroom scale to see your weight.
But you have to figure out what you want to accomplish, do a budget and then from there create a financial plan.
How 1.7% Social Security raise impacts retirees
Q: What do you say to people who don't want to invest in the stock market?
A: There are myriad of financial instruments, but the reality is, going back 100 years, stocks outperform every other asset class. We have to have some portion of investments in the stock market, because they are the only financial instrument that has consistently outperformed inflation. The vehicles that make us feel the calmest — CDs, money markets, bonds — typically will not accomplish our future goals.
Q: Do you think people should use a financial adviser?
A: If you have the time, knowledge and interest, there is no reason you need to work with a financial adviser. That said, a good adviser, like a good coach, will help you accomplish your financial goals more quickly, with less anxiety and fewer mistakes.
Investors who utilize a high-quality adviser feel more confident, optimistic and are significantly more likely to stick to their plan vs. do-it-yourself investors.
Retirement plan changes you need to know about for next year
If you're starting to think about your New Year's resolutions, investing efficiently in your financial future is always a good one to consider. It's never a waste of your time to understand where your money is going and how you can save for your ret Newslook
1 of 20
Five ways to reduce holiday stress | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich outlines stress-reduction strategies for the holidays (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
2 of 20
Low-cost holiday gift ideas | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich shares ideas for creative inexpensive holiday gifts. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
3 of 20
See more video
Gay community less prepared for retirement
Same-sex couples in general are likely to have saved far less for retirement than their straight counterparts, according to exclusive analysis of the Federal Reserve's Survey of Consumer Finances by AP.  (Nov. 21) AP
4 of 20
See more video
Five ways to cut holiday spending | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich offers easy ways to curb your spending during the holidays. (Your Best Life in Retirement, MONEY)
5 of 20
How to eat cheap at restaurants | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich offers ideas for cutting costs when dining out. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
6 of 20
See more video
Easy ways to save money | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich shares advice from financial experts who say many Americans need to save much more aggressively for retirement.
7 of 20
How to cope with retiring from your job | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich explains how to cope with retiring from your job. (Money, Retirement, USA TODAY)
8 of 20
Simple steps to clearing the clutter in retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich shares tips for decluttering in retirement. (Retirement, USA TODAY)
9 of 20
Pets ease transition into retirement
Pets ease transition into retirement
10 of 20
Retirees on Social Security get a raise in 2015
USA Today's John Waggoner explains how a Social Security raise will impact retirees in 2015.
11 of 20
See more video
Got 20 minutes? A quick financial checkup | Money Quick Tips
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains why a 20 minute financial planning session benefits you. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)
12 of 20
See more video
More millennial women worried about retirement says Fidelity study
Millennials may be struggling with student loans and a rough job market, but nearly half have already started saving for retirement, said Kristen Robinson, Senior Vice President at Fidelity. Newslook
13 of 20
See more video
New AARP CEO Jo Ann Jenkins
The new CEO Of AARP CEO Jo Ann Jenkins who takes over on September 1, 2014 replacing outgoing CEO A. Barry Rand.
14 of 20
See more video
Survey finds 6-figure earners more worried
Nearly half of Americans surveyed by the Wells Fargo/Gallup Investor and Retirement Optimism Index said they are worried about outliving their savings. Newslook
15 of 20
Americas Markets: 3 things you need to know about Social Security
Amreicas Markets with John Waggoner on the Social Security cost of living raise. USA TODAY
16 of 20
See more video
Merrill Edge: Americans feel guilty about not saving
Americans are feeling guilty about not investing enough over the past year, said Aron Levine, head of Preferred Banking and Merrill Edge at Bank of America. Newslook
17 of 20
See more video
Analyst: How to choose an annuity
Consumers should own an annuity for what it will do, not what it might do, says Stan Haithcock, annuity expert and author of "The Annuity Stanifesto". Newslook
18 of 20
See more video
Boomers need income stream in retirement
People need to plan to provide income for themselves in retirement with the same care and diligence in which they save for retirement, says Scott Holsopple, Managing Director of Retirement Solutions at The Mutual Fund Store. Newslook
19 of 20
See more video
Edward Jones: Retirees should stay course
Retirees and investors close to retirement should not make dramatic changes in their accounts due to the recent market volatility, said Scott Thoma, Retirement Strategist for Edward Jones. Newslook
20 of 20

This photo of Joe Biden staring out a window will haunt the Internet forever— M. Mehan (@MTMehanPublic) December 8, 2014
"I coulda been in the solange wedding pic" pic.twitter.com/DOmKwQG44N
— Aaron Edwards (@aaronmedwards) December 8, 2014
If the moon were made out of cheese, I would eat it. pic.twitter.com/LE3vz7vtN1
— Michael Martinez (@amcynic) December 8, 2014
are we out of the woods yet @BuzzFeed : caption this pic.twitter.com/UcG3eeKonR
— Alanna Okun (@Alannabean) December 8, 2014
“Barack promised that I’d get to pardon the turkey this year” pic.twitter.com/DvPbFsvcF3
— Matt O'Brien (@ObsoleteDogma) December 8, 2014
It will not stop. People will never realize the joke they treasure is one we probably already killed.
This is the best Biden-looking-out-the-window I've seen. http://t.co/1EIklqK7zm
— Philip Bump (@pbump) December 8, 2014
This photo of Vice President Joe Biden is a meme that refuses to go away.
Vice-President Joe Biden looks on during a bilateral meeting between President Obama and President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, DC, 18 September 2014. EPA/Olivier Douliery / POOL
It started in September, when the above photo was taken, and the Internet embraced the opportunity to try and understand what Biden could have been thinking. The meme could have died there, but it instead turned into a Hydra that kept regrowing favs.
Biden, who refused to eat his vegetables last night, watches from the window as O's motorcade leaves for ice cream. pic.twitter.com/s67fBjbGoC
— Evan Thomas (@enixusEP) October 13, 2014
Many were unimpressed.
Those tweets adding captions to the photo of Joe Biden looking out a window just keep getting not better.
Sad Biden photos, covered in caps lock captions, invaded meme Web sites .
Joe Biden's stay in liminal space has proven so resilient that people have felt no shame in recycling jokes.
What this place needs is more Joe Biden looking out the window with zany caption!
— Natty Lumpo (@nattylumpo88) November 20, 2014
What this great nation needs now more than ever is hundreds more Biden gazing out the window with zany caption tweets!
— Natty Lumpo (@nattylumpo88) December 8, 2014
The meme has lasted so long that Sad Biden has now been tasked with having thoughts on  The New Republic .
“There goes my idea for making the first vertically-integrated digital media company” pic.twitter.com/mRGdBBrPpr
— Matt O'Brien (@ObsoleteDogma) December 8, 2014
"Dammit, I was going to have a story in the next issue of @tnr ." cc @BuzzFeed pic.twitter.com/SkQcmdwWzV
— Garance Franke-Ruta (@thegarance) December 8, 2014
However, there are signs that the meme is about to die. First, the content makers have caught on. Not only am I currently writing about tweets about an old Joe Biden photo —Buzzfeed has made it a caption contest.

Part of northbound lanes of B-W Parkway reopenBy Dana Hedgpeth December 8 Follow @postmetrogirl
Updated at 9:40 a.m.
Some lanes on the northbound side of the Baltimore-Washington Parkway in Laurel are now open after an earlier fire involving a bus. The incident had closed the northbound lanes of the parkway at Route 197. Traffic is now getting by on the left and one right lane is partially blocked. The bus has been moved to the side. It was not immediately clear if there were injuries.
BW Parkway NB at 197… still have one right lane and shoulder closed. 2 lanes now get by. @nbcwashington @news4today pic.twitter.com/s98u1WZ6Ac
— First4Traffic (@First4Traffic) December 8, 2014
Original post at 9:13 a.m.
All northbound lanes of the Baltimore-Washington Parkway after Route 197 near Laurel are blocked because of a vehicle fire.
It was not immediately clear how long the roadway would be blocked but officials warned drivers to avoid the area.
It appeared from photos on social media that the vehicle on fire was a bus.
Bus on fire NB 295 at 197. Road closed. #DCtraffic @951SHINEFM pic.twitter.com/uPQZMovAlp
— Kendall Mauldin (@aero_nut) December 8, 2014
 
Dana Hedgpeth is a Post reporter, working the early morning, reporting on traffic, crime and other local issues.

Select committee clears insurance BillSelect committee clears insurance Bill
Kavita Chowdhury | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 12:42 AM IST
The passage of the contentious insurance amendment Bill in Parliament looks unstoppable now with differences being ironed out at the select committee of the Rajya Sabha.
The report was adopted with the Opposition Congress on board and only four of the 15 members of the committee dissented. The Congress, which was initially opposed to the inclusion of foreign institutional investors, on Monday appeared satisfied with the composite cap of 49 per cent for foreign equity.
The report is now slated to be tabled in the Upper House on December 10 by Chairman Chandan Mitra, two days before its extended deadline. The parliamentary logjam also having been resolved this morning, the Modi government’s intention to get its reform agenda rolling with a nod to the insurance Bill in this winter session looks within reach.
As reported in Business Standard on Sunday, the decks had been cleared for the smooth passage of the Bill after the Congress did an about turn on accepting the government’s move to invite all types of institutional and portfolio investment as part of foreign investment in the insurance sector.
The report, which was accepted without much opposition, only inserted the phrase “all types of institutional investments” within the clause on inclusion of foreign institutional investors.
The issue of Indian ownership and control as recommended by the select committee has been defined in the Bill with “control” including the “right to appoint the majority of directors or to control the management or policy decisions, including by virtue of their shareholding or management rights or shareholder agreements or voting agreements.”
As reported earlier in Business Standard, the select committee has accepted the unanimous view of all members to enhance the minimum capital for health insurance companies from Rs 50 crore to Rs 100 crore. The political parties that are opposed to the Bill per se  — the Trinamool Congress, Left parties, Janata Dal (United) and Samajwadi Party — will present dissenting notes.
The Left has consistently contested the government stand that injection of foreign investment will increase penetration of insurance in the country. It will maintain that stance in its dissent. Incidentally, while opposing the increase of the FDI ceiling, the Left parties were backing a “composite cap”, so that the 49 per cent threshold was not breached.
If there is no further derailment of parliamentary business, the Insurance Amendment Bill could become a statute before US President Barack Obama arrives in India in January.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley expressed satisfaction over the recommendations made by the select committee.
At a meeting with Jerry Gimstone, Chairman of Standard Life, the UK, and Uday Kotak, executive vice-chairman and managing director of Kotak Mahindra Bank, Jaitley said he was hopeful that the insurance market would expand once the Bill was passed by Parliament. Gimstone and Kotak are co-chairs of the India-UK Financial Partnership.

NCP names Dhananjay Munde as LoP in state councilWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 8:44 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 8:56 pm
The NCP appears determined to grab the post of opposition leader in both state legislative assembly and council to undermine the Congress’ political identity as the main opposition party in Maharashtra.
On Monday, NCP has re-asserted its claim for LOP post both in state legislative assembly and council. While, NCP is all set to get LoP in council, decision in assembly is being legally scrutinized.
On Monday, party took the decision to appoint young turk Dhananjay Munde as the leader of opposition in state legislative council. The NCP gave a letter recommending Dhananjay Munde’s name as opposition leader in state legislative council to chairman of the state council Shivajirao Deshmukh. The formal decision will be taken soon.
Speaking to Indian Express, NCP leader Ajit Pawar said, “ Dhananjay is young and dynamic. We have taken the decision to appoint him as the leader of the opposition in state legislative council.” Pawar indicated, “ Our decision was guided by party’s concerns and not aimed
at undermining anybody or countering our rivals.”
The senior leader Sunil Tatkare was one option but he already holds the post of state BJP president. So, we took the decision to have
Dhananjay Munde to head the state council. Dhananjay is member of state legislative council representing the NCP.
In 2009, Dhananjay revolted against his uncle Gopinath Munde and quit the parent party BJP. He joined the NCP against the wishes of Gopinath Munde. What irked Dhananjay was Gopinath Munde’s decision to field his eldest daughter Pankaja Munde from Parli (Beed).
Dhananjay felt let down by his uncle who sidelined him when it came to giving assembly ticket.
After Gopinath Munde’s demise, his second daughter Pritam Khade (MP) got elected from Beed Lok Sabha seat which he represented.
His eldest daughter Pankaja Munde (MLA) from Parli assembly segment in district Beed is minister in BJP-Sena government.
The NCP appears to be making a well calculated moves to reassert its political identity as the opposition party in Maharashtra. In council,
NCP which has more MLCs compared to the Congress faces no challenge.
Not surprisingly, Congress leaders did not even stake its claim in state council.
According to Congress leader in state assembly Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil, “ In council we know NCP is ahead. So, they have every right
to appoint council leader. It is their discretion whom they chose to lead the state council.”
However, Vikhe-Patil lamented that NCP was not showing grace to consider their legitimate claim for the role of opposition leader in state assembly.
He said, “ The Congress with 42 MLAs is ahead of NCP 41 in state assembly. So, why is NCP still creating hurdles in our
way.”
However, Pawar said, “ Along with NCP (41) MLAs we have the support of independents and smaller groups which take our total tally beyond 46 MLAs. We are just putting the facts on record and claiming what is our right.”
The Congress’ decision to stage a demonstration against drought situation in Maharashtra turned out a flop show. MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre and senior assembly group leader Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil lead the morcha on drought. But only a handful of MLAs continued…

Politics over Delhi rape: Congress slams govt  reminds Narendra Modi his women safety sloganBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 8:26 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 9:45 pm
Latching on to the alleged rape of an executive by a cab driver, Congress on Monday attacked Narendra Modi government over “rise” in such incidents in the national capital and reminded the BJP of its Lok Sabha poll slogan of women safety.
“After this particular incident of a woman’s rape, two more such incidents have also happened in Delhi. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who was then the BJP’s PM candidate used to call Delhi rape capital after Nirbhaya gang rape case (in 2012). Figures, however, say the incidents of rape in Delhi in November 2014 have risen 15 per cent more than what it was in November 2013.
“This should be a matter of shame for any government but the Prime Minister has not talked anything about it. This despite that Modi and BJP had in the run up to Lok Sabha polls had given the slogan (Bahut hua naari par waar, Abki baar Modi sarkar),” party spokesperson Shakeel Ahmed told reporters.
The party also released a copy of the character certificate purportedly issued by Delhi police to the accused cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav and wondered that when the police have certified the person, “what is the logic of cancelling transport permit of the cab company.”
“This logic is not understandable. Will you cancel the licence of metro train if a rape happens there or for that matter a bus,” he said.
Congress demanded that the Modi government should actwhere it has a direct responsibility. He also alleged that the BJP had tried to take political mileage of the Nirbhaya gang rape case.
Congress MP Kumari Selja said the laws exist, but it is the duty of the government to enforce the law.
“He (the driver) has a history of crime. This also shows that our law has some anomalies which is why such people commit crime even after being jailed.
“It is important to enforce the law properly. I don’t think under the new government anything has been happening on ground (on women safety),” Selja said outside the Parliament.

Ranji Trophy: After Shunham Khajurias maiden ton  J&K bowlers push Mumbai to the ropesBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 8, 2014 8:18 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 8:21 pm
Jammu and Kashmir opener Shubham Khajuria compiled his maiden first-class century before former champions Mumbai bounced back to dismiss the visitors for 254 in the first innings on day two of their four-day Group A Ranji Trophy match.
J&K could take just 18-run first innings lead.
But before close of play, J&K hit back again to reduce the 40-time champions to a miserable 66 for four in the second
innings, ahead by only 48 runs with two days left.
Medium pacers Ram Dayal, who picked up three wickets in the first innings with his disciplined bowling, bagged two more in the second, while fellow-seam bowler Umar Nazir claimed the other two Mumbai wickets.
At stumps after an absorbing day’s play, Mumbai captain Suryakumar Yadav (17) and night watchman Dhawal Kulkarni (1) were at the crease with seasoned Wasim Jaffer, who suffered a hairline fracture while fielding, left to bat.
In the morning Khajuria, who began the day on 47 with teammate Bandeep Singh (34) in an overnight team score of 88 for one in reply to Mumbai’s paltry 236, saw his partner depart in the fourth over.
But Khajuria continued his good work to reach his century with a six over long on off Vishal Dabholkar.
He was run out for a well-made 107 off 215 balls after a six-hour vigil during which he struck four sixes and 12 fours.
His dismissal triggered a dramatic collapse as J&K lost eight wickets for the addition of just 51 runs, including the
last five for one run, to be dismissed for 254.
The visitors, sitting pretty at 203 for two soon after lunch when Khajuria was run out by a direct hit at the striker’s end stumps, folded up at the stroke of tea with their last five wickets polished off by Mumbai’s left arm spinners Dabholkar (3/30) and Iqbal Abdullah (2/47).
Dabholkar took three wickets for one run in nine balls. He also took the wicket of second-best scorer Ian Chauhan
(70), who along with Khajuria add 98 for the third wicket.
Mumbai could even have taken the lead if they had held on to their catches. Khajuria was let off on 69 by Dabholkar and on 104 by Jaffer, while Obaid Haroon was also reprieved.
Brief scores: Mumbai: 236 & 66 for 4 (Ram Dayal 2/31, Umar Nazir 2/8) J&K: 254 all out (Shubham Khajuria 107, Ian Chauhan 70; Vishal Dabholkar 3/30, Dhawal Kulkarni 2/47, Iqbal Abdullah 2/47).
Tamil Nadu close in on Karnataka total
India discard Abhinav Mukund and captain Ramaswamy Prasanna’s crucial half century knocks helped Tamil Nadu seize control on the second day of their Ranji Trophy Group A match against Karnataka at Chinnaswamy stadium.
In reply to Karnataka’s first innings total of 290 all out, Tamil Nadu ended the second day’s play at 240 for five, still trailing by 50 runs, with Prasanna batting on 51 in company of right-hand batsman Vijay Shankar on 18.
In the entire day, TN could add just 218 runs to their overnight 22 for continued…

Taj Mahal controversy: Its a property of ASI  cant be given to Waqf board  says BJPBy: Press Trust of India | Balrampur |
Posted: December 8, 2014 8:17 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 10:07 pm
Uttar Pradesh BJP President Laxmikant Bajpai on Monday said the Taj Mahal cannot be handed over to Waqf board as the monument belongs to the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI).
“Shahjahan had purchased it. It cannot be handed over to Waqf board because it is the property of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) which was handed over by British Government in 1920 to it,” he told mediapersons.
The state BJP chief was commenting over the statement of Uttar Pradesh Minister and senior SP leader Azam Khan who demanded to hand over the Taj Mahal to Waqf board.
On November 13, Khan had said that the Taj Mahal, one of the wonders of the world, should be declared a property of the state’s Waqf Board.
Bajpai told reporters on Sunday that Mughal emperor Shah Jahan “purchased a part of Tejo Mahalaya temple’s land from Raja Jai Singh” and claimed that documents to prove it still exist.

2 Maoists killed in gun battle with security forcesPosted: December 8, 2014 8:12 pm
 
Two Maoists were today killed in a gun battle between security forces and insurgents in Chhattisgarh’s Bijapur district, a police officer said.
The Maoist cadres were gunned down after an exchange of fire in the forests of the Gangaloor police station limits, Bijapur Additional Superintendent of Police Indira Kalyan Elesela told PTI.
A joint team of the district police force and the special task force was out on a combing operation in Gangaloor police station limits, located around 400 km away from the Chhattisgarh capital.
While security forces were cordoning off Munga village forests, a group of armed Maoists indiscriminately opened fire at them, after which they retaliated.
The intermittent firing lasted for about an hour after which the Maoists ran into the core jungle area, he said.
Bodies of two Maoists were found after a search of the encounter spot, the ASP said, adding that their identities are yet to be ascertained.
One self-loading rifle and a muzzle-loading gun were also recovered from the spot, he said.
Further details are being awaited since the operation is still underway in the dense forests, he said.

Ranji Trophy: All-round Parvinder Awana puts Delhi on top against SaurashtraBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 8, 2014 8:06 pm
Delhi’s new ball bowlers Parvinder Awana and Sumit Narwal wielded their willows to great effect as the hosts got themselves to an advantageous position against Saurashtra on the second day of their group B Ranji Trophy match.
Courtesy entertaining half-centuries from Awana (61) and Narwal (65), Delhi reached a respectable first innings score of 442 in 127.2 overs.
In reply, Saurashtra reached 152/6 at stumps, 290 runs still in arrears. To save the follow-on Saurashtra still need 141 runs.
Having nicely warmed himself up with big hits, Awana (3/20) provided the initial breakthroughs while, Rajat Bhatia
(3/24), also chipped in with useful scalps rocking the middle order.
Skipper Gautam Gambhir (147) could add only 24 to his overnight score of 123 before being run out while going for a
misjudged single.
The skipper’s knock lasted seven hours and 10 minutes, facing 308 balls with 18 boundaries and two sixes. With Awana, he added 54 for the seventh wicket.
Once Gambhir was gone with the scoreboard reading 313 for seven, Awana started chancing his arms and he was able to plonk his front foot and hit through the line. Six fours and three sixes were hit in 69 deliveries as he took the team score past 350.
When Awana was finally out, Delhi were nine down for 368, but left-hander Narwal had other ideas. He has a Ranji Trophy century under his belt and he showed his big-hitting prowess with five sixes and three fours. With Navdeep Saini (13), Narwal added 74 runs for the final wicket.
Three of his five sixes were hit off left-arm spinner Dharmendra Jadeja in the arc between mid wicket and long on.
He got back-to-back reprieves, which got him a six and a four, before he became Sudeep Tyagi’s (3/95) third victim.
Awana then quickly removed openers Chirag Pathak (1) and Sagar Jogiyani (12) with fuller deliveries that were snapped up by Unmukt Chand and Puneet Bisht.
Bhatia then took two wickets to reduce Saurashtra to 79 for four. Divyaraj Chauhan (40 batting) and Arpit Vasvada (38) added 57 runs for fifth wicket before Awana removed Vasavada.
Brief Scores: Delhi 442 in 127.2 overs (Gautam Gambhir 147, Sumit Narwal 65, Parvinder Awana 61, S Tyagi 3/95) Saurashtra 152/6 in 52 overs (Divyaraj Chauhan 40 batting, Arpit Vasavada 38, P Awana 3/20, Rajat Bhatia 3 /24).
Haryana take slender lead against Punjab
Jayant Yadav scored an unbeaten half-century as Haryana managed to take a slender 10-run first-innings lead over Punjab on the second day of their Ranji Trophy Group B.
In reply to Punjab’s first innings total of 273, Haryana were all out for 283 in their first essay.
At stumps, Punjab were 21 for no loss in their second innings with openers Manan Vohra (11) and Jiwanjot Singh (10) at the crease.
For Punjab, Rajwinder Singh (3/62) and Sarabjit Ladda (3/90) chipped with three wickets each.
Brief scores: Punjab: 273 & 21 for no loss in nine overs. Haryana 1st innings: 283 all out in 86.2 overs (Jayant Yadav 51 not out, Abhimanyu Khod 42, Amit Mishra 40; Rajwinder Singh 3/62, Sarabjit Ladda 3/90).

Reform to support India s growth potential: ...economy
(The outlook for India's…)
NEW DELHI: The outlook for India's rating would improve if fiscal, inflation and infrastructure metrics get better, a global report said.
"India's Baa3 government bond rating balances the strong growth potential of its large and diverse economy against high fiscal deficits, recurrent inflationary pressures, as well as regulatory and infrastructure constraints on competitiveness," said Moody's Investors Service report.
The stable outlook on the rating is based on an expectation that Indian authorities will continue with policy efforts to improve the macro-economic balance and address structural constraints on growth, it said.
These conclusions are contained in the rating agency's annual credit analysis on India.
Moody's Investors Service report also India's per capita income of USD 1,509 (2013) (about Rs 92,049) ranks in the bottom decile of all rated sovereigns, limiting government's tax revenue base and increasing spending claims on its limited resources. It results in larger fiscal deficits compared to peers.
Other countries with similar scores for economic strength include Indonesia and Malaysia, which have better competitiveness, income and infrastructure metrics, but smaller economies and lower average real growth rates, it said.
The report said that "the outlook for India's rating would improve if fiscal, inflation and infrastructure metrics were to move closer to Baa median scores."
On the other hand, the outlook would weaken with a further deterioration in the fiscal position, or rising contingent liabilities from the state-owned banking sector, or a material decline in foreign exchange reserves coverage of external debt and imports.
India's sovereign credit profile is based on four main analytic factors. These factors are economic strength, institutional strength, fiscal strength and susceptibility to event risk, it said.
Moody's said India's high economic strength is a key source of sovereign credit support. India's GDP growth, savings and investment rates exceed comparable emerging-market averages.
Although growth slowed significantly between 2011 and 2014, Moody's expects it to accelerate from between 5 per cent and 6 per cent over the next year to above 7 per cent thereafter, if global economic and financial conditions remain benign and the government effectively implements its macro-economic and structural reform agenda, it said.
Although inflation has declined in recent months, India's inflation levels are high compared to rating peers.
The report pointed to recurrent inflation, regulatory complexity and weak infrastructure as constraints on the rating that reflect institutional challenges.
Recent policy measures announced by government and the central bank to address the challenges would enhance India's operating environment and improve competitiveness, Moody's added.
  India's fiscal deficits averaged 7.5 per cent of GDP over the last five years, it said adding, high government deficits raise domestic borrowing costs and thus increase the private sector's reliance on external borrowing.
"Moreover, government current spending ramps up domestic demand, which fuels inflation. Annual inflation averaged 9.9 per cent over the last five years.
"In 2013, India's fiscal metrics were weaker than those of any other Baa-rated country, and its inflation rate was higher than all but one Baa-rated country," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wall Street opens lower on global growth concernsWall Steet drops with energy shares; global data disappoints
Reuters Dec 8, 2014, 10.21PM IST
Tags:
Dow Jones
(US stocks opened lower,…)
NEW YORK: US stocks fell on Monday, putting the S&P 500 on track for its biggest daily percentage decline since October, as energy shares fell with oil prices and global growth concerns rose following soft data out of China and Japan.
Energy was easily the worst-performing S&P sector, down 3.8 percent, as Brent crude fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. The index is down more than 10 percent for the year, making it the only one of the 10 major S&P sectors in negative territory for the year.
But most growth-oriented sectors were down on Monday as well, suggesting investors were avoiding riskier areas of the market.
Data showed China's exports grew at a slower-than-expected pace and imports dropped 6.7 percent in November, while Japan's economy shrank more than expected in the third quarter.
In response to falling oil prices, ConocoPhillips said its capital budget for 2015 would drop 20 percent to $13.5 billion. Conoco shares lost 3.6 percent.
"I think people are looking at the potential ripple effects from the slide in oil. You're seeing some of these ripple effects today," said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles.
Several of the year's biggest gainers also sold off, which may be due to some year-end profit-taking, James said. Among them, Apple was down 2.4 percent, while GoPro shares were down 5.3 percent.
Volume picked up after midday, while the S&P 500 moved more than 21 points from its high for the day to its low, its largest high-to-low swing in more than a month.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 118.34 points, or 0.66 percent, to 17,840.45, the S&P 500 lost 16.76 points, or 0.81 percent, to 2,058.61 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 47.53 points, or 0.99 percent, to 4,733.22.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,197 to 870, for a 2.53-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,942 issues fell and 772 advanced for a 2.52-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
Concerns over the global economy were offset by signs of strength in the U.S. economy, including Friday's payrolls report. The S&P 500 closed Friday's session with its 49th record of the year, and is up more than 11 percent from an October low.
McDonald's shares lost 3.7 percent after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Great foodie stocking stuffersBrendan Nystedt
December 08, 2014
They say good things come in small packages, and that's never more true than on Christmas morning. Seriously, is there anything better than waking up to a stocking filled with tiny, thoughtfully hand-selected gifts?
Christmas stockings are naturally geared toward kids, since it's easy to find children's toys, games, and candies that'll fit in that oversized sock. But that doesn't mean adults have to get left out of the fun. Kitchen goodies in particular make great stuffers, so with that in mind, we've collected some of our favorite small gifts for those with more grown-up tastes.
OXO Good Grips Can Opener
Price: $22
Availability: Amazon , Bed Bath & Beyond
Yes, we're opening our list with a can opener. Sure, everybody's got one already, and it might not be the most thrilling thing to find in your stocking come Christmas morning, but the Good Grips opener from OXO is unquestionably the pinnacle of can-opening technology. If that won't excite the foodie in your life, we don't know what will.
See, instead of cutting around the inside edge of the lid, this can opener cuts along the outside edge. (Mind blown, right?)
That way, the lid just lifts right off, there's no sharp edge to snag your finger, and you can even re-use the top for fridge storage. Like all OXO products, it's designed to be easier on your hands, too.
Mexican Chocolate
Mexican Chocolate is an acquired taste for eating by itself, but it's awesome for hot cocoa. [Image credit: Flickr user "johnnylcy" (CC BY 2.0)]
Price: $6 and up
Availability: Taza Chocolate , Amazon
With plenty of long, cold days in our immediate future, Mexican chocolate is a perfectly timed stocking stuffer.
It's the original—a bolder, less sweet, but spicier version of what passes for chocolate these days. But while it's not the best chocolate to eat on its own, it makes for the most amazing hot cocoa.
You can get the mass-produced version from Ibarra and Abuela, but we're a bit pickier. We love Taza's U.S.-made, fair-trade Mexican-style chocolate. Not content to stick to regular chocolate, Taza has unique flavors like ginger and guajillo chili that add an unexpected kick to your morning cocoa. (Or evening cocoa—we're not judging.)
Vintage Streamline Kitchen Timer
Availability: Amazon , ThinkGeek , Kikkerland
If you really like to cook—especially for large parties—you're probably used to juggling multiple kitchen timers. Between the range, the microwave, and your smartphone, it can feel like you spend more time silencing alarms than actually cooking.
This adorably retro "Cadillac of kitchen timers" (it really looks like it came out of a Caddy's instrument cluster) is a breath of fresh air. Small enough to fit anywhere in your kitchen, it can time up to 55 minutes of cooking in style.
Personal Cocktail Kit
Availability: Carry On Cocktail Kit
The Carry On Cocktail Kit does just what it says on the tin—literally. Packaged in a cute little tin package, the kit offers everything you need to turn your plastic-bottled airplane shot into an artisan cocktail.
One tin includes aromatic bitters and sugar good for two Old Fashioned cocktails. Instructions are also on-hand in case you forget the correct ratios, or had a few too many before getting on the plane. To top it all off, there's a tiny linen coaster to set your cocktail on. Flying can be classy again!
Note: The Carry On Cocktail Kit is currently available for pre-order, with shipping to begin in January. This is one of those print-the-receipt gifts.
Colorful Silicone Spatulas
Availability: ThermoWorks , Sur La Table , Amazon
If there's one thing we've learned from our time in the kitchens, it's that you should never be without a silicone spatula. More flexible and durable than wooden spoons (and less likely to give you a splinter when you're sneaking licks of cake batter), they're a kitchen essential.
We particularly like the wooden-handled, silicone-topped spatulas from ThermoWorks —available in your choice of 15 colors, including some esoteric choices like British Racing Green!
Microplane Zester/Grater
No kitchen is complete without the versatile Microplane. [Image credit: Flickr user "vegan-baking" (CC BY-SA 2.0)]
Price: Around $15
Availability: Target , Amazon
An essential weapon in any chef's arsenal, this multipurpose tool is good for everything from zesting citrus, to grating nutmeg, to shredding hard cheese and ginger. The tiny blades stay sharp for years (watch those fingertips!) and are even dishwasher safe. What's not to like?
International Snacks
Japanese Kit-Kats are particularly fun to get. Green tea anybody? [Image credit: Flickr user "jpellgen" (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)]
Price: $3 and up
Availability: Cost Plus World Market , Asian Food Grocer , HMart
This one is a tradition in my own family. My mother loves to pick out some of the strangest, most interesting snacks for mine and my sister's stockings, and it's made for more than a few memorable Christmas mornings.
One of the best places to find a wide variety of excellent international goodies is Cost Plus World Market . If you don't have a location near you, their online store ships anywhere in the U.S. From wasabi peas to Pocky, from pickled okra to lobster paté, there's something to suit every taste. HMart and Asian Food Grocer provide an even bigger selection of strictly Asian treats, too.
ThermoPop Instant Read Thermometer
The ThermoPop thermometer seems like it's a great option for only $30, and look at those colors!
Price: $30
Availability: ThermoWorks , Amazon
One of our favorite internet food celebrities, Serious Eats Managing Culinary Director J. Kenji López-Alt, recommends this food thermometer above all others. For the price, it's absolutely feature-packed (it even has a backlit screen) and super accurate, to boot. At only $30, you can't go wrong.
Some Good Coffee
Availability: Blue Bottle , Stumptown , Intelligentsia , Counter Culture
If your giftee is a foodie, there's a pretty good chance he or she will appreciate some seriously high-end artisan-roasted coffee. Most of the country's finest roasters have an online shop, which means you can easily get top-notch beans from legendary names like Blue Bottle, Intelligentsia, Stumptown, and Counter Culture.
If you want to make a more lasting impression, you can give a craft coffee subscription as a gift. Morning after morning throughout the year, it'll be the gift that keeps on giving.
Best part about giving coffee for Christmas? You'll probably get to taste it right away.
EVAK Food Storage Containers
Availability: Prepara , Amazon
With all that coffee, your lucky giftee is going to need somewhere to store it. Don't let them put it in the freezer (seriously, it's not a good idea ). Instead, get them these clever, airtight storage containers.
The rare Kickstarter-backed product that actually got made and turned out to be worth a damn, the EVAK containers use a twin valve system to evacuate air as you press down on the stuff stored inside, keeping your coffee fresher longer. They can just as easily be used for storing herbs, granola, nuts, and other sturdy foods.
Lucky Peach Subscription
Availability: Lucky Peach
Bar-none the most beautiful food magazine in the world, Lucky Peach is a quarterly paean to good eats filled with mouthwatering photography, clever illustrations, incisive writing, fantastic recipes, and reports from restaurants and kitchens around the globe.
Created by celebrity chef David Chang (of Momofuku and Mind of a Chef), this is essential reading for any gourmet. Each issue focuses on a single theme, which means buying individual back issues is a great idea if they line up with your giftee's personal food obsessions.
Hero image: Flickr user "pagedooley" (CC BY 2.0)
Foodie Fight: A Trivia Game for Serious Food Lovers
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

http://usat.ly/1zilPg8FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ferrari delivers its most 'radical' supercar yet
As Ferrari's go, it's hard to get much more exclusive than the Sergio. Only six of the these Pininfarina-designed beauties will be made, Ferrari says.  The first one arrived in the United Arab Emirates, a
Post to Facebook
Ferrari delivers its most 'radical' supercar yet As Ferrari's go, it's hard to get much more exclusive than the Sergio. Only six of the these Pininfarina-designed beauties will be made, Ferrari says.  The first one arrived in the United Arab Emirates, a Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8gIgP
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ferrari delivers its most 'radical' supercar yet
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 8:12 a.m. EST December 8, 2014
Ferrari just delivered its first Sergio to a customer in the  United Arab Emirates 
(Photo: Ferrari)
Ferrari goes with a two tone look on the Sergio 
(Photo: Ferrari)
The round tail lights on the Ferrari Sergio pay homage to its heritage 
(Photo: Ferrari)
The interior of the Ferrari Sergio is done in alcantera and leather 
(Photo: Ferrari)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Reliance MF launches Capital Builder Fund II - Series ADec 08, 2014, 08.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Reliance MF launches Capital Builder Fund II - Series A
Reliance Mutual Fund launches Reliance Capital Builder Fund II - Series A, a close ended equity scheme, that aims to provide capital appreciation to the investors, which will be in line with their long term savings goal, by investing in a diversified portfolio of equity & equity related instruments with small exposure to fixed income securities.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Reliance MF launches Capital Builder Fund II - Series A
Reliance Mutual Fund launches Reliance Capital Builder Fund II - Series A, a close ended equity scheme, that aims to provide capital appreciation to the investors, which will be in line with their long term savings goal, by investing in a diversified portfolio of equity & equity related instruments with small exposure to fixed income securities.
Post your opinion here
 
Reliance Mutual Fund  has launched a new fund as Reliance Capital Builder Fund II - Series A, a close ended equity oriented scheme with the duration of 1102 days from the date of allotment.
The investment objective of the scheme is to provide capital appreciation to the investors, which will be in line with their long term savings goal, by investing in a diversified portfolio of equity & equity related instruments with small exposure to fixed income securities. Although, the objective of the Fund is to generate optimal returns, the objective may or may not be achieved.
This product is suitable for investors seeking long term capital growth and investment in diversified portfolio of equity & equity related instruments with small exposure to fixed income securities with high risk - Brown.
The New Fund Offer (NFO) will be open for subscription from December 08 to December 17, 2014. During the new fund offer the scheme will offer units at Rs 10 per unit.
The scheme offers regular and direct plan with growth and dividend payout option, direct plan - growth option.
The minimum application amount is Rs 5000 and in multiples of Re 1 thereafter.
The entry and exit load is Nil.
The scheme will allocate 80%-100% of assets in diversified equity & equity related instruments with medium to high risk profile and invest upto 20% of assets in debt and money market instruments with low to medium risk profile.
The benchmark Index for the scheme is S&P BSE 200 Index.
The fund managers of the scheme will be Samir Rachh and Jahnvee Shah (overseas investments).
Q

Sundaram Top 100 - Series I announces dividendDec 08, 2014, 08.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sundaram Top 100 - Series I announces dividend
Sundaram Top 100 - Series I announces dividend, the record date for dividend is December 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sundaram Top 100 - Series I announces dividend
Sundaram Top 100 - Series I announces dividend, the record date for dividend is December 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Sundaram Mutual Fund  has announced dividend under regular plan - dividend and direct plan - dividend of Sundaram Top 100 - Series I . The record date for declaration of dividend is December 12, 2014.
The amount of dividend on the face value of Rs 10 per unit will be Rs 0.50 per unit under each plan / option.
Q

Crews Battle Fires in Downtown Los AngelesHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","description":"Up close and personal to a few of China's Giant Pandas, live from Bifengxia, the largest panda reserve and research center in the world.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Supreme Court rejects BP s Gulf challengesupreme court rejects bp s gulf challenge
Sir am adding haldyn on dips.... should i switch from hfcl to haldyn.....Gold Member
57 Followers
I just have written Arvind all penny stocks are getting manipulated and he also agreed.... especially Haldyn glass one among them... Buy when reaches 25......and it marked as Offensive want to know the reason why its offensive
In reply to : arvind151 message
5.38 PM Dec 8th

May b 1 yr for sure..hope it go below 30 so cn buy it..Silver Member
12 Followers
A conservative estimate of profit based on the the last quarter result of Rs75Cr would mean a full year earning of 300cr. This stock is trading at a conserrvative 10PE. There are some potential value unlocking opportunities in the coming months via diversification in housing and microfinance, small banking license etc. The stock gives a dividend yield of more than 5% and has a tier 1 capital of 28% (against the requirement of less than half this amount). Good FII and DII holding shows the credibility of the management. Promoter buying in the open market at this level shows promoters belief in the growth prospects of the business. It will be a very good buy at this level.
In reply to : randeria message
9.49 AM Dec 8th

Typhoon spurs climate change payout callsTyphoon spurs calls for climate change compensation
Pilita Clark in Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c6446d2c-7dc0-11e4-bb0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GM Recalls 316 000 Vehicles Due to Faulty Headlightsgm recalls 316 000 vehicles due to faulty headlights
Crazy: At least 1 in every 10 robberies involves the theft of a phone( jhaymesisvip )
Maybe it's happened to you before: You're in a cab or at a restaurant and you accidentally leave your smartphone behind. By the time you've realized it's missing, it's too late: Some enterprising thief has pilfered your device.
Many phones come with remote wiping or locking features, so that if the unthinkable happens you can keep prying eyes from accessing your files. The largest cellular networks in the country have also voluntarily agreed to add such features in all new smartphones made after July 2015.
But now the Federal Communications Commission wants to cement that agreement — and on a much faster timetable. In letters sent to Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint and U.S. Cellular on Thursday, agency chairman Tom Wheeler asked the companies to make "'lock/wipe/restore' functionality operational by default on all devices … by the end of the first quarter of 2015."
An FCC study this week concluded that thieves steal more than a million phones a year. Of all robberies committed annually in the United States, about one in 10 involves the theft of a mobile device, according to the report. Even those figures are probably incomplete, given that the FCC drew its data from just 21 jurisdictions (albeit along with information from the FBI). So Wheeler is also asking the carriers to collect better data about how many phones get stolen on a regular basis, and when.
Unsurprisingly, wireless lobbyists are pushing back against what it calls the "artificial deadline" set by the FCC.
"The relevant state laws and the [industry] voluntary commitment contemplate new solutions in July 2015," said Jamie Hastings, an executive at the industry association CTIA. "The [FCC study] made no reference to implementing any specific recommendations by the end of the first quarter of 2015, and it is unclear why the FCC chairman’s letter to some stakeholders appears to shift that timetable."
Either way, it appears that you'll soon be able to erase your phone remotely if it ever leaves your possession — no matter which national carrier you choose.
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

The Friday Exit: Why you need to be confident but coachable0
Cyber Monday and Giving Tuesday were this week, and John Carpenter looked at a few Chicago companies in the business of commerce and online giving. At Technori Pitch, a panel on e-commerce  contemplated a hybrid model  of sales encompassing both brick-and-mortar and online stores, while other startups are  taking charitable giving  mobile.
An update: The  Reveal photo frame , which allows for easy display and changing out of print photographs, has reached its Kickstarter goal of $20,000. To think that people under age 25 may never experience the glass, cardboard, Scotch tape and fingertip-pinching metal holders of generations past! Now that’s innovation. Skol Manufacturing, a metal-fabrication shop on Chicago’s Northwest Side, will make the frames.
Naurex, founded by Northwestern University professor Joseph Moskal, announced it has raised $80 million to advance depression treatment, Meg Graham reported. Naurex’s lead molecule, GLYX-13, would be administered intravenously and alleviate depression symptoms within hours, said Naurex CEO Norbert Riedel. GLYX-13 could be available for use in 2019.
Chicago-based AvantCredit announced $225 million in funding this week from sources including PayPal founder Peter Thiel (who told us recently that Chicago’s startup scene needs to produce a big idea and stop focusing on big money, or something like that).
AvantCredit lends money to borrowers just below prime at higher interest rates and has jumped from three employees to about 500 in less than two years. It expects its workforce to double over the next two years in software, data, marketing and customer service.
In news of emerging-and-big-company-pairings, another startup out of Northwestern, NuCurrent,  announced a deal  with Molex on wireless charging technology. “Wireless-device charging has the potential to drastically change how the world powers its phones and other portable devices,” said Molex’s Lily Yeung.
Amina Elahi checked out the virtual hack.summit() this week and has a great crowd coming to her social media panel Monday at 1871. We hope to see you there!
Did we mention that we might go to Mars ? There’s some blue-sky thinking for you.
Until then, enjoy your weekend.

Remington 700: Massive Fix for Most Popular U.S. Gunremington 700: massive fix for most popular u.s. gun
The world leaders who are doing well on TwitterBy Adam Taylor December 6 Follow @mradamtaylor
Barack Obama's tweet from November 2012 is by far the most popular tweet from a world leader (Twitter)
Over the past few years, social media has become a job requirement for most world leaders. Tweeting is now the norm, rather than the exception: Even the Queen of England has been forced to do it .
But which leaders are using social media well? It's a harder question to answer than you might realize. One tool for ascertaining this comes from Twiplomacy , a Web site that tracks the use of Twitter, perhaps the most lauded of social networks, by governments and international organizations.
Twiplomacy was kind enough to share some of their data with us, and with it we get a better idea of who is using Twitter well -- and who is not.
(Note: All data taken from November).
The world leaders with the most followers
President Obama ranks first here, and his office account, the White House, isn't too far behind. Many of the other leaders on the list are familiar names, such as Pope Francis, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and Russian Prime Minister Dimitry Medvedev (surprisingly, the Twitter account  of Vladimir Putin's office, the Kremlin, is far down down the list).
Top 20 Most Followed World Leaders
N°

Grand Theft Auto V vs. the Bible: A showdown for Australias gamersBy Ishaan Tharoor December 5 Follow @ishaantharoor
Copies of "Grand Theft Auto 5" for sale at an electronics store in the central business district of Sydney on Sept. 17. (Saeed Khan/AFP/Getty Images)
This week, the Australian franchises of Kmart and Target opted not to stock the video game "Grand Theft Auto V," which came out last year but was re-released for newer consoles in November. The move followed an online petition campaign with tens of thousands of signatures, saying the game "encourages players to murder women for entertainment." Critics of the game have long complained about its longstanding depiction of women as scantily clad strippers and prostitutes.
"We've been speaking to many customers over recent days about the game and there is a significant level of concern about the game's content," a Target spokesman in Australia said . "We feel the decision to stop selling GTA 5 is in line with the majority view of our customers."
But Australian fans of the Grand Theft Auto games — a blockbuster series that allows gamers to play out all sorts of gangster fantasies — are fighting back. A new petition in response to the recent ban calls on Target to remove another incendiary item from its shelves, one which also "encourages" the murder of women for entertainment. What is it? Read an excerpt of the petition to find out:
This is The Holy Bible. This book means that after various sex acts, readers are given options to kill women by stoning her unconscious, setting them on fire, cutting off their hands, and killing their children! 
One of many fan passages on In The Holy Bible depicts woman being set alight for having sex"And the daughter of any priest, if she profane herself by playing the whore, she profaneth her father: she shall be burnt with fire." (Leviticus 21:9).
This misogynistic book literally makes a game of bashing, killing and horrific violence against women. It also links sexual arousal and violence.
Just knowing that women are being portrayed as deserving to be sexually used by men and potentially murdered for sport and pleasure – to see this violence turned into a form of entertainments is sickening and causes us great pain and harm.
The satirical petition  has garnered more than 23,000 signatures. Whatever the case, it's unlikely that the bans on selling the game will deeply impact sales. Since its original release in September 2013, "GTA 5" has grossed nearly $2 billion.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

21 killed as terror hits ValleyTwenty-one people, including 11 security men, were killed in a string of militant strikes in Kashmir Friday, days ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to campaign for the assembly elections.
 
In the deadliest attack, heavily-armed militants stormed an army camp in the border town of Uri, killing three policemen and eight army men, including a lieutenant colonel, before the third phase of state elections Tuesday (December 9).
 
Six militants were also killed in the gun battle that began after the insurgents cut through a wire fence around the heavily-fortified artillery camp and fired rocket-propelled grenades at the security forces in their bunkers. The gunfight lasted close to six hours.
Army soldiers search for suspected militants as smoke rises from a bunker after a gunbattle in Mohra in Uri. (Reuters Photo)
In the other attacks -- all within 12 hours of the Uri strike -- two Lashkar-e-Taiba militants were killed in an encounter in Soura as they tried to sneak into Srinagar while gunmen hurled a grenade at a bus stop in Tral in south Kashmir, killing two civilians and injuring five. Militants also fired at a police search party in Shopian near Srinagar, but there were no casualties.
 
Modi condemned the attacks and said they were "desperate attempts to derail the atmosphere of hope" in the wake of a high voter turnout in the first two phases of polling.
"125 crore Indians bow to our brave Army men who sacrificed their lives. These men lived & died for the nation. We won't forget them," he tweeted.
Chief minister Omar Abdullah wrote on the micro-blogging site, "... (the attack) shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy."
 
Defence minister Manohar Parrikar said it was possible the attack “happened because of elections”.
 
Police said the Lashkar-e-Taiba's Soura attack was aimed at disrupting Modi's upcoming visit and plans by BJP ministers to campaign in the city.
"We are looking at this attack in the context of the upcoming visit of the Prime Minister. As of now, all we can reveal is that they (the militants) were out to create terror in Srinagar," AG Mir, inspector general of police, Kashmir range, told Hindustan Times.
 
The Prime Minister's Monday poll rally venue at the Sher-i-Kashmir Stadium is less than 10 km away from the Soura encounter site where top Lashkar commander Qari Israr was killed in a three-hour gunfight.
 
Authorities have beefed up security around the venue with reports of more militants active in the Valley, who may have sneaked into the city too, said sources.
 
The attacks came close on the heels of outlawed Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Saeed, the mastermind behind the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, saying the Kashmir election was no substitute for a plebiscite, which India promised more than six decades ago.
 
"Pakistanis and Kashmiris are blood brothers and they cannot be separated," Saeed, who roams around freely in Pakistan, told supporters in Pakistan. "The elections in Kashmir cannot be a substitute of plebiscite."
 
He told thousands of people Friday his organisation would continue to help the Kashmiris.  "No one can stop us in our just struggle," Saeed said at a Jamaat-ud-Dawah convention in Lahore.
 
The violence comes as the BJP makes its most serious bid yet to win power in the state, banking on votes in the Hindu-majority Jammu region, and Buddhist Ladakh. It is also capitalising on the rise of independents and splits elsewhere in Muslim-majority Kashmir.
 
The Peoples Democratic Party is expected to emerge as the single largest party in the state where anger against the ruling National Conference is running high.
 
Turnout has been high so far in with over 70% of the electorate defying a poll boycott call by separatists to vote in the first two phases of the election in a bid to stop the BJP from making inroads in the Valley.
Rajnath slams Pakistan
Accusing Pakistan of giving shelter to terrorists, Union home minister Rajnath Singh said militants wanted to trigger fear psychosis among people in Jammu and Kashmir and they were frustrated by the high voter turnout.
    
Targeting Pakistan, he said, "Militants are entering this country from Pakistan and resorting to death and destruction here."
 
"Is it not true that these terrorists get shelter on Pakistan's soil? ... but they (the neighbour country) keeps denying the fact."
At the recently held Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, the home minister had said terrorism in India was "completely Pakistan-sponsored".
     
"If Pakistan is facing problems in stopping this (terrorism), then they should talk to India. We are willing to help them," Singh said on Friday, talking to reporters at Pargwal border belt of Jammu district and in Rajouri during the course of addressing poll rallies.
(with agency inputs)

Sandoval: No timeline on Senate decisionBy Reid Wilson December 7 Follow @postreid
Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval (R) won reelection to a second term by a 46-point margin last month. (Rich Pedroncelli/Associated Press)
LAS VEGAS — The man who represents the single biggest threat to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid’s career says he’s too busy to decide whether to run against the Nevada Democrat.
Gov. Brian Sandoval (R) said in an interview Sunday that he has not set a timeline for deciding whether to challenge Reid in 2016. Sandoval, who won reelection to a second term by a 46-point margin last month, said he’s focused instead on the upcoming legislative session.
“I’m focused on my job. I really am. No, there’s too much at stake this session to be distracted,” Sandoval said when asked whether he had a timeline in place. “I’ve got the inaugural coming up, and even before that the budget.”
Reid will be one of the most vulnerable — if not the most vulnerable — Democrats up for reelection in 2016. Republicans hoping to hold their 54-seat Senate majority see defeating Reid as a critical cushion. Sandoval said he had not spoken with incoming Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, though he did allow that he had spoken with Sen. Dean Heller (R-Nev.), a longtime political ally.
“We’ve had conversations, yes,” Sandoval said.
For the first time in his tenure, he will have a Republican legislature to deal with in next year’s legislative session. Republicans ousted Democratic majorities in both chambers in November, partly on Sandoval’s coattails. He helped raise and spend more than $2 million on key state Senate races in Clark County, which handed his party control.
But it’s not likely to be smooth sailing: The Republican wave in Nevada was so big that it swept into office a number of conservatives who weren’t expected to win. Conservatives in the Assembly elected their own speaker , defeating the incumbent minority leader, an establishment Republican and Sandoval ally.
Sandoval said he’s spending his time introducing himself to and hearing from new legislators.
“There are some legislators I need to meet. I haven’t even met some of these” members, he said.
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

Are you making these mistakes while showering7 Common Hair Washing Blunders That You Might Be Making In Shower
Bollywoodshaadis.com –  Sat 29 Nov, 2014 3:22 PM IST
Share 0
What do you think makes evergreen actresses, like Rekha and Vidya Balan figures of mass envy? Apart from their ethereal beauty and acting talent, it is their long and enticing tresses, which seem to be getting better with age!
You might be doing everything right from oiling your hair regularly and using natural hair care ingredients to eating hair-friendly foods , but still you feel that your dreams of showing off those enviable locks is not turning in to a reality. Sounds familiar? Well, if you have already done so much, and you are still not getting the desired results, then it is time to find out about things that you might be doing wrong.
Well, here are some tips to guide you from making the most common mistakes in "Step One" of your hair care regimen that is, hair wash. So, let us begin.
Mistake #1. I love to rinse my hair with hot water
Have you been washing your hair with sweltering water all this while? Well then, ouch and ouch! Hot water dries out your scalp and hair much faster. If you want, then use lukewarm water as that will open up the hair cuticles, and maximise the effect of your shampoo and conditioner.
Recommended Read: Expert Tips For Skin And Hair Care During Winters
Also, towards the end of your hair washing regime, rinse your hair with cold water at least once. Cold water will help to close the hair cuticle and keep the moisture locked in.
P.S.: Those with colour-treated hair must at all costs avoid hot water as it increases the chances of the colour fading away faster.
Mistake #2. I skimp on water
Many women make the mistake of not giving their hair enough time to soak in the water before they move towards shampooing them. If you are thinking about the environment, then we appreciate that by all means. But otherwise, it is a serious hair washing mistake that you are committing. 
Before you shampoo your hair, wash it under running water for at least a minute or two. This would ensure that you get the best out of your shampoo and conditioner.
P.S.: Not rinsing your scalp well enough, after using the shampoo and conditioner, is another hair washing mistake. Make sure before you move out of the shower that you completely rinse out the shampoo and conditioner, and that no residue is left behind, because that can lead to scalp irritation and flat hair.
Don't Miss:  8 Makeup Tricks to Get Big and Beautiful Eyes
Mistake #3. I use a lot of shampoo to get the shine
Most of us think that if a shampoo doesn’t produce much lather, it is not doing its job. But, did you know that the lather may not actually be helping you to get rid of the grime build-up? Too much foam can prevent the shampoo from working its deep cleansing magic.
It is suggested that for your first wash, try to squeeze a dollop of shampoo, approximately the size of a two rupee coin. And, if you need a second wash, then use a lesser amount of that.
Mistake #4. I wash my hair within 4-5 minutes only
Whoever washes hair in less than 5 minutes (which includes conditioning) is not doing justice to their tresses. You don’t have to slap tons of shampoo on your head and rinse it with cold water. Take some time and massage your scalp with fingertips in circular motions.
It is advised that you start doing so from the hair line, and then move towards your nape. It not only helps to create lather and cleanse your hair roots, but also improves blood circulation.
P.S.: Concentrate on using your fingertips to only massage your scalp. Rubbing your hair strands between your hands rigorously while washing, can cause friction and lead to hair damage.
Recommended Read: 10 Health Myths You should Stop Believing Right Now
Mistake #5. I don’t need a hair conditioner
After a head bath, your scalp will regain its natural oils it is stripped off after a short while, but hair-ends are susceptible to getting drier. This is why; you need a conditioner for your hair. Apply first at the very bottom of your hair and then move along till the mid-shaft.
Another advantage of conditioning your hair is that it reduces friction and consequent breakage when you brush your hair.
P.S.: Applying hair conditioner on the scalp is another sheer blasphemy for your hair. If you have the habit of applying your hair conditioner on your scalp, then stop right now. Only use the conditioner till the mid-shaft of your hair length.
Just like your hair care regime, we want even your fitness regime to be nothing but perfect, so also read:  7 Biggest Exercise Mistakes That All Women Must Know
Mistake #6. I wash my hair everyday
Yes, we do accept that many hair experts suggest that you should wash your hair only after two to three days. But, having said that, we would still point out that it is just a good suggestion, and not a rule per say! You are the best judge, so wash your hair whenever you need to. If your scalp turns greasy despite shampooing you can wash it the next day; or if not, then you can wash it after a day or two.
But, don’t wait for a week’s time, especially during summers (when you sweat more!), as it will cause a built-up of dirt on your scalp and threaten your hair’s health.
P.S.: If you are blessed with non-greasy scalp, and if you can avoid, then do follow the mantra of washing your hair only after every two or three days.
If you are suffering from oily, greasy hair, then Don't Miss:  Top 7 Easy and Effective Home Remedies For Brides To Get Rid of Oily Hair
Mistake #7. I switch shampoos often
With so many hair care products thronging the market, your confusion is understandable. But, this doesn’t mean you keep experimenting at the cost of your hair, by switching shampoos. Yes, many women often feel that their shampoos become less effective after a couple of months, but that may not have anything to do with the product actually. Some hair care products work best in a particular season as hair texture undergoes change with a change in season. So, keep this in mind!
What you must do is, make sure you actively notice the behavioural pattern of your hair and use the right shampoo. Try a mild shampoo if you are in the habit of shampooing very regularly.
If you have been committing these sins, then it is time to stop and work your way back. Speed up the process of transition of dull and damaged strands into stunning Rapunzel-like tresses, by avoiding these common hair washing mistakes!
You may also like:

At Kennedy Center Honors gala  longtime producers departure is hot topic37th annual Kennedy Center Honors
View Photos
Kennedy Center honorees are celebrated.
Caption
Kennedy Center honorees are celebrated.
  From left: John F. Kerry, Al Green, Patricia McBride, Sting, Lily Tomlin, Tom Hanks, Michelle Obama and President Obama at the beginning of the Kennedy Center Honors at the Kennedy Center. Matt McClain/The Washington Post
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
The typically frothy conversation at the dinner-and-dancing fete following the Kennedy Center Honors on Sunday night had an added dose of drama this year: in addition to speculating on which designer concocted the First Lady’s stunning dress (Reem Acra? Perhaps Moniquie Lhuillier, some well-dressed women opined) and which performance stole the show (Esperanza Spalding was a dark-horse favorite), the big topic of conversation was the night’s most eyebrow-raising onstage moment.
George Stevens, who has directed the KenCen honors for its entire 37-year history, announced that the center’s leadership want to take the Honors in a new direction. “Well, that was awkward,” said one well-heeled attendee over the dinner’s Cobb-salad starter about the pointed nature of the announcement, which was apparently unscripted. “You’d think they could have at least done a tribute to him or something — he’s been running the show forever,” said another.
Tom Hanks, Sting, Al Green, Lily Tomlin and Patricia McBride were given the Kennedy Center Honors medal this weekend. They wore the rainbow-ribboned medallions as they walked the red carpet and dished to The Reliable Source about where they will put them. (JulieAnn McKellogg/The Washington Post)
After the initial flutter, it was on to the main course — literally (hello, meatloaf) and also figuratively, as the crowd went back to doing what it usually does at this annual event, the glitziest on the Kennedy Center’s calendar. Which meant Washington VIPs — a mix of lawmakers, donors, and other boldfacers — and visiting celebrities doing their mutual-admiration dance.
Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.) was queuing up to have her picture taken with Sting. “I’m a huge fan,” she admitted. Sting, though, was deep in conversation with Meryl Streep.
And Sen. Bob Menendez (D-N.J.) stopped Sam Waterson, just as the steel-haired actor was making for an exit. “For you!” Watterson obliged the senator by posing for a picture with his fiance, Alicia Mucci.
“It was a good New Jersey night,” Menendez said, enthusing about the surprise performance by Garden State favorite son Bruce Springsteen, as well as “the ballerina with New Jersey roots” — that would be Patricia McBride, one of the evening’s honorees.
Half of Congress, including Sens. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), Tom Harkin (D-Iowa), and Roy Blunt (R-Mo.), seemed to be there. House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer swayed as the big brass band pumped out jazz standards. Rep. Joe Kennedy III, the Massachusetts Democrat whose great-uncle is the Kennedy Center’s namesake, was also partial to the Boss’s performance. As for spending the evening in the massive performing-arts space bearing his family name: “It’s such a special place for me,” he said.
CBS, which broadcasts the Honors, had a good turnout, including “Face the Nation” host Bob Schieffer, evening news anchor Scott Pelley, and congressional correspondent Nancy Cordes.
The post-performance dinner and dancing stretched late into the evening, far later than official Washington typically parties on a school night. And even the crowded and chilly cab line was star-studded. PBS’s Charlie Rose waited for his car as a sea of sedans swarmed.
A tiny woman in an jewel-toned gown shepherded her shivering party into a warm SUV. “Everyone in?” she called, circling the vehicle. Wait, that was “Brady Bunch” mom Florence Henderson, staying true to maternal character.
 

Delhi rape case: What Uber  others say and what they deliverDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
The rape of a 27-year-old executive on Friday night in New Delhi by Uber cabs driver Shiv Kumar Yadav (32) has highlighted the fancy claims and promises that the radio and mobile taxis are making over the safety and security of their clients.
While a dedicated page on Uber website has been devoted to safety, promising ‘Safest rides on the road’, its legal terms and conditions are in stark contrast.
Here is the Uber legalese:
Unfortunately, Uber is not alone on this ride, Meru, Ola and other cab services too in their policy have inked a similar clause.
“Please note that we are not responsible for the behaviour, actions or inactions of drivers of taxis, quality of cab which you may use (through us or otherwise). Any Contract for the provision of taxi services is between you and the driver and not us and we simply provide a platform to introduce drivers and passengers,” states Meru’s terms and conditions page whose tagline says ‘Rely on us’ .
“The Company shall not be liable for any conduct of the drivers of the taxis. However, the Company encourgaes you to notify it of any complaints that you may have against the driver of any taxi that you may have hired using the Company’s Services,” says Ola cabs’s FAQs .
Cabs were considered as the safest option to take a ride back home late in the night, after party or for an early morning trip to the airport. But the recent episode has ensured that this truism is no longer valid.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Meru Cab Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

Chicago Scientists Open Egyptian Mummy CoffinIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Pandoras box and dronesBy Vivek Wadhwa December 8 Follow @wadhwa
Drones are here to stay, so we must find a way to live with them. (Mark Lennihan/AP)
The Federal Aviation Administration recently released a report detailing more than 190 safety incidents involving drones and commercial aircraft. In response, Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) has vowed to push legislation that would crack down on the commercial use of drones, also called Unmanned Aircraft Systems ( UAS ). India’s Directorate General for Civil Aviation has already banned all use of drones in the country — even for civilian purposes.
There are valid concerns that the proliferation of drones will endanger commercial flights and cause serious accidents. The U.S. military is rightfully worried that drones will be weaponized as killing machines and become autonomous flying IEDs (improvised explosive devices) that target a specific individual by means of facial recognition.
Banning commercial drone use will not solve these problems; it will just give us a false sense of comfort and kick the can further down the road.
About two years ago, I wrote a  Washington Post column in which I argued that we need to prepare ourselves for the “ drone age .” It isn’t just the United States that is developing drone capabilities; governments and DIYers all over the world are doing the same, particularly the Chinese. This isn’t all bad; there are many good uses for drone technologies.
To start with, there isn’t yet a clear consensus on what a drone is. Is it something that flies and is remote controlled? If that is the case, should the FAA also ban remote-controlled airplanes and helicopters that hobbyists have flown happily and relatively safely for many years? The drone encounter that Senator Feinstein  cited in a Senate Commerce Committee hearing as a reason to regulate commercial drone flights was  reportedly just a pink toy helicopter.
Then there is the practicability of enforcement. If the government should institute restrictions and penalties, who will enforce them? Will the police buy high-performance drones to shoot down illicit drones? Can we scramble the Air Force to blow a flock of $300 quadcopters out of the sky? Should we equip legions of young children with air rifles? Proposing laws without realistic hope of enforcement does nothing to solve the problems at hand.
Let’s first acknowledge that drones will be common in our skies and that they will play an integral role in our economy and society. We know that drones are saving money and improving safety on many types of remote inspection such as that of distant pipelines and tall broadcast towers. Documentary filmmakers use drones to get aerial shots that are not affordable with a regular plane or helicopter. As well, start-ups like  Matternet are pioneering the use of drones to deliver critical medical supplies to remote parts of the developing world. Drones could be used as long-haul cargo-delivery vehicles, allowing for more efficient point-to-point delivery of goods and materials. Then of course, companies such as Google and Amazon are developing drone delivery services that provide within-the-hour delivery of ordered goods—without putting any more traffic onto the streets or carbon into the skies.
So if we don’t ban the drones, what can we do to prepare for them and weave their capabilities into a broader picture of economic development?
First, there needs to be a core technology framework for collision avoidance. This is no small problem. Even the best computer-vision algorithms struggle to navigate complex cityscapes. The vehicles in NASA’s DARPA challenge weighed thousands of pounds and carried serious computational and sensor firepower. Yet they could barely navigate barren wastelands without flipping themselves over or running into a wall. So how will a drone the size of a shoebox carry enough intelligence to avoid hitting a building, a person, a car, a power line or, worst case, a commercial aircraft? It’s a wonderful engineering challenge and worth the focus of some of our best minds.
Assuming we have collision-avoidance systems in place, how can we build a system of distributed air-traffic control for drones? It would obviously need to be computer-driven and automatic, and to include safety measures and emergency kill switches or other mechanisms to bring down a drone that is malfunctioning or poses a danger. We would need to plan for specific air corridors in city areas that are dedicated to drones and confine the drones to those places. Again, this is a huge engineering challenge, but not one that is insurmountable.
We also need to build private and commercial air-defense systems, just as the military is developing, to shield our schools, homes, and businesses from drone surveillance or attack. I wonder whether force fields such as we saw on Star Trek may become a practical reality.
Beyond the technical issues, we need to debate what is socially acceptable and to create legal frameworks. Should the cameras of delivery drones be recording and saving all video footage as they enter into the airspace of a customer’s home? For that matter, should drones be allowed to fly over private property at all — or should they be limited to public roads between droneports? Should we have the right to shoot down unauthorized drones on our property? If the Second Amendment grants the right of gun ownership to individuals for self-defense, then does it allow them to fly their own defensive drones?
These are issues we need to tackle—and soon. The drones are coming, whether we are ready or not.
Vivek Wadhwa is a fellow at Rock Center for Corporate Governance at Stanford University, director of research at Center for Entrepreneurship and Research Commercialization at Duke, and distinguished fellow at Singularity University. His past appointments include Harvard Law School, University of California Berkeley, and Emory University.

Indian economy to see fastest  USD nominal growth  in world in 2015: Credit SuisseIndia’s economy will see the fastest USD nominal growth in the world in 2015, Credit Suisse says.
Given growth outlook, equity market is not expensive in both absolute and relative terms, it adds.
Indian market is likely to see strongest earnings growth among Asian peers, and even globally, bank says.
Top buys: Gujarat Pipavav Ports Ltd, Havells India Ltd, HCL Technologies HDFC Bank , Kajaria Ceramics, Maruti Suzuki India  and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries.
Least preferred stocks: Bharti Airtel, Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd, State Bank of India  and Tata Steel.
TAGS: Credit Suisse
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Q2 CAD widens to $10.1 bn; stands at 2.1% of GDP versus 1.2% YoYYou are here: Home > Collections > Economist
Q2 CAD widens to $10.1 billion; stands at 2.1% of GDP versus 1.2% YoY
ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 02.06AM IST
Tags:
BOP
(CAD in the first quarter…)
MUMBAI: India's current account deficit — the excess of spending overseas than earnings — almost doubled in the September quarter on high gold imports, but the situation is not alarming as it was in early 2013 since the outlook for commodity prices, especially crude oil, is soft. The current account deficit (CAD) increased to $10.1 billion or 2.1% of the gross domestic product in the fiscal second quarter, up from $ 5.2 billion, or 1.2% of the GDP a year earlier.
It is up 38% from the June quarter, data from the Reserve Bank of India showed. "Exports would be under pressure and while imports will benefit from low crude prices, gold imports would counter this benefit to an extent," said Madan Sabnavis, chief economist, Care Ratings. Much of the rise in current account deficit has been on account of a sharp rise in gold imports.
Significantly, the value of gold imports during the quarter doubled to $7.6 billion from $3.8 billion in the same period a year ago. The doubling of CAD is not worrying economists this time since sliding crude oil prices could more than offset the adverse effects of higher gold imports. Even the gold imports may not steadily climb since inflation is likely to fall.
Investors bought gold as a hedge against inflation for five straight years till 2013 as the consumer price rise was running at more than 9%. With inflation easing to multi-year lows, more of savings is likely to find its way in to financial instruments such as gold and bonds instead of gold or real estate.
"We do not anticipate concerns on widening of deficit," said Shubhada Rao, chief economist, YES Bank. "We anticipate CAD within a manageable band of $30-$35 billion dollars and funding of CAD through capital flows is unlikely to pose any risks." YES Bank expects net balance of payments at around $35 billion for FY15.
FEATURED ARTICLES

17 constituencies vote in 3rd phase of J khand polls17 constituencies vote in 3rd phase of Jharkhand polls
Sanjoy Dey , Hindustan Times  Ranchi, December 08, 2014
First Published: 18:28 IST(8/12/2014) | Last Updated: 11:45 IST(9/12/2014)
Comments
More than five million people will cast their votes across Jharkhand’s 17 assembly constituencies as the state goes to the polls on Tuesday, a day that will decide the fate of many big names, including a former chief minister and three cabinet ministers.
The state saw record turnouts in the first two phases, where 63.35% and 68.01% cast their ballot, even in areas hit by Maoist violence. The Election Commission expects the trend to continue in the third phase.
“The voter turnout in first two phases indicates the turnout will be greater even in the third phase,” said Jharkhand chief electoral officer PK Jajoria.
A total of 289 candidates will vie for a spot in the 81-member assembly, including former chief minister Babulal Marandi of the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik and former deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto of the All Jharkhand Students’ Union Party.
Women and child development minister Annapurna Devi, finance minister Rajendra Prasad Singh and drinking water and sanitation department minister Jaiprakash Bhai Patel will fight from Koderma, Bermo and Mandu seats.
The Congress, which won six of the 17 seats and emerged a close second in five in 2009, is hoping for big gains but will face a tough challenge from the Narendra Modi-led BJP as it seeks to expand its national footprint after back-to-back electoral successes. The party is confident of bagging at least 12 seats in the state that has seen nine chief ministers and three President’s Rule in the 14 years since it came into existence.
BJP ally, AJSU Party, will contest in three constituencies, leaving 14 to its senior partner. The Congress, Rashtriya Janata Dal and the ruling Jharkhand Mukti Morcha will have a face-off in all 17 constituencies after they broke off their 16-month alliance in October. 
The Election Commission has deployed around 41,000 security personnel on the ground as Maoists hold sway in at least eight constituencies and declared 1,957 of 5,865 polling stations hyper sensitive.

MDMK chief Vaiko quits NDA for  anti-Tamil  standComments
Vaiko-led MDMK Monday became the first ally to quit the National Democratic Alliance alliance accusing the Narendra Modi-led government of acting against Tamils.
The Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam held a high level committee meeting in Chennai, attended by all district secretaries, which passed a resolution to quit the NDA, the alliance it had joined on the eve of 2014 Lok Sabha polls.
The resolution, moved by party supremo Vaiko, declared MDMK cannot be a part of the alliance as the BJP-led government has been insensitive to a host of issues concerning Tamil Nadu.
Vaiko said that when it joined the NDA, the party made it clear that the BJP-led government should not support Sri Lanka and its President Mahinda Rajapaksa.
But Prime Minister Modi's government had gone against its promise, he said.
Vaiko added that the Modi government was also silent on Subramanian Swamy's demand for Bharat Ratna for Rajapaksa, condemning the Sri Lankan president's December 9 visit to the Tirupati temple.
He said the central government was betraying the interests of Tamil Nadu over the Mullaperiyar dam row with Kerala and on the sharing of Cauvery river water with Karnataka.
"The BJP government has not taken care of the peoples' needs in Tamil Nadu," he said accusing the central government of giving permission to review safety aspects of the dam.
The Supreme Court last week dismissed the Kerala government's plea to review its May 7 verdict holding as safe the 120-year-old dam and allowing Tamil Nadu to raise water level to 142 feet and ultimately to 152 feet after completion of strengthening measures on the dam.
"Modi is betraying the people of Tamil Nadu," the MDMK leader said.
The resolution was critical of the "inaction" by the Centre on the Cauvery water sharing issue.
Vaiko also accused the Modi government of imposing Hindi and held it guilty of sanskritisation of education.
The party resolution termed the release of five fishermen, who were saved from death sentence following pardon granted by Rajapaksa, as a "drama" and accused the Centre of not solving the fishermen issue.
"Modi is not following the footsteps of Vajpayee," Vaiko said addressing his partymen.
The MDMK joined the six-party grand alliance led by BJP in Tamil Nadu ahead of May Lok Sabha elections. Though the party contested seven seats out of 39, it could not win any. BJP and PMK, another partner of the NDA alliance, managed to win a seat each.
In 2004, Vaiko had joined hands with the Congress. But within six month, when the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government wanted to sign an agreement with the Sri Lanka government, Vaiko condemned it and exited the Congress-led formation.
Over the past two months, the DMK has been wooing Vaiko and its chief Karunanidhi had welcomed all Dravidian parties to come together. DMK senior leader and treasurer, MK Stalin, also met Vaiko at a marriage ceremony recently, sparking off rumours of the impending "home coming" of Vaiko.
Political parties have begun making efforts at realignments keeping the 2016 assembly elections in mind with AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa facing serious threat of getting eliminated from the electoral process.
Playing down the development, senior state BJP leader H Raja said Vaiko was carrying out a negative campaign against the BJP and PM Modi.
Raja said it is wrong to say Modi and central government are not doing anything for the Tamil cause and added it was because of the central government's efforts that five fishermen on death row were released from Sri Lanka within 15 days. 
Raja said people are happy with Modi government.
A senior state BJP leader said on condition of anonymity, "It is better that he has quit, rather than stay and fight the BJP from inside."
NDA alliance partner Kongunadu Makkal Katchi's leader E Eswaran said Vaiko's quitting the NDA will have no impact.
Another ally, India Jananayaka Katchi leader Krishnamurthy, said the Modi government was going in the right direction.
The BJP, upbeat with its success in different parts of the country and recent good show in general elections, is getting more ambitious and is working to expand its base in the state.
BJP president Amit Shah is expected to visit Tamil Nadu for two days, December 20 and 21, to energise the party unit and expand its membership.
Clearly, Tamil Nadu is very much on the saffron party's radar.

READ IN: Best Week Ever EditionDon't forget to sign up for Read In , your daily morning look at all the politics news you need, from the Beltway and beyond!
A1: The stories you need to read before your first conference call.
-- Ed O'Keefe on this week in Congress: House and Senate negotiators are nearing a deal on a $1 trillion spending plan likely to be unveiled late Monday. That will give members less than 48 hours to review the bill before the House votes by the end of Wednesday and the Senate votes Thursday, when the latest continuing resolution is set to expire.
-- Also coming this week: The Senate's report on CIA torture, however heavily redacted it may be, and a possible deal on the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, which is likely to be a midway point between the Senate-passed reauthorization and termination, which Rep. Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) backs.
-- The Obama administration will announce new curbs on racial profiling by federal law enforcement agencies. Agents will be barred from considering gender, national origin, religion, sexual orientation and gender identity when opening new cases. The new policies, to be announced today by Attorney General Eric Holder, will only cover state and local officers when they are participating in federal law enforcement task forces. ( Washington Post )
-- The U.S. said it was unaware of talks between a South African humanitarian relief group and Yemeni militants before Special Forces units raided an al Qaeda camp on Friday, when two hostages were killed. The humanitarian group had apparently secured the release of one of the hostages, Pierre Korkie, a native South African. U.S. intelligence agencies said they believed the militants were going to kill American hostage Luke Somers the next day, making the raid necessary. ( Associated Press )
-- Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday he thinks a nuclear deal with Iran will be reached in three or four months, before the self-imposed June 30 deadline. Kerry's appearance at the Saban Forum was preceded by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who took credit for blocking what Israel saw as a bad deal between the P5+1 and Iran. ( Washington Post ) Israel carried out airstrikes on Syrian government positions near Damascus on Sunday, apparently targeting both the main international airport and a smaller airport in Dimas. ( Washington Post )
-- Republicans will hold at least 246 seats in the 114th Congress, tying the post-World War II high during Harry Truman's administration after runoffs in Louisiana on Saturday. Arizona's 2nd district is the only outstanding race; Air Force veteran Martha McSally (R) leads Rep. Ron Barber (D) by just 161 votes, with a recount pending. If McSally wins, she would be the 247th Republican, the largest number since 1931, during the Hoover administration. ( Associated Press )
-- Front Pages: WaPo leads with a look at the forthcoming fight on climate rules, most of which will play out in the states (see below). NYT reports on 6 Guantanamo detainees being resettled in Uruguay. USA Today banner: "Gitmo release draws backlash." WSJ leads with banks urging businesses to move their money elsewhere. LA Times : "Fewer pass state bar exam."
National Roundup: What's happening outside the Beltway.
-- WH'16: Ready for Hillary? Several registered Democrats in Iowa reported receiving a "lengthy message-testing poll" about Hillary Clinton over the last few days. The poll also asked about Vice President Biden, Sens. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) and Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.), former Sen. Jim Webb (D-Va.) and Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley (D). ( Bleeding Heartland ) Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin (R) will take part in a forum hosted by Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) in Des Moines in January. ( Des Moines Register )
-- Louisiana: Rep. Bill Cassidy (R) easily swept aside Sen. Mary Landrieu (D) in a Saturday runoff, giving Republicans their 8th pickup of the year. Cassidy won 56 percent to 44 percent. Physician Ralph Abraham (R) easily defeated Monroe Mayor Jamie Mayo (D) in the 5th district runoff, where Rep. Vance McAllister (R) finished far behind in the November primary. Former Bobby Jindal advisor Garret Graves (R) cruised past former Gov. Edwin Edwards (D) to take Cassidy's open 6th district. ( Washington Post , New Orleans Times-Picayune ) Landrieu improved on her 2002 runoff performance in just 7 of 64 parishes, according to Greg Giroux's tally .
-- Kansas: New campaign reports show Democrats spent money trying to elect venture capitalist Greg Orman (I), despite insisting they were staying out of the race against Sen. Pat Roberts (R). Senate Majority PAC sent $1.5 million to two outside groups that backed Orman, according to new FEC documents. Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg donated another $1 million to a pro-Orman group, too. ( Kansas City Star ) Roberts won by almost 11 points.
-- Wyoming: A state legislative committee will vote next week on a Medicaid expansion plan backed by Gov. Matt Mead (R). The Joint Labor, Health and Social Services Interim Committee, meeting before the full legislature convenes next year, will consider the so-called SHARE plan, along with an alternative that looks more like Indiana's modified Medicaid expansion. ( Casper Star-Tribune ) Mead said last week he would back a plan to expand Medicaid. ( Washington Post )
-- Wisconsin: State lawmakers are considering changes to the "John Doe" law after two investigations into Gov. Scott Walker's (R) campaign. Republicans who back the changes say they want additional layers of judicial review to avoid "prosecutions run amok." The John Doe law allows a prosecutor, under the supervision of a judge, to investigate whether a crime has been committed, and by whom. One of the two investigations into old Walker campaigns is still ongoing. ( Associated Press )
-- Illinois: Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel (D) formally kicked off his bid for a second term Saturday at a film studio on the West Side, pledging to bring high-speed internet to every neighborhood in the city. He's already raised more than $10 million; he faces Cook County Commissioner Jesus "Chuy" Garcia, who has support from the state SEIU, Alderman Bob Fioretti and and seven other minor candidates in the February 24 election. If no candidate scores a majority, the top two finishers head to an April 7 runoff. ( Chicago Sun-Times )
DC Digest: What's on tap today in DC.
-- President Obama meets Prince William this morning in the Oval Office before meeting a group of middle school students participating in a coding event for Computer Science Education Week. This afternoon, Obama sits down with Stephen Colbert at George Washington University for an interview for one of Colbert's last shows.
-- Vice President Biden will meet William and hang out with the coding kids this morning. This afternoon, he'll deliver remarks to foster children at an event in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, where he'll be joined by his daughter, Ashley.
-- The House will be back Tuesday.
-- The Senate returns at 2 p.m. today with first votes postponed until 5:30. They'll vote to confirm nominees to serve on the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the National Labor Relations Board and ARPA-E, all of whom reached cloture on Thursday.
-- Former President George W. Bush and his advisors will support former intelligence officials in challenging the assertions of the Senate's report on CIA torture practices. Those intelligence officials have reassured Bush and his team they did not deceive them. Former top CIA officials George Tenet, Michael Hayden and John McLaughlin are organizing the defense of the interrogation program. ( New York Times ) Jose Rodriguez, the CIA agent who ran the program, wrote this weekend that some of the same critics were urging the agency to be as harsh as necessary in the wake of Sept. 11. ( Washington Post )
-- Hey, friends of Ron Bonjean: Here's a hint on the special guest at this year's Christmas party.
B1: Business, politics and the business of politics
-- New statistics released Monday show the Japanese economy contracted by 1.9 percent in the third quarter, an even sharper drop than initially reported. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will seek a mandate for more economic reforms in snap elections to be held on Sunday. Polls suggest Abe's Liberal Democratic Party is likely to maintain or even increase their majority. ( Washington Post )
-- Oil, gas and coal lobbyists pitched dozens of state legislators at an ALEC meeting last week on model bills that would help states block or delay new EPA environmental rules. The measures could be used to delay the federal rulemaking process and to lay the foundation for new lawsuits. Americans for Prosperity has already started advertising in two dozen Republican-held House districts, urging lawmakers to oppose tax breaks for wind energy firms. ( Washington Post )
-- Stock futures are mixed before the bell today after markets rose Friday. Asian markets closed higher today, but most European markets are trading lower. ( CNN )
C1: The long reads you'll need to check out before tonight's cocktail party.
-- In case you missed this weekend's Peter Baker/Amy Chozick look at oral histories of Bill Clinton's presidency, released last month by the Mill Center at the University of Virginia, even some of Clinton's closest allies doubted his ability to be president. Hillary Clinton told him not to run in 1988, even though he thought it would be good for his career. Clinton fumed to his friend Peter Edelman then-Sen. Al Gore (D-Tenn.) was spreading rumors about his infidelity. Future HHS Secretary Donna Shalala told Alice Rivlin Clinton's "woman problem" would keep him from ever being president.
-- Shalala also tried to tell Hillary Clinton their health care push was headed for disaster. "[S]he told me I was just jealous that I wasn’t in charge and that was why I was complaining," Shalala told Edelman. Some in the Clinton economic team called Hillary Clinton's health care team "the Bolsheviks." A fascinating look into the Clinton administration from the New York Times .
C4: The comics page, fun things to read when you're bored at work
-- Presidents of 36 private colleges and universities receive pay packages worth more than $1 million, according to the Chronicle of Higher Education's latest survey. Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute President Shirley Ann Jackson made $7.1 million in 2012, the highest salary in the country. Twenty-eight college presidents, all of whom run religious schools, receive no pay. ( Pittsburgh Post-Gazette ) Georgetown President John DeGioia made $1,292,786 in 2012. George Washington University President Steven Knapp made $1,263,034. Full list here .
-- Headline of the Day: "Chlorine gas sickens 19 at furries convention." One attendee, on the convention: "It's kind of weird, but it's not weird here." Yes, there's a photo. ( Associated Press )
Attn Matt Drudge: Things conservatives will get outraged by today.
-- Rep. Robert Aderholt (R-Ala.) is pushing to include a waiver in the continuing resolution that would allow school districts to opt out of federal guidelines requiring more fruit and vegetables in school lunches for a year if those districts lose money on the meal programs. Similar language stalled this summer after First Lady Michelle Obama lobbied hard for her lunch program. ( Associated Press )
Attn HuffPo: What outrages liberals today
-- House Appropriations Committee chairman Hal Rogers (R-Ky.) and Rep. Andy Harris (R-Md.) are pushing a rider that would block D.C.'s marijuana legalization, which passed by a wide margin this November. The White House has said it "strongly opposes" any efforts to interfere with D.C. law. ( National Journal ) Your author wonders if we can get a full week of bipartisan outrage over policy riders.
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

FTIL sells 1.65 lakh shares of MCX-SX to JhunjhunwalaFTIL sells 1.65 lakh shares of MCX-SX to Jhunjhunwala
Uber cabs Delhi rape case: Govt cracks down  bans all operationsDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
International cab-booking service Uber was banned today in the national capital, a day after one of its drivers was arrested for allegedly raping a 27-year-old woman executive amid growing outrage over the incident which renewed focus on safety measures for women.
The Delhi government also blacklisted Uber from providing any transport service in the capital as it emerged that the accused Shiv Kumar Yadav was a repeat offender who had spent seven months in jail in a rape case earlier.
As per norms, it is mandatory for all private cab service providers to carry out a background check and obtain police verification of the drivers.
A view of Ridge road alongside a nallah, where the Uber cab driver allegedly raped his passenger, in Sarai Rohilla, Delhi. (Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
32-year-old Yadav was today remanded in police custody for three days by a Delhi court. He will be in police custody till December 11. Police said Yadav, who was arrested in Mathura on Sunday, needs to be interrogated for recovery of a mobile phone used by him.
Yadav, who was driving the uber cab, allegedly raped the woman on Friday night when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back to her home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
“The transport department has banned all activities related to providing of any transport service by www.uber.com with immediate effect. The department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the NCT of Delhi in future,” the Delhi government said in a statement.
The police said that during investigations prime facie it has emerged that criminal negligence was made out on the part of Uber as a number of alleged shortcomings were found on their part as neither the driver was verified nor there was a GPS tracking device in the car.
Meanwhile, the city witnessed protests at various places including outside Home Minister Rajnath Singh’s residence. Holding placards and chanting anti-government slogans, the protesters demanded better security for women and punishment for the driver.
Delhi Police said it may file an FIR against Uber as investigations so far have indicated “criminal negligence” and “abetment” to the crime on part of the company whose General Manager was grilled by the police today.
Uber’s General Manager (Marketing) Gagan Bhatia who claims to be the in-charge of the company’s India operations, during his daylong questioning has not been able to provide much information to the police regarding the company’s operations and its policies.
“We are seeing whether a separate FIR has to be filed or it would be merged in the same FIR and under what sections we have to file it,” said a senior police official.
The shocking incident, which took place days ahead of the second anniversary of the December 16 gangrape, has brought back memories of the horrific crime.
“It has been six months since this government came to power but nothing has changed. They used to blame the Centre when UPA was in power and they are now themselves skirting responsibility,” said an Aam Aadmi Party worker who protested outside the Home Minister’s residence.
A group of AAP workers also staged a protest outside Lt Governor’s office.
AAP vowed to raise the issue in Parliament and asked as to what steps the Government had taken to ensure security of women. “AAP will raise the Uber rape issue in Parliament also,” tweeted AAP leader Ashutosh.
A group of NSUI workers also staged a demonstration outside the Home Minister’s residence demanding strict punishment for the driver.
They also attacked the government saying nothing has happened “on ground” regarding women safety, as promised by the BJP during the election campaign.
Congress MP Kumari Selja said the laws exist, but it is the duty of the government to enforce them.
“He (the driver) has a history of crime. This also shows that our law has some anomalies which is why such people commit crime even after being jailed.
“It is important to enforce the law properly. I don’t think under the new government anything has been happening on the ground (on women safety),” Selja said outside Parliament.
Union Minister Uma Bharti said it was important to change the attitude of the society towards women.
“Even after the Nirbhaya case, if such cases continue to happen then this shows that a speedy trial is required because Nirbhaya case took a long time to reach its end. Second, people should come out in support of women in such cases.
Centre mulls banning cab services of Uber across India
In more bad news for Uber cabs in, the Centre is contemplating to ban its services across India.
The Home Ministry is planning to ask all state governments and administration of nine union territories, where Uber runs its cab services, to put a ban on it, official sources said today.
Uber cab services are available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Jaipur, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Kolkata and Pune.
The central government is also likely to ask all state governments and UT administrations to find out whether similar app-based taxi service is running in their jurisdiction contrary to the existing rules and regulations, the sources said.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh is expected to make a statement to this effect in Rajya Sabha tomorrow where he may mention about the steps to be taken for regulating the app- based cab services.
Meanwhile, the Home Ministry has posed to Delhi government eight questions related to Uber cab service and asked for its reply as early as possible.
The questions include details about Uber’s operations in the national capital, its commercial all India permit and how come this company is using or “misusing” that permit, how come a rape accused got driving licence and how many such services are operating in Delhi.
Uber was banned today in Delhi after one of its drivers allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman executive on Friday night.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber
More from companies

Follow-up to Is excluding a student activist from a university job based on his political activity a crime in MinnesotaBy Eugene Volokh December 8 Follow @volokhc
I blogged about the story last week , and got a response from Damien Carriere, a leading advocate of excluding the student activist (Ilan Sinelnikov). (Carriere was the person who wrote in an e-mail that urged exclusion of Sinelnikov, I do not disqualify him in view of his person, beliefs, origins or anything but from the sole point of view of his political behaviours.”) I thought I’d post the response, albeit somewhat belatedly, with Mr. Carriere’s permission:
Dear sir,
I read with great interest your article, and I admire its logic. I feel however that I should be allowed to answer to some of its parts.
I feel I should also be allowed to respond to some of the direct accusations led against me.
1- I never compared SSI with the KKK. I do have problems with how SSI represents itself and behaves. They have repeatedly engaged in character assassination and intimidations, and painted on the bridge of the university (in a spot provided for that by the U itself) a map of Israel… that includes all the disputed lands. That is it.
We did talk about the KKK in these meetings, but as straw-man to explore the following point (which perhaps you can shed light on?).
Should the student representatives tasked with selecting the members of the SSFC panel judge whether someone is able or not to serve based strictly on the merit of their application , and therefore without questioning the content of their own work (hence giving the job to a member of the KKK), OR should they select members who then will be able to judge impartially the funding requests presented to them. And then personality, ethics and past actions are relevant. I held the second, while the other representative of GAPSA held the first. This is what motivated the debate that triggered all those e-mails. In all earnest, the question still has not been answered! I would be glad to hear your view on that.
2 – I am not and have never been a part of the BDS movement. Being well known in a movement to which I do not belong is a new concept to me.
3- the total amount of e-mails exchanged must have been a dozen, as I do not have that much free time, really.
4- At first, I did not ask for him to be removed AT ALL. I asked that he be placed in the administrative unit of the SSFC (which I was occupying last year), position I was occupying last year, where his past behaviors would have caused no harm.
My rationale at that moment was that I was afraid that some groups that he has been campaigning against would use his presence to question the fairness of the SSFC. This request was denied without much explanations.
I felt I should step up and ask for his complete removal after he insulted me on account of my nationality while presenting himself as a victim.
5- I did not campaign against him, but expressed my opinion, as I was supposed to do.
6- I did make mention of his English. Being a foreigner myself, when I apply for a job in the US, I spell-check myself. And I ask a native speaker to do it after me. It is a matter of respect for the employer.
It is a proof we take the application process seriously.
However, all this is beside the point as this is NOT what was reproached to Ilan.
Ilan has engaged in ad nominem against students and professors of this university. Calling four of them a “disgrace”. He publishes racists posts and comments against minorities. I did consider it my duty to raise those points, since the core of the job is fairness in judgment.
It is for this reasons that he failed to convince GAPSA that he would be a fair judge.
I thought I should lay those elements into your hands.
I am quite eager to know if they change your perspective or not.
This doesn’t change my views, which are that disqualifying someone from this position based on his political activity (or, in Carriere’s words, “his political behaviours”) may well violate the First Amendment and the Minnesota statute. As I noted in my post, Carriere’s simply urging that Sinelnikov be disqualified was itself constitutionally protected speech, but an actual student government or university action excluding Sinelnikov from the speech might be illegal. But in any event, I thought Carriere’s response was worth passing along.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Massive Los Angeles apartment fire halts traffic on portions of two freewaysBy Abby Phillip December 8 Follow @abbydphillip
Firefighters silhouetted against a wall of flames worked to put out a fire in L.A. that closed two portions of major highways early Monday morning. The building had been intended to be a residential structure. (AP)
More than 250 firefighters battled a massive building fire near downtown Los Angeles — a blaze that snarled traffic during the Monday morning commute and left some freeway lanes closed well into the day.
The fire began in an unoccupied multi-story building that took up almost an entire city block at around 1:20 a.m. There are so far no reports of injuries. The seven-story apartment complex, which was still under construction, was engulfed in flames that could be seen for miles.
One fire station was almost directly across the street from the building, and firefighters were on the scene almost immediately after the fire began, according to Los Angeles Fire Department spokesman David Ortiz. But by that time, the fire had already moved quickly through the structure because it was under construction. According to the Los Angeles Times , the fire engulfed two-thirds of the more than 1.3 million square foot structure.
The L.A. Fire Department is investigating two massive fires in Los Angeles, including one downtown that closed portions of two major highways and blanketed the area in heavy smoke. (AP)
“It was the perfect storm, if you will, for fire spread,” Ortiz said in a phone interview. “There were no dividing firewalls between the different components of it.”
“So we had five stories of a wood frame without any type of fire protection,” he added, noting that the two lower floors of the complex were made of concrete and are still standing.
Aftermath of apt. complex fire in downtown LA. pic.twitter.com/1QutNVNR4C
— eric spillman (@ericspillman) December 8, 2014
“This is a historic fire, what we as firefighters would call ‘a career fire,’” Ortiz told NBC News . “It’s huge. I really can’t remember a building fire this big, and I have been with the department for 13 years.”
The LAFD is conducting an arson investigation, which is standard procedure for a large fire. They are being assisted by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and Los Angeles County.
“All investigations are treated as if they are criminal until proven otherwise,” said LAFD spokeswoman Katherine Maine.
The building, planned as a luxury apartment complex which was set to open in 2015, was adjacent to the 110 Freeway at the intersection of Temple Street and Fremont Avenue. As they worked to battle the blaze, firefighters used the freeway as a staging ground, closing it in both directions at one point.
Portions of the 110 have since re-opened, but three freeway lanes remain closed in the northbound direction  due to concerns that burned scaffolding from the building may continue to fall on the roadway. The 101 Freeway has reopened but the interchange  between the 110 and 101 freeways remains closed, California Highway Patrol said Monday evening
More than six hours after the fire began, firefighters continued to pour water on pockets of fire and heat, though the blaze was declared under control about two-and-a-half hours into the incident, Ortiz said.
Massive amounts of smoke and flames could be seen as drivers sat in slow traffic as the Monday morning commute began, according to eyewitness video.
#BREAKINGNEWS : Transition from NB 110 to NB 101 freeway is closed, due to the #DTLA fire. Photo from @nicksugai : pic.twitter.com/i1xqtmvt42
— ABC7 Eyewitness News (@ABC7) December 8, 2014
CODE RED #LAfire Massive downtown LA fire closes freeway, 250 firefighters failing at battling it! #DramaAlert HOT! pic.twitter.com/rEfNreGmn0

No  really: There is a scientific explanation for the parting of the Red Sea in ExodusCredit: Nicolle Rager Fuller/ University Corporation for Atmospheric Research .
On Friday, the blockbuster film  Exodus: Gods and Kings opens, directed by Ridley Scott and starring Christian Bale as Moses. From the trailer , you can already tell it is going to be pretty epic, and nowhere more so than in the quintessential scene in which the Red Sea parts and allows the Israelites through -- only to crash down again on the Egyptians as they try to pursue.
This is, of course, thought by believers to have been a miracle -- an act of divine providence to save a chosen people. However, for software engineer  Carl Drews , it might have been something else. According to Drews -- who describes himself as "one of many Christians who accept the scientific theory of evolution" -- the story of the parting of the Red Sea, as described in the book of Exodus, might have originated in real life as a weather event.
"I’m arguing that the historical event happened in 1250 B.C., and the memories of it have been recorded in Exodus," says Drews. "The people of the time gloried in God and gave God credit."
Carl Drews
The idea may sound hard to believe -- and it certainly has its many detractors -- but Drews's research was conducted for his atmospheric and ocean sciences  master's thesis  at the University of Colorado, Boulder,  published in a peer reviewed journal  (PLOS One), and then  promoted  by his employer, the National Center for Atmospheric Research, a top U.S. research center. Taken as a piece of science that establishes the physical possibility of a body of water parting, it is solid work, says Greg Holland, a hurricane researcher and colleague of Drews who is familiar with the paper.
"Did the parting of the sea really happen? We will never know," says Holland. "But Carl Drews has used impeccable science to show both where and how it may have happened."
Where was the "Sea of Reeds"? The first thing you need to know about the supposed parting of the Red Sea is that according to Drews' theory, it did not occur in the actual "Red Sea" that we see on a map today -- the long, thin, nearly north-south running body of water between Saudi Arabia on the east and Egypt and Sudan on the west.
Rather, Drews explains, the original phrase from the Hebrew translates as "Sea of Reeds" -- and much historical and archaeological research has gone into determining exactly where and what that could have been. But Drews argues that it would have been to the north of the modern day Red Sea in the Eastern Nile Delta region, just south of the Mediterranean Sea.
Where, exactly? In the Biblical text , the parting of the "Red Sea" occurs when Moses and the Israelites are encamped by the sea “in front of Pi-hahiroth, between Migdol and the sea, in front of Baal-zephon.” You might think this place would be easy to locate, given the high level of specificity in the passage above, but there is actually much uncertainty and scholarly debate about what these names might actually refer to today. (It doesn't help that the Nile Delta has shifted dramatically over time.)
Without getting into all the details of this debate, Drews' research draws on archaeological attempts to follow this trail of clues and especially to identify the all important location of "Migdol," a "Semetic term for watchtower or fort," according to the Egyptologist and archaeologist  James Hoffmeier of Trinity Evangelical Divinity School.
Relying on the work of Hoffmeier and others, in their  2010 PLOS One paper , Drews and his co-author Weiqing Han provide this map, which basically amounts to their hypothesis for what a particular portion of the Eastern Nile Delta looked like, circa 1250 B.C.:
A reconstruction of the geography that might have existed to the southwest of Pelusium, Nile Delta, 1250 BC. Credit: Carl Drews and Weiquing Han, " Dynamics of Wind Setdown at Suez and the Eastern Nile Delta, " PLOS One, 2010.
The supposed "Red Sea" crossing, then, would have been from the point labeled "B" to Kedua, once waters piled up in the Lake of Tanis and a three or four kilometer long land-bridge opened between these two points.
That means that in Drews' theory, the "Red Sea" or "sea of reeds" of Exodus was actually the Lake of Tanis. The lake “was a shallow brackish lagoon, and that was the ideal place for these papyrus reeds to grow,” says Drews. “So if you want to find a sea of reeds, even today, that’s it.”
Granted, this is where one  large potential objection to the idea comes in -- all this depends heavily on the accuracy of these attempts to reconstruct the landscape of Exodus. That's a task laden with uncertainty -- and also one where the desire to "prove" the accuracy of the Bible may color interpretations. At minimum, Drews does follow a particular school of thought here, similar to that of Hoffmeier, who has argued , like Drews, that the Exodus story does reflect a real historical occurrence. "He has advanced a plausible hypothesis," says Hoffmeier of Drews' study.
How do you get winds to part water? And then, there's the meteorology and oceanography. The relevant biblical text ( Exodus 14:21 ) reads as follows: “Then Moses stretched out his hand over the sea, and the Lord drove the sea back by a strong east wind all night and made the sea dry land, and the waters were divided.” By any stretch, a weather event strong enough to move water in this way would involve some unusually powerful winds.
The second part of Drews' analysis therefore shows how an atmospheric event -- specifically situated in the landscape above, not today's Red Sea -- could actually cause the parting of a body of water, so much so that a bridge or pathway of dry land is revealed that could be crossed by a group of people.
What atmospheric phenomenon could make this occur? The paper describes a coastal effect called a “wind setdown,” in which strong winds -- a little over 60 miles per hour -- create a "push" on coastal water which, in one location, creates a storm surge. But in the location from which the wind pushes -- in this case, the east -- the water moves away. Such occurrences have been observed in the past in Lake Erie , among other places -- and, note Drews and Han, also in the Nile Delta itself in the year 1882 .
"Wind setdown happens just as often as storm surge, but hardly ever hurts people, it just blows a harbor completely dry," says Drews. "So this water sloshes from one side of the body to the other and leaves a dry place." Here’s a video showing how the process could have played out:
This video animation, based on research by Carl Drews of the National Center for Atmospheric Research, shows where and how the parting of the Red Sea may have happened. (NCAR & UCAR)
To model the effect of winds on these waters, Drews' study used a computerized ocean model that can also be employed by researchers to study storm surges of the sort that, in hurricanes, can threaten places like New York City and the Louisiana coast. Drews himself has used the same model to study storm surge threats to the Philippines.
Still, a lot of assumptions. So what's the upshot? If you grant Drews two very large assumptions -- 1) that he has the geography right, and 2) that such a strong wind event happened to occur right when the Israelites, as described in the Bible, were there to take advantage of it -- then it turns out that Moses just might be able to make it (miraculously or not, of course, depending on your point of view).
"In my model, Moses has 4 hours to get across," says Drews. The area of land that becomes available for crossing in Drews' computer model is 3 to 4 kilometers long, and 5 km wide.
So far, so good -- in a computer model -- but some would surely question the entire premise behind Drews' exercise. That's because many scholars disagree with the very idea of trying to treat the book of Exodus as a matter of history.
Hoffmeier, who does argue for treating the story as historical, writes in a recent article that "for most of the past seventy-five years, the book [Exodus] has been considered to reflect historical and geographic reality, but in recent years challenges to this understanding have arisen." Other researchers have called the Exodus story (and other Old Testament content) " an artificial and theologically influenced literary construct ." The archaeologists Israel Finkelstein and Neil Ascher Silberman  even wrote , in their 2001 book The Bible Unearthed, that the Bible story "was not a miraculous revelation, but a brilliant product of the human imagination."
So from the perspective of many experts, while Drews may indeed describe an atmospheric and ocean effect that can really happen, trying to suggest this phenomenon can explain a biblical "event" is another matter entirely.
The polarized response. When Drews' study was initially published in 2010, it created a large outcry. The creationist leader Ken Ham commented that the parting of the Red Sea was a "miracle," "an extraordinary act of God," and "there is no need to come up with a naturalistic explanation of a supernatural event." And Jim West, a professor at the Quartz Hill School of Theology,  blogged that "scientists can no more keep their ignorant hands off the Bible than a dog can rid itself of fleas or New York its bedbug infestation."
But some atheists were also critical. The atheist blogger PZ Myers remarked of the study, "If a paper like this were plopped on my desk for review, I'd be calling the editor to ask if it was a joke."
For Drews, though -- who has now self-published a new book, Between Migdol and the Sea: Crossing the Red Sea with Faith and Science , to explain his ideas further -- the research is consistent with his own style of Christianity. He is not a biblical literalist. He has a history of standing up for the theory of evolution, which many more literalist Christians reject, so being on the opposite side of Ken Ham is natural for him. On Exodus, just as on the battle over evolution, he steers between these two...seas.
"Faith and science can be compatible if you are willing to consider other interpretations of the text, other ideas of how this could have happened," he says.
Chris Mooney reports on science and the environment.

HC`s directive to DLF to demolish some portions of complexHC`s directive to DLF to demolish some portions of complex
Experts highlight troubles facing agri-financeExperts highlight troubles facing agri-finance 
Tomojit Basu
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 8:  
Among the reasons why farm loans become difficult to avail of for small and marginal farmers might be the difficulty banks face in distinguishing between wilful defaulters and those genuinely desperate.
At a panel meeting held here on Monday as part of the ‘Inclusive Finance India’ summit, representatives from the banking sector and academia agreed that to bring in almost 80 million unbanked small and marginal farmers, there was much that required to be done just on the question of identification of those requesting a loan among other points meriting debates.
“While we have almost 1,800 feet on the street, we have a lot of difficulty in identifying potential beneficiaries. Digitisation of standard appraisal records is also negligible,” said Sarat Yadav, Deputy General Manager (Rural & Inclusive Banking), ICICI.
Arindom Datta, the Senior Director and Head of Rural and Development Banking of Rabo Bank India, felt that domestic lenders did not have a clear idea of nurturing agricultural value-chains. This, he argued, led to good farmers being left out of the fold since banks inevitably became cautious when farm loan defaults rose.
“As bankers, we have no idea of how inputs are bought although it’s why most small farmers approach us for loans. We are now trying to create a credit bureau to identify good farmers,” he said, adding that the system needed to be weaned off subsidies since it gave farmers an incentive to not repay loans.
The bankers also believed that the loan waiver scheme for debt up to Rs. 50,000 announced recently by Andhra Pradesh and Telangana could adversely impact rural banking with less farm credit availability and furthering of a subsidy culture.
New central fund
IIM-Bangalore Professor Trilochan Sastry, who is also associated with the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) and Centre for Collective Development (CCD), believed that the “power of aggregation” was the way forward and advocated for the creation of a separate Central fund, like the one provided for Operation Flood in the 1970s, to make agricultural profitable.
“Unless farming becomes profitable, rural banking won’t succeed. Small farmers today can’t get equity so a separate social fund must be created and the Government needs to think agricultural in terms of a business model,” he said.
Sastry added that collectivisation of farmers would see the cost of services reduced and improved linkages. Banks, he said, did not want to lend to farmers due to a combination of low interest rates and abysmal repayment rates.
For 2013-14, crop loans up to Rs. 3 lakh were disbursed at 7 per cent with the Centre providing interest subvention of 3 per cent. The scheme was extended to farmers borrowing from private sector banks. No security was required for loans up to Rs. 1 lakh and banks would decide collateral for loans greater than that amount.
“Cooperatives can help improve this problem, all the ones under us are profitable today. We were ruthless with wilful defaulters but sympathetic with the genuine cases,” he explained, adding that a “middle path” needs to be found for setting interest rates.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Power sector workers protest move to privatise supplyPower sector workers protest move to ‘privatise’ supply
Our Bureau
Tweet
Piyush Goyal
The employees threatened to "resort to more stringent path of agitation" if the Government does not heed their demands
New Delhi, December 8:  
Power sector engineers and employees from across the country held a protest in Delhi on Monday against proposed amendments in the Electricity Act, 2003 which, they alleged, was aimed at privatising power supply.
The employees, under the banner of Electricity Employees Federation of India (EEFI), later handed over a memorandum to Power Minister Piyush Goyal seeking a review the energy policy for its “over-dependence on the private sector”.
“State electricity boards have been dissolved in the name of incurring losses of Rs 26,000 crore while after unbundling now cumulative losses of all discoms have exceeded about Rs 5 lakh crore,” Prasanta Nandy Chowdhury, General Secretary, EEFI, said in a release.
The federation said competition was possible only in a situation of surplus, not scarcity of electricity, which the country was facing. It also questioned the post-bidding tariff revision being allowed for Ultra Mega Power Projects owned by private houses. “Tariff for 25 years was fixed through competitive bidding, which is being dishonoured throwing away the universal norms of trade and commerce,” EEFI said.
The employees threatened to “resort to more stringent path of agitation” if the Government does not heed their demands, such as halting unbundling, privatising and franchising all power utilities in generation, transmission & distribution till a review of the energy policy is done, filling up vacant posts, ensuring equal wages pending regularisation of contract and casual workers, among others.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Kerala HC verdict on Riverside project: DLF to take remedial measuresDLF says it has obtained environmental clearance from the Kerala State Environment Impact Assessment Authority
Kochi, Dec 8:  
DLF Homes, whose multi-storey `Riverside’ project in Kochi was ordered to be demolished by the Kerala High Court on Monday, has said that the project had received environmental clearance from the Kerala State Environment Impact Assessment Authority last December.
DLF Homes Developers Ltd in a statement issued here said that the court order comes as a result of a writ filed by a private individual in 2012 when DLF applications for CRZ and MoEF clearance were under consideration by concerned authorities. DLF is a highly compliance oriented company which takes all necessary approvals to complete construction formalities.
In case of the “Riverside” project also, the company said that all required approvals like building permit, NOC from Pollution Control Board, Fire & Rescue Department, Naval Airport and also final orders of Environment cum CRZ clearance have been taken.
The company has full faith in the legal system and once again reiterates that it has not committed any violations, and that its actions have been consistent with various approvals that have been obtained by due application of proper process, and as have been endorsed by concerned authorities in various forums from time to time.
The Kerala High Court on Monday directed DLF to demolish certain portions of its apartment complex constructed on the banks of the Chilavanoor backwaters in violation of CRZ norms. The court also directed the company to stop all further constructions as per the permit granted by the Kochi Corporation.
It is submitted in the petition that the construction of the project had been undertaken after reclaiming wetland pokkali filed, which had been classified under CRZ, an ecologically fragile area.
According to the company, it is awaiting the full text of the Kerala High Court order so as to get a detailed understanding of the matter after which it will take appropriate remedial measures in consultation with its legal counsel.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Govt mulls banning Uber cab services across India | Full CoverageGovt mulls banning cab services of Uber across India
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 07.20PM IST
Tags:
Home Ministry
(The Centre is contemplating…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre is contemplating to ban the cab services of Uber across India after a driver engaged by the company allegedly raped a girl in Delhi.
The Home Ministry is planning to ask all state governments and administration of nine union territories, where Uber runs its cab services, to put a ban on it, official sources said today.
Uber cab services are available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Jaipur, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Kolkata and Pune.
The central government is also likely to ask all state governments and UT administrations to find out whether similar app-based taxi service is running in their jurisdiction contrary to the existing rules and regulations, the sources said.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh is expected to make a statement to this effect in Rajya Sabha tomorrow where he may mention about the steps to be taken for regulating the app- based cab services.
Meanwhile, the Home Ministry has posed to Delhi government eight questions related to Uber cab service and asked for its reply as early as possible.
The questions include details about Uber's operations in the national capital, its commercial all India permit and how come this company is using or "misusing" that permit, how come a rape accused got driving licence and how many such services are operating in Delhi.
Uber was banned today in Delhi after one of its drivers allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman executive on Friday night.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nokia closure: EU blames TN govt for  lack o...European Union
(Finland-based Nokia sold…)
CHENNAI: European Union today put the blame on "lack of support from the state" for loss of jobs arising from suspension of Nokia's plant near here, a charge rejected by the Tamil Nadu government.
Finland-based Nokia sold its worldwide handset business for $7.2 billion to Microsoft , but its Sriperumbudur plant was left out of the deal due to tax issues faced by Nokia India . The factory, considered to be among the largest for the company, stopped production from last month.
Talking about the issue at an industry event here, European Union Ambassador Joao Cravinho said it was an "unfortunate development" as Nokia's plant was very important when it comes to how European companies look at Tamil Nadu as a destination for investment.
"I have not understood why there was no support from the state government (on the issue) which resulted in significant loss of employment" said Cravinho, who is heading a delegation of Ambassadors representing various EU member countries on a three-day visit to Tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
The delegation is studying investment opportunities available in the region and the growth perspective.
Replying to the comments made by Cravinho, Executive Vice-Chairman of state-run Tamil Nadu Guidance Bureau E Velmurugan asserted that state government did not remain a "mute spectator" and tried its level best to revive the plant.
"Tamil Nadu did not remain a silent spectator. We did take lot of measures to revive it but due to tax issues, the factory was left out of the Nokia-Microsoft deal," he said.
Stating that Tamil Nadu government gave "excellent support" to Nokia in terms of providing infrastructure, Velmurugan said, "at one stage, seven mobile handsets were produced every second at the factory which became the largest factory for Nokia.
"The factory which was running in three shifts, also employed 40,000 workers", he said.
Speaking on his visit, Cravinho said discussions on investments and opportunities took place, adding that "on the challenges, we discussed access to power and access to water."
Earlier, the European delegation called on former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister M Karunanidhi at his residence. Commenting on the matter, Cravinho said the delegation regularly meets Opposition party leaders, Chief Minister and Governor.
"Of course, he is a leader of the Opposition party. Whenever we travel, we visit the Chief Minister, the Governor, the leader of opposition, the Assembly speaker and the Business authorities. It is important to get to know the overall sense from a state", he said.
On his visit to Chennai, Cravinho said, "We are ambassadors to whole of India and not to (just) New Delhi. Tamil Nadu is very important state. It is very important in terms of population, it is important in terms of economic dynamism", he said.
On the impact of Nokia plant closure, Velmurugan said there would be a "slight slip" on the Information Technology exports made from the state due to this development.
"Our exports in IT is close to USD 11 billion, second to Bangaluru. But our position slightly slipped after exit of Nokia", he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Priya s Shakti: New Indian comic with rape survivor  super heroComments
An Indian-American filmmaker has come up with a new comic book, Priya's Shakti, which has a female rape survivor as its super hero.
Inspired by Hindu mythological tales, the comic would tell the story of a young woman named Priya, who's a gangrape survivor, and Goddess Parvati as they fight against gender crimes in India. The comic aims to focus attention on the problem of sexual violence in India, the BBC reported.
Creator Ram Devineni said that it was the brutal December 2012 incident in India, where a 23-year-old student was gang raped and murdered on a bus in Delhi, that witnessed a mass protest across the country, which gave him the idea.
Priya's Shakti
He said that he was talking to a police officer who made a surprising comment saying 'good girls don't walk alone at night,' which made him realize that the rape and sexual violence was a cultural issue in India's male-dominated society, and it was the victim who faced social ostracism rather than the culprit.
In the comic too, Priya, an aspiring young woman, is blamed for being raped by her family and banished from home, after which she takes help from Hinduism?s most powerful divine couple Shiva and Parvati, and returns on the back of a tiger to defeat her adversaries.
Mr Devineni chose mythology, particularly Hinduism, as it is the religion more than 80 percent of the country follows and had convinced street artists and Bollywood poster painters to create murals in the Mumbai area of Dharavi, Asia's biggest slum.
The comic targets children starting from 10-12 years to young adults, and digital copies of the book have been made available to be downloaded for free, while the printed copies in Hindi and English would be available at the Comic Con Mumbai later in December.
Mr Devineni said that he hopes to create awareness and change social attitudes with this concept.
comment Note: By posting your comments here you agree to the terms and conditions of www.hindustantimes.com

Virtual doctor visits now a reality through Walgreens appWalgreens app makes virtual doctor visits a reality
Walgreen Co.
A Walgreens store in Chicago at Randolph and State Streets.
A Walgreens store in Chicago at Randolph and State Streets. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Virtual doctors visits are now a reality through Walgreens-MDLIVE partnership
You don't have to leave the cubicle — or your couch — to get checked out by the doc.
Rather video chat with your doc about what ails you? No problem, says Walgreens.
You might not have to leave your cubicle at work or your couch at home to get that sore throat or nasty cough checked out.
8
Walgreens is launching a virtual doctor visit feature on its mobile app, the company announced Monday. The nation's largest drugstore chain is teaming up with MDLive, a provider of virtual health services, to connect Walgreens customers with certified doctors via video chat on a smartphone, tablet or computer.
0
The service is immediately available to residents of California and Michigan and will be rolled out in other states in the next few years. Illinois residents should be able to use the app by the end of 2015, said Dr. Harry Leider, the company's chief medical officer.
Virtual visits are for nonemergency health conditions, such as upper respiratory tract infections, ear aches, sore throats and rashes. They are not intended for more serious symptoms such as chest pains. Doctors can write prescriptions after the virtual visits, which usually last 10 to 15 minutes, Leider said.
Appointments cost $49, most of which goes to physicians. That fee is also not much more than a copay for an in-person doctor's visit through some insurance plans. Some insurance companies cover telemedicine, Leider said.
The app is not meant to replace yearly preventive checkups with primary care physicians.
Parent-company Walgreen projects that the telehealth market overall will reach $1.5 trillion in five years, and is one of the company's primary opportunities for growth.
In October, Deerfield-based Walgreen announced a similar telehealth initiative partnership with health information website WebMD to encourage customers to increase exercise to earn discounts at Walgreens stores. The company said it now awards points on its Balance Rewards loyalty card for logging activities on the WebMD Healthy Target app. Customers can also upload data tracking health markers such as steps walked or glucose levels.
Last year Walgreens launched a Pharmacy Chat feature on its app to allow users to instant message with pharmacy staff. The company said it averages 9,000 chats a week.
Leider said Walgreens app will allow customers to make appointments for a time that's convenient for them. The app works with iOS and Android.
"I think this will become a normal part of health care in three to five years," Leider said. "We have got some real forces that are going to make this very compelling."
He said a shortage of primary care physicians coupled with more people becoming insured through the Affordable Care Act means the market is growing for people who might find telemedicine useful.
MDLive stands to gain 2 million people a day through Walgreens' mobile app and website. CEO Randy Parker said the company has 2,000 doctors available.
"Consumers are demanding to do everything through mobile," Parker said. "Everything else they can do through mobile, and now they can do this too."

Musafir.com to invest Rs 120 crore in India by 2018 for expansionMusafir.com to invest Rs 120 crore in India by 2018 for expansion
India Inc governance standards improving  says Grant ThorntonIndia Inc governance standards improving, says Grant Thornton
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 07:16 PM IST
The corporate governance standard at India's top 150 companies has seen an improvement over last fiscal, said Grant Thorton in a report.
The consultancy firm, which did an analysis of the annual reports of the top companies, reported improvement across various parameters including size of the board, women directors and whistle blower mechanism.
Harish H V, Partner, Grant Thornton India said that the improvement in governance practices is due to the new Companies Act and also on market demand. He said that companies with high standards command superior valuations in the long run.

2 Maoists killed in gun battle with securityforcesPosted: December 8, 2014 8:12 pm
 
Two Maoists were today killed in a gun battle between security forces and insurgents in Chhattisgarh’s Bijapur district, a police officer said.
The Maoist cadres were gunned down after an exchange of fire in the forests of the Gangaloor police station limits, Bijapur Additional Superintendent of Police Indira Kalyan Elesela told PTI.
A joint team of the district police force and the special task force was out on a combing operation in Gangaloor police station limits, located around 400 km away from the Chhattisgarh capital.
While security forces were cordoning off Munga village forests, a group of armed Maoists indiscriminately opened fire at them, after which they retaliated.
The intermittent firing lasted for about an hour after which the Maoists ran into the core jungle area, he said.
Bodies of two Maoists were found after a search of the encounter spot, the ASP said, adding that their identities are yet to be ascertained.
One self-loading rifle and a muzzle-loading gun were also recovered from the spot, he said.
Further details are being awaited since the operation is still underway in the dense forests, he said.

Ranji Trophy: All-round Parvinder Awana puts Delhi on top againstSaurashtraBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 8, 2014 8:06 pm
Delhi’s new ball bowlers Parvinder Awana and Sumit Narwal wielded their willows to great effect as the hosts got themselves to an advantageous position against Saurashtra on the second day of their group B Ranji Trophy match.
Courtesy entertaining half-centuries from Awana (61) and Narwal (65), Delhi reached a respectable first innings score of 442 in 127.2 overs.
In reply, Saurashtra reached 152/6 at stumps, 290 runs still in arrears. To save the follow-on Saurashtra still need 141 runs.
Having nicely warmed himself up with big hits, Awana (3/20) provided the initial breakthroughs while, Rajat Bhatia
(3/24), also chipped in with useful scalps rocking the middle order.
Skipper Gautam Gambhir (147) could add only 24 to his overnight score of 123 before being run out while going for a
misjudged single.
The skipper’s knock lasted seven hours and 10 minutes, facing 308 balls with 18 boundaries and two sixes. With Awana, he added 54 for the seventh wicket.
Once Gambhir was gone with the scoreboard reading 313 for seven, Awana started chancing his arms and he was able to plonk his front foot and hit through the line. Six fours and three sixes were hit in 69 deliveries as he took the team score past 350.
When Awana was finally out, Delhi were nine down for 368, but left-hander Narwal had other ideas. He has a Ranji Trophy century under his belt and he showed his big-hitting prowess with five sixes and three fours. With Navdeep Saini (13), Narwal added 74 runs for the final wicket.
Three of his five sixes were hit off left-arm spinner Dharmendra Jadeja in the arc between mid wicket and long on.
He got back-to-back reprieves, which got him a six and a four, before he became Sudeep Tyagi’s (3/95) third victim.
Awana then quickly removed openers Chirag Pathak (1) and Sagar Jogiyani (12) with fuller deliveries that were snapped up by Unmukt Chand and Puneet Bisht.
Bhatia then took two wickets to reduce Saurashtra to 79 for four. Divyaraj Chauhan (40 batting) and Arpit Vasvada (38) added 57 runs for fifth wicket before Awana removed Vasavada.
Brief Scores: Delhi 442 in 127.2 overs (Gautam Gambhir 147, Sumit Narwal 65, Parvinder Awana 61, S Tyagi 3/95) Saurashtra 152/6 in 52 overs (Divyaraj Chauhan 40 batting, Arpit Vasavada 38, P Awana 3/20, Rajat Bhatia 3 /24).
Haryana take slender lead against Punjab
Jayant Yadav scored an unbeaten half-century as Haryana managed to take a slender 10-run first-innings lead over Punjab on the second day of their Ranji Trophy Group B.
In reply to Punjab’s first innings total of 273, Haryana were all out for 283 in their first essay.
At stumps, Punjab were 21 for no loss in their second innings with openers Manan Vohra (11) and Jiwanjot Singh (10) at the crease.
For Punjab, Rajwinder Singh (3/62) and Sarabjit Ladda (3/90) chipped with three wickets each.
Brief scores: Punjab: 273 & 21 for no loss in nine overs. Haryana 1st innings: 283 all out in 86.2 overs (Jayant Yadav 51 not out, Abhimanyu Khod 42, Amit Mishra 40; Rajwinder Singh 3/62, Sarabjit Ladda 3/90).

Wall St. slips after Japan  China data; energy dragsWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange
BRENDAN MCDERMID,, REUTERS
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Jaguar Land Rover launches new variant of Jaguar XF at Rs 45.12lBMW, Mercedes shift gears
Tatas-owned Jaguar Land Rover today launched a new variant of Jaguar XF sedan in the country for Rs 45.12 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai, Pre Octroi).
The Executive Edition of Jaguar XF is powered by a 2.2 litre diesel engine and comes with a range of features including eight speed automatic transmission and navigation system.
“We are excited to introduce Jaguar XF 2.2L diesel Executive Edition, at an attractive price point. It will enable us to access a wider audience which consists of discerning and premium Indian customers who have always loved the brand, aspired to own this sedan and be seen in it,” JLR India Vice President Rohit Suri said in a statement.
Other features of the car include interior mood lighting, and electronic front seats.
In January, the company had launched a petrol variant of Jaguar XF in the country, priced at Rs 48.3 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai).
The entire Jaguar India model range is available at 21 outlets across 19 cities.
TAGS: Cars
More from automobiles

CCI clears Sun-Ranbaxy deal with riders; asks to sell 7 brandsCCI
(The fair trade regulator's…)
NEW DELHI: Drug-makers Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy today got fair trade watchdog CCI's approval for their long- pending USD 4-billion merger, but with a condition that they will have to modify the deal by divesting seven key products to address monopoly concerns.
The regulator, which has ordered Ranbaxy to sell six products and Sun to divest one, will also appoint a monitoring committee to oversee compliance to the conditions put forth by it to ensure that the merger does not hit competition.
The approval, which comes within days of clearance from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), for the deal that was announced in April and would create create India's largest and world's fifth biggest drug-maker.
Besides, this was the first case which the Competition Commission of India (CCI) subjected to a public scrutiny process as it had found the deal 'prima facie' in violation of the competition laws.
In its order dated December 5 and made public today, the CCI said it "approves the proposed combination... subject to the parties carrying out the modification to the proposed combination".
CCI has directed Sun Pharma to divest all products containing 'Tamsulosin + Tolterodine' which are at present marketed and supplied under the Tamlet brand name.
Similarly, Ranbaxy would be required to divest all products containing Leuprorelin which are marketed and supplied under the Eligard brand name.
Ranbaxy would also have to divest products such as Terlibax, Rosuvas EZ, Olanex F, Raciper L and Triolvance.
According to the fair trade watchdog, the modification to the proposed deal aims "to maintain the existing level of competition in the relevant markets in India".
The merged entity would have operations in 65 nations, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, along with a global portfolio of speciality and generic products.
CCI Chairman Ashok Chawla later said this was the Commission's final order in the case and it was likely to appoint the monitoring agency in the next few days to oversee compliance to the directions.
As per the order, Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy have six months to divest or procure the divestiture of divestment products.
"The divestiture shall not be given effect to unless and until the Commission has approved the terms of final and binding sale and purchase agreement(s) and the purchaser(s) proposed by the parties," the order said.
"The proposed combination shall not be effected by the parties until approved sale and purchase agreement(s) have been entered into in accordance with the order," it added.
CCI also asked the two firms to give full information regarding divestment products to potential purchasers so as to enable them to undertake reasonable due diligence.
"The parties may require the potential purchasers to execute a confidentiality agreement before providing access to information regarding the divestment product(s)," CCI said.
  Further, CCI would appoint a monitoring agency to "monitor the due diligence process, including the preparation of data room documentation, in accordance with the monitoring agency agreement".
Sun and Ranbaxy are each required to appoint a senior management level employee within seven days who would under the supervision of the monitoring agency ensure that the economic viability, marketability and competitiveness of the divestment products are maintained till the closing date.
As per the Commission's order divestment would not include any manufacturing facilities of the two companies, intellectual property rights which do not contribute to the current operations as well as general books of account and books of original entry that comprise the parties permanent accounting or tax records.
In April, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries announced it would acquire troubled rival Ranbaxy Laboratories in a USD 4-billion deal that includes USD 800 million debt. The transaction has valued Ranbaxy at 2.2 times its USD 1.8 billion revenue for 2013, or about Rs 457 per share.
The fair trade watchdog has directed the two companies not to acquire any of the divested products for a period of five years.
"The parties shall, for a period of five years from the closing date, not acquire direct or indirect influence over the whole or part of the divestment product(s)," the order said.
In case both entities do not reach an agreement with the purchaser regarding the sale of the divestment products within the given time then the regulator would direct setting up of a independent divestiture agency.
"... the Commission may direct the parties to divest the alternative divestment product(s) and may... appoint an independent agency as divestiture agency to effect the divestiture," the order said.
In such a scenario, the two companies should grant a comprehensive and duly executed power of attorney in favour of the divestiture agency.
Besides, the agency would have the power to appoint advisors to assist with the sale process.
"The power of attorney shall include the authority to grant sub-powers and the divestiture agency shall be given the sole authority to sell the alternative divestment product(s)," the order said.
The agency would also have the right and authority to sell the products at "no minimum price" to approved purchaser.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi cab rape: Accused sent to 3-day police custody; Uber services banned in CapitalA Delhi court sent on Monday an Uber taxi driver accused of raping a 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days as the state government banned the app-based cab booking service in the Capital.
 
The Delhi Police are considering legal action against Uber for hiring the driver, who was arrested and jailed on allegations of sexual assault on a previous occasion, without running a background check.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
Police said Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, had spent nearly two years in jail over another rape charge before being acquitted last year when the victim allegedly turned hostile and the court found contradictions in her statement.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com with immediate effect," said an official statement.
Tainted taxis still plying in Delhi, shows mobile app
"M/s Uber also misled the commuter (the victim) about the nature of the taxi service offered by the Uber App."
On Friday night, Yadav allegedly raped an executive from a Gurgaon-based finance company in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla before dropping her home, sparking outrage in the city weeks before the second anniversary of the fatal gangrape of a 23-year-old medical student in a moving bus.
Although Yadav threatened to kill her if she reported the crime to police, the woman took a photo of the car's number plate before alerting the authorities. The executive, who was returning from a dinner party, had booked a cab home using the Uber app.
 
Police tracked Yadav down and arrested him on Sunday from his home town Mathura,160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi, where he had fled.
He refused to participate in an identification line-up on Monday after police told the court they had not yet recovered the mobile phone he used during the incident.
Late in the evening, the Delhi Police said they would file a separate case for forgery against Yadav as a character certificate issued in his favour shown to be from the office of additional CP (south-east district) was forged.
HT had broken news of this 'character certificate' online.
The 'document', dated May 2014, bears the signature of LT Hrangchal, who served as additional DCP (south-east) but was transferred out of Delhi in February 2013.
"We verified the authenticity of the certificate from our official records and learnt that no such certificate was issued. We will register a separate case as the offence attracts sections 420, 468 and 471 (cheating and forgery of documents) of IPC," said Deepak Mishra, special CP (law and order).
It has also emerged that an employee of a Gurgaon pub had pressed rape charges against Yadav at the Mehrauli police station in 2011.
"She had hired Yadav's cab from the local taxi stand in Gurgaon to reach her rented flat in Kishangarh (Delhi) after finishing her work around 3am on December 13, 2011. He remained in jail till his acquittal on July 11, 2012. The woman withdrew the case when it reached the trial stage," said a police officer familiar with that case.
Meanwhile, anger mounted in New Delhi where a crowd of angry protesters rallied outside the home minister's residence, demanding more action by officials to ensure safety for women.
 
"The shocking incident of rape of a young woman in a cab on Friday night exposes the alarming situation about lack of women safety in the national capital," the Aam Aadmi Party said in a statement.
Uber on back foot
The Delhi Police had served Uber with a notice on Sunday, asking it to join the investigation. On Monday, it questioned two of its employees in the presence of their lawyer for almost four hours.
"We have definitely decided to register an FIR against Uber. It will be done by Tuesday morning," Madhur Verma, DCP (north), told HT.
Gagan Bhatia, regional manager (in charge of Delhi-NCR), and his colleague were quizzed over the norms Uber follows while registering drivers. Bhatia dodged the media after the questioning, saying: "It's an ongoing investigation. I would not like to comment."
Investigators believe Uber is guilty of negligence for registering drivers like Yadav without verifying their antecedents. They also believe that the company has violated basic guidelines set by the government for taxi operators and taxi booking service providers.
Special commissioner Deepak Mishra said early investigations showed GPS had not been installed in Yadav's taxi and police background checks were not conducted on the driver.
Uber initially could not even produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
San Francisco-based Uber had earlier issued a statement saying its thoughts were with the young woman and it was working with the government to address the issue.
 
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States and could spell trouble across the globe for the company.
 
The cab booking company, however, tried to shift some of the blame on to the Delhi government for the failure to carry out background checks on the accused.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick issued a statement, terming the incident horrific.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery.
"We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs. We will also partner closely with the groups who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women," the statement said.
(With inputs from agencies)

Sun-Ranbaxy merger effective only post divestment: CCIThis is in that sense a conditional approval that until these are sold the merger cannot be effected.
Ashok Chawla
Chairman
CCI
The fair trade regulator, Competition Commission of India (CCI) today approved the merger of Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy merger with some conditions and till these conditions are met, the merger cannot go through said  Ashok Chawla, Chairperson, CCI in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
The approval comes after the first ever public scrutiny carried out by CCI for a merger, which was announced in April and would create India's largest and world's fifth biggest drug-maker.
CCI has asked the two companies to divest some key products along with other changes to the deal to address the anti-competitive issues. "It has looked at specific molecule brands for potential conflict," said Chawla
Chawla said, the commision will be appointing an external monitoring agency to ensure that the process of divestment goes through in letter and spirit. There are 7 molecules that have been identified that cannot go through and the assets relating to those have to be divested before the two companies can effect the merger, he added.
Below is the transcript of Ashok Chawla's interview with CNBC-TV18's Archana Shukla and Kritika Saxena.
Archana: The clearance has come as we read on the website of CCI. Let me just quickly ask you what was your first thing that you were looking at when you were assessing the market shares and you were assessing the merged entities portfolio?
A: We look at the combined market power of these two companies which are getting together. Overall it was not a concern but then we looked at specific molecules and brands - in fact 49 of them is where we saw the potential of adverse effects on competition and of those in the order that we have given out today, we have identified 7 brands molecules which we said cannot be allowed to go through even though the merger can be approved. However the assets relating to those have to be divested before the two companies can effect the merger.
Archana: Essentially this is not a conditional approval in that sense. So, what is the timeline that CCI has given them to divest these products?
A: This is in that sense a conditional approval that until these are sold the merger cannot be effected.
Archana: What is the timeframe that has been given to the two companies to divest this portfolio?
A: In the first tranche - six months and we have also said in our order that CCI will indentify and appoint a monitoring agency to ensure that the process of divestment goes through in letter and spirit and then they will come back for the approval of the commission on the party that they are selling these assets to and the terms and conditions of the sale with the objective being that we want to ensure that not just the sale takes place but it goes to somebody who can provide effective competition in the market.
Archana: Who would be that entity, would it be from someone within CCI and have you already identified the team who would be overseeing this process of divestment from the portfolio of the two companies?
A: It will be an external expert. We have shortlisted some major firms but the choice is not yet made. It will be done by a committee of our officers, they will get our approval. So, the agency will be in position in the next 2-3 weeks. However which agency it is I cannot say today.
Archana: When you say six months have been given to them to close, sell and divest these brands which means in these six months they will not be able to finally seal the deal. Sun pharma and Ranbaxy will not be able to seal the deal and call it a done one?
A: Whether it takes six months or they take less till they do it they can not seal the deal.
Archana: That is the rider, so conditional approval in that sense but then six months another waiting period for Sun and Ranbaxy to actually go ahead as a merged entity?
A: Yes, they have to wait till this sale takes place.
Archana: Were there any sort of back and forth with the company? Did they quickly accept what CCI had sent out in terms of the list of drugs or was there a lot of back and forth from the companies in terms of which drugs and which products would be part of the divestment list?
A: That is a part of a normal cycle in terms of mergers and where structural remedies are proposed and the legal architecture also provides for the commission to suggest modifications or propose modifications and the parties to either accept them fully or in part. There is always some process of back and forth till the commission finally decides on what it wants done and that is the order which has been issued today.
Archana: What has come today is like the final list and there is no back and forth happening beyond this. These are the seven products that the two companies will have to divest?
A: That is the final order and there can be no change.
RELATED NEWS

Kotak 50 announces dividendDec 08, 2014, 08.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kotak 50 announces dividend
Kotak 50 announces dividend, the record date for dividend is December 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kotak 50 announces dividend
Kotak 50 announces dividend, the record date for dividend is December 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Kotak Mutual Fund has announced dividend under the non direct plan - dividend option of Kotak 50 , an open ended equity growth Scheme. The record date for declaration of dividend is December 12, 2014.
The quantum of dividend on the face value of Rs 10 per unit will be Re 1.00 per unit.
Q

Larry Michaels preview of the Rams game was everything thats wrong with the RedskinsBy Dan Steinberg December 8 Follow @dcsportsbog
(Comcast SportsNet)
“The frustration of the season is there is a nucleus for success,” Bruce Allen said during his press conference after firing Mike Shanaha n. “We saw it. We saw it just a year ago. And the nucleus is here, and we have some of the right foundational principles to win. We just have to learn to take advantage of all 60 minutes in a game and close the deal.”
Success, he assured us, was not far away. Not far at all.
“You can look at teams that turn around in one year — I think the greatest example is Philadelphia and Kansas City — [Kansas City] Coach [Andy] Reid did a great job with the Chiefs,” Allen also said in that presser . “He just left Philly and they didn’t perform well, but the new coach came in and led them to the division title. If we find the right person, we will have the stability that we all want in the NFL.”
And so the highest-ranking football man in the Redskins organization thought there was a nucleus for success, that a one-year turnaround was possible, that the flailing instability of the past need not destabilize the future. One year later, the Redskins are again 3-10, are again the subject of a carnival-tent worth of distractions and are again staring hopelessness and despair dead in the face.
Some might say the Redskins need to accept where they actually are in the NFL hierarchy, and then commit to stripping everything down and building from a new foundation. Like ESPN.com’s John Keim, among the longest-tenured Redskins beat writers.
“The more I think about it, the more this place just needs to be rebuilt,” he wrote after the Rams loss .
The Redskins, though, have historically been unwilling to make that plunge. Too often, they think the nucleus, the right foundational principles, are already here. And it was with this in mind that I watched Redskins Senior Vice President Larry Michael preview the Rams game on the team-produced “Redskins Nation” program last week.
“First of all, when you look at these offenses, Shaun Hill, the quarterback for the Rams, 13-year veteran,” Michael said. “Yeah, they have some weapons, but at home, I like Alfred Morris, I like the running game, I like DeSean Jackson. Put the check next to the Redskins offense.”
DeSean Jackson sat out the game because of injury. Morris gained six yards on eight carries.
“Defensively, the Rams have four number one picks on their defensive line,” Michael said. “That’s a good defense. They really are good. They’re led by Gregg Williams, obviously he’s going to dial up some blitzes for the Rams against the Redskins. And as much as it pains me, put the check next to the Rams.”
“The Skins’ special teams, I think, have really buttoned it up,” Michael said. “We don’t have the big return yet. Forty-five yards, the longest return by Andre Roberts. I think he’s going to break one. Kai Forbath has been steady. Zuerlein, their kicker, is pretty darn good, but Tress Way is the best punter in the league. Check next to the Redskins special teams.”
The Redskins gave up a 78-yard punt return for a score. They gave up a fake extra point for a two-point conversion. They averaged 1.5 yards on punt returns. They ran a failed fake punt that led to a Rams touchdown.
“And in terms of intangibles, the Redskins are hungrier than the St. Louis Rams,” Michael said. “I believe they’re hungrier than the Rams. The Rams coming off a 52-0 victory at home over Oakland. They’re hitting the road, outside, it’s going to be a little chilly, though no precipitation is expected. Intangibles go the Redskins’ way: 35-21 Redskins beat the Rams to win their fourth of the year.”
Look, I picked the Redskins to beat the Rams, too. Picking NFL games is not a science. Often, figuring out popular opinion and going the other way is the best bet.
But a senior vice president of the team went on a team-produced television program and said the Redskins had the edge in intangibles. The same Redskins who have twice benched their franchise quarterback, and were starting a journeyman third-stringer. The same Redskins playing in front of a part-empty stadium in which people had bags on their heads. The same Redskins who entered having won three of their past 20 games, the franchise’s worst 20-game stretch since 1964. The same Redskins who annually endure as many pregame leaks as a typical FedEx Field urinal, accompanied by a strikingly similar odor. The same Redskins whose coach and GM entered the game 1 for 6 on challenges, whose defensive coordinator would be verbally flayed by a former defensive captain and who have now reached double-digit losses for the fifth time in six seasons.
That Redskins team had the edge IN INTANGIBLES?
Well, sure they did. I just hope unwavering, this-time-it-won’t-explode optimism is one of the foundational principles of success.
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Qatar prince ready to invest Rs 1 lakh crore in 10 smart citiesQatar prince ready to invest Rs 1 lakh crore in 10 smart cities
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 12:35 AM IST
The government may be inviting the Americans, Chinese and Japanese to invest in India, but just one person is ready to put in Rs 1 lakh crore over the next five years.
Enthused with the new government’s spirited approach towards new investment, a prince of Qatar, Hamad Bin Nasser A A Al-Thani, member of the ruling family, is looking at investing the sum in at least 10 smart cities.
The 51-year-old Qatari prince has already tied up with a 31-year-old Delhi-based businessman, Mitesh Sharma, for taking the investment forward through projects in real estate, sea ports and airports, besides smart cities. According to a person working for Hamad, the two recently registered a company, NRS Enterprise Pvt Ltd, in India through which the investment would be routed.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ambitious ‘smart cities’ project has caught the attention of the prince. The investment will be made over the next five years,” said the person.
The investment announcement came after the two partners met Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on November 20 and his Andhra Pradesh counterpart, Chandrababu Naidu, on November 22.
The focus of this huge investment is on 10 smart-city projects in a first phase, besides power, solar energy, infrastructure development, health care and education. They are aiming for the first project to take off by February-March 2015.
The Union government has decided to support the development of 100 smart cities in the country. According to the high power expert committee (HPEC) on investment estimates in urban infrastructure has assessed a per capita investment cost of Rs 43,386 for a 20-year period. Their estimates cover water supply, sewerage, sanitation and transportation.
Hamad, through his Qatari outfit, Nargis Arts recently formed a joint venture — Kings Kraft Frames 24 Pvt Ltd — with Sharma for producing five Bollywood films. Sharma, with interests in granite mining and real estate, is also a partner with Hamad in Qatari construction business.
The two partners have already signed a memorandum of understanding with the Andhra Pradesh government for a smart city project. Investments worth Rs 12,000 crore and Rs 60,000 crore would be made in Uttar Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh, respectively. Besides, Rs 38,000 crore would be diversified in sectors like power and natural gas, said a statement on behalf of the two partners.

Residential permit to Japanese nationals wor...Government to grant residential permit to Japanese nationals working in India
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 09.05PM IST
Tags:
Home Ministry
(The special privilege is…)
NEW DELHI: Government has decided to grant residential permit to Japanese nationals working in India till their employment period.
The special privilege is also to be granted to the dependents of all Japanese nationals, an order issued by the Home Ministry said.
"Japanese nationals holding Employment (E) Visa and their dependents holding 'X' (Entry) visa may be granted residential permit co-terminus with the validity of the Employment/ 'X' Visa as the case may be," the order said.
The decision came three months after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Japan in September.
However, if at any time such a Japanese national proposes to be absent from his or her registered address for a continuous period of eight weeks or more, or is changing the registered address, or is finally departing from India, the person concerned shall, before leaving, inform to the jurisdictional registration officer of his or her intention to leave, either temporarily or permanently.
The Home Ministry has conveyed its decision to all state governments, union territory administrations, Bureau of Immigration and Foreigners Regional Registration Offices (FRROs) for necessary action.
In case a Japanese national is moving to another address in India, the new address should also be intimated to the registration officer.
Japanese nationals who are required to register with the FRRO or Foreigners Registration Officer (FRO) concerned need not be present in person in the FRRO or FRO for initial registration or for subsequent extension of visa or residential permit and this may be done through an authorised representative.
In such cases, the authorised representative should be an official of the company, organisation duly authorised by the company or the organisation with a proper Identity Card, the order said.
There are hundreds of Japanese working in various multinational automobile, electronics and consumer durable companies in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Par Committee gives recommendations on Insur...Jaitley said that he was hopeful that the insurance market expansion would take place once the Insurance Amendment Bill is passed by Parliament.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The long-awaited insurance Bill, which will raise the overseas investment limit in the sector to 49% from 26%, looks set to become law before the year is out with a majority on the parliamentary select committee ready to give its assent.
The Bill's passage into law — once cleared by the Upper House and approved by the President — will bolster the Narendra Modi government's economic reform credentials. The Chandan Mitra-headed committee has given the green signal to the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, a member told ET, confirming the development. "Mostly, all parties are on board... We do not expect more than four members to submit their dissent," the committee member said.
Also, there is agreement on this limit being a composite one, which means it doesn't bar portfolio investors. That would make it more attractive for insurers as it opens up the options when it comes to raising capital or exiting. The government plans to stick to the proposed formulation of capping total foreign investment at 49%, a senior government source said.
Along with the goods & services tax (GST), this is one of the reform measures most closely watched by international investors and, if passed, will be read as an affirmation of the Narendra Modi government's resolve to speed up economic liberalisation.
Report to be Tabled Tomorrow
The select committee report is likely to be presented in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday after which the Union government will take a call on whether to present the Bill with amendments or as it is. The government is keen to push the legislation through in the winter session of Parliament, which ends on December 23. Members have been given until Tuesday evening to formally present any dissent notes.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Monday that he was hopeful insurance market expansion would take place once the Bill was passed by Parliament. In a statement, he expressed his sense of satisfaction over the recommendations made by the parliamentary select committee. The cash-starved insurance sector has been demanding further liberalisation of the foreign investment limit and has pegged capital needs at more than Rs 50,000 crore.
Insurance penetration in the country declined to 3.96% of GDP in 2012-13 from 5.2% of GDP in 2009-10. The insurance industry is hopeful that the government will be able to pass the Bill in the current session of Parliament. "It has been long overdue. The 49% composite increase should help the industry, and the sector stands to gain around Rs 8,000 crore as FDI (foreign direct investment)," said a senior executive at a private life insurer.
Most Indian partners holding a 74% stake in their insurance venture with foreign partners are unable to infuse the funds needed to expand. The Modi government has promised several reforms to get the country's economy back on to a high-growth trajectory following two years of below-5% growth. The government has already opened up the railways to FDI and raised the overseas investment limit in defence to 49% from 26%.
Jaitley had said in his July budget speech that the insurance sector was investment-starved and several segments of the sector badly need to be expanded. "The composite cap in the insurance sector is proposed to be increased up to 49% from the current level of 26%, with full Indian management and control, through the FIPB (Foreign Investment Promotion Board) route," Jaitley had said in his budget speech. The government had agreed to send the insurance Bill to the select committee in the last session of Parliament to get Opposition members, especially from Congress, on board, after they voiced some concerns.
The panel had been given a further extension until December 12. According to officials aware of the deliberations of the 15-member committee, those belonging to the Janata Dal (United), Samajwadi Party, CPI(M) and Trinamool Congress are expected to submit their dissent. But Congress is said to be agreeable to the legislation. The insurance Bill has been with the Rajya Sabha since 2008.
In October 2012, the Cabinet had cleared 49% foreign investment in the sector. However, Parliament's standing committee on finance headed by former finance minister and BJP member Yashwant Sinha had suggested that the cap be kept at 26%.

http://usat.ly/1w5L7NFHow rich shoppers make investors poorer
By: Matt Krantz December 8, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
USA TODAY
You can’t go wrong betting on the spending of the rich, right? Wrong.
Luxury retail stocks — which seemed like no-brainer winners earlier in the year — are going the other way. The reversal in luxury stocks is costing investors who bet on big-spenders a bundle.
A basket of six key high-end retailers that were beating the market back in May by a mile are now lagging it, on average. These six high-end retailing stocks, including Michael Kors (KORS) , Kate Spade (KATE) and Ralph Lauren (RL) , are down 1.2% this year on average. That might not sound catastrophic until you consider the Standard & Poor’s 500 has jumped 12.3% during the same time.
It gets worse. A basket of eight much-watched discount retailers, including Wal-Mart (WMT) , Target (TGT) and Ross Stores (ROST) are beating the market and are up 13.1% on average this year. Part of that outperformance is due to the stock pop in shares of Family Dollar after Dollar Tree said it’s buying its rival. But the fact remains that a bet on the discounters this year has panned out much better than one on high-end retailers.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY. Equal weighted luxury vs. discounter stocks
Coach has been the best known luxury retailer to struggle. Shares are down 38.5% this year as competition for the accessories buyer intensifies. But even Michael Kors, the company that’s giving Coach much of the trouble, has seen its shares drop 4.4% this year.
Luxury brands could run into even more trouble still if China’s bull economy cools further many luxury brands have been scoring on the luxury craving Asian nations.
And that’s not to say all luxury retailers are struggling equally. High-end department store Nordstrom has seen its shares rise 22.2% this year — making it the best of the luxury sellers — on continued strong earnings.
But one things for certain — getting rich from the rich has gotten much more difficult this year.
HOW KEY LUXURY STOCKS ARE PERFORMING THIS YEAR
Company

http://usat.ly/1yvMmTxFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
McDonald's expands custom sandwich option
The future of McDonald's appears to be a strategic slowing down of fast food. Finally responding to declining same-store sales, falling stock prices and a shrinking base of younger customers, the world's
Post to Facebook
McDonald's expands custom sandwich option The future of McDonald's appears to be a strategic slowing down of fast food. Finally responding to declining same-store sales, falling stock prices and a shrinking base of younger customers, the world's Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A6tP1T
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
104
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
McDonald's expands custom sandwich option
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 8:08 p.m. EST December 7, 2014
Video Keywords consumer targets sweet potato Fries ticket prices future growth Smartphone IPad iPhone
Want  jalapeños on your burger? USA TODAY's Bruce Horovitz takes a look at McDonald's "Create Your Taste" experiment at one of their franchises in Orange County, Calif. Video produced by Robert Hanashiro/USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:04  This is a brand new concept that we are testing
00:06  for McDonald's. Called create your taste it started off as build
00:11  your burger. The now that we that a chicken and potential
00:14  for other things in the future we've gone to calling it
00:16  create your case. We're customer can command. And make a sandwich
00:21  to their own design. We also have sweet potato Fries. And
00:25  a customer signal. We believe that. Create case is going to
00:32  appeal to. Amoled meals but it subsequent to a coastal wide
00:37  range. Of consumer targets. So the beauty of it is it's
00:41  going to be broadly appealing. It's like using air quick air
00:47  tonight. Ordered just whatever I want but that's about it and
00:52  but if I guarded on my phone would be even more
00:55  convenient for each generation has their own idiosyncrasies in the millennial
00:59  Los. Are such that everything with them as electronic. So one
01:03  of the ways we are trying to appeal to the millennial
01:06  is with the kiosks that we. They love it most colonials
01:10  would rather deal with a computer. IPad iPhone and actually have.
01:15  Interaction with another human being so it's just our way of
01:17  trying to be relevant with the colonials. And they're really like
01:21  the kiosk to them is it is something that we should
01:24  have had awhile ago and they're waiting on our app. I
01:27  have two sons who are. Both Paul and elves and they're
01:30  saying the same thing dad when we would we have our
01:32  McDonald's. App on our iphones we can just pre order everything
01:36  and commanding get out. We'll get there. I would say we
01:39  are always. Looking to innovate we're always testing for new ideas
01:43  and new ways to grow the business. And we always have
01:47  multiple irons in the fire on ways that we can. Remain
01:51  relevant and generate new streams of revenue. So again yes there
01:56  is risk associated with the speed which which removing. But there
02:00  are many media other. Plans that are going in the place
02:05  that will help address the future growth opportunities with this company.
02:09  It takes a long time. Even warned you on the machine.
02:13  We can get it in the drive thru because takes on.
02:17  Can you talk about that inherent problem of the timing issue
02:20  and why you can't get a ticket prices. There and Bruce
02:23  you know really that is not a problem will we found
02:26  from our customers to and our research is that they don't
02:29  mind the wait. When they go through the process of ordering.
02:34  Exactly what they're looking for. And then are able to come
02:37  to the table and sit down and break out there Smartphone
02:41  and go through intake he mellowed. Listen to music would do
02:45  whatever it is that they wanted to do. That basically takes
02:48  up the time it takes for us to get him there.
02:51  Their food to their tape it's about five to seven minutes
02:54  opinion with the war in response to drive was concerned what
02:57  we're doing is we're making. The decision at this point to
03:02  make this and any restaurant experience. So we want customers have
03:06  a little bit more time. And are willing to wait to
03:09  come inside and go through the entire experience. In the future
03:13  we may have a drive through solution but it. Present time
03:17  this is really just about the investment experience. Be honest I'd
03:21  say the best barriers are in an out and investigation which
03:24  is actually put it in now doesn't have weekends that's did.
03:28  Quality and they also in not doesn't offer a whole opinion
03:30  is on the rigors. So with that McDonald's is actually. Doing
03:35  better than in our noses through that more. Specialty you want.
03:38  Can't just take one little part and say by itself is
03:42  this going to be a game changer. Put together it's because
03:46  of that she would be as powerful in my mind as
03:49  breakfast. We've got the best Fries in the world and I
03:53  quite frankly think attributed fragile pretty good tip so now we
03:56  can get a fantastic. Burgers custom built. With custom ingredients fried
04:02  tomatoes guacamole. Almost no reason to go anywhere else.
Amy Sanchez helps customer Michael Slade, 16, order a customized sandwich using a tablet at a McDonald's in Laguna Niguel, Calif. The "Create Your Taste" menu program is an experiment being conducted in four Orange County, Calif. McDonald's restaurants.
(Photo: Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY)
5609 CONNECT 249 TWEET 147 LINKEDIN 104 COMMENTEMAILMORE
LAGUNA NIGUEL, Calif. — The future of McDonald's fast food may be slowing it down.
Responding to declining same-store sales, falling stock prices and a shrinking base of younger customers, the world's largest fast-food chain will announce plans to vastly expand its "Create Your Taste" test platform.
Create Your Taste lets customers skip the counter and head to tablet-like kiosks where they can customize everything about their burger, from the type of bun to the variety of cheese to the many, gloppy toppings and sauces that can go on it.
"This is a big deal," says Greg Watson, senior vice president of U.S. menu innovation; the senior executive in charge of what is arguably McDonald's most significant menu change since the roll out of breakfast more than 40 years ago. "We are all under some pressure that is coming from the business picture not being where we want it to be."
What has until now been a tiny test in four Southern California stores is immediately expanding to 30 locations in five more states and in 2015 to 2,000 U.S. locations, or about one in seven of the 14,000 domestic McDonald's restaurants, says Watson. The five additional states: Illinois, Wisconsin, Georgia, Missouri and Pennsylvania.
USA TODAY was invited by McDonald's to go behind the scenes to tour one of its test stores and to report the upcoming expansion of the test to thousands of its restaurants nationally.
Not only is McDonald's preparing to widely spread the new menu platform, but it's also adding a second meat option to it: Chicken.
Customers will also be able to build their own chicken sandwiches — a serious competitive edge over designer burger chains that do not have that option.
But change comes at a price: Time. It's a price patrons in the test sites seem to be willing to pay.
For decades, fast food's central success has been built around serving customers their orders within a few minutes. That's impossible when customers — particularly those in the 14 to 24-year-old range — demand customized meals that are served fresh, appear healthy and don't cost too much. The wait-time for a  burger from the new platform at McDonald's is about seven minutes — an eternity in fast-food land.
But the chain needs to take risks. It recently reported its worst same-store sales decline in more than a decade. McDonald's stock has lagged its peers. CEO Don Thompson knows that if results don't improve sooner rather than later, his job could be on the line. In the third quarter, when McDonald's earnings plunged 30%, Thompson conceded that the company had lost relevance for key young consumers like Slade.
"McDonald's single biggest problem is its current positioning with Millennials," says Darren Tristano, executive vice president at Technomic, a restaurant industry research firm.
Teens and young adults continue to abandon McDonald's for what they perceive as fresher, healthier and more customizable menu choices at favorites such as Chipotle, Panera and Five Guys.
"Not one student I have asked since the start of classes this September believes that McDonald's has any healthy items on its menu," says Christopher Muller, hospitality professor at Boston University.   When he recently asked 75 students where they prefer to go for fast-food, not one picked McDonald's or Burger King.  Two picked Wendy's.  But roughly half said they preferred Chipotle, Panera and Starbucks.
"I think it is less that McDonald's has lost its way and more that a generation has simply left for a different destination," says Muller.
But McDonald's executives scoff at that.  McDonald's attracts 27 million customers a day — a big chunk of them Millennials, says Watson. "Millennials are still coming to McDonald's."
So are even younger customers like 16-year-old Michael Slade, a junior at Dana Hills High School here.   But on this particular day, the lure wasn't the menu, but a free coupon his folks had received in the mail to try out Create Your Taste.
Slade, who is very health-conscious, ordered a customized chicken sandwich on a ciabatta roll with lettuce, onions, jalapeños, pickles, guacamole and garlic sauce.   He waited seven minutes for his food to arrive — open-faced in a polished wire basket, looking very much like a gourmet burger. It came delivered to his table by a crewmember.
Slade quickly polished-off the burger, and says he would even come back again. "It's a thumbs up," he says.  "I like that I got to create it myself exactly the way I want it."
But he says the price is too high.
Create Your Taste a far cry from the $5 Value Meal.  A customized burger with a medium drink and fries is $8.29 at this McDonald's.
Collin Philippi, a 14-year-old 9th grader from Laguna Niguel, says he loves the new offerings, but when he comes with his friends, he mostly sticks with the more affordable budget menu.  "I only get the build-you-own when I come with my dad."
The higher price-tag isn't the new platform's only potential stumbling block to success. Time is an equally-big issue. Because it takes at least four to seven minutes to prepare orders from the custom platform, it can't even be sold at the drive-thru window — where many McDonald's do up to 70% of their business.
Also, many older consumers are uncomfortable with the new technology.   That's why, during busy hours, this particular McDonald's places crewmembers right at the kiosks to show older folks how to use them.
Change is hard.  Especially for a massive chain like McDonald's.  That's why the new platform needs strong incentives like the free coupons, says Tristano. "We are all creatures of habit," he says. "The likelihood that McDonald's customers will continue to order Big Macs and Quarter Pounders with little or no customization will be high."
But this is the McDonald's of the present racing to become the McDonald's of the future.
Robert Nibeel, who owns this McDonald's restaurant along with 15 others in Southern California, is sold on "Create Your Taste." Two of his locations have the platform and a third will add it before the end of the year. He says it's bringing in incremental business and that on weekends, when folks typically have more time, up to half of the orders are from the new platform.   Most importantly, he says, it's attracting younger customers.
"Millennials would much rather order from a machine than face-to-face," says Nibeel. He has two boys ages 16 and 18 "and they're upset we don't have an ordering app yet," he says.     Watson says that's in the works and that McDonald's recently added the Apple Pay system where customers can pay with smartphones.
McDonald's is in the midst of reinventing itself, says Watson.  The stores are being modernized. A new ad campaign is in the works.  And even the way it sells and makes food is in flux.
"McDonald's is listening to the customer," says Watson. It's delving into a new frontier that's part fast-food and part fast-casual dining.  Kind of like a restaurant within a restaurant. "Maybe we're creating a new space," he says.
There have been glitches.  The software can be a real headache, says Nibeel.  For example, on this particular day the sweet potato fries option somehow disappeared from the kiosk menu.
Also, "Create Your Taste" won't even fit in many smaller McDonald's locations, because it requires a separate assembly area.
And after promoting the program for months as "Build Your Own Burger," that name had to be scrapped when chicken was added as an option.
The school day has ended and a crowd of teenagers burst into this restaurant. Several boys gather around the kiosk with a screen that looks very much like an iPad. "Will it do my homework?" one of them asks, as his friends laugh.
But McDonald's isn't laughing. It's doing its homework.
5609 CONNECT 249 TWEET 147 LINKEDIN 104 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A6tP1T
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

FM hopeful of insurance mkt expansion once Bill is passedDec 08, 2014, 08.55 PM IST  | Source: PTI
FM hopeful of insurance mkt expansion once Bill is passed
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that he was hopeful that the insurance market expansion would take place once the Insurance Amendment Bill is passed by Parliament.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
FM hopeful of insurance mkt expansion once Bill is passed
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that he was hopeful that the insurance market expansion would take place once the Insurance Amendment Bill is passed by Parliament.
Post your opinion here
 
Paving the way for long pending insurance bill to be placed in the Rajya Sabha, Parliamentary Select Committee has given its recommendations on amendments to the Insurance Act that seek to raise FDI cap to 49 percent .
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that he was hopeful that the insurance market expansion would take place once the Insurance Amendment Bill is passed by Parliament. Jaitely was speaking at a meeting with British insurer Standard Life's Chairman Jerry Grimstone and Kotak Group chief Uday Kotak.
"The Finance Minister expressed his sense of satisfaction as the Parliamentary Select Committee has given its recommendations with regard to the Insurance Amendment Bill referred to it," an official statement said.
It, however, did not spell out recommendations by the Committee headed by senior BJP leader Chandan Mitra. There were speculations that the report may contain a few dissent notes by Opposition members in the Committee.
The term of the Committee, set up in August, was last month extended by two more weeks till December 12 to submit its report. The Bill proposes to raise the composite foreign investment ceiling (including FDI, FII and NRI) from 26 percent to 49 percent.
The approval to hike the FDI limit from the current 26 percent, a proposal which has been pending since 2008, is expected to attract long term capital, besides improving the overall investment climate.
There are about two dozen private sector insurance firms both in life and non-life segment. Once the Insurance Bill is passed, the foreign investment ceiling in pension sector too would increase to 49 percent.
In the Rajya Sabha, the ruling NDA does not have majority and would require support from other parties for the passage of the legislation.
RELATED NEWS

Marriott launches first AC brand hotelmarriott launches first ac brand hotel
HC closes case against filed against ministerHC closes case against filed against minister
Parliament passes bill to free NTC from rent control lawsParliament passes bill to free NTC from rent control laws
On a bad day when nifty is under pressure bank of baroda hit a new 52 ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

AP ties-up with Singapore for capital city master planSingapore, AP partner for capital city master plan
V. Rishi Kumar
S Iswaran (left), Second Minister for Home Affairs and Second Minister for Trade and Industry, Singapore, with Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu in a meeting at the Secretariat in Hyderabad on Monday PV SIVAKUMAR
Chandrababu keen to develop capital city that is environmentally sustainable
Hyderabad, Dec 8:  
Singapore and Andhra Pradesh governments on Monday signed a memorandum of understanding wherein the former would develop a master plan for the new capital city to come up in Guntur-Vijayawada region.
After the memorandum was inked here at the State Secretariat, AP Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu and S Iswaran, Minister in the Singapore PM’s Office and Minister for Home affairs, Trade and Industry, Singapore government, said both the governments were committed to the development of the capital region and the master plan is likely to be ready within six months.
Environmentally stable
Naidu said he was keen to develop a capital city which would be better than the best city anywhere in the world. “Our idea is to develop a capital which is environmentally sustainable. The experience and expertise of Singapore will be helpful for Andhra Pradesh,” he said.
Iswaran said, “India and Singapore have strong bilateral ties at leadership and government level, and this is expected to get better as we engage in more areas – both business to business and people to people ties.”
Smart cities
Mentioning about Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s vision to develop smart cities, he said that Singapore is keen to share its expertise and learning in building smart cities in China, Vietnam and other places. And this is one opportunity to develop a smart city, he said.
The master plan covering urban planning, land use and infrastructure, to be ready by June 2015, is aimed at charting out a broader design of the new city infrastructure factoring local requirements. “We simply cannot slap a Singapore model on AP. We need to develop something that is suitable here,” he said.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Indian Economy in U-Shaped Recovery: Mizuho BankYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Indian Economy in U-Shaped Recovery: Mizuho Bank
Published On:                  December  3, 2014                 | Duration: 24 min, 39 sec
Tweet
Tirthankar Patnaik, chief strategist and head of research-India at Mizuho Bank, says India is in a U-shaped upcycle as it comes out of low aggregate demand conditions. While growth will be moderate for FY15 and a pick-up will be slower, the country is clearly poised to be the most attractive destination for foreign investors as other BRICS nations face slowdown.

Deposit Rate Cut Due to Easing Liquidity Conditions: SBIYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Deposit Rate Cut Due to Easing Liquidity Conditions: SBI
Published On:                  December  5, 2014                 | Duration: 4 min, 53 sec
Tweet
SBI has cut retail deposit rates by 25 basis points effective December 8. Arundhati Bhattacharya, chairman of SBI,  tells NDTV that due to sufficient liquidity the bank has been able to cut these rates and  may consider cutting lending rates too. Credit growth remains muted but have started seeing greenshoots in renewable energy and real estate space.

Will Ask Modi Government For Anti-Dumping Duty on Batteries: EvereadyYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Will Ask Modi Government For Anti-Dumping Duty on Batteries: Eveready
Published On:                  December  5, 2014                 | Duration: 12 min, 59 sec
Tweet
Amritanshu Khaitan, managing director, Eveready Industries says battery-makers as an association are going to appeal to the Narendra Modi government to bring back anti-dumping duty on batteries, as cheap Chinese batteries are hurting the industry. Chinese batteries have come in and created a 4-5 per cent market share in India, he said.

Remain Bullish on Maruti Suzuki: Prabhudas LilladherYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Remain Bullish on Maruti Suzuki: Prabhudas Lilladher
Published On:                  December  3, 2014                 | Duration: 18 min, 18 sec

Ashton Carters advantages as defense secretaryREUTERS/Yuriko Nakao/Files
Bob Gates. Leon Panetta. Chuck Hagel. And now, Ashton Carter .
If Carter, who was officially nominated by the president to succeed  Hagel Friday morning, is confirmed by the Senate as expected, these four men will represent the succession of Obama's defense secretaries. Yet for all they share as those charged with running the vast Pentagon bureaucracy amid years of heightened international conflicts, they are also very different.
The first three were high-profile Washington public figures who had in many ways become household names before their tenure as secretary. Gates was a holdover from George W. Bush's presidency, when he served as the director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Panetta was well known as Bill Clinton's former chief of staff, who also at one point ran the CIA. And Chuck Hagel was a two-term senator who received widespread attention for his maverick role as a Republican critic of the Iraq War, glowingly profiled in magazines like Esquire.
Carter, meanwhile, has been a Pentagon technocrat  who spent years helping to run the vast defense department before he stepped down a year ago. None other than Joint Chiefs of Staff Martin Dempsey jokingly called him a "middle-aged uber-wonk" at his farewell ceremony, saying : “I think he’s been called the most important, least-known figure in Washington, or some language to that effect, and I agree with that.”
To be clear, that's not a knock against Carter. In fact, it could be a big advantage for him as he tries to navigate the immense obligations of the job, the uneasy  relationship between the White House and the defense department, and the many complex global challenges this country faces.
For one, he will be able to "hit the ground running" immediately, as Obama said in the nomination ceremony Friday morning. He already knows his way around the labyrinthine Pentagon bureaucracy. Carter served as the chief operating officer there, overseeing more than two million personnel and running global operations. Before that, he was the department's top weapons buyer , a job in which he was seen as a reformer  with strong feelings about the  right way to run the Pentagon. He has served under six previous defense secretaries.
Second, he's had an up-close-and-personal view of the challenges of being a defense secretary in this administration — and he still said yes to the job. As deputy secretary of defense under both Panetta and Hagel, he bore witness to whatever micromanagement the White House has reportedly attempted on defense strategy. And he's seen whatever inner circle  exists among Obama's advisers , and the personalities that have and haven't succeeded in penetrating it.
Despite this, he's agreed to take the job, unlike at least two others  — Center for a New American Security CEO Michèle Flournoy and Sen. Jack Reed (D-R.I.) — who withdrew themselves from consideration. That shows commitment, and an acceptance of the responsibilities and challenges accompanying this very difficult job that it appears few people want.
Finally, Washington is a place of egos. A low-profile insider who has progressed in the shadows of higher-wattage names is likely to have more friends on both sides of the aisle — and to be able to keep them. Carter's nomination has already gotten a thumbs up from both Democrats and Republicans , and he's expected to be confirmed  without much controversy. That should help him as he takes on the job; unlike Hagel, who appeared  hurt by his rough confirmation process.
Being a little-known technocrat hardly means Carter will be a doormat . He has been described as a direct,  assertive and intellectual  leader. He's a Rhodes Scholar who has studied medieval history and has a doctorate in theoretical physics. And his views don't always line up exactly with the president's. He's reported to be to the right of Obama, for instance, on the policy in Syria.
Things will be different, of course, when Carter assumes the top role. He'll need to build his own team, assert his own leadership and navigate the tricky politics of the White House. But such is the case for anyone who takes such a difficult job, particularly in the waning years of a president's second term. For Carter, his insider's knowledge, clear-eyed interest in the role and less partisan background could end up being advantages that no well-known outsider could bring to the job.
Read also:
Like On Leadership ? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section.

India s GDP to Grow at 6.3% in 2015: Goldman SachsYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
India's GDP to Grow at 6.3% in 2015: Goldman Sachs
Published On:                  December  5, 2014                 | Duration: 14 min, 47 sec
Tweet
Tushar Poddar, chief India economist at Goldman Sachs, told NDTV that macroeconomic situations in India have improved. A cyclical recovery is underway on the back of structural reforms which will lead to a pickup in India's GDP in 2015, he added.

Literati: A look at the world of books  publishing and writersbooks and publishing
Watching Ameen Haque of The Storywallahs perform at the Kahani Tree, Bookaroo, was a treat. He wove stories, poetry and music together and had the audience singing and laughing along with him. In the short interaction, the children were introduced to the radical idea that crying is perfectly normal for boys and grown men.
Telling tales
Even when adults communicate, it is inevitably through stories. We call it conversation. Break up the conversation and analyse it. It is anecdotal, replete with stories and vignettes. The impact of a well-told story is immeasurable. Similarly a book allows a quiet engagement between the author and a reader. Books make you see the world afresh. It works for all age groups.
This relationship between books and young readers was apparent at an event organised by SCWBI India in partnership with Goethe-Institut/Max Mueller Bhavan and the Bookaroo Childrens’ Literature Festival. The topic was “LSD: Love, Sex and Darkness in Books for Children” and the participants were educationist Dr. Shalini Advani, author Samina Mishra, illustrator Priya Kuriyan, and publisher Sayoni Basu.
“Should children’s books only deal with happy things? What about death, violence and sexuality? What about darkness and ugliness?” These were some of the questions raised.
Dr. Advani pointed out that adults tend to be more uncomfortable than children. “For adults, our role is to drag these issues out into the clear light of day. To normalise them as a part of the circle of life so that children — who think about them anyway — learn healthy ways of talking about them and thinking about them. It’s not happy worlds that young people seek. So it is not about whether a book has death or perfidious adults or parental divorce or pain. But more about how it is done — young people don’t like to be lectured to or even gently educated.”
Some recently YA books — Talking of Muskaan by Himanjali Sankar about a teen who may be a lesbian; Smitten by Ranjit Lal about a teen who is molested by a family member and Jobless Clueless Reckless by Revathi Suresh about a pregnant teen — have tackled these tricky topics.
***
Fiction relies upon storytelling to represent experiences, although its impact depends on the author’s magic with words. At times the storytelling has visible weaknesses but the reader persists, usually out of curiosity about a new topic. For instance, Sonora Jha’s Foreign (farmer suicides in Vidarbha); Pia Padukone’s Where Earth Meets Water (9/11 and the 2004 tsumani), Gaiutra Bahadur’s Coolie Woman (indentured labourers on sugar plantations in British Guiana), Mira Jacob’s The Sleepwalker’s Guide to Dancing (Syrian Christian family in New Mexico), and Robert Allison’s The Letter Bearer (WWII, amnesia).
Inclusive fiction
Exquisite storytelling and its impact is apparent by the recent online conversation between Amitav Ghosh and Raghu Karnad regarding Flanagan’s 2014 ManBooker Prize-winning novel The Narrow Road to the Deep North. The two Indian writers discussed the inclusive capacity of historical fiction and the “duty” of a novelist but also gave insightful comments about a moment in history that had been made accessible through contemporary fiction.
The legendary publisher Gordon Graham puts it prophetically in a 1980 essay published in As I was Saying: Essays on the International Book Business, “Creative composition in the electronic age will not happen at the moment when the author and the publisher decide it is releasable.” It will happen with the active participation of the reader. A statement that holds true 35 years later.
Irrespective of age groups and formats, the importance of storytelling can never be negated since it is an important module of communication and transmission of information, requiring the active participation of all stakeholders.

A Madras murder from Down UnderUpdated: December 7, 2014 14:56 IST
Fiction
A Madras murder from Down Under
V. SRIRAM
A Madras Miasma; Brian Stoddart, Crime Wave Press, Rs. 876.
TOPICS
fiction
If you like murder mysteries and love Chennai, then this book is for you.
A couple of months ago I received a strange request on my blog: If the writer would be kind enough to send his postal address, he would receive a book. Now books have always been my weakness, so I responded at once. The sender was, however, not a one-eyed Chinaman with a pronounced limp but the Australian author Brian Stoddart. An acknowledged international authority on sports and culture, he specialises in Asia. Having worked in various countries across Asia, Stoddart has also authored 16 non-fiction books. And then he turned to crime fiction. The first in that genre happens to be A Madras Miasma, a whodunit set in our own city of Chennai.
When the book arrived, I was not impressed by its cover. Obviously done by an artist who knew perhaps just Delhi and may be parts of Rajasthan I reflected. It featured an arched gateway through which veiled women were walking up and down. I wondered if the rest of the book was the same. After all, when you have once read a novel that claimed to be set here and featured women bathing topless on the beach, you know what to expect. But I have rarely come across a work of fiction that is so well researched. The author, who set himself the difficult task of capturing the Madras of the 1920s, has excelled himself. Except for a couple of very minor errors.
At the story’s heart is Christian Jolyon Brenton Le Fanu, a Superintendent of Police and a Britisher despite that odd-sounding name. The history of the police force in Madras has had names such as LeBon, LeGeyt, LeNeve and Loveluck. So Le Fanu is not out of place. We first meet him standing in knee-deep water in the Buckingham Canal (ugh!!) trying to reach out to the body of a dead (and, but naturally, beautiful) English woman. She is in faultless evening dress, and we can only pray that she was dead before she was pushed into the canal. Had she been alive, she would have experienced a fate worse than death.
Le Fanu’s search for the killer has him going up and down Madras. He lives in an independent bungalow on Edward Elliots (now Radhakrishnan) Road, itself named after a Police Chief who coveted a friend’s wife and got away with her. You find him going to haunts that we can all recognise — the Madras Club, what is now the Express Avenue Mall, the Secretariat, Fort St. George and the General Hospital (both where they were then), the British business houses on First Line Beach (alas all gone barring EID Parry), the houses of the Sahibs in the Adyar area, the Board of Revenue building at Chepauk (now a burnt-out shell), and the Governor’s weekend retreat at Guindy (now the Raj Bhavan).
As he moves in mysterious ways his wonders to perform, always shadowed by his boss who is eager to see him fail, Le Fanu interacts with characters who, though fictional, are easily recognisable to any student of Madras history. There are English women here to find a suitable match, boxwallahs drowning business stresses in alcohol, freedom fighters staging meetings on the beach, pompous civil servants (call me “Third Member and don’t refer to me by name,” says a particularly obnoxious specimen) and the Governor himself — in this case, Lord Willingdon, a historical personality.
Back at home, Le Fanu relaxes in the company of his Anglo-Indian housekeeper; his wife having gone back to England, preparatory to filing for divorce. He clearly loves his Madras, rejoicing in traditional South Indian breakfasts and refreshing himself by driving along the Beach or down Mount Road all the way to Guindy.
The murder of the Englishwoman comes at a particularly tense moment for the administration. The First World War is over but Jalianwala Bagh has also happened and that means a spurt in the freedom-related activities. The Press and the people appear to have lost faith in the Government and those in office and sympathetic to Indian interests are viewed with suspicion by upper-crust British society in the city. It is in this matrix that Le Fanu has to work and find out who exactly killed Jane Carstairs. She may be dead for the full length of the book but what comes alive is the city. If you like murder mysteries and love Chennai, then this book is for you. May be I should do a Le Fanu heritage tour one of these days.

The art of working from homeThe art of working from home
Sandhya Rao
Tweet
How a village boy scaled heights and came back to where he belonged, and transformed his life and career
It’s a kind of Dale Carnegie meets Stephen Covey with some Rhonda Byrne thrown in. It’s not a smooth concoction, but it hits some high notes.
God’s Own Office is the story of how the author, James Joseph, went from being a gauche, motherless village kid in Kerala to the best employee of Microsoft in California before setting up a business making jackfruit available all year round. Certainly, the stuff of which dreams and daring are made.
The handy little book is also a how-to peppered with short and long lists for those who, like him, don’t want to be slave to traffic stuck between one meeting and the next and basically no life.
For this reason, it would resonate best with information technology professionals because they have the greatest logistical flexibility; they also are the most vulnerable to early onset of health, relationship, family and burnout issues. The book offers a way of achieving what Joseph calls “work-life resonance”.
Memory and desire
The opening sentence of Chapter One dives right into what the author means by this: “There is equal satisfaction in being a big fish in a big pond and a small fish in a small pond, the former for the professional intellect and the latter for the spirit.”
Unfussily “mixing memory and desire”, the book connects the salient points of Joseph’s personal, educational and professional journeys.
When, after having first worked in an auto component factory in Delhi, he gets a job with the American company, 3M, he realises “I had joined a completely different league of people… These were the well-dressed, smooth talking IIT+IIM gang and I was sitting there with my broken English, unable to even wear a tie properly. I was a real misfit…”
Undoubtedly, this state of being would resonate with many readers. What gives Joseph the edge is not just his never-say-die personality, but the ready and easy way he shares his ideas and experiences; the book has a homespun quality but appears also imbued with doses of self-help lessons learned.
But he is also basically a risk-taker, which trait influences many of his decisions, including one to equip himself with a better education in the UK on the back of a huge loan.
Big moves
It’s not all hunkydory, even though he manages to land plum jobs and gain a range of experiences in places like Ford and Microsoft, among others, in North America, Europe and India. At one time he’s refused a US visa, at another he’s jobless, but he keeps at it.
Eventually, while he’s still with Microsoft, he and his wife, a doctor, move back to India, to his native village, where he sets up what he calls ‘God’s Own Office’.
Cheesey, but it works: the air is pure, the family lives close to nature, he ensures the office is well-connected in every way, and he handles some of his most important assignments in the four years here. Along the way, he also wins Microsoft’s highest award, the Circle of Excellence.
And then he quits to do his own thing: grow the potential of the “sticky, smelly seasonal” jackfruit with JackFruit365.
As many television interviewers have remarked, he moves from the biggest company to the biggest fruit.
Professional, personal
In the book, he shares his methods and his philosophy, be it finding the right location for the home-office or the right school for his children or finding a replacement chief guest at the last minute for a high level conference that had been in the making for months.
The book reveals how he managed to do this, on his terms, to his satisfaction and the satisfaction of his company and team and family.
As he says, “I enjoyed the contrast between my work and home life — one morning I was bumping into Steve Ballmer at a gym in Hyderabad, the next morning I was collecting a fresh catch of prawns from the backwaters of Kochi with my daughter.
Another day, I was speaking to a group of executives from the leading public sector enterprises about global engineering skills shortage and the next day, I was speaking to a group of farmers at an island near my home about the benefits of inviting professionals to participate in their farm.”
The books nicely weaves the professional and the personal, is adequately anecdotal and reflective, and best of all, a quick read.
It could have done with better editing and perhaps a few more editorial inputs to make it less chronologically confusing in parts and more substantiated in parts, apart from the text requiring a nuanced evening out.
And for someone who is clearly passionate about whatever he does – and it comes through in all his television interviews — the book sounds curiously detached.
It was Kris Gopalakrishnan, then chief executive officer of Infosys and president of CII South who suggested to Joseph that he document and share his experience “so that more professionals could return to their home towns”.
Bless Kris because Joseph, true to form, leaves no possibility unturned and does a decent job — he has the gift of the gab and the drive to pack a punch — even if his editors fell short of pushing the envelope. But that’s not a very big minus.
Stay in touch
The big plus comes in Chapter Four, which is the chunk of the book, entitled ‘Start your journey to god’s own office’ which rides on the insightful and philosophical observation that “one must experience the world to withdraw to a small place and remain happy”.
James goes on to talk about the importance of conviction and a sense of balance between knowledge and wealth, constant focus on the goal, earning the right to return by doing full justice to the current job, finding the right location with reliable digital connectivity and backup where you can work without interruption and from where you can travel easily, and discipline.
As he says, be a Khushwant Singh during the week (refuse to be disturbed) and a Shashi Tharoor on weekends (catch up with family and friends).
Most important, even though you are out of sight, never be out of mind.
Joseph, who now seems content to be a small fish, offers many more tips and suggestions, professional and personal.
But basically what he says is: If I could do it, so can you. Come home. Make of India something more. If this isn’t the audacity of hope, what is?
MEET THE AUTHOR
James Joseph is an entrepreneur and author. He founded JackFruit365, an initiative to create an organised market for jackfruits in India. He has over 20 years of experience working in the US, Europe and India with companies such as Microsoft, 3M and Ford.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Nationals look to re-sign Jordan Zimmermann long-termBy James Wagner December 7 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Jordan Zimmermann. (Photo by Mitchell Layton/Getty Images)
With the winter meetings set to officially begin on Monday in San Diego, the Nationals have made one of their priorities clear: they want to make another run at signing starting pitcher Jordan Zimmermann before he becomes a free agent after next season. Even though past efforts to sign the right-hander to a long-term deal haven’t been successful , the Nationals hope to make another effort starting this week, according to a person familiar with the situation.
The Nationals and Zimmermann’s representatives are set to meet this week, according to a different person familiar with the situation. Until now, both sides hadn’t talked about a long-term deal since last winter when negotiations were far apart and Zimmermann instead agreed to a two-year, $24-million deal to cover his final two seasons of arbitration.
Zimmermann, 28, was the Nationals best starter last season, posting a 2.66 ERA over 199 2/3 innings, earning a second all-star selection and capping a stellar season with a no-hitter on the final day of the regular season. He also nearly threw a complete game in the playoffs. He has been the Nationals’ most consistent starter, posting a 2.96 ERA over the past three season while averaging 203 innings.
If the Nationals cannot re-sign Zimmermann, they could just let the situation play out (have the right-hander pitch his final season in Washington and try negotiations again next winter or then perhaps get a draft pick back for him if he declines a qualifying offer) or consider trading him now. General Manager Mike Rizzo said earlier this winter that he is open to moving any players with one year left if the offer is right.
To trade Zimmermann, the Nationals would have be wowed by an offer, perhaps a young middle infielder who can play second this year and shortstop in the future if Ian Desmond isn’t also re-signed.
Throughout negotiations last year and this winter, Zimmermann has maintained he is open to staying in Washington but for the right offer. He says he understands the situation and knows his name has come up often in trade discussions this winter.
“We’re talking baseball and anything can happen,” Zimmermann told the Post last month . “Obviously, I’d like to stay with the Nats. I have no complaints about the Nats. It’s a business. I know that. If they feel they want to trade me and get something in return that will help them later down the road, I totally understand. At the end of the day, I love the Nats. I love this city. I love playing there. … If the deal is right, I’ll definitely sign a multi-year deal. I never once said I didn’t want to stay in D.C. But at the end of the day, the deal has to be right and the deal has to be fair and that’s all I’m asking for. Just pay me what I’m worth and I’ll be happy to stay. If we can’t come to common ground, I guess free agency is the next step.”
It is unclear how much the Nationals offered Zimmermann during the last round of negotiations last winter. One report earlier this winter said the Nationals offered five years for $85 million, but it is believed the offer could have been lower, in the $60 million range, according to two people familiar with the situation. Either way, the Nationals will likely have to start at a higher point than either offer to re-engage Zimmermann’s representatives about a long-term deal.
Zimmermann has often been compared to Reds starter Homer Bailey, another right-handed starter who is the same age. Zimmermann, however, is a better pitcher than Bailey.  And in February, the Reds inked Bailey to a six-year, $105 million deal when he had one year left before free agency, setting a new benchmark for Zimmermann’s market . A deal for Zimmermann could be likely worth closer to those of Zack Greinke and Cole Hamels, who will make $147 million and $144 million over six years, respectively.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

A new app that lets you make unlimited free calls to landlines  mobile phonesDec 08, 2014 at 10:36am IST
A new app that lets you make unlimited free calls to landlines, mobile phones
34
3
New York: A new app has made it possible to make calls on landline and cell phones for free in 85 countries.
Call+ app lets you make free calls to landline and mobile phones alike without anyone needing the app at the other end, CNET reported.
Available for Android and iOS devices, Call+ lets you call both landlines and mobiles and it shows your existing phone number as the caller ID.
The app that is available for both Android and iOS lets you make unlimited free calls to anyone in the continental US and landlines in Mexico, China and Brazil.
You can make unlimited free calls to anyone in the continental US and landlines in Mexico, China and Brazil.
But if you want to call a different country, you have two options.
You can buy one day of unlimited-calling service for 99 cents, two days for $1.99 and a month for $19.99.
Unlike smartphone apps that need both phones to have the app installed, the Call+ app allows free voice calls even to phones without the app.
Call+ also allows users to complete various "partner" offers in exchange for days of service.
Signing up with dating service Zoosk can earn you seven days or buying a customised holiday ornament from Personal Creations can earn you seven days.
Earning many of the offers only requires users to spend some more time, the report added.
500

Govt launches trade portal to give exporters info on various FTAsCommerce Ministry launches new portal to give exporters info on FTAs
Our Bureau
Trade thrust Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman with Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher and Additional Secretary JS Deepak at the unveiling of the trade portal in New Delhi, on Monday. PTI
Will offer information on trade pacts to exporters, importers in one place
New Delhi, Dec 8:  
To ensure better utilisation of Free Trade Agreements (FTAs), the Commerce Ministry has launched a trade portal providing exporters with information on preferential tariffs and rules of origin in such markets.
The ‘India Trade Portal’ will also have other information of importance to exporters such as technical barriers faced by trade in different markets.
Feedback sought
“Exporters should make best use of the portal, give continuous feedback for further improvement and additional details that they may need,” said Nirmala Sitharaman, Commerce & Industry Minister, inaugurating the portal on Monday.
India has signed a number of FTAs with various countries and regional blocs over the last few years, but exporters have not been able to utilise them well because of lack of knowledge about what the agreements offered. The Indian Trade Portal will make available important data for use of exporters and importers at one place, in a user friendly manner and this will contribute to ease of doing business for trade and industry, an official release said.
The portal has been developed by the Federation of Indian Export Organisations (FIEO) and will also be maintained by it.
Important FTAs signed by India include ones with Japan, South Korea, the 10-member Asean and Sri Lanka.
The country is also negotiating pacts with Australia, New Zealand, the EU and the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) with 16 countries including major Asian economies such as China.
According to FIEO, the portal will also facilitate the Indian industry’s integration into the regional value chain.
“We can look for duty free import of semi-finished goods from such partner countries, converting them into value added finished products with skills and wage advantage at home, for exports to any partner country with duty free benefit on imports therein,” FIEO said in its release.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

E-Cigarette Tech Takes off as Regulation LoomsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Taj Mahal row: Who does it belong to  wonders Asaduddin OwaisiBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 3:50 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 4:58 pm
Who does the Taj Mahal belong to? This question was asked by Asaduddin Owaisi (AIMIM) to Culture Minister Mahesh Sharma when he was responding to supplementary questions on museums.
When Dharmendra Yadav (SP) asked the first supplementary on museums, Owaisi, sitting next to Yadav, asked, “Who does the Taj Mahal belong to?”
The minister ignored the question asked twice and continued addressing members who were asking supplementaries.
The query came against the backdrop of UP Urban Development and Minority Affairs Minister and senior SP leader Azam Khan recently saying that the Taj Mahal should be declared a property of the state’s Waqf Board.
Khan, who is also waqf minister of the state, had said on November 13 that the Taj Mahal should be declared a waqf property and he should be given its charge.
He was speaking at a meeting of Muslim leaders in Lucknow where member of waqf boards had gathered.
In his reply, the Sharma said the National Archives of India has been receiving proposals from states and UTs for financial assistance to protect manuscripts of historical and cultural importance.
“This apart, National Mission for Manuscripts has provided funds to states for documentation and preservation of scripts,” he said.

Sensex Falls 339 Points as Infosys Sinks 5%You are here: Home Market
Sensex Falls Over 1%; Infosys Plunges
Reuters | Updated On: December 08, 2014 17:14 (IST)
Sensex Slumps 2%; Weakening Rupee Challenges Rate Cut Hopes
Mumbai: The BSE Sensex and Nifty posted their biggest fall in 7-1/2 weeks on Monday, as IT services exporter Infosys slumped after its founders sold the company's stock, while metals and mining firms tumbled on data showing an unexpected fall in China's imports.
Recent outperformers also took a hit on a slew of worrisome global factors, including stronger-than-expected United States jobs data that raised the prospect of early US rate hikes and a ratings downgrade for Italy.
Adding to the concerns, overseas investors have also started taking profits. Foreign institutional investors sold Indian shares worth Rs 109 crore on Friday.
"Today's fall was basically on tech stocks, especially on Infosys, and investors booked profits in banks. However, nothing fundamentally went wrong. Perhaps fundamentals are far more positive now. We expect more reforms to go through in this (parliament) session," said Deven Choksey, managing director, KR Choksey Securities.
The benchmark BSE Sensex closed 1.19 per cent lower at 28,119.40, while the broader Nifty ended down 1.17 per cent at 8,438.25.
Infosys shares led the losses. The stock fell 4.8 per cent, its biggest single-day fall since May 29, after some of the company's founders sold shares worth $1.1 billion.
The founders and their families sold 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of Rs 1,988.87 each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close.
Metals and mining stocks fell after China's imports shrank unexpectedly in November while export growth slowed, fuelling concerns the world's second-largest economy could be facing a sharper slowdown. Tata Steel closed down 2 per cent, Hindalco Industries ended 2.5 per cent lower while Sesa Sterlite fell 3.7 per cent. Some recent outperformers also closed lower. Mahindra and Mahindra, which gained 5.4 per cent in the past 10 sessions, closed down 3.5 per cent.
Banks also fell on profit-taking. State Bank of India closed down 1.5 per cent after gaining 18.9 per cent in November. ICICI Bank ended 1.7 per cent lower. It was up 7.9 per cent in the previous month.
Among the gainers, ITC closed 1.7 per cent higher, adding to its 2.1 per cent gain in the previous session after reports the government was rethinking a potential ban on the sale of loose cigarettes.
Shares in Dolphin Offshore gained 4.7 per cent after its Mexican client extended a contract with the company for three more years.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Delhi court convicts 4 people in 40-year-old ex-railway minister LN Mishra murder case47
1
New Delhi: A Delhi court on Monday convicted four people in a case relating to the murder of former railway minister LN Mishra at a function in Bihar nearly 40 years ago.
The court has fixed December 15 for hearing arguments on the quantum of punishment.
The case relates to the bomb blast at a function attended by Mishra at Samastipur Railway Station on January 2, 1975. He succumbed to injuries the next day.
The case relates to the bomb blast at a function attended by Mishra at Samastipur Railway Station on January 2, 1975.
#delhi court #ln mishra #ln mishra murder case #railways minister
Over 200 witnesses, including 161 prosecution witnesses and more than 40 defence witnesses, were examined in the case.
Advocate Ranjan Dwivedi, who was 24-year-old at that time, was named as an accused along with four Ananda Marga group members, one of whom has died.
Apart from Dwivedi, three other accused in the case are Santoshananda Avadhuta, Sudevananda Avadhuta and Gopalji.
The accused had earlier approached the Supreme Court for quashing of the trial against them in the murder case. The apex court had on August 17, 2012 dismissed their pleas on the ground that the proceedings could not be quashed merely because they had not been concluded in the last 37 years.
The chargesheet in the case was filed on November 1, 1977 in a CBI court in Patna. The case was shifted to Delhi in 1979 on a plea by the then Attorney General to the apex court.
Except Gopalji, all those listed in the chargesheet in Mishra murder case were also named as accused in an attempt to murder case related to the bid on the life of then Chief Justice of India AN Ray in Delhi on March 20, 1975.
18

Sensex drops 339 points to end at 2-week low; Infosys falls 5%Sensex drops 339 points to end at 2-week low; Infosys falls 5%
Surabhi Roy | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 03:43 PM IST
Benchmark share indices ended over 1% lower on Monday weighed down by selling pressure in Infosys after four co-founders sold part of their stake in the IT major.
The 30-share Sensex ended down 339 points at 28,119 and the 50-share Nifty closed 100 points lower at 8,438. The Sensex and the Nifty touched an intra-day low of 28,097 mark and 8,432, respectively. .
The broader markets ended weak in-line with the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices fell 0.9-1.2%. The market breadth in BSE ended dismal with 1,790 shares declining and 1,157 shares declining.
“Profit booking continued for another session today with the Sensex losing 338 points. Weak European markets also aided the selloff. The broader market was also weak as suggested by the negative market breadth. We await the IIP numbers and the inflation data in the current week. If the data is strong and reflective of improving economic growth, then the market correction could be contained,” said Sanjeev Zarbade, Vice President- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Meanwhile, the foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 109.45 crore on Friday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
At 15:30PM, the rupee was trading weaker at 61.90 vs Friday's 61.77/78 close on the back of robust payrolls data.
Further, even as India was looking to it for a rating upgrade, Moody’s Investors Service on Monday restricted its talks to outlook on the economy’s grade, which is at the lowest investment level at present.
KEY EVENTS IN FOCUS
Traders will watch the proceedings of the winter session of parliament for cues. Some progress on reform-centric legislative proposals is expected.
Key macro-economic data, wholesale and consumer price inflation data for November 2014 and industrial output data for October 2014 is scheduled to be released on Friday.
ASIAN MARKETS
Japanese stocks edged up to a 7-1/2-year high on Monday as a downward revision in third quarter GDP figures was offset by the weak yen and optimism over the U.S. economy after it had strong jobs data.
The Nikkei benchmark ended 0.1% higher at 17,935.64, the highest closing price since July 2007. In early trade, the Nikkei touched 18,030.83. The broader Topix gained 0.1% to 1,447.58, while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 also advanced 0.1% to 13,148.44.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE IT index slumped by over 3% followed by counters like Capital Goods, Realty, Auto, Banks, Consumer Durables and Metal, all dropping between 1-2%. Meanwhile, defensive counter FMCG ended higher by nearly 1%. Metal stocks ended lower tracking weak China data.
Shares of information technology (IT) companies ended weak on the bourses with the NSE CNX IT index down over 3% or 360 points at 11,176 dragged by Infosys after partial stake sale by promoters.
Infosys, TCS, HCL Technologies, KPIT Technologies, Hexaware Technologies, CMC and Mindtree ended down 3-5% on NSE.
Infosys, the largest loser among IT pack, ended down nearly 5% to Rs 1,971, its lowest level since October 31, on NSE after the company its founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, and their family members sold a combined nearly 33 million shares of the company through open market.
Sesa Sterlite ended nearly 4% down after brokerage house Bank of America Merrill has cut its earnings estimates and also the price target, citing falling crude and iron ore prices.
Other prominent losers were M&M, Dr Reddy’s Labs, Hindalco, BHEL and L&T, all dropping between 2-3%.
On the gaining side, Coal India was the top Sensex gainer, up over 2%. According to media reports, Coal India has requested the government to re-allot the two coal blocks in Odisha which it had lost following the Supreme Court's order to cancel allocation of 214 coal blocks.
ITC gained close to 1.5%. It has become the second-most valuable Indian company, surpassing refineries giants- Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and Reliance Industries - in overall market capitalization (m-cap) ranking.
Sun Pharma, Cipla, ONGC and Bharti Airtel were other notable gainers from the Sensex 30 pack.
Among other shares, Thangamayil Jewellery soared 16% to end at Rs 222 on the NSE, after SBI Mutual Fund bought stake in jewellery maker through open market purchase.
SpiceJet shares dropped 5% to end at Rs 15 on the BSE. The carrier cut its fleet by about a third in September and will operate 22-24 Boeing planes until at least the middle of next year, its CEO said Friday.   

Delhi s Uber ban not the answer  policy may be at faultDelhi's Uber ban not the answer, policy may be at fault
Nivedita Mookerji | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 02:28 PM IST
There’s something just not right about our policy guidelines. How else can you explain the stringent security conditions imposed on a foreign telecom service provider when it wants to operate in India, or the domestic riders that a multinational retailer has to deal with when it seeks to set up stores in the country? Even other infrastructure sectors including roads and shipping face several policy hurdles when foreign companies set up operations. All that, while an international cab platform is permitted to set up business without any policy barrier. 
In the case of Uber, the US-based on-the-go cab service that is valued at $40 billion, Delhi Police was prompt in arresting the driver accused of raping a woman who had booked a taxi using the company’s app and the government has been equally quick in banning the service in Delhi. But, it is actually a larger issue that the government must address. The answer may lie in the policy domain.                
If there are conditions and riders attached to foreign investment policies across many other sectors like telecom, infrastructure and retail, why not have some safeguards (and not just in terms of making payments) for cab platforms as well? In fact, security conditions must be much more tough for an international cab platform, America’s Uber being one such, because it deals with safety of thousands of Indians who rely on its service and also pay a premium for the value it claims to offer. 
There have been numerous cases in the telecom sector when companies from Europe, West Asia and China have failed the litmus test (read security conditions) at the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) —  the gateway for most foreign direct investment coming into the country. For instance, when Norway-based telecom service provider Telenor wanted to get a new partner for India in 2012, it was told to come back with clarity in its proposal. The concerns raised related to security — FIPB did not just want to know where the investment was coming from, but it wanted to ensure that the chief technical officer and chief security officer of the venture were Indian citizens. Also, in case the chairman, managing director, CEO or CFO were foreign nationals, they would be security checked on a yearly basis by the Ministry of Home Affairs.  
More recently, Sistema Shyam Teleservices hit the security hurdle when Russian conglomerate Sistema sought to raise its stake in its India unit beyond 74 per cent. Even Vodafone’s plan to fully own the India unit last year was delayed over security matters, before it got a go-ahead. Chinese companies such as ZTE and Huawei have faced security-linked issues routinely even while providing equipment to state-owned service provider Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) through tender processes. Blackberry, the phone service that was a favourite with top executives till some years ago, had to get an India server to satisfy Indian authorities on security issues.                     
And despite retail not being a security-sensitive sector, policies for the sector have been tailored with multiple dos and donts. While allowing 51 per cent FDI in multi-brand or supermarket retailing, the government wanted companies like Walmart, Tesco, Carrefour and others to source at least 30% from small and medium scale units in India, a condition that these chains found stifling enough to stay away. Carrefour, which had a wholesale operation in India, has already exited the country. 
Other conditions include population criteria as well as how much investment must go into backend and how much into front end. Besides every state has a say in whether to permit FDI or not in multi-brand. The current NDA government is anyway opposed to FDI in retail, as it may snatch away jobs from local neighbourhood stores or kiranas—considered a votebank for the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party.
As for the job loss theory linked to the riders in retail FDI, the government surely knows that operations of Uber and the like threaten the many traditional neighbourhood taxi services that one grew up knowing. That Uber does not even have a headquarter in India to call its own, or an India head to take ownership of an incident as grave as rape of a woman while she was on a taxi hired from its platform, is unpardonable. 

Federer  Sampras  Djokovic spice up bland Indian tennis sceneFederer, Sampras, Djokovic spice up bland Indian tennis scene
Surajeet Dasgupta |  Dec 08, 2014 02:09 PM IST
The three days carnival called International Premier Tennis League (IPTL), replicates the festival atmosphere just like IPL. So  the DJs are busy playing loud Punjabi film hits after every set, kids continue to shout 'Roger Roger', even after the referee has put on the silence bell. And there is a huge rush in the dinner lounge where drinks, potato chips and even Italian food is on offer for those who have the privelege to be sitting in the corporate boxes.
But for Indians, especially thousands of young aspiring tennis aspirants,  who are starved of watching any major international tennis tournaments live, this is a life time opportunity. After all India is not in the big grand slam network at all. 
For  many of the young boys and girls who play tennis, there was disbelief and euphoria that they were being able to see their dream players in action in a stadia- Roger Federer, Peter Sampras and Novak Djokovic in the centre court under one roof in a single day. Or when they would see the clash of the titans –when Federer will take on Djokovic in the singles today.  Or just being a ball boy or girl to closely watch the masters of the game play. 
That IPTL has been able to attract enthusiasts to come to the stadia to see a match, rather than on TV is reflected in the fact that nearly three fourths of the Indira Gandhi Indoor stadium in Delhi was full on the second day, despite the fact that ticket prices were very steep from Rs 3,000 to Rs 60,000 a piece. But tennis is not a poor man’s game either and for many parents who had bought in their kids aspiring to be the next tennis star –it was also a reiteration that choosing sports over just studies was not a bad choice. 
But can IPTL be India’s answer to what IPL was to cricket? If industry is to be believed, the organisers have been able to rustle up around Rs 20 crore from sponsors. This includes title sponsors like Coke for the global tournament which is being held in four countries. But it has also paid large sums to the star players like Federer (Rs 7 crore ) and the total amount forked out on players is around Rs 25 crore. 
But fundamentally the two are different. IPL through the eight city teams within India has been able to create and nuture loyal fan followers within their locations. 
IPTL is a global tennis event with just one Indian team  (other teams are from Singapore, UAE  and Manila). And the Indian team also has only one Indian star in Sania Mirza, while its star players are  Federer and Sampras. Fans are coming to see matches not due to loyalty to the Indian team but to see their stars at play even if Novak is playing for a rival team. So the Micromax Indian Aces team hardly will have any large loyal fan base. 
Two, IPL makes over Rs 725 crore from selling television rights with millions glued to their TV sets and that is the big source for money for the tournament organisers BCCI.  In IPTL, tennis fans are already exposed to  the best global tennis tournaments in the world which are beamed live in India. So their expectation from IPTL is different: it is to see their stars live in a stadia. That explains why Star TV has forked out a nominal amount to get the broadcasting rights.
In simple terms, IPTL is a carnival of the world’s best players in tennis. They obviously won’t be playing their best in the tournament which is outside the ranking calendar. But for many in the country this is perhaps the only opportunity to dance with the stars.      

Eurozone bond markets position for QEEurozone bond markets position for QE
Andrew Bolger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/19d6553e-7c88-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SBI: RoE set to pick up on lower costs  higher growthSBI: RoE set to pick up on lower costs, higher growth
Malini Bhupta | Mumbai 8 December Dec 08, 2014 09:36 PM IST
Investors remain wary of public sector banks because of their stressed assets and weak capital structures. However, State Bank of India (SBI) could be an exception, say analysts. The return on equity is 10 per cent, half of some leading private banks. Investors believe the new management at SBI has taken several measures to set its house in order, which would improve the bank's returns ratio to 12-15 per cent in their benefits flow coming years from 10 per cent now.
Recapitalisation and the possibility of a massive dilution have been a big overhang for most of these banks but SBI is relatively better placed. The bank raised Rs 8,000 crore through qualified institutional placement earlier this year and has the option of raising tier-I capital bonds to augment its capital structure. IDBI Capital says: “Unlike most peers, the capital adequacy position for SBI has been better.” In case credit demand picks up in 2015, SBI is well placed to grow its loan book, as it is well capitalised. The tier-I capital ratio is 10.1 per cent, which analysts believe is healthy and will allow the bank to grow. The bank also has a strong deposit franchise, of which the current account savings account ratio is 43 per cent.
Other than adequate capital, SBI’s return ratios are also expected to improve. The bank is working to improve employee productivity and curtail overhead costs. IDBI Capital expects the operating cost to income ratio to drop to 49 per cent by FY16. A pick-up in credit growth would also boost fee income. Kotak Institutional Equities believes the bank's return on assets would surprise the markets, for three reasons. First, SBI’s revenue growth might see the benefit of stronger performance from non-interest income. Second, the loan loss provision might ease significantly. Finally, costs can surprise positively, too. Kotak Institutional Equities believes the bank is seeing a large number of employees replaced by relatively inexpensive ones and, importantly, their benefits from defined contribution.
The bank’s stressed assets continue to be a problem, despite the upside risks. In the past two quarters, SBI has shown mild improvement in slippages and fresh non-performing assets. According to Sharekhan, the stressed loans are 6.1 per cent of the total, better than the other public sector banks.Going ahead, analysts expect the bank to benefit from 5/25 scheme (as per the recent monetary policy announcement).

Rupee Ends Weaker at 61.83You are here: Home Market
Rupee Ends Weaker at 61.83, Tracking Broad Dollar Rally
Reuters | Updated On: December 08, 2014 18:18 (IST)
Sensex Slumps 2%; Weakening Rupee Challenges Rate Cut Hopes
The rupee weakened on Monday after a robust monthly US employment data sparked a global rally in the dollar and raised worries that any earlier-than-expected hike in US interest rates could dent foreign flows to emerging markets.
The partially convertible rupee closed weaker at 61.83/84 per dollar, down 0.1 percent from its Friday's close of 61.77/78.
Data on Friday showed US employers added the largest number of workers in nearly three years in November, a sign of economic strength that was seen as potentially pushing the Federal Reserve towards a rate hike in mid-2015.
Foreign investors have been key backers of the rally in domestic shares and bonds this year, making them critical for the outlook for domestic markets.
The rupee was also weighed down after shares posted their biggest falls in 7-1/2 weeks and after some founders of Infosys Ltd sold shares worth $1.1 billion in India's second-largest IT services exporter.
"The USD strengthening across the board weighed but there were good inflows to help limit rupee's fall. There was also some profit-taking seen in stocks after the Infosys share sale, which also hurt the rupee," said Hari Chandramgethen, head of forex trading at South Indian Bank.
Traders said the rupee would remain in a tight range ahead of retail inflation and industrial production data due on Friday evening.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 62.16, while the three-month was at 62.76.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

5 Methods To Expand Your Business In India5 Methods To Expand Your Business In India
Griffin ready if called uponBy Mike Jones December 8 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Washington Redskins quarterbacks Robert Griffin III, left, and Colt McCoy on the bench during the first half of an NFL football game against the Indianapolis Colts Sunday, Nov. 30, 2014, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
Robert Griffin III said he will not lobby for the start next week when the Redskins play the New York Giants. He will remain ready, however, if he gets the call.
Griffin – benched two weeks ago after three ineffective starts – played the final two minutes of the 24-0 loss to the St. Louis Rams when Colt McCoy left with a strained neck. He completed three of four passes for 33 yards.
The move came as a surprise to Griffin, whose name the fans began to chant after McCoy and the offensive unit’s struggles extend into the third quarter.
“I didn’t know if I was going to get an opportunity,” Griffin said. “It’s not my focus. My focus is to help this team win all week, helping the defense and then being ready to play if I’m called upon.”
Gruden said he didn’t consider benching McCoy prior to the injury.
“I think when you start a game and there’s five minutes to go in the game, and you’re playing against the Rams and it’s 24-0, I don’t think it’s fair to throw another quarterback in there and throw him to the wolves,” Gruden explained. “I think Colt wanted to finish the drive and try to get something going positively at the end of the game.”
Gruden said he hadn’t decided who would start at quarterback next week. Part of his decision has to do with uncertainty over McCoy’s health. The quarterback left FedEx Field after the game and went to a nearby hospital for additional testing.
But the struggles exhibited by McCoy on Sunday (20 for 32 for 199 yards, two interceptions) represented a regression from last week’s 390-yard, three-touchdown performance against Indianapolis. That also could prompt Gruden to consider changing quarterbacks again.
“We’ve got to look at Colt and see how his neck is doing and then look at the tape and see what happened as far as the production is concerned,” Gruden said. “You know, one of the reasons we took out Robert in the first place is the lack of production on offense. We brought Colt in here and he did some good things last week and this week, same thing – no production, so to speak. But, I’ve got to look at the film and try to make a judgment on the quarterback situation. All we’re trying to do – we’re all searching for answers in the building. We’re trying to find out who can lead us to victories and who can get this offense on a roll. That obviously is still to be determined.”
Griffin said he will leave the decision up to Gruden.
“If he decides to put me in, I’m ready to go, but I am not going to undermine anybody else or be that player because that’s not who I am,” he said.
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered Tuesday in the  Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Seven Israeli IT companies explore collaborations in BengaluruSeven Israeli IT companies explore collaborations in Bengaluru
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bengaluru, December 8:  
The Israel Export and International Cooperation Institute led IT seven member delegation from Israel showcased their products and services in Bengaluru.
The Israeli Consul General in Bengalaru Menahem Kanafi and Israeli Consul for Trade and Economic Affairs Avi Friedman provided an opportunity to the Israeli companies to network with their Indian counterparts and explore collaborations.
Speaking at the interactive meet, Kanafi said "While governments and public bodies can do their best to encourage and provide incentives for international business, in the final analysis it is only the businesses themselves who can forge the relationships that bolster trade. Israel is a world leader in the fields of hi-tech, IT and telecoms, so it is only natural that Bengaluru would be the place for the birth of partnerships with Indian enterprises."
The companies which took part were: Checkmarx Suite -- a source code analysis (SCA) solution provider, designed for identifying, tracking and fixing security flaws from the root: the source code.
Elbit Systems -- an international defence electronics company engaged in a wide range of programs throughout the world.
e-Paper -- a comprehensive printing management and control system that addresses the problems of waste and security.
GegeIT -- a software development, utilities, monitoring and control for the iSeries system which allows the users to be updated and alert 24/7 on the computer activities.
Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) -- a globally recognized leader in the development and production of systems for the defence and commercial markets. IAI offers unique solutions for a broad spectrum of requirements in space, air, land, sea and cyber.
SentryCom -- Internet attacks disrupt Business-to-Consumer (B2C) interactions. These disruptions include Consumer-to-Business transactions and Business-to-Consumer data communications.
TwoTeam Computers -- 2Team focuses on developing innovative and unique software solutions to serve the insurance and finance market.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Small Investors Add Fuel to China s Big Stock BoomIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Morning Plum: Hey Democrats  whats your Plan BBy Greg Sargent December 8 Follow @theplumlinegs
Senator Mary Landrieu’s defeat in the Louisiana runoff over the weekend has unleashed a barrage of headlines proclaiming that, as the Wall Street Journal puts it , “the South is now almost a Democrat-free zone.” This has renewed a years-long debate among Democrats over whether it is time to give up on the South.
Mike Tomasky makes a rather aggressive and pointed case for cutting the South loose :
Trying to win Southern seats is not worth the ideological cost for Democrats….the Democratic Party cannot (and I’d say should not) try to calibrate its positions to placate Southern mores…
It’s lost. It’s gone. A different country…the Democratic Party shouldn’t bother trying. If they get no votes from the region, they will in turn owe it nothing, and in time the South, which is the biggest welfare moocher in the world in terms of the largesse it gets from the more advanced and innovative states, will be on its own, which is what Southerners always say they want anyway.
I don’t feel strongly about this debate either way, but I would add this: If there is one thing Democrats should be focused on winning back, it’s not necessarily the South; it’s control on the state level. Dem losses on that level, and the difficulties in reversing them, could have important long term consequences for future redistricting — and, by extension, Dem chances of taking back the House in the near future.
The Cook Political report has two articles crunching election numbers that should alarm Democrats. The first reports : “Today, about 55 percent of all state legislative seats in the country are held by Republicans. That’s the largest share of GOP state legislators since the 1920s.” What’s more, that piece notes, even in battleground states that Obama carried in 2012 — “Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Florida — Dems are “in the minority at the legislative and congressional level.”
The second Cook piece reports in a new way on the difficulties Democrats face in winning back the House. The 2014 election, notes Dave Wasserman, revealed what has been wrought by the combination of population distribution and redistricting, which has wasted untold numbers of Dem votes by packing them inefficiently into districts in ways that game the national House map to the GOP’s advantage. The result: While Dems won 47.1 percent of the popular vote, they only won 43.2 percent of seats, suggesting that “Democrats might expect to consistently receive about four percent fewer seats than votes.”
As Wasserman notes, that will make it harder, not easier, to win back the House, unless Democrats can develop “a long-term strategy for winning more gubernatorial races and legislative seats to put less GOP-friendly maps in place by 2022.” Wasserman concludes: “What Democrats really need is a long-term plan.”
Yet the incoming DCCC chair, Ben Ray Lujan, sounded a bit casual about the party’s long term prospects in an interview with Scott Bland . He suggested improved field operations and the presidential year demographics of 2016 will go a long way towards helping win back the 30 seats (!) Dems need to retake the House, even though it seems obvious some redistricting success will be necessary.
So here’s my (non-rhetorical) question: Are Democrats focused enough on this problem? Should they be doing more thinking about how to address it? After all, if Democrats can’t seriously improve the prospects of winning back the House, the current plan for holding power on the national level and preventing total GOP control of the White House and Congress, as Brian Beutler recently noted , is basically for Hillary Clinton to win the White House.
Again, non-rhetorically: Is there be a Plan B here?
****************************************************
* HILLARY LEADS ALL GOP CHALLENGERS: It’s probably too early to start talking about 2016 polling. Still: A new Bloomberg poll finds Hillary Clinton leading a number of GOP challengers by anywhere from six to 13 points.
Clinton’s lead over GOP candidates who may be more mainstream (Jeb Bush, Chris Christie, Mitt Romney) is smaller (she leads all three by six points) than it is over Rand Paul (eight points) or Ted Cruz (13 points). So obviously, the GOP’s only hope of winning the White House is to nominate a real conservative like Ted Cruz.
* HILLARY’S WORK FOR OBAMA SEEN AS PLUS: More interesting findings from the Bloomberg poll : 59 percent say that Clinton’s work in the Obama administration is an “advantage,” versus 39 percent who see it as a “disadvantage.” Americans overwhelmingly see her tenure as Secretary of State as an advantage, 77-22.
GOP operatives have telegraphed that they will claim a Clinton presidency will equal an Obama “third term,” and they will likely use her service for him to make the case, turning her experience as Secretary of State into a liability. The question is whether voters will make the leap Republicans are instructing them to make.
* GOP NEEDS DEMS TO AVOID SHUTDOWN: This week, House Republicans will vote on a measure funding most of the government for a year, while funding Homeland Security (which funds immigration enforcement) only until February, to stage a confrontation to roll back Obama’s deportation relief. But do Republicans have the votes, once conservatives defecxt? David Drucker reports :
Senior GOP aides believe potential defections will reach no more than 40, with House Democrats providing the rest of the votes. The bipartisan mix is deemed politically acceptable to House Speaker John Boehner, who wants to avoid a poisonous intra-caucus clash only weeks before the new Congress is seated.
Okay, so Republicans do think they need at least some Democrats to keep the government open. That should mean House GOP leaders will not be able to attach anything to the funding bill that would undermine Obama’s action.
 * GOP TO CAVE ON DEPORTATIONS (FOR NOW): As I suggest above, the Associated Press reports that Republicans will vote to fund the government “without additional immigration-related controversy” and “without tying it to any immediate change in immigration policy.”
But GOP leaders promise they will take the fight to Obama tyranny next year, by golly!
* GOP CLAIMS ABOUT OBAMA AND DEBT DEBUNKED: Glenn Kessler takes apart RNC chair Reince Priebus’ claim that Obama has “the worst record of any president when it comes to putting America deeper in debt.” As Kessler puts it: “when the numbers are placed in context, the national debt grew faster under Reagan than it has under Obama.”
Faster than under Saint Ronald Reagan? Nothing to see here. Such claims about debt under Obama will probably be key to Republican efforts to attack Hillary Clinton, so get ready to hear a lot of this stuff, debunked or not.
* RELEASE THE TORTURE REPORT: NBC News reports :
Senior intelligence officials briefed the White House and Congress that there was a “heightened potential” that releasing the so-called Senate “torture report” could provoke violence overseas, a senior intelligence official told NBC News.
Secretary of State John Kerry called Senate Intelligence Committee chair Dianne Feinstein to raise concerns about the timing of the release of the report into Bush-era CIA torture and rendition. It is expected to be released this week, however. The alternative would be waiting until the GOP controls the Senate.
* AND GOP ‘REWARDED’ FOR HURTING ECONOMY: Paul Krugman looks at the good economic news and notes that the recovery would have been a lot more robust if it weren’t for scorched earth GOP opposition and deep cuts to government spending and employment:
At this point we have enough data points to compare the job recovery under President Obama with the job recovery under former President George W. Bush…by any measure you might choose — but especially if you compare rates of job creation in the private sector — the Obama recovery has been stronger and faster …we can now say with confidence that the recovery’s weakness had nothing to do with Mr. Obama’s (falsely) alleged anti-business slant. What it reflected, instead, was the damage done by government paralysis — paralysis that has, alas, richly rewarded the very politicians who caused it.
 
 
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Centre eases norms for cotton exportCentre eases norms for cotton export
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 8:  
The government today relaxed export norms for cotton and cotton yarn, doing away with the need to register contracts, to help boost outbound shipments of the commodity.
In a notification, Director General of Foreign Trade (DGFT) said the registration requirement for export contracts of cotton and cotton yarn “has been dispensed with“.
The move is likely to help stabilise domestic cotton prices, which have fallen below the minimum support price (MSP) in some producing states due to sluggish export demand and bumper domestic production this year.
According to the USDA report, India — the world’s second—biggest producer of cotton — is likely to export 7.69 million bales of the fibre in 2014—15 marketing year (August— July), down by 35 per cent from last year due to sluggish demand from China.
China is the top cotton export market for India, followed by Bangladesh and Pakistan.
Before easing export norms, the Centre had asked the Cotton Corporation of India to procure cotton from farmers in 11 states as the rates have fallen below the MSP in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Maharashtra.
“During the current cotton season 2014—15, prices of cotton are below MSP in the states of Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Maharashtra,” Minister of State for Agriculture Mohanbhai Kundaria had said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha recently.
CCI has initiated action for procurement of cotton from growers at MSP in 341 centres located in 92 districts in 11 cotton growing states, he had said.
CCI is the government’s nodal agency for procuring cotton at MSP, which is currently Rs 4,050/quintal for long staple.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Brent crude slides to 5-year low© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eaa297ce-7eca-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ranji Trophy: After Shunham Khajurias maiden ton  J&K bowlers push Mumbai to theropesBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 8, 2014 8:18 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 8:21 pm
Jammu and Kashmir opener Shubham Khajuria compiled his maiden first-class century before former champions Mumbai bounced back to dismiss the visitors for 254 in the first innings on day two of their four-day Group A Ranji Trophy match.
J&K could take just 18-run first innings lead.
But before close of play, J&K hit back again to reduce the 40-time champions to a miserable 66 for four in the second
innings, ahead by only 48 runs with two days left.
Medium pacers Ram Dayal, who picked up three wickets in the first innings with his disciplined bowling, bagged two more in the second, while fellow-seam bowler Umar Nazir claimed the other two Mumbai wickets.
At stumps after an absorbing day’s play, Mumbai captain Suryakumar Yadav (17) and night watchman Dhawal Kulkarni (1) were at the crease with seasoned Wasim Jaffer, who suffered a hairline fracture while fielding, left to bat.
In the morning Khajuria, who began the day on 47 with teammate Bandeep Singh (34) in an overnight team score of 88 for one in reply to Mumbai’s paltry 236, saw his partner depart in the fourth over.
But Khajuria continued his good work to reach his century with a six over long on off Vishal Dabholkar.
He was run out for a well-made 107 off 215 balls after a six-hour vigil during which he struck four sixes and 12 fours.
His dismissal triggered a dramatic collapse as J&K lost eight wickets for the addition of just 51 runs, including the
last five for one run, to be dismissed for 254.
The visitors, sitting pretty at 203 for two soon after lunch when Khajuria was run out by a direct hit at the striker’s end stumps, folded up at the stroke of tea with their last five wickets polished off by Mumbai’s left arm spinners Dabholkar (3/30) and Iqbal Abdullah (2/47).
Dabholkar took three wickets for one run in nine balls. He also took the wicket of second-best scorer Ian Chauhan
(70), who along with Khajuria add 98 for the third wicket.
Mumbai could even have taken the lead if they had held on to their catches. Khajuria was let off on 69 by Dabholkar and on 104 by Jaffer, while Obaid Haroon was also reprieved.
Brief scores: Mumbai: 236 & 66 for 4 (Ram Dayal 2/31, Umar Nazir 2/8) J&K: 254 all out (Shubham Khajuria 107, Ian Chauhan 70; Vishal Dabholkar 3/30, Dhawal Kulkarni 2/47, Iqbal Abdullah 2/47).
Tamil Nadu close in on Karnataka total
India discard Abhinav Mukund and captain Ramaswamy Prasanna’s crucial half century knocks helped Tamil Nadu seize control on the second day of their Ranji Trophy Group A match against Karnataka at Chinnaswamy stadium.
In reply to Karnataka’s first innings total of 290 all out, Tamil Nadu ended the second day’s play at 240 for five, still trailing by 50 runs, with Prasanna batting on 51 in company of right-hand batsman Vijay Shankar on 18.
In the entire day, TN could add just 218 runs to their overnight 22 for continued…

Taj Mahal controversy: Its a property of ASI  cant be given to Waqf board  saysBJPBy: Press Trust of India | Balrampur |
Posted: December 8, 2014 8:17 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 10:07 pm
Uttar Pradesh BJP President Laxmikant Bajpai on Monday said the Taj Mahal cannot be handed over to Waqf board as the monument belongs to the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI).
“Shahjahan had purchased it. It cannot be handed over to Waqf board because it is the property of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) which was handed over by British Government in 1920 to it,” he told mediapersons.
The state BJP chief was commenting over the statement of Uttar Pradesh Minister and senior SP leader Azam Khan who demanded to hand over the Taj Mahal to Waqf board.
On November 13, Khan had said that the Taj Mahal, one of the wonders of the world, should be declared a property of the state’s Waqf Board.
Bajpai told reporters on Sunday that Mughal emperor Shah Jahan “purchased a part of Tejo Mahalaya temple’s land from Raja Jai Singh” and claimed that documents to prove it still exist.

Fuel to the fire Fuel exports soar under ObamaFuel to the fire? Fuel exports soar under Barack Obama
AP Dec 8, 2014, 07.45PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Pollution linked to global…)
GARDISUGDUP: Solar panels glisten from every thatched hut on this crowded island, one of the largest in this remote chain off the Panamanian coast. But the tiny emblems of green energy offer no hope against climate change.
They have helped the island's Guna people reduce what was already a minuscule carbon footprint. The Guna cook with clean-burning gas. They use a small amount of diesel fuel to power fishing boats and a generator that lights bare bulbs dangling above dirt floors after sunset. They own one of the most pristine stretches of tropical rainforest in Panama, cleansing the atmosphere of carbon dioxide naturally.
But larger forces threaten to uproot them, stemming from the failure by the rest of the world to rein in carbon emissions.
Pollution linked to global warming keep rising even though the world's two largest carbon polluters have pledged to combat climate change, with the US committing to deeper cuts and China saying its emissions will stop growing by 2030.
It's a dangerous trajectory the US is stoking with record exports of dirty fuels, even as it reduces the pollution responsible for global warming at home.
The carbon embedded in those exports helps the US meet its political goals by taking it off its pollution balance sheet. But it doesn't necessarily help the planet.
That's because the US is sending more dirty fuel than ever to other parts of the world, where efforts to address the resulting pollution are just getting underway, if advancing at all. While the exported fuel has gotten cleaner, in the case of diesel, about 20 percent of the exports are too dirty to burn here.
For the Guna, as carbon rises, so will the seas that imperil them. Several communities have plans to relocate to the mainland, fleeing severe floods and storms that have drowned some islands and divided others in half.
``We conserve. Others consume,'' said Guillermo Archibold, an agronomist and former delegate to the Guna tribal congress.
Under President Barack Obama, the US has reduced more carbon pollution from energy than any other nation, about 475 million tons between 2008 and 2013, according to US Energy Department data.
Less than one-fifth of that amount came from burning less gasoline and diesel, primarily in vehicles. But an Associated Press analysis of the data shows that US exports of gasoline and diesel more than made up for the savings at home in pollution abroad, releasing roughly more than 1 billion tons of carbon pollution into the atmosphere elsewhere during the same period.
``It's a false image,'' said Onel Masardule of the Indigenous People's Biocultural Climate Change Assessment Initiative, a Peru-based environmental group that recently studied the Guna and climate change. ``In reality, the US is still contaminating.''
Among the recipients is Panama, where imports of diesel and gasoline from the US have nearly quadrupled since 2008.
Panama is the largest recipient of diesel fuel that is dirtier and more carbon-laden than would be allowed in engines in the US, but the fuel ends up in cars and trucks that don't have the same efficiency standards and are not regularly inspected and maintained, an AP investigation has found. Panama's requirement that drivers test emissions, including for carbon dioxide, are almost completely ignored.
This fossil fuel trade has soared under Obama as he has overseen a domestic boom in oil and natural gas production and ordered the biggest increases in fuel economy in history.
In 2010, the US still imported more products refined from oil than it exported. A year later, it was a bigger exporter than importer, the first time that happened since 1949. In 2012, these products were the single largest US export, worth $117 billion, according to US Commerce Department figures.
The boom has helped the US reduce oil imports and create jobs in oil fields and ports. Without it, the Obama administration would be much further from a goal to double US exports. The trade deficit would be wider.
But for global warming, it means that, at the very least, the US is making a smaller dent than it claims on global warming.
In the case of gasoline and diesel, the US is exporting far more abroad than it has reduced in domestic consumption in recent years through steps such as efficiency standards and blending gasoline with ethanol.
``This is their hidden success story that they would like to keep hidden,'' said Kevin Book, a Washington, D.C.-based energy analyst. Since 2012, he has been a member of the National Petroleum Council, an advisory group selected by the US energy secretary.
``It has done a lot to improve our balance of trade standing, but it is not the most climate friendly way to do it. There is no way to avoid that there is a bigger emissions impact when you have more to combust,'' Book said.

Delhi rape: Forgery case to be slapped against accused over fake character certificate1
1
New Delhi: A case of forgery is likely to be registered against Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, accused of raping a woman professional in Delhi, as city Police begins to probe the issuance of his driving license and character certificate.
The alleged character certificate, which was doing the rounds on internet and widely quoted on TV reports gave a clean chit to the accused Shiv Kumar Yadav, who was also accused in a similar rape case in 2011 and had even spent seven months in Tihar jail. He was later acquitted in the case.
The certificate was issued with the signature of an Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police (Southeast) in August this year, saying Yadav was not involved in any criminal case as per the records of Ambedkar Nagar Police Station.
#delhi #uber cab driver #rape #uber cab rape
Police suspect that the certificate was forged by Yadav or he may have procured it from somewhere and submitted to Uber to get him and his cab attached to the company.
Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi told reporters that on the date and place mentioned in the certificate, the officer was not posted there. "I would like to inform you that we have got information that the date on which the said certificate was issued, the officer, whose signature are on the certificate, was not posted there. So, prima facie this antecedent's verification certificate is fake. An FIR has been registered to ensure a proper inquiry into the matter of forgery and cheating on the basis of the certificate," he said.
DCP (Southeast) Mandeep Singh Randhawa has been asked to probe the matter and give a report in this connection by Bassi.
Asked whether people will raise fingers at Delhi Police, which has been accusing Uber of flouting norms, Bassi said, "I don't go by what is being said by others." "We are conducting an investigation, our investigation... and in our investigation if we find people at fault, action will be taken," he said.
Yadav, who was driving the Uber cab, allegedly raped the woman at around 9:30 PM on Friday when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was heading back home in north Delhi's Inderlok area.
After a massive search, involving 12 Delhi police teams, in Mathura and other parts of Uttar Pradesh, Yadav was arrested last evening and brought to Delhi. He was produced in a local court which sent him to three days police custody for interrogation and recovery of a mobile phone.
(With inputs from PTI)

Bhopal gas tragedy: How it happened23
0
Bhopal: Thirty years after the catastrophic leak of lethal Methyl Isocyanate from the Carbide plant in Bhopal, T R Chouhan who was the Chemical Plant Operator and in charge of storage tank 610 till November 25, 1984, returns to its crumbling remains to tell us how India's worst industrial disaster was waiting to happen. Chouhan says that the Carbide plant in Bhopal was inferior to a similar plant of Union Carbide Corporation in West Virgina in terms of design, technology and training of personnel. He recalls that the many instances of toxic gas leaks in the early eighties in the plant did not lead to greater vigilance.  He even says that a simple measure like a long siren that should have gone off to warn the local community that something abnormal had happened in the plant was muted on the night of December 2, 1984! A former worker of UCIL, Chouhan hopes that by telling and re-telling the story, he would be an agent of truth and justice. Excerpts from the interview:
How it happened
Chouhan: Tank no 610 was not lying like this on the fateful night of December 2-3, 1984. After disaster, (in January 1985) CBI people dug out the tank to check the gross weight so that they can minus the net weight to calculate how much is remaining inside the tank. That night, this tank was containing 42 tonnes of liquid Methyl Isocyanate ( MIC). This liquid MIC reacted with water and contaminant that included sodium hydroxide and iron compound which are highly catalytic material of MIC. Because of the contaminants, the impurities and water, the runaway chain reaction started- which is highly exothermic reaction. Because of which there was high pressure and temperature built up in the tank so the reaction started. MIC vapours came out and through vent gas scrubber, they released from 100 ft on top of the plant and as well as beneath the plant. There are two vent headers- one is process vent header. When pressure rose above 40 pound, safety valve got popped and it went through header to vent gas scrubber in vapour form. All the vapour came out. Gas came out through atmospheric vent gas scrubber.
#bhopal gas tragedy #anniversary #bhopal #union carbide factory
What was the composition of toxic gas
Chouhan: The composition of the gas, as per Union Carbide report, was 26,000 pounds of reaction products along with 54,000 pounds of unreacted MIC got released into the atmosphere of Bhopal that night. The wind direction was from north to south. A highly dense population resided there. The mixture of gases contain more than two dozens of different types of chemicals and, that also included hydrogen Cyanide. Hydrogen Cyanide is the younger brother of potassium Cyanide. Most died in few hours. The mixture of gases have different properties which was lethal. MIC is double (doubly heavy) than air,  Monomethy Amine is heavier than air and the reaction was on.
If MIC comes in contact with your eyes, it will react with the eyes; in the lungs, it will react with it. If it reacts with haemoglobin, residual effect will remain.
Why it was not sabotage
Chouhan: The water washing area from where water escaped was connected to the vent header. Because of Sodium Hydroxide, vapour reacted and made Sodium Chloride and caused the pipes to choke. They wanted to clear this. This valve was malfunctioning that jumped into the main header that was at 32 feet height. This line goes to the storage tank and is connected there. The height is 14 feet and here it was 32 feet and so it entered tank number 610. The other tanks were holding pressure, in tank number 610 the control valve was not holding pressure and because of difference in height, water entered into the tank. Reaction started immediately. The total induction period was two and half hours. If tank would have been contaminated with pure water, it will take 23 hours induction time. And the nature would also be different.
Blueprint of compromises that took thousands of lives, affected lakhs of others- even those born in 1984
Chouhan: It was not an accident at all. For a chemical plant you need proper training and design. We were told that this plant is highly dangerous and that they had 20 years of experience in West Virginia. I compared the design of the Bhopal plant with the Virginia plant. It was not a carbon copy, not even a better design, it was an unproven design, it was not tested. For safety what ever they provided in the Bhopal plant, they can detoxify what ever is released through the normal process. Their capacity is not enough to detoxify such a huge amount. In the construction of plant there were double standards. There is no emergency scrubber or flare over here. Vent scrubber was made of carbon steel which reacted with material. There should have been an emergency header. Also, there is a difference in process and utility. In Virginia plant, they used chilled out chloroform, here they used brine. If anything leaked, it would react. The operating staff were highly trained in West Virginia. Here initially they were trained but there was a deterioration - 70 per cent of the personnel were untrained and operating at the time. Even if everything was OK, there is a chance of sabotage and there must be some evacuation plan for the workers and for the community people. There was a siren but that was also modified into a muted form. They announced that MIC leaked. They should give wind direction, in West Virginia- they had to evacuate, inform hospital, road traffic, rail traffic, river traffic. Here, there was nothing of the sort. There were so many leaks in the years 1980, 1981 and in 1982 one person died. Through unions, we raised issues about dangerous conditions, wrote letters to the Chief Minister and the Prime Minister and concerned departments and we also warned the poor people living behind the factory. But they (the authorities) did not support us. Ultimately government made enquiry and said it was safe plant!
UCIL's irresponsible policy of dumping waste still continues to contaminate soil and water
Chouhan: In 1969, they were damaging the plant premises. There are still thousands of tonnes of toxic soil. There are nearly 25 dump areas. They have collected samples from different areas. The court case is running to neutralize that material. There is no plan to decontaminate the soil. In every rainy season, the underground water is getting contaminated also. That includes mercury also. Here also when the equipment broke, some material leaked and they have kept it over there. Here there was a tall equipment. You have to climb up a plant structure to see the mercury lying around. Here you can see mercury lying even after thirty years. I can recover nearly 5 kilograms of mercury from here itself. 340 metric tonnes of toxic waste is still lying here waiting to be disposed off. They just dug out a pond here and dumped toxic waste. This is not mud, it is benzene hexachloride. They dumped a variety of organic chemicals here and this is just one of the areas where they dumped it. After 30 years not a single kilogram of toxic waste was neutralized either by Union Carbide or Union Government. This is acting as a slow poison to the poor people who live in nearby areas.
6

Wi-Fi service launched at New Delhi railway stationWi-Fi service launched at New Delhi railway station
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 12:08 AM IST
The railways ministry on Monday launched a Wi-Fi service at New Delhi Railway Station that will help the 500,000 passengers using the country’s busiest station daily to connect to the web. Passengers will be able to use the service at any of the 16 platforms free for half-an-hour, after which they will be charged Rs 25 for 30 minutes and Rs 35 for an hour of usage by using a scratch card. “We have launched Wi-Fi service. Internet has become a new necessity for people,” Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu said after the launch.
Prabhu said the service will soon be expanded to cover more stations and even trains. The project is being implemented by RailTel, a public sector undertaking under the rail ministry. The Wi-Fi project has cost the railways Rs 50 lakh in installation, while an additional Rs 16 lakh will be spent annually to run the service. The Railways Wi-Fi will support maximum speed of 1 mega byte per second. As part of the project, RailTel has installed 60 wireless access points strategically at all the 16 platforms. It has also laid optic fibre cable at the platforms.
It has also laid Optic Fiber Cable at all the platforms at the station including Foot Over Bridge (FOB) and concourse areas.
Railways plans to provide Wi-Fi facility at 75 major stations within a year. The service is to be launched at Agra, Ahmedabad and Varanasi by the end of the current month apart from Howrah, Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus, Mumbai and Secunderabad stations by January 2015 on a trial basis.
Indian Railways has also approached the IT ministry for financial support from Universal Service Obligation Fund (USOF) to providing Wi-Fi facility at way side stations in remote areas. Prabhu also said he has directed CRIS, the IT arm of the rail ministry, to develop an application focused at safety of women passengers.
 

McD s Plans Customized Burgers as US Sales FallIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Report: Zuckerberg Reads Chinese President s BookIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Economics now = Freudian psychology in the 1950sBy Andrew Gelman December 8 Follow @statmodeling
Source: Wikimedia Commons
I’ve written about this before (see also here ), but I was moved to make this point again after being pointed by Mark Palko to an opinion piece by economist Noah Smith titled “Why Economists Are Paid So Much.”
Smith writes a bunch of things I disagree with — but then, as a political scientist, I guess it’s no surprise to see me disagreeing with an economist! Nonetheless, here goes.
Smith writes:
Part of the rivalry [between economics and sociology] is due to the attempts by some economists, such as Gary Becker, to model phenomena such as discrimination and family life that were traditionally in the realm of sociologists. In the siloed social sciences, people fear such “imperialism.”
“Fear” is a funny word here. Gary Becker’s writing doesn’t scare me, but a lot of it strikes me as wrong, indeed so obviously wrong that it causes me to question how it gets so much respect within the field of economics. I’ve talked with some economists whom I know and respect, and they in turn respect much of Becker’s work, so the story here is far from simple . But let me say this again, my concern about work such as Becker’s — and, I believe, the concern of many other social scientists — is not fear of imperialism, it’s disquiet at such extreme ideas being treated as mainstream.
It would be as if a major field of human endeavor, a highly-respected segment of society, were based on some farfetched principle such as the death wish, or the Oedipus complex, or . . . “rational addiction.” Sure, you can make an argument for any of these theories — each of them makes perfect sense within its theoretical framework — but, ultimately these sorts of theories are most valuable for the reactions they provoke, rather than as serious models of reality.
To continue with Smith’s article: As a statistician, I won’t argue with the rest of it, because he says that economists are paid a lot because they know statistics. Whether or not this is true, I’d certainly like it to be true, so I’ll let someone else try to disagree with that one.
I will say, though, that Freudian psychiatrists got a lot of money and a lot of prestige back in the 1950s, and they didn’t know any statistics at all. But they had one useful skill, and that was the ability to convince rich people that their services were personally valuable. In the national discourse, psychiatrists were taken seriously. They were mocked, but they were a central part of the culture and their pronouncements were respected. And they managed to do so without following Smith’s advice to “stop whining and tech up.”
So perhaps a better piece of advice, if sociologists (and psychologists and political scientists?) want to join economics at the big boys’ table and up their salary and their influence, would be: Stop whining and make your work more appealing to rich people.
P.S. I was amused that Smith described the following graph as “nice”:
I’m not usually one to criticize graphs, but . . .
— It would help to start earlier than 1999; a bit of perspective would be good here.
— What’s with the y-axis labels? Every 20,000 dollars on the odd numbers? That’s just weird.
— And, please, please, please, please: Label the lines on the graph directly! Requiring the reader to decode different sorts of dotted lines; this is just horrible.
(And, yes, I recognize that this graph was made not by Smith but by a group that included a sociologist as well an economist.)
Andrew Gelman is a professor of statistics and political science at Columbia University. His books include Bayesian Data Analysis; Teaching Statistics: A Bag of Tricks; and Red State, Blue State, Rich State, Poor State: Why Americans Vote the Way They Do.

Venture capitals step forward on diversityBy Vivek Wadhwa December 8 Follow @wadhwa
The National Venture Capital Association (NVCA) announced Monday the formation of a task force to help its members increase opportunities for women and minorities. On the surface, this looks like just another news release by an industry under fire; but I think there is much more to it. The NVCA is providing true leadership and challenging its members to clean up their act.
I have long been critical of the venture-capital community for encouraging frat-boy behavior and tolerating the exclusionary hiring practices of companies that they have invested in. I have  called out the CEOs of prominent venture-backed companies such as Twitter and Dropbox and  said that a skill that VCs commonly tout, “pattern recognition”, is a code name for sexism and racism.
So when I received an invitation, in May 2014, to speak on the main stage at NVCA’s marquee conference, Venturescape, and to be part of a discussion group on sexism in venture capital, I was dubious. I asked Venky Ganesan, who was the chair of this event and who had invited me, whether I was walking into some kind of an ambush. I  joked on Twitter that I felt like a hen going into the foxhouse.
I was surprised when, after I criticized their system for being male dominated and demanded that it be changed, the audience of 700 VCs cheered. They didn’t deny the problem or attack me for speaking up, as a few prominent VCs have done in the past. NVCA chief executive Bobby Franklin said improving diversity in gender and race was a personal mission for him because it would improve the innovation, productivity, and performance of the companies that the venture community invested in — and better the overall economy. He agreed that VC firms should be proactive in correcting their gender imbalance and disclosing diversity data, and promised to work towards making this happen.
So the intentions seem to be good. But the challenges are greater than the NVCA imagines they are. The 2011  survey that they cite, which was conducted by Dow Jones VentureSource, reported that 89 percent of venture capital investors were male and 11 percent were female, and that, of these, 2 percent were African American or Latino. These self-reported data are inaccurate.
A study by Babson College found that in U.S. venture-capital firms the proportion of women partners was only 6 percent in 2014 — having fallen from 10 percent in 1999.  An analysis by Dan Primack, of Fortune magazine, of the top 92 venture-capital firms revealed that, of the 542 partner-level VCs in these firms, only 23, or a paltry 4.2 percent, are female. VCs tend to fund people who are like them — typically, nerdy males. This entrenches discrimination against women and minorities. The Babson research revealed that only 2.7 percent of the 6,517 companies that had received venture funding from 2011 to 2013 had women CEOs. The proportions of black and Hispanic CEOs were surely much lower.
VC firms simply  won’t release data on the diversity of the leaders of companies they invest in. For many years, technology companies too refused to release their data because they knew it would cause them public embarrassment. But, one after another, led by Google, they started releasing the data. Though not nearly as bad as the VCs’ numbers, the numbers were low. But the revelations have led the tech companies’ CEOs to recognize the problems and commit their companies to addressing the issues that have led to excluding women and minorities. They have acknowledged that it was harming their companies’ competitiveness and performance. The venture-capital system needs to do the same now.
The majority of venture funds have produced lower returns than the public markets have and thus have shortchanged the individuals, the state pension funds, endowments, and foundations investing in them. In doing the right thing and addressing diversity, the NVCA is ensuring its own survival. And, as Menlo Ventures partner Venky Ganesan said to me, it is about making a difference. He wants to make sure that his three daughters see a venture-capital system different from the one he has been a part of.
Vivek Wadhwa is a fellow at Rock Center for Corporate Governance at Stanford University, director of research at Center for Entrepreneurship and Research Commercialization at Duke, and distinguished fellow at Singularity University. His past appointments include Harvard Law School, University of California Berkeley, and Emory University.

AAI asks SpiceJet to furnish bank guarantee ...You are here: Home > Collections > Spicejet
Airports Authority of India asks SpiceJet to furnish bank guarantee on its Rs 200 crore dues
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 09.19PM IST
Tags:
Aai
(Aviation regulator DGCA…)
NEW DELHI: Tightening the screw on cash- strapped budget carrier SpiceJet, Airports Authority of India ( AAI ) is considering putting the airline on the cash-and-carry mode soon if it does not furnish a bank guarantee against its dues to the airport operator, which stand at around Rs 200 crore.
"AAI is planning to put SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode from Wednesday if it does not by that time furnish to the airport operator a bank guarantee against its dues," sources said.
Also, aviation regulator DGCA is likely to issue a show- cause notice to the airline for defying its directives regarding advance bookings, sources said here.
"DGCA is likely to issue a show-cause notice to SpiceJet as the airline continues accepting advanced bookings of beyond one month against the directives on the issue," official sources said here.
DGCA has asked the airline to stop taking bookings by tomorrow of more than one month in advance, they said, adding, 'If it does not, it will be served a show-cause notice."
The sources said that although the regulator's action will not lead to the cancellation of the airline's licence by itself, they added that it could force "a series of actions, which could lead to the cancellation of licence".
An airline spokesperson, however, defended the advance bookings, saying it has already informed the regulator that it wants to discuss the issue this week.
"We have told DGCA in our response that we would like to discuss the matter and plan to do so tomorrow post a board meeting," the spokesperson said.
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA had on Friday withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees within the coming 10 days.
After reviewing the situation, DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a "convincing schedule" by December 15 to clear its dues to various vendors, among them airports and oil companies.
Meanwhile, according to the SpiceJet website, the airline has cancelled 80 flights till December 31.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1u9OPkJFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
McDonald's same-store sales get fried
Same-store sales at McDonald's locations in the U.S. fell 4.6% in November, amid a growing demand by younger customers for more choices. Globally, sales fell 2.2%, vs. 1.7% expected by company analysts.
Post to Facebook
McDonald's same-store sales get fried Same-store sales at McDonald's locations in the U.S. fell 4.6% in November, amid a growing demand by younger customers for more choices. Globally, sales fell 2.2%, vs. 1.7% expected by company analysts. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CZhYbX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
McDonald's same-store sales get fried
Bruce Horovitz and John Waggoner, USA TODAY 6:25 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
Video Keywords Asian tour gas prices consumers' minds traffic growth mad cow disease morningstar's Russia Obama
McDonald's reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November- and warned of troubles in the current quarter. Bobbi Rebell reports. Video provided by Reuters Newslook
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  Burger Obama and a medic that you're at McDonald's healing
00:05  their sales numbers last month. They had their biggest stock and
00:08  almost fifteen years that went mad cow disease at consumers shouldn't
00:12  be. Meat supplier issues the Chinese meat supplier was accused of
00:16  selling expired meet that drove down sales. And fourth aspirin plays
00:20  its menu is anything but now that about a twenty items
00:23  on. And worst of all things have been heading out that
00:27  he needs for a couple of years now management is hot
00:30  Asian tour at least at this point as morningstar's RJ how
00:33  to be. Coming at a time a lot of the other
00:35  restaurant chains posted a positive traffic growth seen the benefits of
00:38  lower gas prices. It assures me that that this brand is
00:41  really struggling to resonate with consumers. Whether it be product offerings
00:45  that resonate on the dollar menu whether it be cater to
00:48  more millennial. Higher and audience. To struggle of the people the
00:53  doors right now. McDonald's also warned margins are under pressure in
00:57  the current quarter in part because of the Robert dollar. Adding
01:00  to the pain international drama for example in Russian subs restaurants
01:04  have been checked out possible payback for US sanctions against Russia.
01:09  The game plan for it come back simplified menu about making
01:12  it more customizable. Kind of like rival okay. Management track record
01:17  for execution last couple years in terms of menu innovation marketing
01:21  hasn't been stellar. Had to put it bluntly. I think that's
01:24  the biggest hurdle the company has right now as sex case
01:27  something major like this. You know I'm a big initiatives something
01:29  customization. Yeah that's great I think consumers' minds that you should
01:32  something that can drug trafficking create site with a brand. But
01:35  the company fails attacks Udonis has missteps with the with rolling
01:39  it out to its stores in that can also have the
01:41  opposite effect we turn off people the brand. And that is
01:44  reflected in McDonald's shares the stock has really done nothing this
01:48  year. And was down on Monday's news.
McDonald's Big Mac sandwich
113 CONNECT 114 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
McDonald's (MCD) took another hard one on the chin. Shares tumbled nearly 4% Monday to $92.61 after the fast-food giant posted its biggest domestic same-store sales drop in more than a decade.
Sales at U.S. stores open at least 13 months fell 4.6% in November, the company, greater than the 1.7% slide analysts expected. Globally, sales fell 2.2%, with a 4% drop in the Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa regions. In Europe, the comp-store sales were down 2%, which McDonald's attributed to "very weak" results in Russia and negative results in France and Germany.
The bad news comes after the fast-food giant announced Sunday in an exclusive USA TODAY report that it plans to widely expand its customized burger program in the USA, in which consumers can order a personalized burger from a special kiosk tablet. The program, which had been in four locations in Southern California, will expand to 30 more locations in five states this year and to 2,000 locations nationally next year, the company said.
McDonald's expands custom sandwich option
McDonald's faces a number of near-term headaches as CEO Don Thompson remains under intense pressure to right the ship.  Most critical:  younger customers attracted to the better-for-you, customized kinds of offerings from rivals such as Chipotle and Panera.
"The overall picture is looking like it doesn't need incremental tweaking of the kind offered by the current CEO, but rather something approaching a revamp," said Ken Odeluga, a senior market analyst at City Index.
As the USA experiences a "sea change" in fast-food consumption, McDonald's is lagging, Odeluga said.
Thompson conceded in a Monday statement that McDonald's may be behind that curve, but noted the chain is pushing hard to catch up. "Today's consumers increasingly demand more choice, convenience and value," he said. "We are working ... to better deliver against these evolving expectations."
Analysts expressed serious concern
"While changes are in the works, we cannot identify a near-term catalyst to spur sales," said Lynne Collier, analyst at Sterne Agee.
One such catalyst could be the personalized burger option McDonald's plans to aggressively expand next year. But the custom-made burgers will take longer to make and cost more.  Because they can take five to seven minutes to make, the custom burgers  are not practical in the drive-thru, where many McDonald's do up to 70% of their business.
This year, McDonald's pledged to simplify its menu, removing items that aren't selling well and allowing the company's 21 regions to roll out products more popular in their area.
113 CONNECT 114 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CZhYbX
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

http://usat.ly/1scAiErFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ex-Madoff employee faces sentencing today
Daniel Bonventre, the former operations manager for Ponzi scheme mastermind Bernard Madoff faces the possibility of a long prison term at his scheduled sentencing in federal court here Monday.
Post to Facebook
Ex-Madoff employee faces sentencing today Daniel Bonventre, the former operations manager for Ponzi scheme mastermind Bernard Madoff faces the possibility of a long prison term at his scheduled sentencing in federal court here Monday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CZfyde
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ex-Madoff employee faces sentencing today
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 3:59 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
Daniel Bonventre, former operations director for Bernard Madoff, leaves Manhattan federal court in New York City after his March 2014 conviction.
(Photo: Andrew Burton - Getty Images)
CONNECT 1 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — The former operations manager for Ponzi scheme mastermind Bernard Madoff faces the possibility of a long prison term at his scheduled sentencing in federal court here Monday.
Daniel Bonventre, 67, will become the first of five former Madoff employees to be sentenced after all five were convicted in March on charges that they aided Madoff in his fraud scheme. Madoff's massive scam stole an estimated $20 billion from thousands of average investors, charities, celebrities and others worldwide.
The group, the only Madoff-linked defendants to stand trial, also consists of Annette Bongiorno, 66, the disgraced financier's longtime assistant; JoAnn Crupi, 53, who oversaw the investment firm's main bank account; and Jerome O'Hara, 51, and George Perez, 48, former Madoff computer programmers. The others are scheduled to be sentenced in the coming days.
Capping a months-long Manhattan federal court trial in March, a jury of eight women and three men rejected defense lawyers' claims of innocence and found the five guilty on all charges in a 31-count indictment.
The scheduled sentencings are set to begin nearly six years to the day of Madoff's Dec. 11, 2008, surrender and admission that the uncannily steady investment gains he reported for decades was the product of a scam in which he used some clients' funds to pay others. Madoff, now 76, is serving a 150-year prison term after he waived his right to trial and pleaded guilty in 2009.
Theoretically, the five could face the equivalent of life behind bars under federal sentencing guidelines. But those calculations are based on the fraud's record size and represent just one of several factors reviewed by U.S. District Judge Laura Taylor Swain. She presided over the trial and is scheduled to impose sentences on the former co-workers.
The prosecution sentencing memo by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Matthew Schwartz, John Zach and Randall Jackson argued that that each of the five should receive "significantly greater" prison terms than the eight-year to 20-year sentences recommended by federal probation officials.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CZfyde
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

26/11 mastermind Hafiz Saeed s Twitter account suspendedDec 08, 2014 at 08:11pm IST
26/11 mastermind Hafiz Saeed's Twitter account suspended
39
0
New Delhi: The Twitter account of Pakistani terrorist and 26/11 mastermind Hafiz Saeed has been suspended by the social networking site. The move comes after the Jamaat-ud-Dawah (JuD) chief spew venom and wrote about freeing Kashmir and avenging 1971 Bangladesh war and Ahmedabad riots.
However, hours after Twitter suspended the account, another account claiming that of Saeed was opened. But the veracity of the account is yet to be established.
Twitter suspended Saeed's existing account (@HafizSaeedJUD) on Monday. Apparently, Twitter acted on a series of vituperative messages posted by Saeed's handle, particularly after his Lahore rally.
However, hours after Twitter suspended the account, another account claiming that of Saeed was opened. But the veracity of the account is yet to be established.
#hafiz saeed #jud #terrorist #terrorism
The last tweet, posted on December 5, said, "Ghazwae Hind inevitable, Kashmir will be freed, 1971 avenged and Ahmedabad Gujrat victims will get justice Insha Allah."
Concerns were expressed in some quarters over the hate messages. Apparently, the social networking site finally took a call and suspended Saeed's official handle.
However, hours later, another account (@HafeezSaeedJUD1) was opened which claimed it was that of the chief of the outlawed JuD.  The tweet also said that they would soon give out an 'Official Response on Twitter double standards'. But the claims of the 'official account' is yet to be verified.
215

Half of the senators who voted for Obamacare will be gone next year. As will 40 percent of those who opposed it.By Philip Bump December 8 Follow @pbump
We'll give credit to the conservative Washington Examiner for being first out of the gates with an idea that will make Republican political types salivate: Half of the senators who voted for Obamacare won't be in the Senate in 2015. Bloomberg included that in its by-the-numbers recap of the election. And it's true. Sixty senators (58 Democrats, two independents) voted for Obamacare in 2009, and six years later, only 30 will be in the Senate. The subtext is obvious: Obamacare is political poison.
So we must note the corollary. Of the 39 Republicans who voted against the Affordable Care Act (one didn't vote ), 24 — 60 percent — will still be in office come January. Which shifts the frame a bit.
There's no question that a number of Democrats were defeated because constituents rejected their politics. How closely those losses are linked to Obamacare is hard to evaluate. Did Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.) lose this weekend   because she voted for Obamacare five years ago, or did she lose because the politics in the South have shifted ? Odds favor the latter. But more importantly, only eight of the 29 Democrats who backed Obamacare were actually defeated — and five of them were defeated this year, well after their initial vote for the ACA. The rest of the Democrats retired or left the Senate for other reasons.
Here's the breakdown, by party. For those that left office, their replacements are color-coded by party.
There is no question that Democrats have had a bad run since 2009. Only one of the Republicans who left office was replace by a Democrat (and one was replaced by an independent), but 16 of the Democrats were replaced by Republicans. That, broadly, may be because of Obamacare; it's certainly, in large part, because of Obama.
This is another case in which the top line number is much more murky than it at first appears. Obamacare is not the political winner that Democrats hoped and expected it to be. But it's not necessarily the political loser that the Examiner headline might lead you to believe either.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

Pranab: Technology holds promise for quantum leap in governance standardsPresident lauds Karnataka e-governance initiatives
Our Bureau
Encouraging technology Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah with President Pranab Mukherjee at the launch of the Unified Mobile Governance Platform in Bangalore on Monday GRN SOMASHEKAR
Says India should leverage its ICT leadership position, use tech-intensive solutions
Bengaluru, December 8:  
Dramatic developments in the Information Technology (IT) sector have created an eco-system for the governments to tap technology-enabled solutions for the benefit of the common man, President Pranab Mukherjee has said.
Speaking after launching the Mobile Governance initiative – Karnataka MobileOne, Mukherjee said, “Not only has the State created a conducive environment for the expansion of the IT sector, it has skilfully combined innovation and government vision to bring about reforms touching the lives of citizens.”
New benchmarks
E-initiatives such as Bhoomi, which is an online system for land records management; Kaveri, which is a valuation and e-registration system of the Department of Stamps and Registration; e-swathu, which is a software that lists properties in urban local bodies and that has now been integrated with Kaveri; and e-procurement have set governance benchmarks.
Mukherjee said e-governance holds great promise for a quantum leap in governance standards.
“The need of the hour is to leverage India’s leadership position in information communication technology to introduce technology-intensive solutions for governance,” he said.
The President said Karnataka also has the distinction of being the first Indian State to have a dedicated secretariat for e-governance. “I commend your passion to deploy technology in governance. In this context, I want to express my delight at having been associated with the demonstration of 3D holography, which is a cutting-edge technology.”
Karnataka, for one, is an IT hub portraying a success story that has few parallels. It contributes 30 per cent of the total software exports of our country, he added.
Bridging ‘tech divide’
Many people believe that technology is the prerogative of the ‘privileged’ and the ‘urban’ citizens. But, it is our pride that we have been able to integrate applications in Karnataka that are pro-farmers and helpful to the rural citizens, Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said.
“By this, we have bridged the ‘technology divide’ there by offering the same quality of services to every citizen of Karnataka.”
Karnataka, after initiating an investor-friendly i-4 (Information Technology, Information Technology-enabled Services, Innovation and Incentives) Policy, now has come out with Mobile Governance.
“Mobile-Governance to me is not only about leveraging technology, but also about being ‘Mindful’ – being responsible. I translate this as ‘Mindful Governance’ that makes each and every one of us in the Government take ownership of what we promise to deliver to our citizens.”
Other apps
The State government is also developing some other unique apps such as i-Care that brings citizens closer to government in resolving civic issues and M-Power, which will take steps to make women feel safer.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Deal for  mini  BrahMos likely during Putin s visit |  Russia may set up 20-24 nuclear unitsDeal for BrahMos 'mini missile' likely during Vladimir Putin's visit
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 09.36PM IST
Tags:
Bay of Bengal
(India and Russia are likely…)
NEW DELHI: India and Russia are likely to ink a key deal for the joint development of a BrahMos 'mini missile' during the visit of Russian President Vladimir Putin later this week.
Official sources said that a tripartite agreement n this regard is likely to be signed between DRDO , NPOM lab of Russia and BrahMos Aerospace.
The new missile will have a speed of Mach 3.5 and can carry a payload of 300-kg up to a range of 290-km. In terms of size, it will be about half that of the present missile, which is around 10-metres long.
The missile can be integrated with different platforms, including submarines and the Fifth-Generation Fighter Aircraft.
Putin will land here on December 10 and fly out within 24 hours.
BrahMos Aerospace, an Indo-Russian joint venture firm set up in 1998, feels that the new missile would be inducted into the services by 2017 and there would be a huge market in India, Russia and friendly foreign countries.
The BrahMos missile can be launched through land, air, ships and submarines.
While the Army and Navy have already started inducting land and sea-based Brahmos missile systems, the air launch variant is set for trials soon.
India had last year successfully carried out the maiden test firing of the over 290 km-range submarine-launched version of BrahMos supersonic cruise missile in the Bay of Bengal , becoming the first country in the world to have this capability.
The BrahMos missile is fully ready for fitment in submarines in vertical launch configuration, which will make the platform one of the most powerful in the world.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mother of Cleveland Boy Killed By Police Holds New ConferenceHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","description":"Up close and personal to a few of China's Giant Pandas, live from Bifengxia, the largest panda reserve and research center in the world.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Consumer credit faces headwindsconsumer credit faces headwinds
IIM-A alumnus  CIIE invest in Aakar InnovationsIIM-A alumnus, CIIE invest in Aakar Innovations
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Dec 08, 2014 09:34 PM IST
Continuing with its promotion of social entrepreneurship, the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A)'s Centre for Innovation Incubation and Entrepreneurship (CIIE), along with a group of impact investors and alumni of IIM and Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) has invested an undisclosed amount in Aakar Innovations.
Aakar is a hybrid social enterprise that manufactures high-quality, compostable and hygienic sanitary pads, which are priced below other branded, competitive products. These pads are produced and sold by women entrepreneurs in their own villages.
The investment round was led by CIIE with further participation from Artha Platform, a leading philanthropy community in India. The investment was carried out under the ACT for Impact Programme at CIIE, focusing on using alumni connections to bring more angel capital into the ecosystem. The program was supported by eminent philanthropic foundations including the Rockefeller Foundation, Omidyar Network and Dasra.
"CIIE is excited to be partnering with IIMA alums driven by a strong desire to create social impact along with generating financial returns. These angels bring a diverse set of expertise and shall bring enormous non-monetary value to the company," said Vipul Patel, senior manager, CIIE Initiatives. The not-for-profit arm trains rural women to run manufacturing units and create awareness about menstrual hygiene. As a part of this arm, Aakar has started a crowdfunding campaign called 'Freedom from Shame' to raise donations. "Over 100 donors have already given their support and we are looking to raise additional donations to support more women entrepreneurs," said Sombodhi Ghosh, co-founder of Aakar Innovations.
So far, around 22 machines have been sold across India of which 15 units are operational and the rest seven will be functional by mid-December. These machines, which are usually set up in rural villages and urban-slum areas, has led to the direct employment of over 200 women.
Talking about the investment in Aakar, Geeta Goel, Director, Mission Investing at Michael & Susan Dell Foundation said that Aakar is an example of a responsible, customer centric, cost effective solution to the issue of women's hygiene in rural and low income areas, a problem that has plagued us for several generations and is at the core of poor health of millions of women. Sombodhi was earlier associated with CIIE as an 'Entrepreneur in Residence' (EiR).

SMEs embrace the internet to expand businessSMEs embrace the internet to expand business
Vijay C Roy | Chandigarh Dec 08, 2014 09:30 PM IST
When Veena Singla returned to Chandigarh after a long stay in Australia, she realised there was a dearth of good bakeries in the city. The result was Zesty Bites, which she started in 2004. Since her customers were increasingly researching online before buying cakes, she launched her website a year ago, started using Google AdWords, and witnessed a 20-25 per cent increase in business. Her bakery is now a well-recognised brand in the city.
Similarly, Punjab-based Precision Machines & Automation (PMA), a manufacturer and exporter of carton folding machines, carton gluing machines and a variety of other machines, started using Google AdWords in September 2012, to expand business and build awareness.
Google AdWords allows enterprises to showcase advertisements to users who type in keywords related to the products or services they offer. Since the keywords enable inquiries to be made more specific, the conversion ratio and profitability improved, and PMA expanded its reach beyond Punjab.
Zesty Bites and PMA are among the five to six per cent of small and medium enterprises (SMEs) that are leveraging the Web effectively to expand their business and generate online sales. According to new research conducted by Zinnov on behalf of Google, India has over 48 million SMEs, of which eight to 10 million can grow quickly by advertising online.
India has over 250 million-plus internet users and is set to overtake the US in 2015 by reaching 350 million internet users, indicating the potential.
Says Singla, proprietor, Zesty Bites, "Earlier, my products were sold through word of mouth, and my business was restricted to the tri-city - Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula. I launched my website a year ago and adopted Google AdWords six months back. Now our daily order size has increased significantly and we are getting orders from far-off places like Amritsar, Jalandhar and Bathinda in Punjab, and Panipat, Karnal and Ambala in Haryana. We have witnessed a 25 per cent increase in business with the adoption of the internet."
Vaibhav Sharma, PMA's CEO, said, "We started using Google AdWords in September 2012 and it helped us improve online sales, generate new leads and increase visibility. It has helped us expand our reach beyond Punjab, and our conversion ratio and profitability are now high."
However, unlike Singla and Sharma, the majority of SMEs in India have ignored the potential of the internet to facilitate faster growth and expand their horizons. Owing to a lack of awareness of the benefits of the internet; lack of know-how, skilled labour and other resources; and doubts about the return on investment, their adoption rate is slow.
Google recently launched a new product, 'Google My Business', which makes it easier for businesses to create an online presence even when they do not have a website, but manage it from their smartphones. It has been designed to work across both desktop and mobile devices, to help SMEs create and update business information on Google Search, Maps and Google+ from one place, free of cost, in both Hindi and English. It also enables customers to connect more easily with local businesses when they search online.
Suryanarayana Kodukulla, head of SMB sales, Google India, said, "As part of our Digitising India mission, we are introducing this new mobile-based product to help Indian SMBs create and manage their internet presence and connect with potential customers online. In addition, to tackle the challenge of lack of awareness of the benefits of the internet, we are partnering with CII to help create awareness among SMBs to accelerate the adoption of the internet."

Gold import helped swell CAD in Sept quartergold import helped swell cad in sept quarter
Questions surround IMET s investment decisionsQuestions surround IMET's decision to buy repurchase agreements
By Ameet Sachdev, Tribune Reporter
Experts say they wouldn't have made IMET's bet
IMET took a gamble that other funds wouldn't, investment managers say.
An Oak Brook investment pool, which recently disclosed a $50 million trading loss involving taxpayer money, didn't follow the same safeguards to minimize risk as similar funds in Illinois and around the country, the Tribune has found.
Starting last year, the Illinois Metropolitan Investment Fund, or IMET, began buying complicated securities tied to government-backed loans.
The securities, known as repurchase agreements, or repos, have long been used by investors to park large amounts of cash rather than depositing the money in banks where only the first $250,000 is insured. Repos are considered relatively safe investments because they are secured by collateral.
But in IMET's case, the repos were a bad bet because the collateral turned out to be worthless.
IMET has said it is a victim of fraud, and federal authorities have charged a Florida man who originated the loans with fabricating loan documents.
  Open link
Investment pools entrusted with public funds normally only enter into repurchase agreements that are secured by U.S. Treasury bonds or other debt issued by U.S. government agencies. They are considered the highest quality collateral and can be easily liquidated.
IMET's collateral in the repo were private loans guaranteed by the U.S. Agriculture Department. But even with such a guarantee financial experts say they would have steered clear of such an investment in the first place.
"I wouldn't buy into guaranteed loans," said Mark Polistina, a portfolio manager.
Polistina runs a $5.7 billion investment pool operated by the Illinois treasurer's office on behalf of nearly 7,000 public entities. He said that in no case are loans of any kind, federally guaranteed or not, acceptable as a direct investment or collateral in the portfolio, known as Illinois Funds.
8
Martin Cassell, chief investment officer of a San Diego-based asset manager that works with public agency clients in California and Colorado, also was skeptical of USDA loans as collateral because they are not as secure or liquid as Treasury bonds or mortgage-backed securities issued by the Government National Mortgage Association, or Ginnie Mae.
"Technically these (Agriculture Department) loans were guaranteed, but do they fit into the spirit of what you are trying to achieve if they are not readily convertible into cash?" Cassell said. "It certainly raises some questions."
IMET officials declined to be interviewed. Randall Lending, IMET's outside lawyer, responded to written questions from the Tribune.
"IMET, like many other investment groups, has been the victim of financial fraud in this situation. The investments in question were made in safe and prudent investments, which were falsely represented as being backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government."
Nearly 300 Illinois municipalities, government pension funds and other public agencies trust IMET to manage their money. At a time of historically low interest rates, the fund has consistently delivered higher returns than Illinois Funds and similar investments, and as a result has been the recipient of a steady flow of cash.
IMET had a history of prudent management until it revealed the loss to its members last month. IMET's troubles have prompted its members to take a closer look at the fund's investments and some municipal treasurers have withdrawn their deposits to protect public funds.
IMET's $50.4 million loss constituted 2.8 percent of its "convenience" fund, one of two portfolios it manages. Participants in the convenience fund have had a proportionate amount of their funds frozen.
0
"I think that particular investment is being reviewed by everybody," said Maggie Bosley, finance director for suburban Glenview, which pulled out about $50 million from IMET after the village had $1.38 million frozen. "It raises a lot of questions. How was the investment approved? Was it a good investment?"
Government investment pools like IMET are common. They allow local governments to combine funds for investment, providing investment diversity and strategies that local governments may not be able to find on their own. The pools are vulnerable to investment losses like any security.
In Illinois, there is the state-managed pool run by the treasurer's office and a few pools like IMET created through interlocal cooperation agreements. IMET was established in 1996. IMET's board consists of eight suburban public officials.
IMET created the convenience fund in 2003, billing it as short-term, fully collateralized investment vehicle. According to IMET documents, the fund is run like a money-market mutual fund by trying to maintain a stable $1 share price.
The convenience fund's 12-month return as of Sept. 30, 2013, was 0.34 percent, compared with 0.05 percent for Illinois Funds, IMET said its in 2013 annual report.
Even though the Securities and Exchange Commission does not regulate IMET, the pool has sought to maintain safe investment strategies. Like most government investment pools, IMET is prohibited from investing in stocks, futures and options, and commodities.
The convenience fund comprises federally insured certificates of deposit; collateralized CDs; bank deposits collateralized by government securities; and repurchase agreements. As of Nov. 12, IMET said the convenience fund had $1.2 billion in assets and $358 million in cash.
The repurchase agreements are a relatively new addition to the portfolio.
Many highly liquid investment pools like IMET take advantage of the repo market to deploy idle cash more productively, according to Standard & Poor's, a credit-rating firm.
Repos are financial transactions in which an investor buys assets from a bank or securities dealer who agrees to buy the asset back on a prearranged date, sometimes the next day, at the same price plus interest. In effect, the investor is lending cash and holding assets as collateral.
At Illinois Funds, repos make up about one-third of the investments, said Polistina, who has managed the portfolio since 2002.
"You need to keep a large portion of the portfolio available as liquid investments," Polistina said. "Repos are the most marketable investments available and generally the safest. We buy repos every day."
Beginning in May 2013, IMET began investing in a repo backed by loans made by First Farmers Financial, a Florida-based lender. First Farmers said the loans were guaranteed by the USDA. The USDA offers the guarantee to encourage investment in rural communities.
IMET's repos were concocted by Pennant Management, a Milwaukee-based investment adviser the investment fund hired in 2012 after soliciting outside money managers. Pennant's proposal met IMET's needs for liquidity, safety and return, said Lending, IMET's attorney.
According to court documents filed by IMET, Pennant entered into a repurchase agreement with First Farmers in which it financed the Florida company's loans with funds provided by IMET and other clients. IMET said it was a third-party beneficiary to the repo agreement.
IMET said Pennant, prior to funding the loans, investigated First Farmers, including its chief executive officer, Nikesh Patel, and other executives. Pennant also informed IMET that the USDA had approved First Farmers to originate loans in the agency's guarantee program, which insures certain commercial loans of up to $10 million.
Repos are the most marketable investments available and generally the safest. We buy repos every day - Mark Polistina
By the end of August 2014, IMET had invested $50.4 million in the First Farmers repo. On Sept. 29 Pennant notified IMET that the repo was impaired. Federal authorities arrested Patel, 31, the next day. According to the criminal complaint, Patel falsified loan documents that reflected USDA guarantees. He has been released on bond.
In a civil lawsuit filed against Patel, Pennant said it funded and acquired 26 loans made by First Farmers with a total value of more than $170 million. A Pennant official declined comment. Pennant asked the USDA to honor the guarantee, but the agency has declined because the loans don't exist on the agency's books.

Bolivia s indigenous bourgeoisieShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Bolivia's indigenous bourgeoisie
Dec 5, 2014 : Bolivia has long been associated with poverty. But the tide is turning, and buildings constructed in the style of the 'New Andean architecture' are an increasingly visible sign of that change. The FT's Andres Schipani reports.

Painting Ted Turners legacyBy Lillian Cunningham December 5 Follow @lily_cunningham
Ted Turner looks at his portrait, unveiled at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington on Tuesday. (Photo by Lillian Cunningham/The Washington Post)
If the portrait of Ted Turner unveiled this week at the National Portrait Gallery is any indication, the businessman doesn’t want to be remembered foremost as the founder of CNN and the crafter of a cable news empire. He is painted on horseback amid the bison and foothill grasslands of his ranch in southwest Montana. The electric-colored backdrop gives no nod to the industry he upended on the East Coast that made his name and his riches. It's instead an homage to his later move Westward, sweeping up huge swaths of American range.
Commemorative portraiture like this is an odd thing: The artwork stands in the nation’s gallery as a giant image of yourself, hardened in brightly saturated oils, on display to a crowd of colleagues and cameras. The rugged backdrop for the portrait was Turner's directive, and its commissioning was a deliberate effort to shape what, for posterity, the American public most remembers about him.
Turner's family, along with the UN Foundation, to which Turner donated $1 billion, hatched the idea to get a painting of him into the National Portrait Gallery. He selected the artist Jon Friedman, whose similarly bold oil-on-canvas of Bill and Melinda Gates already hangs there. In that one, a monitor displaying images from the Gates Foundation hints at both the technology and philanthropy that has defined Bill Gates's career.
Turner chose Friedman in part for his portfolio of big-name portraiture and because several of his previous paintings had appeased the museum's board of commissioners, which decides whether gifted portraits will be accepted into the collection.
Since merging Turner Broadcasting System with Time Warner nearly 20 years ago, Turner has focused much of his energy and wealth on the environment, global health and security, and his more than 2 million acres of land. At 76, he is now the second-largest private landowner in the United States. The last installment of his $1 billion donation to the UN was made this year. Yet to many, he is still known less as a philanthropist than as the godfather of CNN.
According to Brandon Fortune, chief curator at the National Portrait Gallery, it is rare for a painting’s subject to orchestrate a gift this way and to be present at the museum’s unveiling. For Turner, and those close to him, it is an opportunity to actively sketch the contours of his legacy as the years count up. The painting is a six-by-four-and-a-half-foot vision of what he wants that to be: an icon in the tradition of philanthropist-tycoons like John D. Rockefeller and Andrew Carnegie.
“The man and his country, an American classic,” says Kathy Calvin, president and chief executive of the UN Foundation.
“The great American humanitarian,” says Rutherford Seydel, Turner's son-in-law and general counsel.
The image being crafted, both visually and metaphorically, strategically echoes the cover and title of the cable mogul's recent authorized biography, " Last Stand: Ted Turner's Quest to Save a Troubled Planet ." That, too, shows Turner, wearing a cowboy hat and leading a horse, against a similar backdrop of green meadows, snowcapped mountains and cerulean sky.
Given that new technologies like streaming threaten to overtake the once-revolutionary cable model that Turner made big, he may be wise to use his later years shaping a different association. He no longer holds a position with Turner Broadcasting System, and lost roughly $8 billion when the stock plummeted after a subsequent merger with AOL, though he is still among the wealthiest living Americans.
If Turner's portrait is a window into how he wants to be remembered, it's perhaps also a window into the wishes and fears that occupy many of us as we get older. The difference, of course, is that far fewer of us can commission the image that's catalogued.
Read also:

How Big Companies Can Accelerate Innovationreddit
"In a startup, no business plan survives first contact with customers." - Steve Blank
It's becoming clear that lean startup practices are not just for young tech ventures anymore. Almost every large company understands that it needs to deal with ever-increasing external threats by continually innovating. To ensure their survival and growth, corporations need to keep inventing new business models. This challenge requires entirely new organizational structures and skills. The lean startup approach has arrived just in time to help existing companies deal with the forces of continual disruption with tactics to help them meet it head-on, innovate rapidly and transform business as we know it.
The lean startup framework and methodology was first proposed by Eric Ries . This framework and methodology is largely credited to the work and theories developed by Stanford professor, bestselling author and entrepreneur Steve Blank , who mentored Eric Ries. In 2012 the Harvard Business Review listed Blank as one of the "Masters of Innovation." The lean startup framework favors experimentation over elaborate planning, customer feedback over intuition, and iterative design over traditional "big design up front" development. Despite the methodology's name, in the long term some of its biggest payoffs may be gained by the large companies that embrace it, something that Blank discovered last year when he was asked by Harvard Business Review to write about how the lean startup would impact corporations .
Steve Blank - (Twitter: @sgblank )
Blank discovered that the nature of the corporation had changed dramatically in the last 15 years. Every large company is dealing with "continuous disruption", so companies are now looking to startups to do continuous innovation. For the first time ever a number of large corporations are realizing that in order to survive, they need to innovate at a speed that they have never had to before. The real conundrum lies in the dilemma that the tools, strategies, policies and procedures needed to innovate are the antithesis of the execution tools that corporations have spent the last century building, something that Clayton Christensen articulated brilliantly in the Innovators Dilemma . "Everything that corporations do from the HR manual, to the comp plan for sales, to the branding guidelines puts a roadblock into innovation that startups don't face, and that's the irony. That's why startups move so fast," says Blank who believes that corporations can look to the tactics of lean startups to start to articulate what the actual tools are that they would use to solve this problem.
"The company that consistently makes and implements decisions rapidly gains a tremendous, often decisive, competitive advantage." - Steve Blank
We are seeing some of these lean tactics being taken into large companies and Blank feels that the companies that master continuous innovation, like Amazon and Apple, by continuously coming out with process improvements, business model improvements or disruptive innovations will have a 30 or 50 year trajectory.
3 Ways Corporations Can Accelerate Continuous Innovation
1. Sketch out your hypotheses - One of the critical differences between a startup and an existing corporation is that while existing companies execute a business model, startups look for one. This distinction is at the heart of the lean startup approach. It shapes the lean definition of a startup: a temporary organization designed to search for a repeatable and scalable business model. Rather than engaging in months of planning and research, entrepreneurs accept that all they have on day one is a series of untested hypotheses--basically, good guesses. So instead of writing an intricate business plan, founders summarize their hypotheses in a framework called a business model canvas .
"This evidence-based entrepreneurship is not just based on guessing, it's based on the fact that we are now talking to a ton of people," says Blank. When Blank teaches this lean process at Stanford, Columbia and NYU in a class which has also been adopted by the U.S. National Science Foundation Innovation Corps as an important foundation for technology transfer between the federal government and the private sector, students go out and talk to hundreds of customers in an incredibly short period of time, and they've basically tested hypotheses and validated or invalidated them and have a ton of data points about all the components of a business model canvas.
2. Listen to customers - Lean startups use a "get out of the building" approach called customer development to test their hypotheses. They go out and ask potential users, purchasers and partners for feedback on all elements of the business model, including product features, pricing, distribution channels and affordable customer acquisition strategies. The emphasis is on nimbleness and speed: New ventures rapidly assemble minimum viable products and immediately elicit customer feedback. Then, using customers' input to revise their assumptions, they start the cycle over again, testing redesigned offerings and making further small adjustments (iterations) or more substantive ones (pivots) to ideas that aren't working.
"Entrepreneurship isn't a career choice it's a passion and obsession." - Steve Blank
Blank says that when you get out of the building and talk to people, you will likely find that your initial hypotheses are wrong. "We now know that startups and new ventures go from failure to failure. What we want to do is make that failure learning and make a change to the business model canvas, which is called the pivot." A pivot is a substantive change to any component of the business model canvas, based on customer data and real evidence. Not one data point, but a bunch of experiments.  The combination of talking to people (incremental prototypes) and iterative experiments (iterative prototypes), is called minimum viable products and there is not just one, there is a serious of them and they change over time.
3. Adopt an agile development process - Lean startups practice something called agile development , which originated in the software industry. Agile development works hand-in-hand with customer development. Unlike typical year long product development cycles that presuppose knowledge of customers' problems and product needs, agile development eliminates wasted time and resources by developing the product incrementally and through iteration. It's the process by which startups create the minimum viable products they test through iterative prototypes.
"What matters is having forward momentum and a tight fact-based data/metrics feedback loop to help you quickly recognize and reverse any incorrect decisions. That's why startups are agile." - Steve Blank
"We use this agile engineering model, but we couple it with this customer development philosophy and the business model canvas so that we are actually using agile engineering to test all of the hypothesis of the business," says Blank.
In closing, Blank gives the following advice to corporations looking to utilize these lean startup tactics: "If I was in a corporate organization, I would really be thinking about not lean or any of this stuff. Those are just buzzwords. I would be thinking about what the competition looks like, asking if we have the infrastructure to be responsive and looking at how to apply those innovation tools from early-stage ventures."
You can watch the full interview with Steve Blank here . Please join me and Michael Krigsman every Friday at 3PM EST as we host CXOTalk - connecting with thought leaders and innovative executives who are pushing the boundaries within their companies and their fields.
Follow Vala Afshar on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ValaAfshar
More:

How different are Russians and Americans  anywayBy Rick Noack December 7 Follow @rick_n
The Russian national flag flaps in the wind on Oct. 9, 2014 in Sochi, Russia. (Photo by Mark Thompson/Getty Images)
Russian President Vladimir Putin, President Obama and politicians in both countries have been trading barbs for months as the countries' relations have plunged ever southward.
But what about the countries' citizens? Are they as at odds as their leaders' rhetoric suggests?
WorldViews delved into recent opinion polls conducted by the Pew Research Center and Gallup. Together, the data provide interesting insights into what Russians and Americans think about each other and themselves, how they differ in certain ways, and how they are similar when it comes to other aspects.
Ways Americans and Russians think differently
Less than half of all Russians think the U.S. government respects personal freedoms -- 20 percent fewer than last year. It is interesting to note that only one year ago, Russians and Americans had a similar opinion about the U.S. government's respect for personal freedoms. The massive decline since then has coincided with the upheaval in Ukraine, as well as revelations about NSA spying programs abroad.
While trust in the U.S. has also declined in other countries, the majority of respondents worldwide -- 58% -- think that the U.S. government respects the personal freedoms of its people. That's more than twice as many as who believed the same of Russia.
Russians' and Americans' views of the other country are  more negative today than any time in the past 10 years.
The public in each country also differs in another significant way: How they view their leaders. In Russia, Putin's popularity has soared, while the U.S. public has grown increasingly weary of President Obama.
Russian President Vladimir Putin. (ALEXEY DRUZHININ/AFP via Getty Images), US President Barack Obama (SAUL LOEB/AFP via Getty Images).
Putin's strong approval ratings have been linked to Russians' enthusiasm about the country's military actions in Ukraine. However, such support might be fragile in the long run: The same poll found that satisfaction with life is about 20 percent lower among Russians than among Americans.
Russians are also much more likely than Americans to believe that one needs to be lucky to get ahead in life.
While many Russians think they need to be lucky to achieve their goals, nearly half do not believe they would have to live in a free market economy in order to do so.
There are also some key gaps when it comes to social values, such as approval of homosexuality.
The fact that Russians are more likely than Americans to find drinking morally unacceptable might surprise those aware of Russia's love for vodka, though.
(Photos: Pernod Ricard via Bloomberg News)
Ways Americans and Russians think similarly
But social issues are also where Americans and Russians seems to share the most common ground. On some, Americans and Russians are actually closer to each other than they are to populations in many other countries in the world.
Rick Noack writes about foreign affairs. He is an Arthur F. Burns Fellow at The Washington Post.

Black money: Jaitley says no proposal to bring  general amnesty  schemeUnion Finance Minister, Arun Jaitley.
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
If you thought the Modi-led Government would come up with any amnesty scheme for bringing back undisclosed money stashed in foreign countries, think again.
An amnesty scheme is not in the works for not only the black money stashed abroad, but also for the undisclosed income kept within the country.
"There is no proposal to bring general amnesty scheme for declaring the undeclared income," the Finance Minister, Arun Jaitley, told the Lok Sabha in a written reply on Friday.
General amnesty scheme
He was replying to a question from Kapil Moreshwar Patil on whether the Government proposes to bring "general amnesty scheme for declaring the undeclared income".
The Finance Minister's reply is seen as a clear pointer that the Centre may not come up with any amnesty scheme for bringing back the black money stashed abroad.
Pre-poll promise
Given the pre-poll promise of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to bring back black money stashed abroad within 100 days of assuming power, there is pressure on the new dispensation to deliver on this promise.
The Parliamentary Affairs Minister, Venkaiah Nadu, had recently parried the Opposition leaders' questions on this issue, stating that no written commitment to this effect (100 days promise) was actually given in BJP's manifesto.
Partho Dasgupta, Partner, BDO India LLP, a professional services firm, said he was "bit surprised" by the Finance Minister's reply.
Rather than providing amnesty to tax evaders, it appears that the Government is keen to identify and bring to book all the tax evaders and collect tax on the undisclosed income,interest and also penalty, he said.
If amnesty were to be provided, there won't be any scope for collecting interest or levy of penalties, it was pointed out.
Aseem Chawla, Partner, MPC Legal, a law firm, said the Finance Minister's reply was "generalised answer" to a "general question".
He felt that too much cannot be read into the reply.
"All along Government has not been able to come up with a focused mechanism of tackling the menace of black money."
In general, one is aware that black money is prevalent in Indian society, Chawla said.
Need of the hour is to come up with a coherent strategy that answers the question of how to tackle the black money than answering the question of why there is black money, he said.
"In a situation where a specific question on black money were to be asked, one would have been curious to know the answer of the Honorable Finance Minister," Chawla told BusinessLine here.
Voluntary disclosure scheme
India had several voluntary disclosure schemes earlier and the last such scheme-voluntary disclosure of income scheme (VDIS) was introduced in 1997.
The VDIS 1997 commenced on July 1, 1997 and ended on December 31, 2007.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Plan panel: New approach  greater role for States needed  says ModiVideo: Politicos react as Mamata, Omar skip PM's Planning Commission meet
New Delhi, Dec 7:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday gave a new thrust to an effective replacement of the Planning Commission, a Government release said.
The Prime Minister described 'Team India' as a combination of three teams – the Prime Minister and Chief Ministers, the Union Council of Ministers and the bureaucracy in the Centre and States.
Invoking the spirit of "cooperative federalism", Modi said that the current global scenario offered a chance for India to take a big leap forward and stressed the need for a suitable body to replace the Planning Commission so that the strengths of the country can be suitably harnessed.
He said the question of role, relevance and restructuring of the Planning Commission had been repeatedly questioned for more than two decades. The first introspection was done after the launch of economic reforms, in 1992, when it was felt that in light of changing Government policy, a different approach was required. In 2012, the Parliamentary Consultative Committee stressed the need for a serious look at the Planning Commission and the need for a new body to replace it. Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had stressed the need for a relook at the Planning Commission towards the end of his term, the Prime Minister added.
Modi stated that when he was Chief Minister of Gujarat, he had attended meetings of the Planning Commission, and had felt the need for a better platform to articulate the view of States.
Bottom to top approach
He said it is impossible for the nation to develop unless states develop. He said the process of policy planning also has to change from "top to bottom" to "bottom to top." The Prime Minister also noted that in countries such as the US, thinktanks that function independently of the Government have a major role in policy-making. He said that in India, too, there is a great deal of economic activity that happens outside the Government setup, and there is a need to design policies for them as well.
"Can we develop a new mechanism, that plans according to India's strengths, empowers states, and brings on board all economic activity, including that which happens outside the Government," Modi said at the outset of Sunday's consultation meeting, where he added that the views which the States expressed would prove valuable in shaping the new body to replace the Planning Commission.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Labour law violations in Govt sector: number of inspection declinesCases of prosecutions over wages, contract workers, child labour are down
New Delhi, December 7:  
Among key initiatives of the Narendra Modi government has been the fast-tracking of labour law reforms to put an end to ‘inspector raj’ and improving the country’s rank in the World Bank’s ease of ‘doing business’ index.
However, when it comes to checking labour law violations, the number of inspections in the Central sphere, which includes banks, railways, defence, insurance, mines among others, has anyway been on the decline.
Contract workers
For instance, with the number of contract labourers engaged in the Central sphere estimated at about 21,12,715 persons, the number of inspections under the Contract Labour Regulation Act fell to 6,990 with 4,084 prosecutions launched in 2013-14, against 8,146 inspections and 4,671 prosecutions launched in 2012-13, according to Labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya, in a written reply to the Lok Sabha last week.
Minimum wages
Under the Minimum Wages Act, the number of inspections in 2013-14 dropped to 13,099 with only 5,167 prosecutions launched against 15,460 inspections and 5,267 prosecutions launched in 2012-13.
Under the Equal Remuneration Act, only 2,881 inspections were conducted in 2013-14 against 4,167 in 2012-13, with the number of prosecutions launched at 831 against 773, respectively.
Even in the area of child labour, the number of inspections in 2013-14 fell to 1,380 from 2,421 in 2013-13, with no prosecution launched in 2013-14 against only 74 in the previous year.
Only 609 inspections were conducted and 11 prosecutions launched in 2013-14 under the payment of Bonus Act, against 905 inspections and 39 prosecutions launched in 2012-13.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Can Essien change Ecobanks fortunesShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Can Essien change Ecobank’s fortunes?
Dec 7, 2014 : Ecobank has experienced turbulence in the last few years, with mismanagement allegations and a governance crisis culminating in the ousting of Thierry Tanoh. The FT’s William Wallis asks new chief executive Albert Essien if its problems are behind it.

Crude below $69 as Morgan Stanley cuts forecastYou are here: Home > Collections
Brent stays below $69 after Morgan Stanley forecast, China trade data
Reuters Dec 8, 2014, 04.34PM IST
Tags:
Beijing
(Oil prices fell more than…)
LONDON: Brent crude oil fell almost $2 a barrel on Monday to a new five-year low on predictions that oversupply would keep building until next year after OPEC decided not to cut output.
"Without OPEC intervention, markets risk becoming unbalanced, with peak oversupply likely in the second quarter of 2015," Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Longson said.
In a report dated Dec. 5, the US investment bank said oil prices could fall as low as $43 a barrel next year. The bank cut its average 2015 Brent base-case outlook by $28 to $70 per barrel, and by $14 to $88 a barrel for 2016.
Brent crude for January was down $1.45 at $67.62 a barrel by 1030 GMT, having fallen $1.72 to $67.35 -- its lowest since October 2009.
US crude was down $1.16 at $64.68 a barrel, after hitting a session low of $64.63. The US contract, also known as West Texas Intermediate, touched $63.72 last week, its lowest since July 2009.
At a meeting last month, top oil exporter Saudi Arabia resisted calls from poorer members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to reduce production, fuelling a further slide in prices, which have lost more than 40 percent since June.
Signs that the US shale industry has yet to be hit by the slump in crude prices, adding three new oil-drilling rigs in the last week, further depressed the market.
"It was just a small increase, but nevertheless it was an increase despite the sharp price drop," said Carsten Fritsch, senior oil and commodities analyst at Commerzbank in Frankfurt.
"Given continued oversupply and still no sign yet that US oil production starts to show any reaction, perhaps prices will continue to head lower," he added.
Mixed Chinese trade data also unsettled prices.
China's imports shrank unexpectedly in November, falling 6.7 percent, while export growth slowed, fuelling concerns the world's second-largest economy could be facing a sharp slowdown.
China's crude oil imports rose 9 percent in November from October to 6.18 million barrels per day, suggesting the country may be boosting its reserves.
"If one looks at the overall economic indicators, they are all showing a picture of China which is stagnating rather than having strong growth," said Olivier Jakob, oil analyst at Petromatrix in Zug, Switzerland.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Never mind marketing  Uber says  take a ride but you re on your ownNever mind marketing, Uber says, take a ride but you're on your own
Pranav Dixit , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 08, 2014
First Published: 13:14 IST(8/12/2014) | Last Updated: 13:22 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
Uber makes a big deal on its website about how safe its rides are on the road. It's one of the reasons why many of us paid the premium for its services over our neighbourhood taxiwallah. Friday's incident, where a young woman was raped by an Uber driver in New Delhi cleared that smokescreen.
But it turns out that there's nothing in Uber's terms of service that would prevented an incident like this from happening.
You can drill down into the legalese here , but here is the relevant bit:
 
UBER DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE SUITABILITY, SAFETY OR ABILITY OF THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS. IT IS SOLELY YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO DETERMINE IF A THIRD PARTY PROVIDER WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS AND EXPECTATIONS. UBER WILL NOT PARTICIPATE IN DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND A THIRD PARTY PROVIDER. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU MAY BE EXPOSED TO SITUATIONS INVOLVING THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS THAT ARE POTENTIALLY UNSAFE, OFFENSIVE, HARMFUL TO MINORS, OR OTHERWISE OBJECTIONABLE, AND THAT USE OF THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS ARRANGED OR SCHEDULED USING THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND JUDGMENT. UBER SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO YOUR TRANSACTIONS OR RELATIONSHIP WITH THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS. 
 
In other words, if you take an Uber, you're on your own. The company takes  no responsibility for what happens to you - it's between you and your driver to sort things out.

Ahead of Imran Khan s rally  clashes between protesters  security forces turn fatalBy: Associated Press | Islamabad |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:44 pm
Demonstrations in one of Pakistan’s largest cities turned deadly on December 8 as one person was killed in clashes between protesters and security forces. The death seems certain to further inflame a mounting confrontation between the government and a former cricket star-turned-politician who has questioned the country’s election results.
Tensions have been escalating for weeks between the government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Imran Khan’s Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf party, which alleges widespread vote rigging in the country’s 2013 elections which brought Sharif to power. Khan has vowed to shut down a number of Pakistani cities as part of his campaign to get a recount of the votes.
Demonstrators clashed with police, many in riot gear, and other protesters. Pakistani television showed images of protesters hurling rocks and pushing against lines of police.
Dr. Tauseef Iqbal at the main hospital in Faisalabad said they had received one body of a man who appeared to have been killed by a bullet wound. Three other wounded people including one policeman had also been brought to the hospital, he said. It was not immediately clear who shot the victim, and police did not respond to repeated requests for comment.
Pakistani Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid confirmed the death, and promised that a man who was shown on local television footage firing a gun would be arrested and prosecuted.
Both sides blamed the other for the violence. A police official in Faisalabad said that groups of Khan supporters had been gathering at various spots around the city and clashing with authorities and with supporters of the prime minister. Shireen Mazari, a spokeswoman for Khan’s party, said their supporters had been peaceful and blamed Sharif’s Pakistan Muslim League-N, saying they had attacked first.
A spokesman for the Punjab provincial government told Geo TV that the people clashing with Khan’s supporters were not aligned with the ruling party, but Faisalabad is a major stronghold for the Sharif government.
Khan is expected to address a rally in the city later Monday.

Financial Technologies India Ltd sells 1.65 lakh shares of MCX-SX to Rakesh JhunjhunwalaFinancial Technologies India Ltd sells 1.65 lakh shares of MCX-SX to Rakesh Jhunjhunwala
4 Infosys co-founders gain $1.1 billion  investors lose $2 bnHi Guest
4 Infosys co-founders gain $1.1 billion, investors lose $2 bn
Image: Infosys Founders (from left) Nandan Nilekani, N S Raghavan, Kris Gopalakrishnan, N R Narayanmurthy, S D Shibulal and K Dinesh at Infosys headquarters. Photograph: Shailendra Bhojak/PTI     Four Infosys co-founders, including Narayana Murthy and Nandan Nilekani, and their families on Monday sold $1.1 billion (Rs 6,484 crore) worth shares -- within months of all original promoters exiting the management and Vishal Sikka becoming the first outsider CEO. While these four ...

Financial Technologies sells 1.65 lakh shares of MCX-SX to JhunjhunwalaFinancial Technologies India Ltd
(Last month FTIL signed agreements…)
NEW DELHI: Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) today said it has sold an additional 1.65 lakh shares to ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala for Rs 2.47 lakh in stock exchange MCX-SX , thereby completely exiting the bourse.
Last month, crisis-hit FTIL signed agreements to sell its entire 5 per cent stake, comprising of 2.7 crore equity shares and 56,24,60,000 warrants, for Rs 88.41 crore.
While equity shares were sold only to Jhunjhunwala, the warrants were divested to him and some other investors.
In a filing to the BSE, FTIL said: "The company has entered into an amendment to the share purchase and warrant agreement with Rakesh Jhunjhunwala for the sale of additional 1,65,000 equity shares for a consideration of Rs 2,47,500".
Post completion of this transaction, the Jignesh Shah-led FTIL would completely exit MCX-SX, it added.
For sale of its entire stake in MCX-SX, FTIL on November 25 had entered into a share and warrant purchase agreement with Jhunjhunwala.
Separate warrant purchase agreements were entered with Edelweiss Commodities Services, Trust Investment Advisors, Viral A Parikh, Nemish S Shah, Derive Investments, Kalpraj Dharamshi, Dhanesh Sumatilal Shah, Uday Shah, Madhuri Kela, Renuka Shah, SKS Capital & Research and Madhu Vadera Jayakumar.
FTIL has been in trouble ever since the Rs 5,600 crore payment scam surfaced at group firm NSEL in July last year.
The group is exiting from the exchange business and is focusing only on core technology business after commodity markets regulator FMC order in December 2013 declared FTIL and its founder Jignesh Shah as unfit to run any exchanges in view of this scam.
In August, FTIL exited commodity exchange MCX by selling its 26 per cent stake in the bourse, it had originally promoted. Of the total stake in MCX, 15 per cent were sold to Kotak Mahindra Bank for Rs 459 crore.
In another filing to the BSE, FTIL clarified that it had "erroneously stated", in its communique on November 25, that the company exited completely from MCX-SX.
"...nominal 165,000 equity shares were missed out due to decimal calculation which was subsequently sold to Rakesh Jhunjhunwala by entering into an amendment agreement completing the sale of total share of 2,71,65,000 on the basis of the present capital of MCX-SX."
Hence, after the sale of nominal 1.65 lakh shares, the company has completely exited from MCX-SX.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prince William And KatePrince William, Kate Begin US Visit With Royal Treatment
Dec 8, 2014, 8:07 AM ET
By CAROLYN DURAND via Good Morning America
Kate, left, Duchess of Cambridge and Britain's Prince William arrive at The Carlyle Hotel, Sunday, Dec. 7, 2014, in New York. They have a full schedule of events in New York, including a visit to the National Sept. 11 Memorial and Museum and an NBA basketball game between the Brooklyn Nets and the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Neilson Barnard, Pool)/AP Photo
Share
Copy
New Yorkers rolled out the royal red carpet for Prince William and a 5-month-pregnant Duchess Kate as they arrived Sunday to the Carlyle Hotel to throngs of screaming fans.
The couple flew first class on a British Airways flight as they begin their three-day trip to the United States.
"They are doing a number of things to support charities they really care about — disadvantage young people, mental health, illegal wildlife trade, which is something they have worked on in the past," British Ambassador Sir Peter Westmacott told ABC News.
Kate upped the fashion stakes, wearing a burgundy Seraphine coat while William held her hand as they stepped out of the car at the Carlyle.
All You Need to Know About Prince William and Duchess Kate's Trip to NYC
The couple then hit the town, attending an intimate dinner at the home of Martin Sorrell with 15 couples who are wealthy American donors to their Royal Foundation. Kate stunned in a black lace, knee-length dress accented with diamond chandelier dangling earrings.
They arrived without their son, Prince George, and have a packed itinerary. Prince William heads to Washington, D.C., today for a call with President Obama. He'll spend 20 minutes in the Oval Office with the president and then see Vice President Joe Biden.
"I hope that after a couple of days of this very intensive program, there will be a lot of happiness being shared, but I also hope that it will do a great deal of good for the United States and the United Kingdom," Westmacott said.
Prince William, 32, will also attend the International Corruption Hunters Alliance conference on preventing poaching and the illegal wildlife trade at the World Bank. His charity United for Wildlife has taken an active role in combating the lucrative ivory market.
The Duke of Cambridge later meets with Chelsea and Hillary Clinton for a conservation reception back in New York City that's co-hosted by the Clinton Foundation.
Meanwhile, Kate, 32, will stay put in New York City, heading to a Harlem at the Northside Center for Child Development with the first lady of New York City. The duchess is finally on the mend after her extreme morning sickness.
While security is tight around the royal couple, officials are confident that the preparation among British and U.S. security is sufficient.
"The planning is complicated, demanding, and the balance you have to try to strike is providing a level a security that you need without including any more than you have to and ensuring that they themselves can have something resembling a normal visit," Westmacott said.
"New Yorkers have always been incredibly welcoming to members of the Royal Family," he continued. "I think they were incredibly welcoming when Charles and Diana were here before. I think this will be no exception. There’s already a great deal excitement. This couple is hugely popular. They are doing their job wonderfully well. I think people will just be very excited to see them and hope they will enjoy their visit to the Big Apple."
Page

Homeland is almost great againMark Moses as Dennis Boyd and Laila Robins as Martha Boyd in “Homeland.” (Ilze Kitshoff/Showtime)
This post discusses the plot of the Dec. 7 episode of “Homeland.”
As Dennis (Mark Moses) and Martha Boyd (Laila Robins) were herded into the embassy’s panic room along with CIA Director Andrew Lockhart (Tracy Letts) toward the beginning of “13 Hours in Islamabad,” I found myself wishing for something unexpected: that “Homeland” would do a bottle episode . In previous seasons, the thought of spending a whole hour of television in a single room with the show’s characters — particularly if those characters were going to be Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) and Sgt. Nicholas Brody (Damian Lewis) — might have been unbearable.
But “Homeland” has done an excellent job this season of fleshing out its roster of characters, enough so that I wouldn’t have minded slowing down the show’s newly confident action sequences  for an episode and just letting the characters talk to one another. Given that Haissam Haqqani (Numan Acar) has invaded the U.S. Embassy, though, I can forgive “13 Hours in Islamabad” a few frenetic firefights and the sight of Peter Quinn (Rupert Friend) off on a revenge mission in exchange for the tense, acting-driven moments “Homeland” decides to grant us.
Among the best parts of the episode were the sequences in which we got a look at who Lockhart really is under pressure. For two seasons now, the wily CIA director, who used congressional hearings to advance his plan to take Saul’s job, has talked a good, tough game.
But under actual fire, he wilts. He doesn’t understand the culture of his own agency enough to comprehend why Sandy Bachman (Corey Stoll) kept a single, physical-copy list of his assets in Pakistan under lock and key in the embassy rather than backing it up digitally at Langley, where it might have been vulnerable to leaks. And when Haqqani and his men march into the room where agents are burning documents and destroying their hard drives, Lockhart cowers against a wall, paralyzed by his first sight of violence. A CIA agent has to tell the director to run, to safeguard the tremendously classified information in his hands. Lockhart is in no position to give orders.
And once Haqqani arrives at the panic room, using the security camera mounted above the door to force the embassy staff to bear witness to his executions of CIA agents, Lockhart reveals himself to be not just prone to panic, but also sentimental. After watching two of his men get shot in the head, Lockhart crumbles when Haqqani holds a knife to Fara’s (Nazanin Boniadi) throat. Maybe it’s because she’s a woman, or maybe it’s because he has been sickened by previous beheading videos, but Lockhart makes the highly emotional decision to give Haqqani what he wants: Bachman’s list of names, all of whom Haqqani will clearly kill, probably in some deeply terrible ways.
“It’s a war,” Martha tells Lockhart, trying to get him to stand his ground, no matter how awful it might be. Lockhart pushes her to the ground and begins begging Haqqani for patience over the intercom. Of course, Haqqani kills Fara anyway. In every way possible, Lockhart has shown himself unfit for the pressure of his job and unable to understand the nature of the conflict that he has had a part in directing. I dearly hope “Homeland” finds a way to deal with his actions, not least as an apology for inflicting Lockhart’s smarm on us for so many episodes, but also because they say a lot about the dangers of technocratic overconfidence.
The other standout part of the episode is a conversation between Dennis and Martha after the attack is over. While the attack was ongoing, Dennis’s treachery was a lower priority than mere survival. But in the grim aftermath, the true cost of Dennis’s pathetic quest to feel important and manly  gets toted up, and Martha is justifiably even more disgusted than she was before.
“36 people lost their lives today, Dennis,” she tells him wearily when he summons her to detention. “Why am I here? What do you want?” Martha demands of her husband, convinced they have nothing left to say to each other. “Give me your belt,” Dennis asks her, asking for the opportunity to commit suicide rather than be taken back to the United States. “Think about it, Martha. I could spare you a lot of heartache.” “Yourself, you mean,” Martha tells him bitterly and with great clarity. But ultimately, she gets Dennis’s own belt out of the safe and tosses it on the floor outside Dennis’s cell like so much garbage, in reach of her ruined husband.
“Homeland” has gotten a bit hanging-happy over the past two episodes. So I was pleasantly gratified by the twist here, that Dennis turns out not to have the fortitude to carry out his grandiose plan to sacrifice himself for the sake of Martha’s reputation. The look on Laila Robins’s face as Martha looks at Dennis, slumped forward in the car that will ferry him on the first step of his journey back to the United States and his eventual conviction for treason, is more terrible a weapon than any of the guns or knives wielded in this episode.
The one weak link in the episode is Fara’s death, which is dramatic and well staged but lacks the impact it might have had if “Homeland” had invested more time in developing her as a character. After Carrie’s return to the embassy, a devastated Max (Maury Sterling) tells her: “You were mean. All she wanted was your approval. And all you gave her was a hard time … You could have said something nice, just once. It would have meant so much.”
Max can describe Fara only in terms of her relationship to Carrie, because all that “Homeland” ever really let her be was a repository for other people’s senses of anxiety or responsibility. And while “Homeland” has made an incredibly impressive comeback this season, “13 Hours in Islamabad” is a powerful reminder that it is a much better show when it has the confidence to let Carrie be part of the ensemble, rather than be the whole show.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Heres how irrational flu vaccine deniers areBy Chris Mooney December 8 Follow chriscmooney
In this Nov. 27, 2014 photo, Walgreens pharmacist Chris Nguyen gives a free flu shot to Sandra Bazaldua in Houston, Texas. The flu vaccine may not be very effective this winter, according to U.S. health officials who worry this may lead to more serious illnesses and deaths. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued an advisory to doctors about the situation Wednesday, Dec. 3, 2014. (AP Photo/Houston Chronicle, Gary Coronado)
It's flu season, a time when health authorities loudly advise getting a flu shot (even if, yes, this year's shot may be somewhat less effective  than in other years). But unfortunately -- as with all things vaccine related -- it's also the season for misinformation, especially among the subset of the U.S. public that is worried about vaccines or that, erroneously, believes them to be somehow dangerous.
In particular, one myth about the flu vaccine -- widely enough held that the FDA and CDC have  tried to directly debunk it -- is that you can actually get the flu from getting the shot. The reality , of course, is that the shot contains viruses that have been inactivated and can't make you sick. Nonetheless, the prevalence of this false belief may partly explain why flu vaccine rates are quite low -- only about 42 percent among U.S. adults.
So what do you do to rid people's heads of myths like these, and get them to vaccinate? Unfortunately, suggests a new study , telling them the straight up facts may not work -- it may even backfire.
The new study is by Dartmouth's Brendan Nyhan and the University of Exeter's Jason Reifler, two longtime scholarly chroniclers of people's irrationality when it comes to accepting facts that challenge their belief systems -- a phenomenon that is pervasive in public debates about science, health, the environment, and much more. Nyhan and Reifler have  previously documented a so-called "backfire effect" in studies of conservative views about George W. Bush's tax cuts and the Iraq war -- where providing a factual correction of false statements attributed to Bush in a newspaper article led conservatives to believe them more strongly afterwards . Moreover, in a  study last year , they similarly showed that a variety of pro-vaccine messages not only failed to sway opponents of vaccinations, but some messages actually decreased their intent to vaccinate or made their wrong beliefs worse.
Now, in their new study in the journal Vaccine, Nyhan and Reifler present test subjects with messages about the flu vaccine. One message (based on language from the CDC ) directly debunked the idea that the vaccine can give you the flu. Another message ( also based on CDC language ) simply described how dangerous the flu can be. Finally, there was a control group, in which subjects didn't hear a message about the flu at all, but were simply asked (as were all participants) about their views on how risky vaccines are, whether the flu vaccine can cause you to get sick, and whether they intended to get a flu shot.
There was some bad news right off the bat: Fully 43 percent of people believed that getting the flu vaccine can actually cause you to get the flu. When it came to hearing a correction of this myth, though, results were a little better:  The correction did seem to make people less likely to believe the myth about the dangers of the vaccine -- and even did so among those research subjects who were most fearful of vaccine side effects in general.
However, when the researchers then examined subjects' likeliness to vaccinate themselves against the flu, they found -- disturbingly -- that among these vaccine fearful individuals, hearing a debunking of flu vaccine risks actually led to them being less likely to say they planned on getting the flu vaccine. That's right -- the CDC's language was "actually counterproductive among the group that we’d be most concerned about from a public health perspective, which is the people who are most hesitant about vaccines," explains Dartmouth's Nyhan.
Here's a figure from the study, showing this effect -- the vaccine hesitant people are on the right ("High side effects concern"), and the "Correction" group is the one in which subjects heard the flu vaccine myth actively debunked:
Brendan Nyhan and Jason Reifler, " Does correcting myths about the flu vaccine work? An experimental evaluation about the effects of corrective information ," Vaccine, 2014.
In sum, it looks like yet another backfire effect!
So –what’s up with this? Or more precisely, how can vaccine skeptics simultaneously be swayed by good and accurate pro-vaccine information, and yet simultaneously become less likely to get vaccinated? The result, says Nyhan, suggests that factual misperceptions about vaccines -- like the myth that the flu vaccine causes the flu --"are more a consequence of people’s mixed or negative attitudes towards vaccines, rather than the cause. So when we challenge one misperception, people may simply bring to mind other misconceptions or concerns that they have, and remind themselves of their more general concern about vaccines in the first place."
In light of recent revelations that the flu vaccine may be less effective than usual this season, public health authorities already have their  hands full trying to explain why people should, nonetheless, go out and get a flu shot. The latest research suggests they're not going to get a lot of help from the human mind.
Chris Mooney reports on science and the environment.

Watch the SNL Ferguson skit that didnt make the cutBy Sarah Larimer December 8 Follow @slarimer
Rise and Smile. (Screengrab/YouTube)
“Saturday Night Live” this weekend looked at the Rev. Al Sharpton and a grand jury’s decision in the Eric Garner case, in a sketch you can watch here if you didn’t catch it when the show first aired. But “ SNL” also tackled the unrest in Ferguson, Mo. , in this skit that was apparently cut due to time constraints.
The sketch, which features Cecily Strong and Kenan Thompson , shows a St. Louis morning crew struggle to get through a daily broadcast. James Franco is also there, cooking eggs. (You’ll see.)
The clip was posted online Sunday, and had already received more than 300,000 YouTube views by early Monday morning. You can watch it below.
What do you think? Funny? Not funny? Meh? Too soon? Too far? Just far enough but really came close there? Or … [Insert whatever opinion I haven't listed yet here, I guess.]
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

India s Modi takes political campaign to Kashmir separatist strongholdIndia s Modi takes political campaign to Kashmir separatist stronghold
India s current account deficit widens to USD 10.1 bn in Q2India s current account deficit widens to USD 10.1 bn in Q2
Not correct for govt to push Gita as nationall scripture: Shashi TharoorPeshawar attack: John Kerry calls Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif expresses condolences
Joining the chorus of disapproval over External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj’s proposal to have the Bhagwat Gita declared a national scripture, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor today questioned how one holy book could be deemed as being “holier” than others in a multi- faith country.
“I am also a Hindu, but in our religion there is not one holy book, there are many books. If you take Gita, what about the Vedas? What about Upanishads?… There are many opinions, we cannot just like that say that one book is holier than others,” Tharoor told reporters outside Parliament.
He also wondered as to how there could be talk of one national holy book when several religions are practised in the country.
“I am of the opinion that for the government to talk about such things is not correct,” Tharoor added.
Swaraj had yesterday pressed for the Centre to declare the Gita as a ‘Rashtriya Granth’ (national scripture) with the demand touching off a controversy.
Swaraj made the remarks while speaking at ‘Gita Prerna Mahotsav’, organised to celebrate 5,151 years of the religious text at the Red Fort Maidan here where VHP President Ashok Singhal had said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi should immediately declare the holy book as a national scripture.
The minister had said that she was able to face challenges as the external affairs minister only because of the teachings of the Gita.
TAGS: Shashi Tharoor Sushma Swaraj
More from miscellaneous

Delia s  Casualty of Retail Slump  to LiquidateIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Acer partners Snapdeal to restart smartphone biz in IndiaDec 08, 2014, 08.23 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Acer partners Snapdeal to restart smartphone biz in India
The company launched Android Kitkat platform based Liquid Jade dual sim model for Rs 16,999 which has a 5-inch scratch resistant Gorilla glass 3 display, quad-core processor, 2 GB RAM, 16 GB internal memory and 13 megapixel main camera.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Acer partners Snapdeal to restart smartphone biz in India
The company launched Android Kitkat platform based Liquid Jade dual sim model for Rs 16,999 which has a 5-inch scratch resistant Gorilla glass 3 display, quad-core processor, 2 GB RAM, 16 GB internal memory and 13 megapixel main camera.
Post your opinion here
 
Taiwanese IT company Acer today restarted its smartphone business in India in partnership with e-commerce firm Snapdeal with the launch of two new handsets, priced at Rs 11,999 and Rs 16,999, respectively.
"We have strong presence in IT business. IT industry is converging and at a point colliding with handset business. We want to leverage our strength of IT and smartphone business will compliment it," Acer Group's Vice President (smartphones) Allen Burnes said at the launch event.
The company launched Android Kitkat platform based Liquid Jade dual sim model for Rs 16,999 which has a 5-inch scratch resistant Gorilla glass 3 display, quad-core processor, 2 GB RAM, 16 GB internal memory and 13 megapixel main camera.
The other model, Liquid E700, priced at Rs 11,999 has a 5-inch high definition screen. The phone has slot for three sims and comes with 3,500 mAh battery which promises up to 24 hours of talk time, 60 hours of standby time, 12 hours of video viewing and 100 hours of music playback.
"India is a big market, particularly a big wireless market and soon there will be wide spread of 3G and 4G services. Not being here will be a strategic error," Burnes said.
Liquid E700 is also built on Android Kitkat platform and has a quad-core processor, 2GB RAM and 16 GB of internal storage besides a micro SD card slot for expandable storage. The company will start selling its phones exclusively on Snapdeal from December 10.
"We are currently reaching out to about 5,000 pin code locations. Acer will be able to have large geographic reach from Day 1 of launching its products," Snapdeal Vice President for Business Strategy Abhishek Passi said.
Passi said Snapdeal is looking to double the number of sellers on its platform to 1 million in next 3 years. "We are also reaching out to people who do not have access to Internet shopping through Fino stores. We have done pilot (project) across their 200 stores and expand our presence in phased manner to about 7,000 centres," Passi added.
RELATED NEWS

US Stocks Slip in Morning as Energy Shares SlumpIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Congress brings politics to Uber cabs Delhi rape case  blasts Narendra ModiPeshawar attack: John Kerry calls Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif expresses condolences
Questioning Narendra Modi government’s claims of ‘Achche din’ in India in the wake of the Uber cabs Delhi rape case, the Mahila Congress workers today staged a protest against increasing number of crimes against women and demanded stern action against the culprits.
“There has been a steep increase of 15.25 per cent atrocities against women in the country, especially in Delhi. Four cases of rape are registered on a daily basis and many more goes unregistered. What have the authorities and government done?” asked Shobha Oza, President and spokesperson of AIMC.
Raising slogans against Modi Government, members of Mahila Congress pushed the barricades and questioned how a commoner will respect the laws in this country when their own ministers don’t comply with the laws.
“Nihal Chand has a rape case lodged against him…Session court is looking for him, police is looking for him and he still continues to be a minister. All this clearly shows that government is totally insensitive to woman atrocities,” Oza alleged.
Citing the case of the 32-year-old cabbie who allegedly raped an executive on Friday night, one of the members of the Mahila Congress talked about the inaction on the part of government to check such cases.
“Jo garajte hai wo baraste nahi. They talk about having 56 inch chest but they don’t seem to be capable of even saving their mothers and daughters” another worker said.
Dr Onika Mehrotra, State President, Mahila Congress said that despite protests by various groups, crime in the city continues to take place because of the lack of implementation of safety measures.
TAGS: Delhi Narendra Modi Rape Uber
More from miscellaneous

Modi rally packed with people from Jammu: OmarSydney terror attack: System failed to track siege gunman, says Australia PM Tony Abbott
Taking a swipe at Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah today accused it of bringing in supporters from other parts of the state for Prime Mister Narendra Modi’s rally here.
“2 (two) trainloads of supporters are being brought in from Banihal in Jammu. Why not just have the rally there?” Omar wrote on Twitter, ahead of Modi’s maiden election rally in Srinagar.
“Not a single BJP flag or banner on the vehicles or with the people I saw walking into the stadium. Such a telling sign of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) support,” Omar said in another tweet.
Omar’s official residence is close to the venue of the rally.
The Chief Minister also hit out at Congress, which was coalition partner of his National Conference for the last six years, saying even some leaders supported by Congress have been asked to provide people for the rally.
“Amazingly even Cong(ress) supported ‘leaders’ have been asked to contribute people to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) rally. Politics makes for strange bedfellows,” he said.
Omar was apparently referring to Agriculture Minister Ghulam Hassan Mir, who joined the cabinet in 2009 from Congress quota, though he had contested the 2008 elections as an independent candidate.
Congress has not fielded any candidate from Gulmarg Assembly seat, where Mir is seeking a third consecutive term.
The Chief Minister also claimed that separatist-turned mainstream politician Sajjad Gani Lone, who is contesting the assembly elections from Handwara in Kupwara district, had provided 80 vehicles for ferrying his supporters for the Prime Minister’s rally here.
“So @sajadlone is sending about 80 vehicles of supporters from Kupwara to help his “big brother” make up the numbers,” he added.
TAGS: Omar Abdullah
More from miscellaneous

MDMK quitting: BJP rejects its charges; NDA to remainunaffectedBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 9:16 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 8:49 am
With MDMK becoming the first ally to quit NDA, BJP on Monday remained unfazed rejecting the southern party’s contention that the Centre was acting against the interest of Tamils and signalled that it would not like any of its partners oppose the government.
Senior BJP leader and Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said the government was doing its best to protect the interests of Tamils in Sri Lanka and needed to maintain better ties with Sri Lanka as it was India’s neighbour.
“We cannot have a partner opposing the government. If somebody is not happy, we cannot help,” he said, adding opposing and supporting the government cannot go on simultaneously.
Naidu said BJP is a national and nationalist party and have to work for national interests that includes maintaining good ties with neighbours like Sri Lanka.
“We have to keep the national interest in mind. Sri Lanka is our neighbour. We have to maintain good relations with all nations around us, including Sri Lanka. Whatever we have to do to protect the interests of Tamils in Sri Lanka, we are doing our best. We are doing everything to the best of our abilities,” he said.
To drive home his point, Naidu recalled how the Centre had used diplomacy to get the convicted fishermen freed.
Earlier, BJP general secretary P Muralidhar Rao said the departure of the Vaiko-led party would not have any impact on the BJP at the ground level in the state.
“I am confident that BJP and NDA will not get affected at the ground level in Tamil Nadu, against the backdrop of MDMK severing ties with us,” said Rao, who is in-charge of party affairs in Tamil Nadu.
Underscoring that the parting of ways by MDMK was “unfortunate”, he stressed that BJP had restrained from reacting to the “provocative” statements of Vaiko.
“We were completely restrained, though he was taking potshots in public,” Rao said, alleging that MDMK attempted to provoke BJP with its planned statements against Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the NDA government.

Dutch judges ban taxi serviceUberPOPBy: Agence-France Presse | The Hague |
Posted: December 8, 2014 9:03 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 7:41 pm
Dutch judges on Monday banned the popular ride-sharing service UberPOP from taking bookings via its smartphone app, threatening the US company with fines of up to USD 123,000.
A court ordered Uber to stop its UberPOP service, which allows non-professional drivers to register with Uber via a mobile phone and offer trips in their own cars at half the price of a regular cab.
“Drivers who transport people for payment without a licence are breaking the law,” said the decision from the Hague-based Trade and Industry Appeals Tribunal.
Uber could be fined up to 100,000 euros (USD 123,000), and drivers could face fines of 10,000 euros (USD 12,278) for continuing to work, up to a maximum of 40,000 euros.
A defiant Uber reacted in a statement by saying it “will continue to offer UberPOP.” Monday’s decision “is simply the first step in a long-running judicial battle,” the San Francisco-based company added.
UberPOP is one of several services offered by the online taxi startup, which appealed a Dutch government decision in September to have it banned.
Uber said that it was merely offering a “car-sharing service.” But the judges sided with government on Monday, pointing out that Uber receives a 20 percent commission for each trip.
Uber launched UberPOP as a pilot project in Amsterdam between July and September.
Last week Uber extended the service to The Hague and Rotterdam. Several drivers were arrested in Amsterdam in October and fined 1,500 euros. Drivers were also arrested on the first day of operations in Rotterdam.
Uber has expanded at breakneck speed since it launched in 2009 and is now present in more than 200 cities across 45countries.
But its rapid growth has caused tensions, especially in Europe where rival taxi companies have protested that Uber cars are not subject to the same regulations.
A tribunal in Paris, France, will decide on Friday whether Uber’s services constitute unfair competition to traditional taxi drivers.
Delhi’s government on Monday banned Uber from operating in the Indian capital after a passenger accused one of its drivers of rape.

NCP names Dhananjay Munde as LoP in statecouncilWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 8:44 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 8:56 pm
The NCP appears determined to grab the post of opposition leader in both state legislative assembly and council to undermine the Congress’ political identity as the main opposition party in Maharashtra.
On Monday, NCP has re-asserted its claim for LOP post both in state legislative assembly and council. While, NCP is all set to get LoP in council, decision in assembly is being legally scrutinized.
On Monday, party took the decision to appoint young turk Dhananjay Munde as the leader of opposition in state legislative council. The NCP gave a letter recommending Dhananjay Munde’s name as opposition leader in state legislative council to chairman of the state council Shivajirao Deshmukh. The formal decision will be taken soon.
Speaking to Indian Express, NCP leader Ajit Pawar said, “ Dhananjay is young and dynamic. We have taken the decision to appoint him as the leader of the opposition in state legislative council.” Pawar indicated, “ Our decision was guided by party’s concerns and not aimed
at undermining anybody or countering our rivals.”
The senior leader Sunil Tatkare was one option but he already holds the post of state BJP president. So, we took the decision to have
Dhananjay Munde to head the state council. Dhananjay is member of state legislative council representing the NCP.
In 2009, Dhananjay revolted against his uncle Gopinath Munde and quit the parent party BJP. He joined the NCP against the wishes of Gopinath Munde. What irked Dhananjay was Gopinath Munde’s decision to field his eldest daughter Pankaja Munde from Parli (Beed).
Dhananjay felt let down by his uncle who sidelined him when it came to giving assembly ticket.
After Gopinath Munde’s demise, his second daughter Pritam Khade (MP) got elected from Beed Lok Sabha seat which he represented.
His eldest daughter Pankaja Munde (MLA) from Parli assembly segment in district Beed is minister in BJP-Sena government.
The NCP appears to be making a well calculated moves to reassert its political identity as the opposition party in Maharashtra. In council,
NCP which has more MLCs compared to the Congress faces no challenge.
Not surprisingly, Congress leaders did not even stake its claim in state council.
According to Congress leader in state assembly Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil, “ In council we know NCP is ahead. So, they have every right
to appoint council leader. It is their discretion whom they chose to lead the state council.”
However, Vikhe-Patil lamented that NCP was not showing grace to consider their legitimate claim for the role of opposition leader in state assembly.
He said, “ The Congress with 42 MLAs is ahead of NCP 41 in state assembly. So, why is NCP still creating hurdles in our
way.”
However, Pawar said, “ Along with NCP (41) MLAs we have the support of independents and smaller groups which take our total tally beyond 46 MLAs. We are just putting the facts on record and claiming what is our right.”
The Congress’ decision to stage a demonstration against drought situation in Maharashtra turned out a flop show. MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre and senior assembly group leader Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil lead the morcha on drought. But only a handful of MLAs continued…

Politics over Delhi rape: Congress slams govt  reminds Narendra Modi his women safetysloganBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 8:26 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 9:45 pm
Latching on to the alleged rape of an executive by a cab driver, Congress on Monday attacked Narendra Modi government over “rise” in such incidents in the national capital and reminded the BJP of its Lok Sabha poll slogan of women safety.
“After this particular incident of a woman’s rape, two more such incidents have also happened in Delhi. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who was then the BJP’s PM candidate used to call Delhi rape capital after Nirbhaya gang rape case (in 2012). Figures, however, say the incidents of rape in Delhi in November 2014 have risen 15 per cent more than what it was in November 2013.
“This should be a matter of shame for any government but the Prime Minister has not talked anything about it. This despite that Modi and BJP had in the run up to Lok Sabha polls had given the slogan (Bahut hua naari par waar, Abki baar Modi sarkar),” party spokesperson Shakeel Ahmed told reporters.
The party also released a copy of the character certificate purportedly issued by Delhi police to the accused cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav and wondered that when the police have certified the person, “what is the logic of cancelling transport permit of the cab company.”
“This logic is not understandable. Will you cancel the licence of metro train if a rape happens there or for that matter a bus,” he said.
Congress demanded that the Modi government should actwhere it has a direct responsibility. He also alleged that the BJP had tried to take political mileage of the Nirbhaya gang rape case.
Congress MP Kumari Selja said the laws exist, but it is the duty of the government to enforce the law.
“He (the driver) has a history of crime. This also shows that our law has some anomalies which is why such people commit crime even after being jailed.
“It is important to enforce the law properly. I don’t think under the new government anything has been happening on ground (on women safety),” Selja said outside the Parliament.

Pradhan dials Korea to rescue GAIL LNG ship ...Dharmendra Pradhan dials Korea to rescue GAIL LNG ship tender
ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.06AM IST
Tags:
Daewoo Ship Building
(Pradhan met Joon-Gyu Lee,…)
NEW DELHI: India has sought the Korean government's intervention in sorting out technology transfer hurdles faced by Korean companies to clinch state-run GAIL India's deal, which is one of the biggest global tenders for shipbuilding.
Oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan on Monday told Ambassador of Republic of Korea Joon-gyu Lee that Korean government should relax its technology transfer policy as this was "a very good opportunity for the Korean shipbuilders to expand their business to India", an oil ministry statement said.
GAIL has invited global bids for nine specialised carriers for importing gas worth $2.5 billion annually from the US and made it conditional to build three out of nine ships in India.
While four Korean firms have the required technical qualification, the companies say the Korean government prohibits technology transfer, the statement said. Korean shipyards have citied government restrictions such as technology of LNG ship design and construction, which is registered as Korea's National Core Technology and is handled at the national level.
"Korean government intervention in sorting out the technology transference hindrance would greatly help in collaboration between the Indian and Korean shipyards," the statement said. The meeting between Pradhan and the Korean Ambassador was held to apprise that GAIL's shipbuilding tender has a mandatory provision of building three ships in partnership with Indian shipyards.
FEATURED ARTICLES

4 Infy co-founders sell $1 bn shares; Investors lose $2bnInfosys
(A total of 3.26 crore shares,…)
BENGALURU/MUMBAI: Families of four Infosys co-founders, including Narayana Murthy and Nandan Nilekani , today sold over $1 billion (Rs 6,484 crore) worth shares -- within months of all original promoters exiting the management and Vishal Sikka becoming the first outsider CEO.
While these four co-founders, which also include former CEO S D Shibulal and K Dinesh, have monetised only part of their holdings -- for entrepreneurship and philanthropic activities -- their action led to a sharp plunge of about 5 per cent in the IT heavyweight's share price eroding almost $two billion from the company's market capitalisation.
A total of 3.26 crore shares, accounting for over 5.5 per cent stake in the company, were sold through multiple deals by Murthy, Nilekani, Dinesh and some of their family members, as well as wife of Shibulal.
Infosys, which currently commands a market value of about Rs 2.25 lakh crore, was founded by seven engineers, including these four, by pooling together just $250 in 1981, while all the promoters together held 15.92 per cent stake at the end of last quarter.
The shares were sold to domestic and foreign institutional investors at an average price of Rs 1,988.87, as per Deutsche Equities India, which executed the deals.
The sale has been done to partially monetise their stake, after more than three decades of setting up the company. Some portion of the proceeds will also be used by the founders towards philanthropic activities.
The shares have been sold at a time when the company has gone through a major governance and management restructuring. The last of the Infosys founders stepped down from the board in October this year, while former SAP executive Vishal Sikka has taken over as the CEO. This is the first time that someone other than the co-founders has been appointed as CEO.
Infosys shares have been up 21.4 per cent since the beginning of the year, but slipped 4.88 per cent to close at Rs 1968.60 at the BSE today.
In a statement, Murthy said: "Our family has sold a minor part of our stake to continue various activities including our efforts to encourage entrepreneurship and our personal philanthropic efforts."
"These are activities that I expect to be busy with during the next phase of my life. Even after this sale our family continues to be the largest shareholder among retail shareholders. We have tremendous confidence in the future of Infosys and its leaders," said Murthy.
Murthy and family sold 1.2 crore shares for Rs 2386.55 crore and still is left with 2.34 crore shares. Nilekani and his wife Rohini sold 1.2 crore shares for Rs 2,386.23 crore and are left with 1.96 crore shares.
Dinesh and family sold 62 lakh shares for Rs 1,233.65 crore and still retains 2.25 crore shares. Shibulal's wife Kumari sold 24 lakh shares for Rs 477.38 crore.
Infosys shares have so far risen 23 per cent since the company in June hired Vishal Sikka, the first chief executive officer that wasn't one of the seven founders. That is more than double the gain in the benchmark index.
FEATURED ARTICLES

OBC cuts rates on select term deposits by 0.10%Dec 08, 2014, 08.48 PM IST  | Source: PTI
OBC cuts rates on select term deposits by 0.10%
The new rates, which is for term deposits less than Rs 1 crore, will come to effect from December 9, 2014, the bank said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
OBC cuts rates on select term deposits by 0.10%
The new rates, which is for term deposits less than Rs 1 crore, will come to effect from December 9, 2014, the bank said.
Post your opinion here
 
Public sector lender Oriental Bank of Commerce  has cut interest rates on select deposits by 0.10 percent to 8.90 percent.
"...has informed BSE that the bank has revised interest rate on term deposits with maturity period 1 year to less than 2 years from 9 percent to 8.90 percent," it said in a regulatory filing to the BSE today.
The new rates, which is for term deposits less than Rs 1 crore, will come to effect from December 9, 2014, the bank said.
Last week, country's largest lender State Bank of India ( SBI ) had cut the deposit rates on maturities of over one year by 0.25 percent, following reduction in deposit rates by private sector peers ICICI Bank  and HDFC Bank .
SBI's deposit of 1 year and less than 5 years will bear interest rate of 8.5 percent, from 8.75 percent earlier, while for deposits of 5 years and above, the rate has been reduced to 8.25 percent from 8.50 percent earlier.
Before this, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank had slashed deposit rates by up to 0.50 per cent for maturities of up to 1 year.
State-run IDBI Bank had also cut rates on deposits by 0.50 percent cut for maturities starting from 6 months to 20 years.
Shares of Oriental Bank of Commerce today closed 1.38 percent higher at Rs 318.75 apiece on the BSE.
Oriental Bank stock price
On December 10, 2014, Oriental Bank of Commerce closed at Rs 295.30, up Rs 0.00, or 0.00 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 377.30 and the 52-week low was Rs 160.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 39.71 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 7.44. The latest book value of the company is Rs 447.91 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.66.
RELATED NEWS

Sweden says it will pursue a feminist foreign policy to counter macho Russian aggression By Eugene Volokh December 8 Follow @volokhc
The Swedish minesweeper HMS Kullen, left, and a guard boat in Namdo Bay, Sweden, on Oct. 21, 2014, on their fifth day of searching for a suspected foreign vessel in the Stockholm archipelago. (Fredrik Sandberg/TT News Agency via AP) 
“… even if no one really knows what that means.” An interesting article by Nathalie Rothschild (Foreign Policy) ; here’s an excerpt, though you should read the whole piece:
Margot Wallström, the newly minted foreign minister, has said that under her leadership Sweden will become the only country in the world to conduct a “feminist foreign policy.” That’s a perspective that flows from U.N. Security Council Resolution 1325, a landmark measure that recognized both the disproportionate impact war has on women and the role women must play in ensuring peace and security….
By empowering women, the argument goes, there are better chances of snuffing out wars before they start and of ending them in more equitable ways. However, it is less clear what such a feminist foreign policy has to say about the old-school power politics that Putin has helped resuscitate in the past year.
During a recent debate in the Swedish parliament, Wallström said that her feminist approach is based on the American political scientist Joseph Nye’s concept of “smart power.” “The tools of foreign policy can, in varying degrees, be hard as well as soft. The situation at hand determines this,” Wallström said. “The half of the population that so far has been almost systematically excluded and forgotten — namely, women — will now be included.”
Asked how she believes a feminist foreign policy will help end Russian aggression, Wallström suggested it would be useful to review women’s participation in the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe and to look at what it does to address the problems women face — a statement exactly as vague as it sounds …
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Committee gives recommendations on Insurance...Jaitley said that he was hopeful that the insurance market expansion would take place once the Insurance Amendment Bill is passed by Parliament.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The long-awaited insurance Bill, which will raise the overseas investment limit in the sector to 49% from 26%, looks set to become law before the year is out with a majority on the parliamentary select committee ready to give its assent.
The Bill's passage into law — once cleared by the Upper House and approved by the President — will bolster the Narendra Modi government's economic reform credentials. The Chandan Mitra-headed committee has given the green signal to the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, a member told ET, confirming the development. "Mostly, all parties are on board... We do not expect more than four members to submit their dissent," the committee member said.
Also, there is agreement on this limit being a composite one, which means it doesn't bar portfolio investors. That would make it more attractive for insurers as it opens up the options when it comes to raising capital or exiting. The government plans to stick to the proposed formulation of capping total foreign investment at 49%, a senior government source said.
Along with the goods & services tax (GST), this is one of the reform measures most closely watched by international investors and, if passed, will be read as an affirmation of the Narendra Modi government's resolve to speed up economic liberalisation.
Report to be Tabled Tomorrow
The select committee report is likely to be presented in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday after which the Union government will take a call on whether to present the Bill with amendments or as it is. The government is keen to push the legislation through in the winter session of Parliament, which ends on December 23. Members have been given until Tuesday evening to formally present any dissent notes.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Monday that he was hopeful insurance market expansion would take place once the Bill was passed by Parliament. In a statement, he expressed his sense of satisfaction over the recommendations made by the parliamentary select committee. The cash-starved insurance sector has been demanding further liberalisation of the foreign investment limit and has pegged capital needs at more than Rs 50,000 crore.
Insurance penetration in the country declined to 3.96% of GDP in 2012-13 from 5.2% of GDP in 2009-10. The insurance industry is hopeful that the government will be able to pass the Bill in the current session of Parliament. "It has been long overdue. The 49% composite increase should help the industry, and the sector stands to gain around Rs 8,000 crore as FDI (foreign direct investment)," said a senior executive at a private life insurer.
Most Indian partners holding a 74% stake in their insurance venture with foreign partners are unable to infuse the funds needed to expand. The Modi government has promised several reforms to get the country's economy back on to a high-growth trajectory following two years of below-5% growth. The government has already opened up the railways to FDI and raised the overseas investment limit in defence to 49% from 26%.
Jaitley had said in his July budget speech that the insurance sector was investment-starved and several segments of the sector badly need to be expanded. "The composite cap in the insurance sector is proposed to be increased up to 49% from the current level of 26%, with full Indian management and control, through the FIPB (Foreign Investment Promotion Board) route," Jaitley had said in his budget speech. The government had agreed to send the insurance Bill to the select committee in the last session of Parliament to get Opposition members, especially from Congress, on board, after they voiced some concerns.
The panel had been given a further extension until December 12. According to officials aware of the deliberations of the 15-member committee, those belonging to the Janata Dal (United), Samajwadi Party, CPI(M) and Trinamool Congress are expected to submit their dissent. But Congress is said to be agreeable to the legislation. The insurance Bill has been with the Rajya Sabha since 2008.
In October 2012, the Cabinet had cleared 49% foreign investment in the sector. However, Parliament's standing committee on finance headed by former finance minister and BJP member Yashwant Sinha had suggested that the cap be kept at 26%.

Give BJP a chance  Modi appeals to strife-torn KashmirComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday requested voters in the Muslim-majority Kashmir Valley to give the BJP a chance and drew on the army indicting nine soldiers for the Budgam shooting to illustrate his intentions to create peace and development in the strife-torn state.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses an election campaign rally at Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar. (PTI photo)
He gave credit to his government for the indictment of soldiers involved in the death of a youth after they fired at a car during a routine check in Budgam on November 3.
The PM said at his maiden poll rally in Srinagar “it was Modi sarkar ka kamaal (his government’s feat)” that the army had accepted its mistake for the first time in 30 years.
J-K, J'khand assembly polls third round voting today
Modi invoked Atal Bihari Vajpayee to share the pain of Kashmiris but avoided any mention of niggling topics such as removal of Article 370 that guarantees the state a unique status, nor did he launch a tirade against Pakistan even in the backdrop of militants stepping up violence that killed 20 people on Friday.
He told a sizeable audience at Sher-i-Kashmir cricket stadium, where Vajpayee had addressed thousands of Kashmiris in 2003, to throw out dynastic politics from the state.
“What have you seen in Kashmir over the past 30 years? Either it was a Congress government or a father-son (National Conference) government or a father-daughter (Peoples Democratic Party) government. You have seen all three types of government. Get rid of all three of them for once and give me one chance to serve you,” said the PM clad in a traditional Kashmiri pheran (cloak).
At his second rally of the day in Samba, after his first stop in Jammu, Modi applauded the people for the high voter turnout in the first two poll phases despite separatists calling a boycott to the democratic process. “The finger on an EVM is more powerful than the one on the trigger of an AK-47.”
He said the time has come to make a misled youth wielding an AK-47 rifle yearn for an android phone rather than a gun in his hand.
In Jammu, wearing a Dogri headgear he touched a raw nerve when he laced his speech with Hindu-majority region’s pet peeve that Srinagar seldom cares for it.
The feeling of discrimination with the Jammu region has strong takers in 19 of 23 seats going to polls in the last two phases. The BJP’s attempt to wrest power in the state hinges on these seats.
But the Srinagar rally was his showpiece as he pledged to carry forward Vajpayee’s dream for Jammu and Kashmir but chose not to go into detail about his stand on dialogue with separatists and Pakistan that the former PM had initiated.
He said the biggest problem the state is saddled with is corruption because the Rs. 2500 crore released for relief and rehabilitation after this year’s devastating floods in Srinagar and other parts of the state didn’t reach those who needed it the most. “People told me to transfer funds directly to their accounts and not through the state government.
It shows how much faith people have in their government,” he said, taking potshot at chief minister Omar Abdullah’s National Conference (NC) government.
Rivals unimpressed
The Congress termed Modi's rally unimpressive, while the People's Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling NC accused the Prime Minister of playing politics with flood victims.
"The BJP government in New Delhi has discriminated against the flood victims in Kashmir for political reasons and has made them suffer so that they could be exploited for political dividends," chief minister Abdullah alleged in his speech during poll rallies in south Kashmir's Anantnag district.
"Till today, New Delhi has not taken a call on the relief and rehabilitation package submitted by the state government."
Referring to the Prime Minister's relief package, PDP patron Mufti Muhammad Sayeed said, "By harping on the meagre Rs. 1,000-crore package, we are only compromising the dignity of the people of Jammu and Kashmir who are not seeking any doles but want to be treated at par with the citizens of any other part of the country."
J-K Pradesh Congress Committee chief Saifuddin Soz said, "After a great fanfare, Modi's rally turned out to be highly unimpressive, with reports of 2,500 people turning up."
(With inputs from Vikram Sharma in Samba)

http://usat.ly/1w6S287FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
McDonald's expands custom sandwich option
The future of McDonald's appears to be a strategic slowing down of fast food. Finally responding to declining same-store sales, falling stock prices and a shrinking base of younger customers, the world's
Post to Facebook
McDonald's expands custom sandwich option The future of McDonald's appears to be a strategic slowing down of fast food. Finally responding to declining same-store sales, falling stock prices and a shrinking base of younger customers, the world's Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A6tP1T
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
104
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
McDonald's expands custom sandwich option
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 8:08 p.m. EST December 7, 2014
Video Keywords consumer targets sweet potato Fries ticket prices future growth Smartphone IPad iPhone
Want  jalapeños on your burger? USA TODAY's Bruce Horovitz takes a look at McDonald's "Create Your Taste" experiment at one of their franchises in Orange County, Calif. Video produced by Robert Hanashiro/USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:04  This is a brand new concept that we are testing
00:06  for McDonald's. Called create your taste it started off as build
00:11  your burger. The now that we that a chicken and potential
00:14  for other things in the future we've gone to calling it
00:16  create your case. We're customer can command. And make a sandwich
00:21  to their own design. We also have sweet potato Fries. And
00:25  a customer signal. We believe that. Create case is going to
00:32  appeal to. Amoled meals but it subsequent to a coastal wide
00:37  range. Of consumer targets. So the beauty of it is it's
00:41  going to be broadly appealing. It's like using air quick air
00:47  tonight. Ordered just whatever I want but that's about it and
00:52  but if I guarded on my phone would be even more
00:55  convenient for each generation has their own idiosyncrasies in the millennial
00:59  Los. Are such that everything with them as electronic. So one
01:03  of the ways we are trying to appeal to the millennial
01:06  is with the kiosks that we. They love it most colonials
01:10  would rather deal with a computer. IPad iPhone and actually have.
01:15  Interaction with another human being so it's just our way of
01:17  trying to be relevant with the colonials. And they're really like
01:21  the kiosk to them is it is something that we should
01:24  have had awhile ago and they're waiting on our app. I
01:27  have two sons who are. Both Paul and elves and they're
01:30  saying the same thing dad when we would we have our
01:32  McDonald's. App on our iphones we can just pre order everything
01:36  and commanding get out. We'll get there. I would say we
01:39  are always. Looking to innovate we're always testing for new ideas
01:43  and new ways to grow the business. And we always have
01:47  multiple irons in the fire on ways that we can. Remain
01:51  relevant and generate new streams of revenue. So again yes there
01:56  is risk associated with the speed which which removing. But there
02:00  are many media other. Plans that are going in the place
02:05  that will help address the future growth opportunities with this company.
02:09  It takes a long time. Even warned you on the machine.
02:13  We can get it in the drive thru because takes on.
02:17  Can you talk about that inherent problem of the timing issue
02:20  and why you can't get a ticket prices. There and Bruce
02:23  you know really that is not a problem will we found
02:26  from our customers to and our research is that they don't
02:29  mind the wait. When they go through the process of ordering.
02:34  Exactly what they're looking for. And then are able to come
02:37  to the table and sit down and break out there Smartphone
02:41  and go through intake he mellowed. Listen to music would do
02:45  whatever it is that they wanted to do. That basically takes
02:48  up the time it takes for us to get him there.
02:51  Their food to their tape it's about five to seven minutes
02:54  opinion with the war in response to drive was concerned what
02:57  we're doing is we're making. The decision at this point to
03:02  make this and any restaurant experience. So we want customers have
03:06  a little bit more time. And are willing to wait to
03:09  come inside and go through the entire experience. In the future
03:13  we may have a drive through solution but it. Present time
03:17  this is really just about the investment experience. Be honest I'd
03:21  say the best barriers are in an out and investigation which
03:24  is actually put it in now doesn't have weekends that's did.
03:28  Quality and they also in not doesn't offer a whole opinion
03:30  is on the rigors. So with that McDonald's is actually. Doing
03:35  better than in our noses through that more. Specialty you want.
03:38  Can't just take one little part and say by itself is
03:42  this going to be a game changer. Put together it's because
03:46  of that she would be as powerful in my mind as
03:49  breakfast. We've got the best Fries in the world and I
03:53  quite frankly think attributed fragile pretty good tip so now we
03:56  can get a fantastic. Burgers custom built. With custom ingredients fried
04:02  tomatoes guacamole. Almost no reason to go anywhere else.
Amy Sanchez helps customer Michael Slade, 16, order a customized sandwich using a tablet at a McDonald's in Laguna Niguel, Calif. The "Create Your Taste" menu program is an experiment being conducted in four Orange County, Calif. McDonald's restaurants.
(Photo: Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY)
5609 CONNECT 249 TWEET 147 LINKEDIN 104 COMMENTEMAILMORE
LAGUNA NIGUEL, Calif. — The future of McDonald's fast food may be slowing it down.
Responding to declining same-store sales, falling stock prices and a shrinking base of younger customers, the world's largest fast-food chain will announce plans to vastly expand its "Create Your Taste" test platform.
Create Your Taste lets customers skip the counter and head to tablet-like kiosks where they can customize everything about their burger, from the type of bun to the variety of cheese to the many, gloppy toppings and sauces that can go on it.
"This is a big deal," says Greg Watson, senior vice president of U.S. menu innovation; the senior executive in charge of what is arguably McDonald's most significant menu change since the roll out of breakfast more than 40 years ago. "We are all under some pressure that is coming from the business picture not being where we want it to be."
What has until now been a tiny test in four Southern California stores is immediately expanding to 30 locations in five more states and in 2015 to 2,000 U.S. locations, or about one in seven of the 14,000 domestic McDonald's restaurants, says Watson. The five additional states: Illinois, Wisconsin, Georgia, Missouri and Pennsylvania.
USA TODAY was invited by McDonald's to go behind the scenes to tour one of its test stores and to report the upcoming expansion of the test to thousands of its restaurants nationally.
Not only is McDonald's preparing to widely spread the new menu platform, but it's also adding a second meat option to it: Chicken.
Customers will also be able to build their own chicken sandwiches — a serious competitive edge over designer burger chains that do not have that option.
But change comes at a price: Time. It's a price patrons in the test sites seem to be willing to pay.
For decades, fast food's central success has been built around serving customers their orders within a few minutes. That's impossible when customers — particularly those in the 14 to 24-year-old range — demand customized meals that are served fresh, appear healthy and don't cost too much. The wait-time for a  burger from the new platform at McDonald's is about seven minutes — an eternity in fast-food land.
But the chain needs to take risks. It recently reported its worst same-store sales decline in more than a decade. McDonald's stock has lagged its peers. CEO Don Thompson knows that if results don't improve sooner rather than later, his job could be on the line. In the third quarter, when McDonald's earnings plunged 30%, Thompson conceded that the company had lost relevance for key young consumers like Slade.
"McDonald's single biggest problem is its current positioning with Millennials," says Darren Tristano, executive vice president at Technomic, a restaurant industry research firm.
Teens and young adults continue to abandon McDonald's for what they perceive as fresher, healthier and more customizable menu choices at favorites such as Chipotle, Panera and Five Guys.
"Not one student I have asked since the start of classes this September believes that McDonald's has any healthy items on its menu," says Christopher Muller, hospitality professor at Boston University.   When he recently asked 75 students where they prefer to go for fast-food, not one picked McDonald's or Burger King.  Two picked Wendy's.  But roughly half said they preferred Chipotle, Panera and Starbucks.
"I think it is less that McDonald's has lost its way and more that a generation has simply left for a different destination," says Muller.
But McDonald's executives scoff at that.  McDonald's attracts 27 million customers a day — a big chunk of them Millennials, says Watson. "Millennials are still coming to McDonald's."
So are even younger customers like 16-year-old Michael Slade, a junior at Dana Hills High School here.   But on this particular day, the lure wasn't the menu, but a free coupon his folks had received in the mail to try out Create Your Taste.
Slade, who is very health-conscious, ordered a customized chicken sandwich on a ciabatta roll with lettuce, onions, jalapeños, pickles, guacamole and garlic sauce.   He waited seven minutes for his food to arrive — open-faced in a polished wire basket, looking very much like a gourmet burger. It came delivered to his table by a crewmember.
Slade quickly polished-off the burger, and says he would even come back again. "It's a thumbs up," he says.  "I like that I got to create it myself exactly the way I want it."
But he says the price is too high.
Create Your Taste a far cry from the $5 Value Meal.  A customized burger with a medium drink and fries is $8.29 at this McDonald's.
Collin Philippi, a 14-year-old 9th grader from Laguna Niguel, says he loves the new offerings, but when he comes with his friends, he mostly sticks with the more affordable budget menu.  "I only get the build-you-own when I come with my dad."
The higher price-tag isn't the new platform's only potential stumbling block to success. Time is an equally-big issue. Because it takes at least four to seven minutes to prepare orders from the custom platform, it can't even be sold at the drive-thru window — where many McDonald's do up to 70% of their business.
Also, many older consumers are uncomfortable with the new technology.   That's why, during busy hours, this particular McDonald's places crewmembers right at the kiosks to show older folks how to use them.
Change is hard.  Especially for a massive chain like McDonald's.  That's why the new platform needs strong incentives like the free coupons, says Tristano. "We are all creatures of habit," he says. "The likelihood that McDonald's customers will continue to order Big Macs and Quarter Pounders with little or no customization will be high."
But this is the McDonald's of the present racing to become the McDonald's of the future.
Robert Nibeel, who owns this McDonald's restaurant along with 15 others in Southern California, is sold on "Create Your Taste." Two of his locations have the platform and a third will add it before the end of the year. He says it's bringing in incremental business and that on weekends, when folks typically have more time, up to half of the orders are from the new platform.   Most importantly, he says, it's attracting younger customers.
"Millennials would much rather order from a machine than face-to-face," says Nibeel. He has two boys ages 16 and 18 "and they're upset we don't have an ordering app yet," he says.     Watson says that's in the works and that McDonald's recently added the Apple Pay system where customers can pay with smartphones.
McDonald's is in the midst of reinventing itself, says Watson.  The stores are being modernized. A new ad campaign is in the works.  And even the way it sells and makes food is in flux.
"McDonald's is listening to the customer," says Watson. It's delving into a new frontier that's part fast-food and part fast-casual dining.  Kind of like a restaurant within a restaurant. "Maybe we're creating a new space," he says.
There have been glitches.  The software can be a real headache, says Nibeel.  For example, on this particular day the sweet potato fries option somehow disappeared from the kiosk menu.
Also, "Create Your Taste" won't even fit in many smaller McDonald's locations, because it requires a separate assembly area.
And after promoting the program for months as "Build Your Own Burger," that name had to be scrapped when chicken was added as an option.
The school day has ended and a crowd of teenagers burst into this restaurant. Several boys gather around the kiosk with a screen that looks very much like an iPad. "Will it do my homework?" one of them asks, as his friends laugh.
But McDonald's isn't laughing. It's doing its homework.
5609 CONNECT 249 TWEET 147 LINKEDIN 104 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A6tP1T
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Heres why Hillary Clinton would be so formidable in 2016By Sean Sullivan December 8 Follow @WaPoSean
Hillary Clinton tops every top potential GOP presidential contender in the Bloomberg Politics poll released Monday. Another number in the poll may give an indication why she could make such a formidable 2016 opponent: She scores high on the qualities Americans prioritize when they size up presidential candidates.
The new poll tells the story. When given four candidate qualities and asked which is most important to them, 29 percent chose "shares your values"; 27 percent went with "has a vision for the future"; and 26 percent said "is a strong leader."
Coming in fourth with 15 percent is "cares about people like you."
In other words, the public is all over the place on this question. There is no one, dominant answer.
But take a look at how the public rates Clinton on the three most popular responses when pitted head to head against leading Republicans. She tops former Florida governor Jeb Bush, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Sens. Rand Paul and Ted Cruz on all fronts. (She also tops them on the question of who "cares about people like you.")
Take Paul, who is arguably the hottest name on the GOP side right now. The public rates Clinton better on "sharing your values" by a 49 percent to 36 percent margin. On "strong leader," she wins 52 percent to 34 percent. "Caring about people like you" tilts toward the former secretary of state 48 percent to 37 percent. And "vision for the future" is advantage Clinton, 48 percent to 38 percent.
The caveat to all this is that the question about which qualities people care about was not an open-ended one. So it's possible American prioritize other traits more -- and that Clinton is not winning on those traits.
Still, the qualities tested routinely come up as focal points in the presidential elections.
It's worth noting that as Clinton mulls a White House run, she has yet to fully -- or arguably even roughly -- spell out what her overarching campaign theme(s) would be or what her "vision for the Future" would look like, precisely.
But the fact that she already scores high on that question illustrates why she should not be underestimated.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Lottery retailers and their family members account for half of the biggest lottery winners in New JerseyBy Hunter Schwarz December 8 Follow @hunterschwarz
(Scott Olson/Getty Images)
An investigation by the Asbury Park Press found that 10 of the 20 most frequent New Jersey Lottery winners since 2009 were either lottery retailers or their family members.
These 10 winners collected nearly $1.8 million, and about 70 percent of their winnings came from Pick 4 tickets, the investigation found. Statisticians estimated that many of these winners would have had to purchase more than $1 million in tickets to have the chance to win as frequently as they did.
The New Jersey Lottery said it was investigating some of the winners.
“We’ve done investigations and we’re continuing to do investigations,” spokeswoman Judith Drucker told the Asbury Park Press . “There are people on your list who were on our list as well.”
Investigations in other states have previously found retailers and their family sometimes purchase winning lottery tickets from winners who want to avoid paying taxes or child support, which the government takes out of winnings.
The most frequent winner was the mother of a lottery retailer in Ocean County who had 134 winning prizes since 2009 and made more than $275,000.
Reporter for The Washington Post. Formerly of the BuzzFeed Los Angeles bureau.

Standing for passport holders (and maybe owners)Comments
Will Baude raises the question of standing in Zivitofsky , one I had addressed a while back. While I was originally skeptical , I now think the case for standing is fairly strong, for two reasons.
One can have standing to pursue a claim that is motivated by political concerns — see most constitutional litigation — so long as these concerns coincide with a direct, cognizable interest. My doubt about standing stemmed from the passport being described as government property. I overemphasized the importance of ownership.
For the passport it is not merely government property: it is government property intended for the possession and custodianship of the passport-holder, or “bearer” as the passport refers to him. Certainly one does not have to own property to have a judicially cognizable interest in it. Renters, for example, have standing to challenge searches . The passport-holder is a bailee, and one with a particularly tight nexus with his bailment – it is created for his use and possession. This should be enough to satisfy standing.
Moreover, the notion that the passport is government property may itself be erroneous, as has been pointed out to me in correspondence from passport attorney Stephen Krueger . According to Krueger, the State Department repeatedly suggested to Congress in the 50s and 60s that passports be designated government property. Bills to that effect died in committee. Eventually, Foggy Bottom took the initiative. In 1966, it published a new regulation, 22 C.F.R. § 51.9, claiming that passports are government property. The State Department cannot take private property without legislation, or against the will of Congress. I cannot vouch for Krueger’s account, but it suggests that the government-property issue is itself an on-the-merits separation of powers question, with a nice takings wrinkle.
To be sure, few federal courts of appeals have said that passports are government property, but none before the 1966 regulation, the validity of which was apparently not in question in these case. One of these case cites one pre-’66 source, an international law treatise, which I have not examined but seems to be discussing U.K. practice. See Lynd v. Rusk, 389 F.2d 940, 948 (D.C. Cir. 1967) (suggesting that passports have “consistently” been regarded as government property);
United States v. Falley, 489 F.2d 33, 41 (2d Cir. 1973) (simply citing the passport regulation).
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.   His academic work has been published in top law reviews, and relied on in historic judicial opinions in the U.S. and abroad. He has also advised the U.S. and Israel governments on international legal challenges.  He has been honored with a fellowship at the Institute for Advanced Studies and the Bator Award from the Federalist Society, for leading professors under 40.  Prof. Kontorovich attended college and law school, and taught as a visiting professor, at the University of Chicago. He clerked for Judge Richard Posner on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.  Follow him on Twitter @EVKontorovich.

Prince Williams D.C. arrival looks pretty low key— Haley Dover (@HaleyDoverJC) December 8, 2014
His Royal Highness and entourage have arrived. And it looks like they flew commercial.
This morning, Prince William touched down in Washington to kick off his “quick visit” in the nation’s capital. Pomp and circumstance don’t look to be part of the itinerary. That’s Samantha Tubman, the Assistant Chief of Protocol for Visits, smiling next to Wills in the photo.
Had to lighten this one up a bit. Prince William is the the District! pic.twitter.com/u86OilSPKx
— Haley Dover (@HaleyDoverJC) December 8, 2014
From the airport, he’s headed to the Oval to meet with President Obama and Vice President Biden. Then it’s off to the World Bank to give a speech about the illegal wildlife trade. After that, the Duke of Cambridge will down a quick lunch between sessions. Then he’s on the next plane back to New York, where he’ll meet his pregnant wife, Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge (the former Kate Middleton).
The Duke of Cambridge sat down with President Obama in the Oval Office on Monday to discuss illegal wildlife trafficking. Prince William and his wife Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, are on their first official visit to the U.S. since 2011. (AP)
With a schedule that packed, it’s highly unlikely that you’ll run into everyone’s favorite prince at Starbucks. But just in case, here’s how to not embarrass yourself in front of royal company.
Page Not Found - The Washington Post

Uber driver accused of rape previously arrested for assaultUber driver accused of rape previously arrested for assault
Kerala HC asks DLF to stop flat construction near KochiKerala HC asks DLF to stop flat construction near Kochi
Nedunuri Krishna Murthy passes awayUpdated: December 8, 2014 22:22 IST
Nedunuri Krishna Murthy passes away
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu
A portrait of Doyen of Carnatic Classical Music Nedunuri Krishnamurthy, who died in the early hours of Monday in Visakhapatnam. Photo: C.V. Subrahmanyam
TOPICS
arts, culture and entertainment
Carnatic music exponent and guru Nedunuri Krishna Murthy died here in the early hours of Monday. He was 87. The doyen of Carnatic music breathed his last at his house in MVP Colony. He had been suffering from a lung ailment for some time. He is survived by a son – Nedunuri Pinakapani – and two daughters.
Born in Kothapalli in Pithapuram Taluk in 1927, he trained in violin under Dwaram Narasinga Rao Naidu and at his guru’s suggestions switched to vocal. He later received intensive training under Sripada Pinakapani.
His mortal remains were consigned to flames on Monday afternoon after Minister for Panchayati Raj Ch Ayyanna Patrudu and Chief Secretary IYR Krishna Rao reached the city and paid official tributes.

Naidu unveils land pooling policyUpdated: December 8, 2014 22:30 IST
Naidu unveils land pooling policy
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu at a press conference at the Secretariat in Hyderabad on Monday. Photo: Nagara Gopal
TOPICS
real estate
‘Package will take care of long-term interests of farmers and other stakeholders’. The developed plots would be allotted to farmers close to their lands and in one place. They would also be given one-time exemption of stamps, registration fee, Nala fee, and basic infrastructure development fee.
Capping his six-month rule, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Monday announced the new capital land pooling policy and package for the farmers and land owners in the capital city region in Guntur district.
Besides farmers, the package would also cover tenants and farm labourers who were dependent on the lands for eking out a living. The land pooling activity would be rolled out from Tuesday itself for farmers who give their consent in the specified format, he said.
The government will also bring in legislation on the land pooling policy in the ensuing Assembly session. Land pooling was preferred to land acquisition to ensure that farmers and local people living in the capital region become the first beneficiaries.
Unveiling the land pooling package at a media conference, Mr. Naidu said patta land holders in dry land areas would be given1,000 sq.yards of developed residential plots and 200 sq.yards of commercial plot per acre. For assigned land owners, it would be 800 sq.yards of residential and 100 sq.yards of commercial plot.
In the ‘jareeb’ lands close to the riverbank, patta land owners would get 1,000 sq.yards of residential and 300 sq.yards of commercial plot, assigned land owners 800 sq.yards of residential and 200 sq.yards of commercial plot. In addition, the land owners would get Rs. 30,000 a year to compensate for the loss of agricultural income in dry lands with Rs. 3,000 increase per year and Rs. 50,000 a year in ‘jareeb’ lands, with Rs. 5,000 increase per year for a period of 10 years.
Mr. Naidu said a legally valid receipt would be given to farmers immediately who hand over the land. Land pooling ownership certificate would be given within nine months and infrastructure development would be done in three years.
Slew of benefits
The developed plots would be allotted to farmers close to their lands and in one place. They would also be given one-time exemption of stamps, registration fee, Nala fee, and basic infrastructure development fee.
While 22,405 farmers who availed crop loans up to Rs.1.5 lakh would be extended one-time settlement under the debt redemption scheme with release of Rs. 200 crore, 12,000 landless families would be given pension of Rs. 2,500 a month for 10 years through the Capital Region Social Security Fund.
The other benefits include free education, health facility to all those residing in the capital region as on December 8, 2014, old age homes, NTR canteens, houses to homeless, 365 days employment guarantee scheme, skill development training with stipend to tenant farmers, farm labour and loans up to Rs. 25 lakh to poor families to take up self-employment. The Central government would be urged to give exemption from capital gains and income tax for the farmers under the land pooling scheme, he said.

Coalscam: Court to hear plea to alter charges on Jan 8Dec 08, 2014, 09.52 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Coalscam: Court to hear plea to alter charges on Jan 8
Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar fixed the matter for January 8 after the agency sought adjournment on the ground that senior public prosecutor V K Sharma, who was to advance the arguments, was not available today due to some bereavement in his family.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coalscam: Court to hear plea to alter charges on Jan 8
Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar fixed the matter for January 8 after the agency sought adjournment on the ground that senior public prosecutor V K Sharma, who was to advance the arguments, was not available today due to some bereavement in his family.
Post your opinion here
 
A Delhi court today fixed January 8 for considering the plea filed by two public servants, facing prosecution in a coal scam case, seeking alteration of charges framed against them earlier.
Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar fixed the matter for January 8 after the agency sought adjournment on the ground that senior public prosecutor V K Sharma, who was to advance the arguments, was not available today due to some bereavement in his family.
"Accordingly, as prayed, the matter be now put up for consideration on the application under section 216 CrPC moved on behalf of accused number one and two on January 8, 2015," the judge said.
Both the accused had filed the plea seeking alteration of charges on the ground that the Delhi High Court had recently quashed charges against Prakash Industries Ltd (PIL) and its director who were allegedly involved in the case.
Earlier, CBI had filed its reply to the plea of accused Goutam Kumar Basak and Soumen Chatterjee seeking alteration of charges framed against them and had argued that graft charges should be maintained against them.
CBI, in its reply, had said that charge of public servants abusing official position under Prevention of Corruption Act should be maintained against the two accused persons.
The prosecutor had, however, said the charge of criminal conspiracy under IPC should be recast.
The counsel, appearing for Basak and Chatterjee, had sought time to go through CBI's reply and to argue in the matter.
The counsel, appearing for Executive Secretary Basak and Manager (F&A) Chatterjee of Ministry of Steel's Joint Plant Committee, had told the court that it should alter the charges framed against them as the high court has already quashed charges against PIL and its director (Corporate Affairs) A K Chaturvedi.
He had argued that according to the high court's order, the charge of criminal conspiracy was not made out and CBI should now explain how it would proceed with the trial.
RELATED NEWS

ISL s grassroot connect: Young Champs unveiled08:00 pm
The Indian Super League's inaugural season may be nearing its end, but the ISL's focal point of development at the grassroots has turned over a new leaf, as founding chairperson Nita Ambani today unveiled the 'young champs' project in Mumbai.
October 12 was Indian football's date with destiny - the Indian Super League, a first of its kind initiative, kicked off with grandeur at the salt lake stadium in Kolkata. Ever since, it has been a footballing festival like never before for the Indian audiences - fans have been treated to the beautiful game in a manner unimaginable till even a year back.
The ISL may have kicked off with a view to bring to India not just quality football, but also the glitz and glamour of the world's most followed sport - but the focal point of this advent was development at the grassroots. And it that regard, the ISL has now truly taken off.
Young champs is an initiative designed with a view to tap and nurture young talent in the country, was launched at the Dhirubhai Ambani School in Mumbai. The project, which aims at ultimately providing for the future of the national team, will be starting a scholarship programme come 2015. Also present at the unveiling was Salman Khan - and while the Bollywood star enjoyed kicking the ball around himself, the focus of course remained on the kids.
Thus, a project that holds the potential of reshaping the future of the sport in the country was flagged off. The farce of the 1950 world cup has held Indian football back for decades, but if 'Young Champs' can go in the direction it hopes for - that of building not just a pool of players, but a footballing infrastructure - the global stage may finally beckon for India.
RELATED NEWS

You re not giving them a reason to come hereyou re not giving them a reason to come here
Why Obama will never please his critics on race.By Nia-Malika Henderson December 8 Follow @niawapo
AP photo.
A new  Bloomberg Politics poll  shows that many Americans, black and white, feel race relations have gotten worse under the country's first black president. It's a finding that comes amid a string of racially charged incidents involving unarmed black men and white police officers.
And it's not just that a majority, 53 percent, thinks things have gotten worse; only 9 percent think things have gotten better.
Six years ago, if someone was asked how President Obama would shape race relations, undoubtedly the themes of hope and change would have come up. Few would have said race relations (a really vague concept, by the way), would get worse under Obama. But here we are.
What's behind these numbers? Well, they're likely a bit skewed because they come at such a fraught time, but they do reflect a sentiment captured in other polls and the kind of head-shaking going on in many households over what's playing out in the news media.
But there are also other, more constant dynamics at play:
Obama, because he is black, faces much higher expectations among blacks and whites on race than your average president. This is for different reasons, but those expectations are both, in large part, about Obama being black.
With race, it has often been this way. African American civil rights leaders, elected officials and activists have seen it as their duty to be out-front in pushing the country forward on race relations, steadily re-shaping American society bit by bit. And for many African Americans, Obama's ascendancy to the presidency came with not only symbolic expectations but also substantive ones.
For many whites, though, Obama's election in and of itself operated as a kind of symbolic absolution -- its own evidence of racial progress without many strings attached. That's the whole post-race fantasy at work.
The political dividing line finds liberals often wanting him to say and do more about race/racism, with conservatives insisting that he says too much. The two sides paint Obama's words as either being a healing balm or utterly corrosive. Either way, there is bipartisan and cross-racial disappointment over expectations not met.
A  recent story by my colleague, Vanessa Williams, compares Obama's approach to New York Mayor Bill de Blasio's  and lays out those expectations:
“People want the president to be out front the same way he did with immigration, gay rights and women’s rights. They want him to make this an American issue,” said Howard University student body President Leighton Watson, who met with Obama. “The consensus from everyone — the students and the mayors — was that we wanted the president to be more out in front in a visual and audible way. We don’t question his commitment. We just want him to continue it in a way people can feel.”
Being "out front" on race, though, is much trickier -- partly because what put Obama out front on immigration and women's rights (he was actually more of a laggard on gay rights) were actual pieces of legislation and policy proposals that had broad support among congressional Democrats. There isn't a clear equivalent for black America -- though Obama has pushed for several changes in the criminal justice system, as well as unveiling the My Brother's Keeper initiative , which comes with private money and public support.
But the idea of doing something in a "way people can feel" speaks both to policy and emotion.
His critics want Obama to drop the Mr. Spock-like approach to race and show that he feels their pain and validates their experiences of race and racism. But, asking this president to emote on almost anything has often left his supporters wanting. It's no different on race.
And finally, the main reason these numbers are so bad: Dealing with race is just hard. Outgoing Attorney General Eric Holder famously talked about America as a " nation of cowards ." And Obama lamented that conversations about race relations only come up around some big, divisive incident.
Many Americans really do have willful amnesia when it comes to race. That explains why Obama and de Blasio keep talking about broader perceptions of African Americans that go back centuries and still resonate today. Their discussions of race, which delight many liberals and rankle many conservatives, try to make this point: It's not that race is the elephant in the room, it's the very room itself.
Nia-Malika Henderson is a political reporter for The Fix.

Griffin says hes ready if called uponBy Mike Jones December 8 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Washington Redskins quarterbacks Robert Griffin III, left, and Colt McCoy on the bench during the first half of an NFL football game against the Indianapolis Colts Sunday, Nov. 30, 2014, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
Robert Griffin III said he will not lobby for the start next week when the Redskins play the New York Giants. He will remain ready, however, if he gets the call.
Griffin – benched two weeks ago after three ineffective starts – played the final two minutes of the 24-0 loss to the St. Louis Rams when Colt McCoy left with a strained neck. He completed three of four passes for 33 yards.
The move came as a surprise to Griffin, whose name the fans began to chant after McCoy and the offensive unit’s struggles extend into the third quarter.
“I didn’t know if I was going to get an opportunity,” Griffin said. “It’s not my focus. My focus is to help this team win all week, helping the defense and then being ready to play if I’m called upon.”
Gruden said he didn’t consider benching McCoy prior to the injury.
“I think when you start a game and there’s five minutes to go in the game, and you’re playing against the Rams and it’s 24-0, I don’t think it’s fair to throw another quarterback in there and throw him to the wolves,” Gruden explained. “I think Colt wanted to finish the drive and try to get something going positively at the end of the game.”
Gruden said he hadn’t decided who would start at quarterback next week. Part of his decision has to do with uncertainty over McCoy’s health. The quarterback left FedEx Field after the game and went to a nearby hospital for additional testing.
But the struggles exhibited by McCoy on Sunday (20 for 32 for 199 yards, two interceptions) represented a regression from last week’s 390-yard, three-touchdown performance against Indianapolis. That also could prompt Gruden to consider changing quarterbacks again.
“We’ve got to look at Colt and see how his neck is doing and then look at the tape and see what happened as far as the production is concerned,” Gruden said. “You know, one of the reasons we took out Robert in the first place is the lack of production on offense. We brought Colt in here and he did some good things last week and this week, same thing – no production, so to speak. But, I’ve got to look at the film and try to make a judgment on the quarterback situation. All we’re trying to do – we’re all searching for answers in the building. We’re trying to find out who can lead us to victories and who can get this offense on a roll. That obviously is still to be determined.”
Griffin said he will leave the decision up to Gruden.
“If he decides to put me in, I’m ready to go, but I am not going to undermine anybody else or be that player because that’s not who I am,” he said.
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered Tuesday in the  Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Engineer became the father of video-game industry0
Magnavox priced the Odyssey at $100, and the company sold several hundred thousand by the end of the decade. Some consumers thought it worked only on Magnavox televisions, perhaps limiting sales.
The technology proved influential. Other firms licensed it from Magnavox, and one — Atari, co-founded by Nolan Bushnell, who had seen a demo of the Odyssey system and later created the massively popular "Pong" arcade game — became one of the industry's defining companies. Atari's first home system, the 2600, sold in the millions after it was released in 1977.
The consoles were marketed as modern arcade games and gained popularity alongside traditional pinball machines and jukeboxes. In the next decades, however, play-at-home games came to dominate sales as increased competition vaulted the technology forward. The electronic-game business ultimately evolved along four interwoven threads — console, computer, arcade and hand-held games — that remain in place today.
Baer advocated for the "play value" of older games even as new ones offered ever-improving sounds, graphics and storytelling. "You'll find that that kind of play is simple and obvious," he told the publication High Times in 2004. "It's more fun, at least to older people who can't manage today's stuff. Anybody over 35 can't play today's games. Who has the patience?"
Ralph Henry Baer was born March 8, 1922, in Pirmasens, Germany. His family was Jewish, and they left for the United States months before the anti-Semitic Kristallnacht attacks.
The family settled in New York, where the teenage Baer (who had stopped formal schooling at 14) worked in a factory that made leather accessories. While riding the subway one day, he spotted an advertisement for a correspondence course promising a lucrative career in radio electronics.
"I said 'sayonara' to the factory," he told the Boston Globe in 2007. "I memorized the entire handbook of vacuum tubes."
He graduated in 1940 from the National Radio Institute in Washington and was a radio service technician for three years before Army service in Europe during World War II. On the G.I. Bill, he received a bachelor's degree in 1949 from the American Television Institute of Technology in Chicago.
Baer continued to work in video gaming after Odyssey launched, but he turned much of his attention to electronic games and devices. His work for a company called Marvin Glass & Associates eventually led to "Simon," one of the most popular toys of the 1980s.
The game played a series of lights and tones, challenging the player to recall and repeat them by tapping four colored pads. It grew more difficult as the player succeeded, the play becoming increasingly frenetic.
Baer, who had been hired by Marvin Glass to develop an electronic game, saw a similarly themed arcade game by Atari called "Touch Me" at a trade show in 1976 and figured he could improve upon it by making the tones sound pleasant no matter the order in which they were tapped.
The resulting game — made handheld and whose tones were inspired by the fourotes of the bugle — was developed with the help of Lenny Cope, a programmer, and Howard Morrison, a designer at Marvin Glass.
"Simon," named for the children's game "Simon Says," was an instant success. Milton Bradley sold 10 million copies of "Simon" by 1982, launching a number of variations and updates — some of which Hasbro, which acquired Milton Bradley in the 1980s, still markets. Other companies released their own versions: Atari, too, eventually put out a handheld version of "Touch Me."
President George W. Bush awarded Baer the National Medal of Technology in 2006. Four years later, Baer was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame.
His wife, Dena Whinston, died in 2006. Survivors include three children, James Baer, Mark Baer and Nancy Baer; and four grandchildren. Baer died at his home in Manchester, N.H, said his son Mark. He did not disclose the cause.
Baer understood the universal appeal of a well-designed game. During a visit to a patent examiner's office to discuss his original system, he found himself largely ignored as his lawyer and the examiner conferred in technical jargon.
"While they were bantering back and forth about the claims, I set up a small television set and my game console in the examiner's office," Baer recalled. "Within 15 minutes, every examiner on the floor of that building was in that office wanting to play the game."

Priyanka  Huma and Sonakshi dazzle at the launchCelebrity
Divas at Vikram Phadnis's new store launch
Bollywood divas including Priyanka Chopra, Huma Qureshi and Sonakshi Sinha among others were present to extend their love and support to ace designer Vikram Phadnis at the launch of his new store in Mumbai.
Priyanka and Vikram at the store launch.
1 / 21
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Mon 8 Dec, 2014 3:30 PM IST

Sikka welcomes share sale by Infosys co-foundersHi Guest
Sikka welcomes share sale by Infosys co-founders
'I respect and trust the co-founders' decision of contributing towards philanthropic activities, entrepreneurship and other initiatives,' Vishal Sikka, CEO, Infosys said in a statement, reports Riju Jha.  As four founder families sold part of their Infosys holdings on Monday, Vishal Sikka welcomed the move saying the sale of shares for philanthropic and entrepreneurship purposes was a good initiative. "As I have always said, the founders have left an indelible legacy and culture ...

Again pledge of shares! jai bhavarlaljain kee!!!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

U in great form arvindji today....Platinum Member
19578 Followers
dear kiran ur msg remindes me the famous saying of lord krishna himself, aatma parmatma ka ansh hai, evry soul is part of devine soul,may it lord krishna/allah/jesus/waheguru, difrences are created by humans, God is ultimately the biggest source of positive enrergy, we worship the allmighty in diffrent forms , we all r part of his devine soul, u me and evryone of us has a little krishna ,a litle allah, or u cud say a little jesus in ourselfs !

DoT ropes in state-owned entities for IoT pushDoT ropes in state-owned entities for ‘IoT’ push
Our Bureau
Wants National Telecom Institute, BSNL, MTNL to set up demonstration centres
Mumbai, December 8:  
The Department of Telecommunications is tapping the National Telecommunications Institute for Policy Research (NTIPRIT), BSNL and MTNL to build capacity in the ‘Internet of Things’ domain.
‘Internet of Things’ involves connecting every thing from door locks and wearable devices to traffic signals and waste control systems to a vast network. M2M (machine to machine) refers to technologies that allow wireless and wired systems to communicate with other enabled-devices.
The IT Ministry’s draft policy envisions the IoT industry to be worth $15 billion by 2020. The DoT, which is working to formulate a policy structure by this fiscal year-end, wants these entities to set up demonstration centres.
“NTIPRIT and 19 training centres of BSNL/MTNL have already been designated by DoT for skill development and they may develop demonstration centres for trainees and other stakeholders,” the DoT said in its feedback to the draft policy formulated by the IT Ministry, on IoT.
“IoT being predominantly telecom dependant and as NTIPRIT is already engaged in capacity building and research in related areas, this activity will need to (be) entrust(ed) to NTIPRIT along with additional related respon- sibilities as indicated under this head,” the DoT note suggested.
NTIPRIT has been envisaged as an institute of international repute for capacity building and enabling research in India-centric technologies and policies.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Brick-and-mortar stores to have online presence but with fair pricingHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Brick-and-mortar stores to have online presence but with fair pricing
Purvita Chatterjee
Retailers say they will not offer steep discounts like other e-commerce sites
Mumbai, December 8:  
Brick-and-mortar retailers are not willing to emulate the pricing policies of e-commerce players as they venture into the online space. Most of them are unwilling to offer steep discounts but will offer promotions to lure consumers into their own e-commerce sites.
Kishore Biyani, CEO, Future Group, is candid about his opinion on discounting as his company makes renewed efforts to enter the e-commerce sector. “We cannot afford to give discounts but there will be promotions as we will end up having adverse margins in the e-commerce business.
It has to be a real business,” he said. While the aim of Future Group’s recent tie-up with Amazon is to push sales of private labels, Biyani is reluctant to offer discounts on the Group’s websites. “There is a cost to doing e-commerce and we have already wasted enough money trying to do this business in the past through Future Bazaar,” he added. Organised retailer Shopper’s Stop is also not in a mood to offer discounts as it embarks on its omni-channel strategy.
“We will play in the online space on the strength of our brick-and-mortar brand and we expect to make money in the next three years through the omni-channel. However unlike e-commerce players, we are here to make money and will not be giving discounts but sell at full price,” says Govind Shrikhande, MD and CEO, Shopper’s Stop.
Industry observers say discounts offered by e-commerce sites in the market-place format are possible since the manufacturers themselves subsidise some products and brands.
Retailers in the consumer durable category are averse to giving discounts, despite not making much headway through their own sites.
Tie-up
Croma, which recently tied up with Snapdeal, doesn’t offer any discounts on its website. It does not interfere with Snapdeal’s pricing and discount offerings.
Next Retail, a group company of Videocon Industries, is looking to tie-up with e-commerce players. Sanjay Karwa, Director, Next Retail, says e-commerce players can offer heavy discounts because they are given by the manufacturers themselves. In fact, manufactures of durable goods create special products and stock keeping units which are sold exclusively through e-commerce sites. Karwa says, “Most of the consumer durable brands have a back-to-back tie up with their manufacturers who are willing to give special discounts for e-commerce sites which are passed on to consumers.” He says brick-and-mortar retailers don’t have such tie-ups. Textile company Raymond, which recently launched Raymondnext.in believes, in parity pricing. While it has no control over pricing its ready-to-wear brands like Park Avenue and Color Plus sold on Jabong and Myntra, it is not willing to drop the prices on its own e-commerce site. “Discounts are possible by e-retailers as they sell it as a basket of products where we cannot control their pricing. In our case we will not offer discounts and there will be parity pricing between our e-commerce site and physical stores,” says Sanjay Behl, CEO, Lifestyle, Raymond.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Cisco adopts two-pronged approach to rev up revenue per employeeCisco adopts two-pronged approach to rev up revenue per employee
Sangeetha Chengappa
To manufacture in India given the huge demand for its products and services
Bengaluru, December 8:  
Cisco India & SAARC President, Dinesh Malkani is adopting a two-pronged approach to rev up revenue productivity per employee, which has remained stagnant for the last 10 years.
Revenue boost
“We are boosting revenue growth per employee by leveraging on the strength of our partner network which covers 49 cities across the country.
“We are also working on increasing revenue growth quarter-on-quarter that will push up revenue productivity per employee. In Q4 of FY 2014, India revenues grew 18 per cent and in Q1 of FY 2014 ended October 31, revenue grew 6 per cent,” Malkani told BusinessLine, on the sidelines of the second Cisco India Summit 2014 in Bengaluru on Monday.  The move to increase revenue productivity per employee is one of Malkani’s priorities given than Cisco CEO John Chambers, during his visit to India in June, had said: “Our revenue productivity increase per employee was zero-flat for the last 10 years. This needs to change for us to be able to compensate employees better and give our shareholders fair returns.”
Make in India
The $47-billion networking major currently employs 12,500 people in India.
Cisco is also considering manufacturing in India given the huge demand for its products and services created by the Digital India programme initiated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
According to sources, Cisco is unable to meet the huge demand from telcos for its products. Asked about Cisco’s manufacturing plans in India, Malkani said: “The ‘Make in India’ initiative is very encouraging and manufacturing in India is an ongoing conversation that we are pursuing with various stakeholders, including the government.”  Cisco is collaborating with ILFS Technologies Ltd, a technology solutions company of Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services, to utilise the ‘Internet of Everything’ to develop digital solutions for India’s infrastructure and smart cities.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Mahindra s South Korean subsidiary to launch first car in JanuaryMahindra's South Korean subsidiary to launch first car in January
Sutirtho Patranobis , Hindustan Times  Seoul, December 05, 2014
First Published: 17:39 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:43 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
Ssangyong Motors, the South Korean subsidiary of India’s Mahindra is set to launch its first car, Tivoli, following the buyout more than three years ago.
Lee Yoo-il, CEO of Ssangyong Motors, the South Korean subsidiary of India’s Mahindra, poses with Tivoli, which will be launched in January. (HT Photo)
The B class SUV, to be equipped with the latest technology, will be launched in Seoul on January, company CEO, Lee Yoo-il, to HT, adding following the January launch the company hopes to launch a new car every year.
Lee met HT for an exclusive interaction at the company’s plush Seoul office last week, a day after the launch of Tivoli was announced.
Over green tea, Lee said it was the Indian company’s investment of $520 million in March 2011 that saved Ssangyong and kept it debt free; last year another 80 million US dollars were injected into the company.
“In my opinion, Mahindra invested the money in this company for future strategic cooperation. We are now working with Mahindra to strategically cooperate and create a synergy effect,” Lee said.
The CEO said the Mahindra has a very strong IT side, which could be a platform for cooperation.
“They have a small engine, we have a big engine. In the future, we can develop an engine together, share the platform and the cost,” Lee said, adding that both could bring their talents together to made car designs and frames.
Similarly Korean side is good with technology while India could provide low labour and “smart engineers”.
Lee said there were initial issues during the buyout as the two entities did business different ways, in different styles.
“There were cultural differences; differences in the way of thinking, way of doing business,” he said.
The workers’ unions were also very strong and they had apprehensions mostly because they did not know about India, the CEO said.
Mostly, the workers only knew that India was a big country with “many races and languages”.
“They wanted to know about the future plans?” Lee said.
During the negotiations, the union members were kept informed about the decisions, he said and now the issues have been ironed out.
Talking about the impending launch, Lee said the car is aimed at “urban, young buyers between 25 and 35”.
It is likely to be exported to at least 100 countries including in Europe, South America, Asia and West Asia.
Lee said that with this launch, he hopes that the company will not only make a sharp turnaround but will continue to serve as an example of Indo-Korea entrepreneurial success story.
 

Modi govt eyeing 59K crore  5% SAIL sell-off just the startComments
The government’s plan to raise capital by disinvesting its stake in various public sector undertakings (PSUs) got off to a flying start on Friday with its offer-for-sale of 5% stake in public steel sector firm Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) getting oversubscribed by over two times, mopping up Rs. 1,715 crore for the national exchequer.
Revenues from selling shares in state-owned companies is critical to the government’s plans to keep the fiscal deficit — shorthand for the amount of money the government borrows to fund its expenses — at 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.
A shortfall in revenues may prompt the government to raise indirect taxes — it has already done it twice in petrol and diesel in the last two months — hurting prices.
The high demand for shares of SAIL, both with retail investors (oversubscribed 2.6 times) and non-retail sector (oversubscribed 1.8 times), could pave the way for speedier disinvestment in various other PSUs.
“In order to facilitate retail investors, a 5% price discount was offered to them,” a finance ministry statement said.
In September, the government had approved share sale plans in three major state-owned companies — Coal India Ltd (CIL), NHPC and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) — that can potentially earn the exchequer about Rs. 44,000 crore.
There are, however, a few roadblocks that the government may have to overcome. Upstream firms such as ONGC sell crude to domestic oil retailers at a discount linked to global crude prices.
The discount rate rising over the years and the fall in the crude prices recently has had a bearing on ONGC’s bottomlines. The company wants this issue to be resolved before divesting the government stake.
Labour unions, on the other hand, are opposed to stake sale in CIL, which could upset disinvestment plans and have threatened to go on strike if the government goes ahead with the stake sale.
The government has budgeted to earn Rs. 43,425 crore target by selling shares in public sector companies in 2014-15. Besides, it also hopes to earn another Rs. 15,000 crore by selling minority stakes in non-government firms such as ITC, L&T and Axis Bank.
India has missed its disinvestment target for five consecutive financial years. Last year, it could raise only Rs. 16,027 crore, against the budgeted Rs. 40,000 crore.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India has made it mandatory for listed PSUs to pare government shareholding to 75% within the next three years.

The New Norm: Crazy Contracts and How to Fight Backreddit
Businesses -- large and small -- are producing insanely one-sided contracts. In the past, you could find fair contracts. Most were short and simple, too. You do this and I do that. But now we've arrived at crazy. And these agreements are putting your business in jeopardy.
Keep your eyes pried open and actually read an entire contract. You'll see what I mean. I do it every day and it makes me want to either fight or cry. The formula is simple. You lose. They win. Sign here.
These contracts are like the tagline for a new SAW movie: "How Do I Get Out of this Contract Alive?" Spoiler alert: you don't. And, all too often, these deals are take-it-or-leave-it.
Let me be specific:
Read your typical office lease. It literally says that the Landlord does not have to provide the heat or air conditioning or elevators or electricity or water, but you still have to pay the rent. Seriously.
Large developers are writing construction contracts that spell out the contractors' requirements in excruciatingly detailed agreements that drag on for over one hundred pages. I just read one that requires the contractor to list when every piece of equipment in the building must be lubricated. Now, that's too much information!
Remember the American dream. Build a business. Sell it for millions. Lay on a beach drinking Mai Tais. Well, you've got a surprise coming when you go to sell your business. Plenty of purchase agreements are loaded with "gotcha" provisions that allow the buyer to claw back chunks of the sales price after you sell. So, be careful. You're planning to sell your company, but you may get stuck donating it.
Then there are those click-but-never-read agreements for social media sites. They own everything you post, even your own picture. Some sites take your contact list and even monitor your location through your cell phone.
What's happened? Plenty.
Business Got Tough. Contracts have always been a tug of war. But then we had this little blip we like to call the Great Recession. When business got tough, so did people and bargaining turned into beatings. After 2008, it's been Lord of the Flies in 10 point font.
Take-it-or-leave-it. Companies can't drive a Porsche. So, instead they have macho contracts that are misguided ego trips: "My contract is bigger than yours." These businesses think "winning" = crushing you. They create contracts that annihilate the other side. It's like Darth Vader went to law school. Then, for kicks, they have a battalion of attorneys regularly toughen those contracts, adding new clauses and making old provisions even more one-sided. Now, they've painted themselves into a corner. Even when they should bargain, they feel that compromise is a defeat. Doing business with them is a take-it-or-leave-it relationship.
Attention Deficit Nation. After responding to emails 23 hours a day, our attention spans can handle Tweets, not inch-thick contracts. So, begrudgingly, you skim the business terms on the first few pages. Next, you wish/hope/rationalize -- our new national pastime -- that the rest of the agreement is harmless "boilerplate." That's wishful thinking. Savvy contract drafters take advantage of this mistake. They bury traps in those rarely read pages. Consider the one-sided attorneys' fee provision.If your opponent wins, you pay their legal fees and your own attorney. Even if you win, you still have to pay your own attorney. That means it may cost more to fight and win than to do nothing at all.
Computer Power. Technology has allowed some companies to make the problem worse. Computers enable businesses to have contracts of unlimited length that can be emailed and signed with a tap on your phone. Maybe if they had to put a staple through some of these behemoths, they'd think twice.
Finally, add the fact that many businesspeople don't know what's normal. You might be great at your business. But unless you are regularly entering into the same type of deal, you're a rookie when it comes to the contract. You say to yourself: "Who am I to disagree?" The other party wants you to think that their fifty-page contract is normal, despite all of the complicated and unfair provisions. You have to know how to fight back or it could cost you your company.
Fighting Back
It is a colossal waste of time and energy to try to hack your way through the jungle and avoid the quicksand that you find in many contracts today. You just want a fair contract. You do this. They do that. You both win.
Here's how you get this win-win result:
Time. Start with plenty of time. The party that runs out of time also runs out of bargaining power. I've seen countless opponents give us fits throughout months of negotiations and then crumble when they ran out of time. Start early, schedule everything, and keep time on your side.
Information. Information is power. That's especially true when negotiating a contract. Recently, one client was frustrated by the other party's one-sided contract. But my client had no idea that because the economy had changed, there was tremendous demand for his business. He could get a far better deal elsewhere. I convinced him to test the waters. Sure enough, my client was able to get 25 better offers in a matter of days once he started surveying the market.
Alternatives. If you start out negotiating with only one party, you run the risk that they will take advantage of you. Instead, try to create an auction. If two or three parties compete for your business, you're likely to get a better bargain. Also, don't let anyone talk you into dealing with just one party too soon. Wait until you have a term sheet setting forth all of the key contract provisions and a good reason to believe you are dealing with a company that will make a fair deal.
There's more:
Create your own contract. Don't think that you're saving money using the other party's form. It could be an expensive "bargain." Countless times, I've seen the party who writes the contract gets the better deal. It's like getting home field advantage in every negotiation.
Add experts to your team, especially if you're negotiating in an area where you're not experienced. You want advisors who have done the same deals many, if not hundreds, of times before. They add instant expertise to your deal team.
Change the way you think about contracts. Too many people think these agreements are far-fetched "what if" documents written by lawyers with too much time on their hands (that last part could be true). "What if" scenarios happen every day.
It only takes one bad deal to wipe you out. That one-sided agreement can tie you up in court, drain your resources and distract you from running and growing your business. It's worth the effort to treat each deal as if it could be the one that goes bad. Plan ahead. Negotiate with discipline and expertise. Fight for a contract that works for both sides.
Follow Jack Garson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bizbygarson
More:

Does China Really Have the Most Powerful Economy in the Worldreddit
Market Watch columnist Brett Arends wrote that China has surpassed America as the number one economy, a move he claims may lead to a collapse of U.S. political and military hegemony.  But does China truly have the strongest economy in the world?
Arends writes:
There's no easy way to say this, so I'll just say it: We're no longer No. 1. Today, we're No. 2. Yes, it's official. The Chinese economy just overtook the United States economy to become the largest in the world. For the first time since Ulysses S. Grant was president, America is not the leading economic power on the planet.
The International Monetary Fund recently released the latest numbers for the world economy. And when you measure national economic output in "real" terms of goods and services, China will this year produce $17.6 trillion -- compared with $17.4 trillion for the U.S.A.
To put the numbers slightly differently, China now accounts for 16.5% of the global economy when measured in real purchasing-power terms, compared with 16.3% for the U.S.
Yes, all statistics are open to various quibbles. It is perfectly possible China's latest numbers overstate output -- or understate them. That may also be true of U.S. GDP figures. But the IMF data are the best we have.
Arends does note that when you look at international exchange rates, the U.S. economy is 70 percent bigger, but claims that is meaningless.  A lot of that is because the Chinese currency is so much lower in value, which speaks to the value of the dollar, as well as the Chinese desire to have a cheap currency in order to export more.  Dumping your dollars for the renminbi (yuan) on the basis of this article might be a mistake, in other words.
But gross domestic product (GDP) isn't the only economic measure.  If you look a little further at that same International Monetary Fund (IMF) report and PPP data , you'll find that China's GDP per capita is $11,868, putting it 89th on the list of 187 countries, behind the Dominican Republic, Serbia, South Africa and Turkmenistan.  The USA is tenth on that same list (behind some oil rich emirates, some entrepots and a few European countries like Luxembourg, Norway and Switzerland).  Its GDP per capita is $53,001.
Don't like the IMF data ?  The World Bank puts China in the same spot, while the CIA ranks China 97th in GDP per capita out of 195 countries, behind Tunisia, Thailand and Cuba.
Arrends still believes this still foretells China's political and military hegemony and the end of the United States.
Make no mistake: This is a geopolitical earthquake with a high reading on the Richter scale. Throughout history, political and military power have always depended on economic power. Britain was the workshop of the world before she ruled the waves. And it was Britain's relative economic decline that preceded the collapse of her power.  And it was a similar story with previous hegemonic powers such as France and Spain.
We have lived in a world dominated by the U.S. since at least 1945 and, in many ways, since the late 19th century. And we have lived for 200 years -- since the Battle of Waterloo in 1815 -- in a world dominated by two reasonably democratic, constitutional countries in Great Britain and the U.S.A.
But if the Americans have had the largest economy since the 1870s, why wasn't it the hegemonic power until 1945?  For years, we've been treated to tales of the Soviet Union's growing supremacy over the USA, the European Union surpassing the United States, or how Japan would overtake the American economy.  Perhaps China might be the first to make this a reality.  But their incredibly weak GDP per capita shows that this Asiatic power still has a lot of growing left to do before it can knock the Americans from power.
John A. Tures is a professor of political science at LaGrange College in LaGrange, Ga.  He can be reached at jtures@lagrange.edu .
More:

Sahara to Sell Mumbai  Jodhpur Land for Rs 1 251 Cr: ReportSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: After selling land in Gurgaon for Rs 1,211 crore recently, Sahara group is believed to have finalised two more land parcels deals - one in Mumbai and another in Jodhpur - for over Rs 1,250 crore.
Besides, talks are in final stages for sale of another land parcel by Sahara group in Pune, sources said.
Similar to the Gurgaon land deal, which is probably the biggest so far this year in the national capital region, all the three land parcels may be sold to the local real estate developers in the respective cities.
The land sales are part of the group's efforts to raise funds to secure release of its chief Subrata Roy from Tihar Jail, where he is lodged since March 4 in a case related to alleged non-refund of money collected from investors for certain bonds even as the group claims to have repaid over 93 per cent of the outstanding amount directly to investors.
The group has also maintained that the amount already deposited with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) exceeds the pending dues.
In Gurgaon, Sahara has sold 185 acres of land to M3M India Ltd, which plans to use for 'mixed-use development' and would pay the group the entire money in six instalments.
(Read: Sahara sells Rs 1,211-crore Gurgaon land to M3M )
The deal was announced last Thursday within days of the Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for Mr Roy's release.
These four properties include land in Chauma (Gurgaon), Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai (in Mumbai).
Sources said that the Vasai land is being sold for Rs 1,111 crore, while that in Jodhpur for another Rs 140 crore.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property for Rs 411.8 crore, which has gone into Sebi account.
Mr Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
The group had earlier deposited Rs 3,117 crore with Sebi, followed by another amount of Rs 411.82 crore raised through sale of an Ahmedabad property.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 12:21 (IST)

Buying Iron Ore for First Time: Tata SteelYou are here: Home Corporates
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 07, 2014 17:18 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Facing iron ore crunch for the first time in over 100 years of its history, Tata Steel is now operating its 9.7 million tonnes per annum facility in Jamshedpur with raw material bought from domestic sources besides imports.
The company, which has bought 2.3 million tonnes iron ore to run its lone steel-making facility in the country, said the quantum of buying would go up if its closed mines do not start production.
"For the first time in our history, we are running our plant with bought out iron ore as all our mines are closed. There are issues with both Jharkhand and Odisha. We have court cases going on in both Ranchi and Cuttack High Courts," Tata Steel managing director T V Narendran told PTI.
He said the company has bought iron ore from state-run NMDC besides importing the key steel making raw material from Australia. While it has bought around 0.8 million tonnes from NMDC, the remaining is imports from Australia.
"We are buying iron ore on a daily basis. If the mines start, we will stop buying," he said when asked how much the company could end up buying the raw material in the current fiscal year (2014-15).
One of the first steel units in the country, the Jamshedpur facility of Tata Steel was founded in 1907 and the plant has been running on captive source of iron ore. Apart from Tata Steel, state-run steelmaker Steel Authority of India enjoys the benefit of having captive iron ore sources. Others depend upon the market purchase.
The problem of Tata Steel started following a notification of the Mines Ministry in July amending the Mineral Concession Rules, 1960 which provides a period of two years for execution of the renewal lease deed Post expiry of lease, for the first renewal.
However, this does not provide the leverage for second and subsequent renewals, based on the interpretation of a Supreme Court directive.
This has led to the closure of more than 40 mines in Odisha and Jharkhand belonging to SAIL, Tata Steel, Odisha Mining Corporation, Essel Mining, ACC, Hindustan Copper Ltd, Hindalco Industries and Uranium Corporation of India.
Tata Steel's mines in Jharkhand and Odisha have a combined iron ore production capacity of around 22 million tonnes per annum, A large chunk of that comes from its mines in Odisha.
Another major steel maker JSW Steel has also started importing iron ore and has already resorted to importing around 0.5 million tonnes a month following domestic short supply.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 16:43 (IST)

Culturing art in new mediaCulturing art in new media
Parni Ray
Abstract Studio/shutterstock.com
karakotsya/shutterstock.com
If you can live with technology, why can’t you live with art born out of it?
New media art, fashioned out of graphics, animation and other new technologies is challenging old notions of how art can be presented and owned.
Despite the frequency with which the term ‘new media’ is thrown around in the contemporary art world, there is little consensus on what is understood by it.
Typically, the tag is reserved for artworks that dabble in upcoming media technology and is used to refer to computer graphics, animation, internet, video games, robotics-based art forms.
But then, artists of every generation have experimented with new mediums, depending on their historical context. It is in this sense that the term ‘new media’ puts off a number of art practitioners.
‘‘I am not personally comfortable with the new media label as an artist’’, says the Delhi-based Rohini Devasher, who regularly works in a variety of mediums, including video, digital prints and sound. ‘‘Although I do work with various forms of media, including video and computer programmes, which can perhaps be classified as new, I tend to combine them with other mediums, such as printing and etching, which are not new.’’ Others think that the emphasis on the novelty of the technologies used fails to highlight the conceptual reasons for use of the technology.
A large majority of artists who have come to be identified as ‘new media’ practitioners in India, as elsewhere, belong to a generation which coincides with the global telecommunications and information technology boom between the mid 90s and early 2000s.
In India, this period also overlaps with a series of economic policy reforms which led to the liberalisation of the market, the onslaught of privatisation and globalisation.
These upheavals have impacted new media works produced in the country. A large number of new media works tend to utilise technology such as computer games, surveillance cameras and global positioning systems.
Dabbling with many themes
This felt-need to question and realign our relationship with technology, showed the way to the artistic re-imagining of how art can be created and presented. That’s why new media works now incorporate active audience participation in terms of what is now called ‘interactive art’.
New media art also lays great emphasis on evaluation and review of the technologies employed in creating the art work. There is a growing tradition of ‘sharing’ in new media art, which is aided by social media and various forms of online file-sharing networks.
The ubiquitous copy-paste features made available by computer software have made appropriation not only easy but also an essential means of expressing oneself in new media art.
Demanding space
Such experiments with ‘appropriation’ in new media often try to challenge established notions of ‘originality’ and ‘authenticity’ with regard to art. This and the genre’s continued defiance of long-held ideas about what ought to be called art and whether it can really be owned, often makes it difficult to conceive a collection of new media works.
What further complicates the genre is the complex set up that such art requires. How is one to live with new media works?
Unlike paintings, sculptures or even photographs which remain physically contained within the spaces they are assigned to, a lot of new media works (such as video projections or kinetic sculptures, for instance) are ‘active’. They demand more space, both physically and in terms of their distracting presence.
Delhi-based collector Swapan Seth who, along with wife Sreya, houses one of the biggest private art collections in the country, however, brushes all such anxiety aside.
Living with it
‘‘I exhibit all I have’’, he says simply. ‘‘If you can live with technology, why can’t you live with art born out of it? I have drop-down screens for the videos we have, my iPad houses the interactive works that I possess. I live with the work I buy’, he adds.
Set up is not that much of a problem says Devasher. ‘‘All my works, like most media art, come with instruction manuals explaining how to put them together’’, she points out.
‘‘Sure there are configurational stipulations and it isn’t quite as easy as hanging a picture up on a peg. The more complicated set ups might require more work than others. But on the other hand, collectors have the freedom to put up their works in any which way they want in their home. Given the fluidity of the medium I use (videos are a good example), they may be exhibited in multiple ways, and that is absolutely fine by me.’’
But acquiring such art may require maintenance and upgrades. Conversions, for instance, from film to video cassette, video cassette to CD and CD to the memory stick, are always on.
To try and preserve new media art is essentially a struggle to keep up with changing technology. ‘But why worry about that?’ asks Seth ‘‘Art like technology can also be obsolete or limitedly relevant. I find a lot of canvas work obsolete, but what may be obsolete to me may still be relevant to another’.
As more and more artists fiddle within and around the slightly wobbly perimeters of new media art, galleries across the country are warming up to it.
The writer is a Delhi-based art critic
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Arrested Uber driver could be a  serial rapistEYE BROWSE
Arrested Uber driver could be a 'serial rapist'
The 26-year-old woman fell asleep during the ride. When she woke up, she found the car parked in a secluded place, and the driver then threatened her and raped her.
Yahoo India –  Mon 8 Dec, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: The Uber taxi driver accused of raping a 25-year-old working woman on Friday night, could be a serial rapist, Delhi police authorities revealed.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, driver of the popular taxi service Uber, who was arrested in Mathura on December 7, allegedly told the police after interrogation that he was imprisoned for seven months for raping a 22-year-old employee of a Gurgaon pub in 2011 and was out on bail.
The Delhi police said he was accused of rape in 2011 but Uber got his background check done when he was hired and found nothing incriminating. The cops also added that the cab did not have the mandatory GPS.
Delhi police authorities was quoted by Mail Today as saying: 'Yadav was questioned at the Highway Police station after he was nabbed from Chandrapuri Mohalla. After sustained interrogation, he broke down and admitted that he had raped the 25-year-old girl when she was returning from a party in Vasant Vihar in south Delhi to her home in Inderlok in North Delhi on Friday night.'
Officials added it was then that the accused also disclosed that he was involved in a separate rape incident.
Deputy Commissioner of Police (North), Madhur Verma told Mail Today: 'After raping, and then threatening the victim not to report the incident, Yadav went to his ancestral house in Chandrapuri Mohalla on Saturday morning. His wife was not expecting him home at that time and, seeing him in a dishevelled state, asked him if he was the rapist news channels had been reporting on. He lied to her, saying he was being framed in a false case. He told her they would have to leave immediately. But before they could flee, several teams of Delhi Police arrived and Yadav took off on his own.'
On Sunday, Shiv Kumar Yadav was taken into custody from his hideout in Mathura, about 135 km south of the capital, Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat told IANS in Delhi.
The 32-year-old driver, a resident of Mathura, was caught in a joint operation by Delhi and Uttar Pradesh Police force.
A police official told IANS in Mathura that Yadav was being interrogated at the Highway Police Station after he was nabbed from Chandrapuri colony. Police said they have also seized a white car.
The driver, employed with international cab-booking company Uber, is accused of raping the woman who was returning home in north Delhi's Inderlok area from Gurgaon, where she is employed as an analyst in a finance company in Sector 21 for the past three years.
After the name of Uber came up in the case, the app-based ride-sharing service Sunday issued a statement, saying it has given police all details of the driver and GPS information.
"Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver's account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done," Uber spokeswoman Evelyn Tay said in a statement.
"Safety is Uber's highest priority, and in India, we work with licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform," the spokeswoman said.
In her police complaint, the woman said she finished her day-long shift around 7 p.m. Friday and went to a hotel in Gurgaon for dinner with her friends.
The woman was later dropped in Vasant Vihar area by her friends from where she hired a private cab around 9.30 pm, police said quoting from the complaint.
"While on my way home, I fell asleep on the back seat of the cab. A few minutes later, I realised that the car was stopped at a secluded place and the driver was molesting me," the woman said in her complaint.
She said the driver slapped her many times when she objected to his molestation attempt.
"I tried to unlock the cab door but failed. The driver threatened to kill me and raped me," the woman said.
Police said the driver later dropped the woman near her home and once again threatened her with dire consequences if she approached police.
Police said the woman made a call to the police control room around 1.30 a.m. Saturday and informed officials about her ordeal. (Agencies)
Recommend

Modi  Mukesh Ambani most searched personalities in 2014: YahooPrime Minister Narendra Modi and Chairman of Reliance Industries Ltd. Mukesh Ambani. File photos.
TOPICS
world wide web
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and industrialist Mukesh Ambani feature amongst the most searched personalities online this year, according to search engine Yahoo.
According to the seventh edition of Yahoo India’s ‘Year in Review’, Prime Minister Narendra Modi led the list of ‘High and Mighty? the Political Top 10’ in 2014, followed by his aides Arun Jaitley (Finance and I&B Minister) and BJP President Amit Shah.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Congress President Sonia Gandhi, Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu and BJP General Secretary Ram Madhav have also been named in the list.
The review is based on users’ daily search habits and an editorial selection of what they read, recommended and shared most on Yahoo in India.
“The slew of reforms and Modi’s efforts to improve diplomatic ties were of ongoing interest to Yahoo users. ‘Make in India’ made it to the top of the list of Biggest Financial Events of the Year,” Yahoo said.
Industrialist Mukesh Ambani made a second appearance at the No. 1 spot as the nation’s most influential people, followed by Tata Group boss Cyrus Mistry and Gautam Adani, Chief of Adani Group of Industries.
This year’s top finance newsmakers include Apple CEO Tim Cook, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, Infosys CEO and MD Vishal Sikka, Flipkart’s Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal and Snapdeal’s Rohit Bansal.
Two high-profile deaths in the corporate world — the mysterious plane crash of French oil major Total’s CEO Christophe de Margerie’s in Moscow and the death of Tata Motors’ MD Karl Slym in Bangkok — were among other top searches in this category.
Sachin Tendulkar, with his much talked about autobiography, topped the cricketers of the year list, followed by Phil Hughes, MS Dhoni and N. Srinivasan.
Sunny Leone was the most-searched celebrity for the third year in a row, along with names like Deepika Padukone, Alia Bhatt, Hrithik Roshan and John Abraham.
In the tech category, Yahoo users searched for Apple iPhone 6, Samsung Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Note 4, Microsoft XBox One, Amazon Kindle Fire, Sony PlayStation 4 and Microsoft Surface Pro 3.
Most popular cars in terms of online search were Hyundai Xcent, Tata Zest, Hyundai Elite i20, Maruti Ciaz and Diesel powered Honda City.

Setback for DLF  HC says demolish portion of complexDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
In a blow to real estate major DLF, the Kerala High Court today directed it to demolish certain portions of its apartment complex, constructed on the banks of the Chilavanoor backwaters here in violation of Coastal Regulation Zone norms.
Justice A V Ramakrishna Pillai issued the direction while disposing of a petition by one A V Antony of Kochi against the construction alleging that there was violation of CRZ norms.
The court directed DLF to stop all further construction as per the permit granted by Kochi corporation.
Earlier, the Kerala Coastal Zone Management Authority (KCZMA) had accused the Kochi Corporation of allegedly helping DLF to complete the construction of its apartment complex on the Chilavannoor backwaters by refusing to act on the authorityâ€™s directive not to grant building permits for constructions in CRZ areas.
In an affidavit, K K Ramachandran, member secretary of the authority, had stated that as per the CRZ notification, all constructions with an investment of Rs five crore or more required prior CRZ clearance from the Ministry of Environment and Forests. The construction by DLF was allowed without following the provisions of the notification.
The KCZMA said it had issued instructions to the corporation and the Ernakulam District Collector to initiate action against DLF under the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986. As per the report that was prepared by the Centre for Earth Sciences Studies (CESS), the property of DLF fell within CRZ I (ii) and CRZ II categories.
The KCZMA had directed the corporation to stop all illegal constructions in the CRZ areas. However, the corporation had failed to comply with the provisions of the Environmental (Protection) Act, it was submitted.
The construction had been undertaken after reclaiming ‘wetland pokkali field’ which had been classified as CRZ I (ii) areas as it was an ecologically fragile area.
TAGS: Dlf
More from companies

GM India to Hike Prices by up to Rs 20 000You are here: Home Corporates
General Motors to Hike Prices by up to Rs 20,000 From January
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 08, 2014 16:00 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: General Motors India on Monday said it will hike prices of its entire product portfolio by up to Rs 20,000 from next month, in order to partially offset rising input costs.
All the eight models of the company's current product portfolio in the country, including entry level compact car Spark, will become costlier due to price hike.
"We have decided to increase the price of all car models to the tune of 1 per cent with effect from January 1 due to input cost pressure. The quantum ranges between Rs 5,000 to 20,000 depending upon the models and variants," General Motors India vice president P Balendran told PTI.
Currently, the Spark model is priced between Rs 3.45 lakh and Rs 4 lakh while Beat is priced between Rs 4.01 lakh and Rs 5.93 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The company's Sail hatchback is priced between Rs 4.41 lakh and Rs 6.81 lakh, while Sail sedan is priced between Rs 5.19 lakh and Rs 7.64 lakh.
Multi utility vehicle Enjoy is priced between Rs 5.8 lakh and Rs 8.22 lakh while Tavera is priced between Rs 6.9 lakh and Rs 10.68 lakh.
The Cruze is priced between Rs 13.79 lakh and Rs 16.30 lakh while SUV Captiva is priced between Rs 23.75 lakh and Rs 25.85 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
Story first published on: December 08, 2014 15:55 (IST)

Italy downgrade casts gloom over euro zoneItaly downgrade casts gloom over euro zone
Reuters
Tweet
London, Dec 8:  
European stocks and government bonds dipped on Monday as weak data from Asia, a rating downgrade for Italy and the slump in oil prices stoked concerns about global growth.
The US dollar bucked the trend, extending gains after a surprisingly strong US labour data on Friday, and adding further pressure on the Russian rouble which has been hurt as oil prices fall back towards five-year lows.
Europe’s index of top shares, the FTSEurofirst, opened down 0.4 per cent, mirroring a move in Asia after China’s trade performance in November was much weaker than expected, while Japan’s economy in the third quarter shrank even more than initially reported.
The Italian bourse started the day as the worst performer before recovering, after S&P downgraded the credit rating of the euro zone’s third largest economy to just one notch above junk on Friday, underscoring the limited progress made by Italy Prime Minister Matteo Renzi.
Italian government bond yields, which move in the opposite direction to prices, shot higher, pulling up borrowing costs across the bloc.
“The euphoria from Friday’s US payrolls is dissipating, we’re seeing a bit of profit-taking,’’ said Pierre Martin, a trader at Saxo Bank.
“Italy's downgrade is a good reminder that Europe is far from being out of the woods.’’
One of ECB’s longest standing policymakers said the euro zone economy was “experiencing a massive weakening’’, a development that has pushed the central to look closer at sovereign bond purchases.
In Asia, MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slipped 0.3 per cent. Tokyo’s Nikkei edged up 0.1 per cent with the downward revision to Japan’s GDP neutralising much of the positive impact from a weaker yen. South Korea’s Kospi lost 0.2 per cent, while Singaporean and Malaysian shares also dipped.
The Shanghai composite index gained 2.9 per cent after the downbeat Chinese data added to hopes that China will implement more stimulus to shore up its economy.
“Shockingly, (China’s) imports contracted by 6.7 per cent year-on-year — their weakest performance since the Lehman crisis (except the volatile Lunar New Year-related period),’’ said Dariusz Kowalczyk, economist at Credit Agricole in Hong Kong.
“This is partly a reflection of lower commodity prices and base effects, but these two factors cannot fully explain the weak import number and we have to assume that poor domestic demand has played a part. This means that pressure will rise on the government to do more to stimulate growth,’’ he said.
The Australian and the New Zealand dollars, sensitive to the economic fortunes of China, were the main losers among major currencies, touching new 4-1/2 year and 2-1/2 year lows, respectively.
The disappointing Chinese and Japanese data contrasted sharply with Friday’s US non-farm payrolls that showed employment in November surged by 321,000, easily topping forecasts for 230,000 new jobs.
Brent crude fell around 1.5 percent to $68.07 a barrel, approaching a five-year low of $67.53 hit last week, with a forecast cut by Morgan Stanley exacerbating the fall.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Development only path to solve problems ailing J&K: ModiDevelopment only path to solve problems ailing J&K: Modi
IBNLive.com | Dec 08, 2014 at 05:16pm IST
Srinagar: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday invoked his mantra of 'Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikaas' again and said development is the only path to solve all the problems of Jammu and Kashmir. He also invoked former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's ideas of communal harmony, humanity and democracy to share the pain of Kashmiris.
Addressing a pubic rally for the first time in Kashmir for the ongoing Assembly elections, the PM said corruption was the biggest challenge which Jammu and Kashmir was facing. "Terror in Jammu and Kashmir has ended but not corruption. We have to fight together against corruption."
In his 30-minute speech, Modi used the opportunity to attack the "all pervasive" corruption under successive governments of "Congress, father-son and father-daughter" in the last 30 years and asked the people to give him "one chance" to bring development.
"There is only one way to solve all problems - that is the path of development. I have come here with the mantra of 'Sabka Saath Sabka Vikaas'," he said.
"People of Kashmir have given me a lot of trust and love. I will repay this love and trust with interest in the form of development. I can die for this love and trust showered on me," he said in his first election meeting in the Valley, that avoided any mention of controversial issues like abrogation of Article 370.
Addressing a pubic rally for the first time in Kashmir for the ongoing Assembly elections, the PM said corruption was the biggest challenge which Jammu and Kashmir was facing.
Wearing a traditional Kashmiri 'Pheran', Modi sought to strike a chord with the people saying,"I as Pradhan Sevak have come to share your pain and anguish. Your sorrow is my sorrow, your pain is my pain, your problem is my problem. I have not come to take anything.Paying tribute to the Army personnel who laid down their lives in the recent terror attack, Modi said, "Army jawans have laid down their lives for your democracy. Their martyrdom will not go in waste. It should not go in vain".
Addressing the election rally at Vijaypur, his fourth in Jammu and Kashmir, Modi praised the high voter turnout of over 70 per cent in the state and said the people had shown to the world the power of ballot. Inspite of the winter conditions, "people of J&K havepolled 70-71 percent votes and scripted history. I praise the people of J&K for this," he said.
"You (J&K people) have exercised the right of franchise and shown faith in democracy. Those people who were suppressing you (people of J&K) with bullets, you have defeated the bullets by use of ballots," he said.
"The finger that presses the trigger of AK-47 takes lives and kill people, but the finger that presses EVM changes the destiny of the country", Modi said.
He said the entire country is proud of the people of Jammu and Kashmir.
"The way you (people of J&K) have defeated the bullets the people of entire country are proud of you. Everybody in the country is praising you. It is a lesson for those people who despite living in an environment of peace, love and family comfort, do not come out to vote."
"Your power is more than those holding AK-47 rifle so I have come here today to request you to form majority BJP government in the state and stamp out the dynastic rule of the two families. I assure you that I will repay with interest what you have given to me by undertaking development of the state", the Prime Minister said.
Terming PDP, NC and Congress as beneficiaries of politics of opportunism, Modi alleged that they have neglected the J&K for decades together. "They should be rejected by the people of J&K," he said.
Hitting out at Congress for enjoying power with both PDP and NC in coalition, the Prime Minister said that Congress sits into the lap of PDP and NC for power and then criticizes them during elections.
He said that politics of opportunism must end to undertake development of the state. "For this we have to get rid of dynastic rule of these families and form a government of BJP with majority in the state, he added.
Modi said that people should vote to form a majority government rather than "3-legged or four-headed" government.
Referring to the issue of refugees of PoK and other displaced people in Jammu and Kashmir, Modi said that it is the country's responsibility to rehabilitate them and give them full rights.
Promising to mitigate the problems of 12 lakh displaced people in the state, he said that for 60 years they have not been given their rights.
"People in the army and police have died so have the innocent youths. Their loss is irreparable and no one can compensate for it but sharing can reduce the pain."
Invoking Vajpayee's famous 2003 speech at the same venue, Modi said,"Vajpayee made a good beginning. I have come to carry this forward. It is my duty to carry forward and fulfil his dreams of Insaniyat, Kashmiriyat and Jamhooriyat (democracy) which are the three pillars that can turn around Kashmir in the 21st century on the path of development."
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Sebi approves exit of Interconnected Stock ExchangeSebi approves exit of Interconnected Stock Exchange
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 07:20 PM IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India has approved the exit order of Inter-Connected Stock Exchange of India (ISE), a bourse which was set up by the coming together of around 12 regional bourses.
"Whole Time Member, Sebi, has passed an Order on December 08, 2014 providing the exit to Inter-connected Stock Exchange of India Limited ("ISE"). ISE is the fifth Stock Exchange to exit under this policy," according to a statement on the regulator's website.
The recognition of ISE was last renewed by Sebi for a period of one year commencing on November 18, 2013 and ending on November 17, 2014. The approval was subject to the condition that no trades are to take place before meeting the necessary regulatory requirements.
The regulator has required exchanges to have a networth of Rs 100 crore and an annual turnover of Rs 1,000 crore.
The ISE board subsequently passed a resolution to apply for exit on May 29, 2014.
"A copy of this order shall be forwarded to the Income Tax Authorities and the State Government of Maharashtra and Ministry of Corporate Affairs intimating the exit of ISE and for appropriate action at their end as per applicable laws," said the order.
ISE is the fifth exchange to exit after the regulator tightened exchange norms. Regional exchanges from Hyderabad, Saurashtra, Coimbatore and Mangalore have already exited.
 

Low oil price sees BP consider jobs cutsBP considers job cuts in face of plunge in oil price
By Henry Sanderson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f59d02c8-7e10-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Can technology pick the perfect health plan for youBy Jason Millman December 8 Follow @jasonmillman
(AP Photo/J. David Ake)
As much as any Web site claims to be an Amazon or a Kayak for health insurance, shopping for health insurance is still pretty difficult. Don't just take my word for it — just ask a health economist .
How people get their health insurance is undergoing a major transformation, in part because of changes in how employers are providing benefits and the Affordable Care Act's coverage expansion. An estimated 25 million people will have individual coverage through Obamacare's health insurance marketplaces within just a few years, while an Accenture report found another 3 million people in 2014 received employer health coverage through similar private insurance marketplaces, or exchanges — where enrollment is projected to soon surpass the ACA exchanges, according to a couple of recent estimates.
That all adds up to tens of millions of people buying health insurance on their own. They could use some help — and a painless-as-possible shopping experience that ultimately ends with them picking the best possible health plan for their particular situation. And here's where technology and health care firms are looking to step in.
There's a simple reason why buying health insurance isn't as easy as buying a big-screen television — with a TV, you pretty much know what you're going to get after you buy it. It's not the same with your health. You can have a reasonable expectation for how much health-care services you'll consume in the coming year, but an accident or an illness could throw a wrench in those plans. So buying the right health insurance plan comes down to your health care needs and your ability to tolerate financial risk if the unexpected happens.
In all, there are about an astounding 900,000 variables that go into choosing the right health plan, according to the founders of Picwell, a new company from University of Pennsylvania professors who are using predictive analytics to help people shop for the best coverage — in no more than four or five personal questions. People using Picwell's technology are asked their age, sex, zip code, any medications they're taking and, if they want, they can also include their doctor in their search. The company's algorithms — which cull from public and private claims data and demographic information — then spit out a few recommended health plans.
"There's a big issue for consumers that you almost have to become an expert in health benefits — you have to understand all the way down to the micro level the cost structure," said Picwell chief executive Jay Silverstein, a longtime veteran of the health insurance industry. "We have all that seamlessly built in."
Minnesota's state-run exchange recently hired the company to determine whether people shopping in the health insurance marketplace for the first time this past year purchased the best coverage for them.
"We are very focused on getting Minnesotans into the most comprehensive coverage at the best price possible, and the tools being developed by Picwell add another layer to our existing efforts," said Jenni Bowring-McDonough, spokeswoman for the Minnesota exchange. "We believe their work will help us better identify and target populations and individuals who may need more information in order to choose the very best coverage."
Several other state-run ACA marketplaces have also expressed interest in adding decision support tools that would make it easier for shoppers — many buying coverage for the first time — to pick the right plan, said Katherine Hempstead, a director at the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. Hempstead's organization is overseeing a challenge for developers to build such tools that would help customers understand coverage options, including how much they're likely to pay out of their own pockets beyond just the cost of monthly premiums.
"Nobody can wade through that landscape," Hempstead said. "There are so many salient features of how cost-sharing works in these plans, it's actually a difficult decision for consumers."
Most private exchanges offering employer coverage offer some sort of online decision-support tool, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation report this fall. As the report points out, there seems to be some growing ease with these tools — Aon Hewitt in 2014, the second year of its exchange, saw significantly more of its enrollees rely on these kinds of technology tools to compare plan benefits and provider networks.
Liazon, another private exchange, highlights the top three health plan recommendations based on information that consumers provide. About two-thirds of the time, consumers using Liazon will pick among or near the highest-recommended plans, estimates Alan Cohen, who founded the company in 2007. In all, it takes just about two minutes to fill out all the information Liazon's recommendation engine needs, according to Cohen.
"There's always a battle between asking more and more information and making it easier to get through," he said. "The perfect recommendation engine would have someone sit down for an hour and answer questions, but you can't do that. You have to be able to get people in and out."
But will this technology make it more likely that people will make shopping for health insurance an annual ritual to possibly get themselves a better deal? The evidence so far seems to suggest no. After two years, the vast majority of enrollees in private exchanges stuck with their coverage — which Kaiser said is either a sign of inertia or that enrollees are happy with their coverage. RWJF's Hempstead said the technology market for these tools is still developing in response the expected growth in consumers shopping for their own health insurance. "We're trying to sell a product to consumers that wasn't really designed to be sold directly," she said. "When I think about all the different [health plan] features, I feel like we're really asking a lot of consumers here."
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.

Select Committee adopts draft report on Insurance Bill  Congress in favourDec 08, 2014 at 08:46pm IST
Select Committee adopts draft report on Insurance Bill, Congress in favour
15
0
New Delhi: The Select Committee looking into the Insurance Bill on Monday adopted a draft report with a majority of members giving a nod to it.
According to sources, at least 11 out of the 15 members agreed to the report by the Chandan Mitra headed committee.
The report is likely to be tabled in the Upper House later this week.
According to sources, at least 11 out of the 15 members agreed to the report by the Chandan Mitra headed committee.
#fdi #insurance bill #parliament #select committee
The bill provides for raising the existing 26 per cent cap on foreign direct investment (FDI) in the sector to 49 per cent. The committee, according to sources has said that it shall include all kinds of foreign investments.
Those who went against the report were Samajwadi Party, Communist Party of India-Marxist, Trinamool Congress and Janata Dal-United.
A JD-U leader told IANS his party representative staged a walkout from the meet and will be giving a note of dissent on the report.
The other three parties are also set to give a note of dissent, according to sources.
However, Congress appeared in favour of the bill, paving way for passage of the bill in the Upper House where it does not have a majority.
Sources from the Congress said if government accepts their recommendations they will not oppose the bill, which was originally brought during Congress led United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government.
One of the demands from Congress is that FDI and FII are kept separate so that the foreign money does not breach the sectoral cap of 49 per cent.
1

Policy reform to support India s growth potential: Moody sProbe Manmohan Singh, Birla roles in coal blocks: Court to CBI
The outlook for India’s rating would improve if fiscal, inflation and infrastructure metrics get better, a global report said.
“India’s Baa3 government bond rating balances the strong growth potential of its large and diverse economy against high fiscal deficits, recurrent inflationary pressures, as well as regulatory and infrastructure constraints on competitiveness,” said Moody’s Investors Service report.
The stable outlook on the rating is based on an expectation that Indian authorities will continue with policy efforts to improve the macro-economic balance and address structural constraints on growth, it said.
These conclusions are contained in the rating agency’s annual credit analysis on India.
Moody’s Investors Service report also India’s per capita income of USD 1,509 (2013) (about Rs 92,049) ranks in the bottom decile of all rated sovereigns, limiting government’s tax revenue base and increasing spending claims on its limited resources. It results in larger fiscal deficits compared to peers.
Other countries with similar scores for economic strength include Indonesia and Malaysia, which have better competitiveness, income and infrastructure metrics, but smaller economies and lower average real growth rates, it said.
The report said that “the outlook for India’s rating would improve if fiscal, inflation and infrastructure metrics were to move closer to Baa median scores.”
On the other hand, the outlook would weaken with a further deterioration in the fiscal position, or rising contingent liabilities from the state-owned banking sector, or a material decline in foreign exchange reserves coverage of external debt and imports.
India’s sovereign credit profile is based on four main analytic factors. These factors are economic strength, institutional strength, fiscal strength and susceptibility to event risk, it said.
Moody’s said India’s high economic strength is a key source of sovereign credit support. India’s GDP growth, savings and investment rates exceed comparable emerging-market averages.
Although growth slowed significantly between 2011 and 2014, Moody’s expects it to accelerate from between 5 per cent and 6 per cent over the next year to above 7 per cent thereafter, if global economic and financial conditions remain benign and the government effectively implements its macro-economic and structural reform agenda, it said.
Although inflation has declined in recent months, India’s inflation levels are high compared to rating peers.
The report pointed to recurrent inflation, regulatory complexity and weak infrastructure as constraints on the rating that reflect institutional challenges.
TAGS: Indian Economy Moody's
More from economy

Growth to accelerate to 6.5% in 2015 on reforms: FitchGrowth to accelerate to 6.5% in 2015 on reforms: Fitch
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 09.22PM IST
("India will be the only BRIC…)
NEW DELHI: India's economic growth rate will accelerate to 6.5 per cent in 2015 and further to 6.8 per cent in 2016 on account of reforms, Fitch Ratings said today.
"India will be the only BRIC country where growth picks up in 2014 to 5.6 per cent and accelerates to 6.5 per cent in 2015 and 6.8 per cent in 2016, owing to the government's reforms to the business environment," the ratings firm said in its Global Economic Outlook.
On RBI's monetary policy, Fitch said policy might become more accomodative in 2015 as a reaction to lower inflation, which would support GDP growth.
"A new monetary policy framework resulting from discussions between government and RBI could contribute to a credible low inflation environment in the future," it said.
On BRIC nations, it said China's slowdown is structural and GDP growth is likely to moderate to 7.3 per cent in 2014, 6.8 per cent in 2015 and 6.5 per cent in 2016.
Brazil has entered a technical recession earlier this year and it is likely to face another challenging year in 2015 with GDP growth of just 1 per cent, the report said.
"Russia will fall into recession in 2015 with GDP contracting 1.5 per cent under the combined weight of western sanctions, sharply lower oil prices and tightening financial conditions.
"Investment remains firmly in negative territory, real wage growth is close to zero and household demand is marking time," it added.
Fitch said the global growth is uneven, but it will strengthen in 2015 and 2016.
It said the world recovery is increasingly dependent on the US growth engine, adding "A buoyant US economy is the main engine of global growth, while the recovery continues to falter in the eurozone, Japan and many large emerging markets."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt mulls banning Uber cab services across India | FIR likley | Full CoverageGovt mulls banning cab services of Uber across India
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 07.20PM IST
Tags:
Home Ministry
(The Centre is contemplating…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre is contemplating to ban the cab services of Uber across India after a driver engaged by the company allegedly raped a girl in Delhi.
The Home Ministry is planning to ask all state governments and administration of nine union territories, where Uber runs its cab services, to put a ban on it, official sources said today.
Uber cab services are available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Jaipur, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Kolkata and Pune.
The central government is also likely to ask all state governments and UT administrations to find out whether similar app-based taxi service is running in their jurisdiction contrary to the existing rules and regulations, the sources said.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh is expected to make a statement to this effect in Rajya Sabha tomorrow where he may mention about the steps to be taken for regulating the app- based cab services.
Meanwhile, the Home Ministry has posed to Delhi government eight questions related to Uber cab service and asked for its reply as early as possible.
The questions include details about Uber's operations in the national capital, its commercial all India permit and how come this company is using or "misusing" that permit, how come a rape accused got driving licence and how many such services are operating in Delhi.
Uber was banned today in Delhi after one of its drivers allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman executive on Friday night.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1zFHNYFFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
'Father of video games' Ralph Baer dies at 92
Ralph Baer, the creator of the first home video game console system called "the father of video games," died at 92, according to multiple published reports
Post to Facebook
'Father of video games' Ralph Baer dies at 92 Ralph Baer, the creator of the first home video game console system called "the father of video games," died at 92, according to multiple published reports Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8A0CD
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
'Father of video games' Ralph Baer dies at 92
Brett Molina , 11:30 a.m. EST December 8, 2014
In this Feb. 3, 1977, file photo, Ralph Baer, an engineer for Sanders Associates, Inc., of Nashua, N.H., in front of his TV hockey game.
(Photo: AP)
172 CONNECT 108 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Ralph Baer, the creator of the first home video game console system called "the father of video games," died at 92, according to multiple published reports.
The Associated Press confirmed Baer's passing with Goodwin Funeral Home in Manchester, N.H., where Baer was a longtime resident.
Baer is credited with launching the video game console business, creating the first home device, the Magnavox Odyssey. The battery-powered console included a controller with two knobs players could twist to move horizontally or vertically.
Born in Germany in 1922, Baer and his family fled to the U.S. in his teens. After serving in the U.S. Army during World War II, Baer landed at the American Television Institute of Technology in Chicago, according to a biography on his website .
While working as an engineer for New Hampshire-based company Sanders Associates, Baer created the technology that would power the Odyssey.
In 2006, Baer was presented with a National Medal for Science and Technology by President George W. Bush.
Baer continued to create well into his 90s, as documented in the PBS Digital Studios series Inventors. "It's like I'm basically an artist," said Baer in a PBS interview. "I'm no different from a painter who sits there and loves what he does. Would you ask who's been painting all his life, 'why do you keep painting? Why don't you retire?' Retire to what? Stop painting? This is insane. Why would you want to do that?"
Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23 .
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A8A0CD
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014
Five decades of home video games
This November, the video game industry welcomes two more home consoles: the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Here's how the home video game console has evolved over the last 40 years. (Dates based on launches in North America).
1972
Evan Amos, Wikimedia Commons
Magnavox Odyssey
Developed by Ralph Baer, the father of the video game, the Odyssey was the first home console. It was battery powered, and featured a controller with two knobs to move horizontally and vertically. Games included 'Cat and Mouse,' 'Hockey,' and 'Shooting Gallery,' which was playable with an electronic rifle peripheral.
1977
Wikimedia Commons
Atari 2600
Although Odyssey and a home version of 'Pong' served as pioneers, the 2600 helped popularize video games in the home. Known for its signature black joystick and early models with wood paneling, the console hosted arcade classics such as 'Asteroids' and 'Breakout.' Nearly 30 million Atari 2600 consoles were sold in its lifetime.
1979
Wikimedia Commons
Intellivision
When they weren't making Barbies and Matchbox cars, toy company Mattel dabbled in home video games with Intellivision. Derived from term "intelligent television," the console featured a controller with numeric keypad and a directional disc. Games included 'Astrosmash; and 'Star Strike.'
1982
Fritz Saalfeld, Wikimedia Commons
ColecoVision
The second-generation console became a chief rival to the 2600, with titles such as the Nintendo hit 'Donkey Kong' and 'Spy Hunter.' Its controllers continued the trend of the numeric keypad, but was paired with a joystick on top.
1982
Wikimedia Commons
Atari 5200
The 8-bit successor to the 2600 used the standard joystick with numeric keypad, and buttons to Start, Reset and Pause action. Titles such as 'Pac-Man' and 'Pole Position' appeared on the 5200, which failed to match the 2600's success after a massive economic crash struck the video game industry one year later.
1985
Wikimedia Commons
Nintendo Entertainment System
Heralded as an industry savior, Nintendo's first home console in the U.S. catapulted in popularity through hit titles such as 'Super Mario Bros.,' 'The Legend of Zelda' and third-party classics like 'Tecmo Bowl.' It also established Nintendo as a powerhouse in the business. The console's controller dropped joysticks in favor of a directional pad with A and B buttons. More than 61 million were sold over its lifetime.
1986
Wikimedia Commons
Sega Master System
The Japanese company's debut in the home video game console market would kick off a furious battle with Nintendo that spanned several years. The device was best known for video game classics such as 'After Burner,' 'Shinobi,' 'Alex Kidd in Miracle World' and 'Phantasy Star.'
1986
Adam Jenkins, Wikimedia Commons
Atari 7800
After originally launching in 1984 to succeed the 5200, the 7800 was re-released two years later, boasting a controller with larger joystick and red button on the sides. Along with titles such as 'Centipede' and 'Ms. Pac-Man,' the 7800 also supported all 2600 titles.
1988
Wikimedia Commons
Sega Genesis
Sega's second device pulled players into the fourth generation, and launched a memorable campaign against Nintendo ("Genesis does what Nintendon't"). The 16-bit console featured a three-button controller with directional pad, and delivered classics including 'Altered Beast' and 'NHL 94.' The Genesis also introduced players to Sega's eventual mascot Sonic the Hedgehog.
1989
Wikimedia Commons
TurboGrafx-16
The NEC console can be summed up with one word: 'Bonk.' The TurboGrafx mascot starred in his own platforming adventure, battling Super Mario and Sonic the Hedgehog for supremacy. However, the console never escaped the shadows of the Genesis and SNES.
1991
Wikimedia Commons
Super Nintendo Entertainment System
Nintendo upped the ante on its NES successor with a six-button controller and a significant graphical upgrade. Notable titles include 'Starfox,' 'Super Metroid,' 'Super Mario World' and 'Chrono Trigger.' Although a popular device, it failed to top the NES, selling 49 million.
1991
Evan Amos, Wikimedia Commons
Neo-Geo
The SNK home console featured familiar titles such as 'Metal Slug' and 'King of Fighters.' However, the Neo Geo might have been best known for its astronomical launch price of $649.99.
1993
Adam Jenkins, Wikimedia Commons
Atari Jaguar
Claiming to be the first 64-bit video game console, Jaguar would end up being the last home device built by Atari. It dropped joysticks for a directional pad, numeric keypad and three red buttons across the front. Despite running titles such as 'Alien vs. Predator' and 'Doom,' the Jaguar flopped.
1993
Wikimedia Commons
3DO
Panasonic was one of two newcomers in the 32-bit era, introducing the 3DO Interactive Multiplayer with titles such as 'Crash 'n Burn' and 'The Need For Speed,' which launched Electronic Arts' longstanding 'Need For Speed' franchise. Unfortunately, the 3DO's steep $699 price tag was too much for video game players to handle.
1995
Sony
Sony PlayStation
Sony makes its video game industry debut with the PlayStation. Although earlier devices experimented with games on CD format, the PlayStation was the first to drop the signature game cartridge entirely. The platform hosted several significant titles, such as 'Final Fantasy VII,' 'Metal Gear Solid' and 'Gran Turismo.' More than 100 million were sold in its lifetime.
1995
Sega
Sega Saturn
The arrival's of Sega's follow-up to the Genesis marked the beginning of its decline in industry power, as Nintendo and newcomer Sony moved to the front of the pack. Among the console's most popular titles: 'Panzer Dragoon Saga' and 'Virtua Fighter 2.'
1996
Nintendo
Nintendo 64
Nintendo makes the leap to 64-bit devices, introducing franchises such as 'Super Mario' and 'The Legend of Zelda' to a world of three-dimensional graphics. It was the final Nintendo home console to use cartridge-based games. It also hosted 'Goldeneye 007,' a pioneer for console-based first-person shooters.
1998
Sega
Sega Dreamcast
Although the Dreamcast's run ended quickly and hastened the demise of Sega as a console maker, the Dreamcast managed to make a powerful impact. It was the first home console to incorporate an online multiplayer component, a staple in today's devices. Notable titles included 'Crazy Taxi,' 'Shenmue' and 'Jet Set Radio.'
2000
Sony
PlayStation 2
Sony stakes its claim as the top video game console manufacturer with the launch of the PS2, the best-selling home device to date at more than 155 million. Controllers included a second analog stick, while the box itself featured a built-in DVD player. The PS2 served as a springboard to success for franchises such as 'Grand Theft Auto,' 'God of War' and 'Metal Gear Solid.'
2001
Microsoft
Microsoft Xbox
Microsoft becomes the first American company since Atari to jump into video game console development with its Xbox. The device mastered online game play with its Xbox Live service while delivering the hit series Halo. The device was also the first to drop memory cards for storing game saves in favor of an internal hard disk drive. Microsoft went on to sell 25 million Xboxes.
2001
Nintendo
Nintendo GameCube
After ruling the market for years, Nintendo would find itself mired in third place with the GameCube, which sold only 21 million units worldwide. The GameCube shifted from cartridges for games to mini DVD discs, and expanded upon its "wing grip" controller. Popular titles included 'Metroid Prime' and 'Super Smash Bros. Melee.'
2005
Microsoft
Xbox 360
After only four years, Microsoft replaced the Xbox with the Xbox 360, introducing several key features such as native wireless controllers. Despite early hardware problems including the infamous 'red ring of death,' the 360's popularity has grown in recent years through upgrades to its Xbox Live service and the addition of several non-gaming entertainment apps such as Netflix. Microsoft has sold 76 million 360 consoles to date.
2006
Nintendo
Nintendo Wii
Approaching 100 million sold, the Wii fueled Nintendo's resurgence in the video game industry. Instead of focusing on technical prowess, Nintendo turned its attention to the gameplay experience, pioneering the use of motion controls on home consoles. Titles such as 'Wii Sports,' 'Wii Fit' and 'Super Mario Galaxy' led the charge, as Nintendo sold nearly 870 million games worldwide.
2006
Sony
PlayStation 3
Sony's reign at the top would end with the PlayStation 3, available at launch in 20 GB and 60 GB models. The company beefed up its online PlayStation Network and unveiled SixAxis, technology that added motion-enabled options to the controller. However, the $499 and $599 price tags turned off many consumers. The device has rebounded recently through drops in price and powerful franchises such as 'Uncharted.'
2012
Nintendo
Nintendo Wii U
Nintendo finally joins Sony and Microsoft in the high-definition gaming era with its Wii U. Its highlighted by a GamePad tablet controller that combines a traditional controller with touchscreen. It's also compatible with all Nintendo Wii games, and added more entertainment features such as TVii and the social Miiverse. The device has struggled to catch on with video game players, selling only 3.45 million since launch.
June 2013
Ouya
Ouya
Due in stores on June 25, the $99 crowd-funded console will have more than 120 Android-based free-to-try games available at launch. The games are high-definition but many have classic 8-bit and 16-bit vibes.
November 15, 2013
PlayStation 4
For its successor to the PS3, Sony rolls out a sleeker model with upgraded controller that features Share buttons to show off game moments between friends and a touchpad. The $399 device sports a 500 GB hard drive and supports an upgraded PlayStation Camera with voice commands.
November 22, 2013
Microsoft
Xbox One
The next generation Xbox boasts an enhanced Kinect controller with improved video, motion and sound tracking. Also on board: a 500 Gigabyte hard drive and Blu-ray Disc player. Advanced online features include games and player profiles to be saved in the cloud.
USA TODAY research

http://usat.ly/1vwo61kFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
New Delhi bans Uber after alleged rape by driver
The Indian capital on Monday banned taxi-booking service Uber after a woman accused one of its drivers of raping her.
Post to Facebook
New Delhi bans Uber after alleged rape by driver The Indian capital on Monday banned taxi-booking service Uber after a woman accused one of its drivers of raping her. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8vS5G
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
New Delhi bans Uber after alleged rape by driver
Video Keywords GPS tracking device online tax
Indian police say they are considering legal action against online taxi service Uber after the alleged rape of a passenger by the driver. Paul Chapman reports Video provided by Reuters Newslook
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  The group that can't be accused of reaping a young
00:03  female passenger in India's turn the spotlight again on the online
00:07  tax service for the wrong reasons. Candy she kimono that was
00:11  arrested on Sunday after the alleged victim complaints police. She says
00:15  she was walls not to report the attack but she noted
00:18  the driver's number took a snap of his com. Police say
00:22  who to have failed to carry out background checks on immortal
00:25  and shortages taxi was fitted with a GPS tracking device. Investigations
00:29  are threatening legal action against the firm. The company says India
00:33  has no defined rules the background checks on commercial transport licenses.
00:38  It says it's working with the government to resolve the problem
00:41  who was already faced critical news coverage of its tried to
00:44  screening in the US.
Katy Daigle, AP 11:57 a.m. EST December 8, 2014
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) activists on Monday protest against the alleged rape of a female finance company executive by an Uber driver in New Delhi.
(Photo: EPA)
12 CONNECT 27 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW DELHI — The Indian capital on Monday banned taxi-booking service Uber after a woman accused one of its drivers of raping her.
Transport official Satish Mathur made the announcement as the 32-year-old suspect appeared in a New Delhi court.
The court ordered Shiv Kumar Yadav held for three days for police questioning over allegations that he raped the finance company employee after being hired to ferry her home from a dinner engagement on Friday night. The court also ordered Yadav's cellphone confiscated, according to Press Trust of India.
The case, almost two years after a young woman was fatally gang raped on a bus in the capital, has renewed national anger over sexual violence in India and demands for more effort to ensure women's safety.
Uber loses preliminary suit in Netherlands
The government rushed through legislation last year to double prison terms for rape to 20 years and to criminalize voyeurism, stalking and the trafficking of women. But activists say much more needs to be done, including better educating youths and adding basic infrastructure such as street lights and public bathrooms.
The CEO of San Francisco-based Uber, Travis Kalanick, said the company would do "everything to bring the perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery."
He also sought to deflect some of the blame on to officials, saying the company would work with the government to establish clear background checks that are "currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs."
It was not immediately clear if Uber itself performed any background check, nor was it clear whether Yadav would even have been flagged. Police told Press Trust of India they were working to verify Yadav's claims that he had been acquitted of rape charges in 2011, after spending seven months in jail. PTI did not give any further details or name the police source.
The New Delhi ban is a blow for Uber, which has courted acclamation and controversy around the world with a service based on hailing taxis from a smartphone app. It has faced restrictions in other countries after licensed taxi operators claimed the service was competing unfairly.
The service, which uses private cars rather than licensed cabs, promises a quicker response time that is often less than 10 minutes. Drivers respond using their own Uber-provided smartphones mounted on the dashboard and follow a GPS map to an exact location.
Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh said the government "strongly condemns this dastardly act" and pledged justice in the case.
He said the 26-year-old victim had fallen asleep during the ride home. When she woke up, she found the car parked in a secluded place. The driver then threatened her, raped her and then took her home around 1 a.m. Saturday.
Police arrested the driver Sunday night in his hometown of Mathura, about 160 kilometers (100 miles) from the capital, after he had abandoned the Uber-registered car and fled New Delhi. The car has been brought to Delhi for forensic examination, Singh told parliament.
Dozens of angry protesters rallied outside the home minister's house on Monday morning to demand more action to ensure women's safety. Police detained several people who were part of another anti-violence protest group that burned an effigy of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in front of his political party's headquarters.
Associated Press writers Nirmala George and Chonchui Ngashangva contributed.
12 CONNECT 27 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A8vS5G
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

http://usat.ly/1AU0BoeFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
McDonald's same-store sales get fried
Same-store sales at McDonald's locations in the U.S. fell 4.6% in November, amid a growing demand by younger customers for more choices. Globally, sales fell 2.2%, vs. 1.7% expected by company analysts.
Post to Facebook
McDonald's same-store sales get fried Same-store sales at McDonald's locations in the U.S. fell 4.6% in November, amid a growing demand by younger customers for more choices. Globally, sales fell 2.2%, vs. 1.7% expected by company analysts. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CZhYbX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
McDonald's same-store sales get fried
Bruce Horovitz and John Waggoner, USA TODAY 6:25 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
Video Keywords Asian tour gas prices consumers' minds traffic growth mad cow disease morningstar's Russia Obama
McDonald's reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November- and warned of troubles in the current quarter. Bobbi Rebell reports. Video provided by Reuters Newslook
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  Burger Obama and a medic that you're at McDonald's healing
00:05  their sales numbers last month. They had their biggest stock and
00:08  almost fifteen years that went mad cow disease at consumers shouldn't
00:12  be. Meat supplier issues the Chinese meat supplier was accused of
00:16  selling expired meet that drove down sales. And fourth aspirin plays
00:20  its menu is anything but now that about a twenty items
00:23  on. And worst of all things have been heading out that
00:27  he needs for a couple of years now management is hot
00:30  Asian tour at least at this point as morningstar's RJ how
00:33  to be. Coming at a time a lot of the other
00:35  restaurant chains posted a positive traffic growth seen the benefits of
00:38  lower gas prices. It assures me that that this brand is
00:41  really struggling to resonate with consumers. Whether it be product offerings
00:45  that resonate on the dollar menu whether it be cater to
00:48  more millennial. Higher and audience. To struggle of the people the
00:53  doors right now. McDonald's also warned margins are under pressure in
00:57  the current quarter in part because of the Robert dollar. Adding
01:00  to the pain international drama for example in Russian subs restaurants
01:04  have been checked out possible payback for US sanctions against Russia.
01:09  The game plan for it come back simplified menu about making
01:12  it more customizable. Kind of like rival okay. Management track record
01:17  for execution last couple years in terms of menu innovation marketing
01:21  hasn't been stellar. Had to put it bluntly. I think that's
01:24  the biggest hurdle the company has right now as sex case
01:27  something major like this. You know I'm a big initiatives something
01:29  customization. Yeah that's great I think consumers' minds that you should
01:32  something that can drug trafficking create site with a brand. But
01:35  the company fails attacks Udonis has missteps with the with rolling
01:39  it out to its stores in that can also have the
01:41  opposite effect we turn off people the brand. And that is
01:44  reflected in McDonald's shares the stock has really done nothing this
01:48  year. And was down on Monday's news.
McDonald's Big Mac sandwich
113 CONNECT 114 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
McDonald's (MCD) took another hard one on the chin. Shares tumbled nearly 4% Monday to $92.61 after the fast-food giant posted its biggest domestic same-store sales drop in more than a decade.
Sales at U.S. stores open at least 13 months fell 4.6% in November, the company, greater than the 1.7% slide analysts expected. Globally, sales fell 2.2%, with a 4% drop in the Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa regions. In Europe, the comp-store sales were down 2%, which McDonald's attributed to "very weak" results in Russia and negative results in France and Germany.
The bad news comes after the fast-food giant announced Sunday in an exclusive USA TODAY report that it plans to widely expand its customized burger program in the USA, in which consumers can order a personalized burger from a special kiosk tablet. The program, which had been in four locations in Southern California, will expand to 30 more locations in five states this year and to 2,000 locations nationally next year, the company said.
McDonald's expands custom sandwich option
McDonald's faces a number of near-term headaches as CEO Don Thompson remains under intense pressure to right the ship.  Most critical:  younger customers attracted to the better-for-you, customized kinds of offerings from rivals such as Chipotle and Panera.
"The overall picture is looking like it doesn't need incremental tweaking of the kind offered by the current CEO, but rather something approaching a revamp," said Ken Odeluga, a senior market analyst at City Index.
As the USA experiences a "sea change" in fast-food consumption, McDonald's is lagging, Odeluga said.
Thompson conceded in a Monday statement that McDonald's may be behind that curve, but noted the chain is pushing hard to catch up. "Today's consumers increasingly demand more choice, convenience and value," he said. "We are working ... to better deliver against these evolving expectations."
Analysts expressed serious concern
"While changes are in the works, we cannot identify a near-term catalyst to spur sales," said Lynne Collier, analyst at Sterne Agee.
One such catalyst could be the personalized burger option McDonald's plans to aggressively expand next year. But the custom-made burgers will take longer to make and cost more.  Because they can take five to seven minutes to make, the custom burgers  are not practical in the drive-thru, where many McDonald's do up to 70% of their business.
This year, McDonald's pledged to simplify its menu, removing items that aren't selling well and allowing the company's 21 regions to roll out products more popular in their area.
113 CONNECT 114 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CZhYbX
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Welspun bets big on renewable energy and textile spaceDec 08, 2014, 10.05 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Welspun bets big on renewable energy and textile space
Renewable energy and textiles, these are the two segments the USD 3.5 billion Welspun Group is betting big on. With a planned capex of Rs 15000 crore over the next 3 years, the group is confident it can replicate the success it has seen in its steel pipe business in these two businesses as well, reports CNBC-TV18's Zahra Khan and Kritika Saxena.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Welspun bets big on renewable energy and textile space
Renewable energy and textiles, these are the two segments the USD 3.5 billion Welspun Group is betting big on. With a planned capex of Rs 15000 crore over the next 3 years, the group is confident it can replicate the success it has seen in its steel pipe business in these two businesses as well, reports CNBC-TV18's Zahra Khan and Kritika Saxena.
Post your opinion here
09:00 pm
Renewable energy and textiles, these are the two segments the USD 3.5 billion Welspun Group is betting big on. With a planned capex of Rs 15000 crore over the next 3 years, the group is confident it can replicate the success it has seen in its steel pipe business in these two businesses as well, reports CNBC-TV18's Zahra Khan and Kritika Saxena.
BK Goenka, the chairman of the Welspun Group, is no stranger to challenges. After all, he was the driving force behind the group becoming the world's largest steel pipe company. So his latest ambition - replicating this success with his textile and renewable energy businesses is not that surprising. For the moment, renewable energy is the group's new catch phrase.
BK Goenka Chairman, Welspun Group, said, "Our major focus is renewable power. In next 2-3 years we want to expand to 2000 mw. So our major investment in energy will be renewable and in renewable also we will focus on solar."
"We are looking to invest another Rs10000 crore in solar to reach 2000 mw. We have a plan of Rs 15000 crore of investment in 3-4 years"
That's not to say that its textile business has drawn the short straw. Of the Rs 2500 crore earmarked to expand this business, the group has already invested Rs 800 crore. It now boasts the country's largest spinning facility at Anjar in Gujarat, and is banking on this facility to increase capacity by 25-30 percent. It is also in talks with the state and central governments to link the textile sector to the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGA).
Goenka said, "What we are trying to tell the government is that today the biggest challenge is in textile we require labour. Availability of labour is there but skill is missing. We are trying to tell government that MNRERGA should be used for skill development and it should be a PPP."
The target is to get a bigger piece of India's textile export pie, considering these exports make up 27 percent of India's total foreign exchange. So the Welspun Group has set its eyes on conquering the Japanese and Middle-East textile markets, as it looks to play a role in India by increasing its textile and apparel share in world trade from the current 4.5 percent, to 8 percent, earning USD 80 billion by 2020.
RELATED NEWS

PM Narendra Modi out of race for TIME  Person of the Year  titleDec 09, 2014 at  12:25am IST
PM Narendra Modi out of race for TIME 'Person of the Year' title
142
0
New York: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not made it to the list of eight finalists selected by TIME magazine for its annual 'Person of the Year' title. TIME editors narrowed their list from 50 global leaders and CEOs to eight individuals whose names were announced on Monday.
The finalists for the annual honour are: Alibaba group head Jack Ma, Ebola caregivers, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Apple CEO Tim Cook, Fergusan protesters, singer Taylor Swift, National Football League commissioner Roger Stokoe Goodell and Masoud Barzani - the Kurdish politician who has led the Iraqi-Kurdistan region since 2005.
The TIME's editors will choose the Person of the Year and would announce on December 10.
The TIME's editors will choose the Person of the Year and would announce on December 10.
#narendra modi #time #person of the year #poll
Modi had been the front-runner in an online poll conducted by TIME in which it had asked its readers to vote for who according to them should win the 'Person of the Year' title. TIME is yet to announce the winner of its online readers' poll.
The annual honour, bestowed by the magazine since 1927, goes to the person who "most influenced the news" during the year "for better or worse."
1514

Students be not put to difficulty due to Sanskrit in KVs: SC28
0
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday asked the Centre to clarify the implications of its decision to introduce Sanskrit in place of German as the third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas on students who will appear for the Xth board examination.
Observing that "no student should be put to difficulty" due to introduction of Sanskrit in the mid session, a bench of justices AR Dave and Kurian Joseph asked Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi to take instructions on the issue and brief it on December 16.
The court direction came after advocate Reena Singh, appearing for a group of parents of Kendriya Vidyalaya students, submitted that a student has to complete three-year language course before he is allowed to appear for the board exams.
The Supreme Court on Monday asked the Centre to clarify the implications of its decision to introduce Sanskrit in place of German as the third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas on students who will appear for the Xth board examination.
#sanskrit #german #kendriya vidhlaya
She said that due to change in language in mid-session, the students will not be able to complete the three-year course in Sanskrit and they will be barred for appearing in the Board exam.
"Chaos will prevail when students of class VIII, who have been studying German language for almost two-and-half years, will now have to study Sanskrit as third language. How are they going to complete the course of 3 years? That means they cannot appear in the 10th class CBSE board exam without fulfilling the condition of the CBSE curriculum 2014," she said.
Earlier, the Centre had stuck to its decision on replacing German as the third language with Sanskrit in Kendriya Vidyalayas but conceded that no exam would be conducted for the subject in the current session.
The Centre's decision not to conduct exam for Sanskrit, introduced in the middle of the ongoing session, came after the apex court had expressed concern that students would suffer because of government's decision.
2

Commerce Ministry launches new portal to give exporters info on FTAsCommerce Ministry launches new portal to give exporters info on FTAs
Our Bureau
Trade thrust Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman with Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher and Additional Secretary JS Deepak at the unveiling of the trade portal in New Delhi, on Monday. PTI
Will offer information on trade pacts to exporters, importers in one place
New Delhi, Dec 8:  
To ensure better utilisation of Free Trade Agreements (FTAs), the Commerce Ministry has launched a trade portal providing exporters with information on preferential tariffs and rules of origin in such markets.
The ‘India Trade Portal’ will also have other information of importance to exporters such as technical barriers faced by trade in different markets.
Feedback sought
“Exporters should make best use of the portal, give continuous feedback for further improvement and additional details that they may need,” said Nirmala Sitharaman, Commerce & Industry Minister, inaugurating the portal on Monday.
India has signed a number of FTAs with various countries and regional blocs over the last few years, but exporters have not been able to utilise them well because of lack of knowledge about what the agreements offered. The Indian Trade Portal will make available important data for use of exporters and importers at one place, in a user friendly manner and this will contribute to ease of doing business for trade and industry, an official release said.
The portal has been developed by the Federation of Indian Export Organisations (FIEO) and will also be maintained by it.
Important FTAs signed by India include ones with Japan, South Korea, the 10-member Asean and Sri Lanka.
The country is also negotiating pacts with Australia, New Zealand, the EU and the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) with 16 countries including major Asian economies such as China.
According to FIEO, the portal will also facilitate the Indian industry’s integration into the regional value chain.
“We can look for duty free import of semi-finished goods from such partner countries, converting them into value added finished products with skills and wage advantage at home, for exports to any partner country with duty free benefit on imports therein,” FIEO said in its release.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Vanguard aims fire at financial advisors© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c353e40a-7c97-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pithapuram mourns Sangeeta Kalanidhi NedunuriUpdated: December 8, 2014 22:41 IST
Pithapuram mourns ‘Sangeeta Kalanidhi’ Nedunuri
K. N. Murali Sankar
THE HINDU
Nedunuri Krishnamurthy
The news about the death of ‘Sangeeta Kalanidhi’ Nedunuri Krishnamurthy on Monday came a shock to people of Pithapuram, the small town adjacent to Kakinada in East Godavari district, where the renowned musician spent his childhood and attracted towards classical music.
Being the fourth son of a traditional Brahmin family, Krishnamurthy was the first classical singer in the family and drew inspiration from his mother Vijayalakshmi in the childhood and learnt the basics in singing devotional songs from her.
“My father Apparao Bhagavathar was the first guru in classical music for Krishnamurthy. He taught ‘Varnams’ and ‘Krithis’ to young Krishnamurthy, who later joined the Maharajah’s College for Music in Vizianagaram and reached the pinnacle in classical music,” recalled Badam Madhava Rao, founder of Abhyudaya Foundation, that accorded a grand felicitation to Krishnamurthy in Pithapuram in 2000.
“Krishnamurthy’s music practice used to begin at 3 a.m. and continue for about five hours every morning. Music lovers of our street used to wake up to his ‘ragas’ and make a good beginning of their day,” recalled Akondi Madhusudana Rao, secretary of Sri Sangameswara Sangeeta Samakhya in Pithapuram. “He was the admirer of goddess Rajarajeswari in the local Kukkuteswara Swamy’s temple. He made his last visit to the temple on November 2 in a wheelchair with the help of two assistants. He handed over a donation of Rs. 1 lakh to the temple and sang a few ‘kritis’ for the goddess,” Mr. Madhusudan said.
“Krishnamurthy continued to be in touch with Pithapuram till his last days. Though he had not owned any properties here, he had a special place for this town,” said G. Srikrishnadevaraya Venkatarao, flutist from Pithapuram. Born in Mulapeta, a village on the seacoast near Kakinada, Krishnamurthy spent the first 13 years of his life in Pithapuram, where his farther Ramamurthy Panthulu was employed in the Pithapuram Maharajah’s estate.
“His services to the TTD’s Annamacharya Project were commendable. Singers like M.S. Subbulakshmi used to practise Annamacharya Keerthanas in his presence before giving the LP records,” recalled R.S.R. Anjaneyulu, a close relative of Krishnamurthy.

Give BJP a chance  Modi appeals to strife-torn J-KComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday requested voters in the Muslim-majority Kashmir Valley to give the BJP a chance and drew on the army indicting nine soldiers for the Budgam shooting to illustrate his intentions to create peace and development in the strife-torn state.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses an election campaign rally at Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar. (PTI photo)
He gave credit to his government for the indictment of soldiers involved in the death of a youth after they fired at a car during a routine check in Budgam on November 3.
The PM said at his maiden poll rally in Srinagar “it was Modi sarkar ka kamaal (his government’s feat)” that the army had accepted its mistake for the first time in 30 years.
J-K, J'khand assembly polls third round voting today
Modi invoked Atal Bihari Vajpayee to share the pain of Kashmiris but avoided any mention of niggling topics such as removal of Article 370 that guarantees the state a unique status, nor did he launch a tirade against Pakistan even in the backdrop of militants stepping up violence that killed 20 people on Friday.
He told a sizeable audience at Sher-i-Kashmir cricket stadium, where Vajpayee had addressed thousands of Kashmiris in 2003, to throw out dynastic politics from the state.
“What have you seen in Kashmir over the past 30 years? Either it was a Congress government or a father-son (National Conference) government or a father-daughter (Peoples Democratic Party) government. You have seen all three types of government. Get rid of all three of them for once and give me one chance to serve you,” said the PM clad in a traditional Kashmiri pheran (cloak).
At his second rally of the day in Samba, after his first stop in Jammu, Modi applauded the people for the high voter turnout in the first two poll phases despite separatists calling a boycott to the democratic process. “The finger on an EVM is more powerful than the one on the trigger of an AK-47.”
He said the time has come to make a misled youth wielding an AK-47 rifle yearn for an android phone rather than a gun in his hand.
In Jammu, wearing a Dogri headgear he touched a raw nerve when he laced his speech with Hindu-majority region’s pet peeve that Srinagar seldom cares for it.
The feeling of discrimination with the Jammu region has strong takers in 19 of 23 seats going to polls in the last two phases. The BJP’s attempt to wrest power in the state hinges on these seats.
But the Srinagar rally was his showpiece as he pledged to carry forward Vajpayee’s dream for Jammu and Kashmir but chose not to go into detail about his stand on dialogue with separatists and Pakistan that the former PM had initiated.
He said the biggest problem the state is saddled with is corruption because the Rs. 2500 crore released for relief and rehabilitation after this year’s devastating floods in Srinagar and other parts of the state didn’t reach those who needed it the most. “People told me to transfer funds directly to their accounts and not through the state government.
It shows how much faith people have in their government,” he said, taking potshot at chief minister Omar Abdullah’s National Conference (NC) government.
Rivals unimpressed
The Congress termed Modi's rally unimpressive, while the People's Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling NC accused the Prime Minister of playing politics with flood victims.
"The BJP government in New Delhi has discriminated against the flood victims in Kashmir for political reasons and has made them suffer so that they could be exploited for political dividends," chief minister Abdullah alleged in his speech during poll rallies in south Kashmir's Anantnag district.
"Till today, New Delhi has not taken a call on the relief and rehabilitation package submitted by the state government."
Referring to the Prime Minister's relief package, PDP patron Mufti Muhammad Sayeed said, "By harping on the meagre Rs. 1,000-crore package, we are only compromising the dignity of the people of Jammu and Kashmir who are not seeking any doles but want to be treated at par with the citizens of any other part of the country."
J-K Pradesh Congress Committee chief Saifuddin Soz said, "After a great fanfare, Modi's rally turned out to be highly unimpressive, with reports of 2,500 people turning up."
(With inputs from Vikram Sharma in Samba)

Sony s long road back from hack attacksony s long road back from hack attack
When we talk about how Southern whites have moved right  this is what we meanBy Philip Bump December 8 Follow @pbump
Every post-mortem of the Louisiana Senate (not-much-of-a) race includes, as a footnote or as a focal point, the way in which Southern white voters have moved away from the Democratic party. In 2008, Sen. Mary Landrieu (D)  won 33 percent of the white vote. In November 2014, she got 18 percent . Part of this is a function of Landrieu. Part of it is a function of a changing electorate.
We pulled exit poll data for races from 1976 to 2014. Not every election is included here, but the trend is still obvious. Southern white voters have moved consistently to the right. (The data below shows the net margin of support for Democratic or Republican candidates from each racial group by region, relative to the overall margin of support in national House races. So a point on the left of the center line shows a demographic group that voted more Democratic than the nation on the whole.)
Update: The sample size for Western non-whites in 1980 was very small, so we've removed it. We've also adjusted the data for Northern groups for that year.
There's a lot of messiness at the top of this chart, but for the past two decades, it's been pretty consistent. Northeastern whites are the most Democratic, surprising no one. But the shift rightward by Southern whites -- predating the presidency of Barack Obama by a long time -- is significant. (Notice, too, that Southern non-whites are a bit more conservative than non-whites in any other part of the country.)
In fact, if you look only at the net change between 1976 and 2014 in how each group has gotten more or less Republican relative to the nation on the whole, the movement is stark.
This is not the only reason Mary Landrieu lost, but it's a big part of it. And it's a big part of why the South on the whole has gotten more Republican. For Democrats, the predicted demographic shift that has been prophesied for a while now can't come fast enough.
Some readers asked how the regions were differentiated. Here's a map showing how they're split.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

Gold falls on subdued offtake; silver recoversGold falls on subdued offtake; silver recovers
Turning around HCL Tech s  single-engine  planeTurning around HCL Tech s  single-engine  plane
OBC cuts rates on select term deposits by 0.10 per centOBC cuts rates on select term deposits by 0.10 per cent
Sale season: Many more to follow Infosys promoters  footstepsSale season: Many more to follow Infosys promoters  footsteps
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley to talk on growth  reforms on 2-day economic conclaveFinance Minister Arun Jaitley to talk on growth  reforms on 2-day economic conclave
Wockpharma looks bit overbought as per technical indicator william r  ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

December  2014 dear shareholders as india battles the decr...December, 2014
Dear Shareholders
As India battles the decreasing value of the rupee and a foreign exchange deficit of more than $
460 billion, it is sitting on an enormous untapped storehouse of riches in the ground in the form of
gold, silver, copper, nickel, platinum rare earths, diamonds and many other minerals that could add
as much as $ 250 billion to the nation’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and create 13 to 15 million
jobs in rural India by 2025. All of these commodities are currently imported.
This drain on foreign exchange reserves due to gold imports could be greatly reduced by tapping
the large number of gold resources known to exist through the country, but not much has been done
to speed the process of grant of mineral concessions and fast-track mine development in the past.
The new Indian Government that assumed office in May, 2014 has sought to amend the MMDR
Act, 1957 and has placed the proposed amendments for public comments on 16 November, 2014.
The Amendment Bill is designed to put in place mechanisms for inter-alia improved transparency
in the allocation of mineral resources; attracting private investment and the latest technology; and
eliminating delay in administration so as to enable expeditious and optimum development of the
mineral resources of the country. Further, the T S R Subramaniam Committee constituted about 3
months ago by the Union Government to review the laws related to environment and forest protection
has recommended some big-ticket changes to the rules and legislation. These include a complete
overhaul of certain laws, special fast-track dispensation for power, mining and linear projects, selfcertification
of compliance by industry and diluting the powers of the National Green Tribunal.
The mining and mineral exploration industry keenly awaits the legislative and regulatory initiatives
from the Government to promote private and foreign investment and introduction of internationally
compatible mining policies.
The Ganajur–Karajgi Prospecting Licence (PL) block, which hosts the Ganajur Main Gold deposit
of Deccan Exploration Services Private Limited (“DESPL”) which is a 100% subsidiary of Deccan
Gold Mines Limited (“DGML”) has continued as the flag ship project. During the first three years of
exploration in the PL Block, substantial progress was achieved in the Ganajur Main and its adjoining
satellite prospects. DESPL considered that by carrying out further exploration in the PL block, there
is a strong possibility of converting some of these prospects into economic mineable resources in
the future. DESPL continued its exploration for two more years under the deemed extension as
per Rule 11(2b) of Mineral Concession Rules, 1960 to achieve these objectives. The application of
sophisticated Geophysical Surveys has resulted in new discoveries of some significant geophysical
anomalies pointing to the depth-ward and lengthwise extensions of the mineralized gold bearing
zones within the PL block. To confirm these possibilities, DESPL had during the last year drill
tested the highly prospective Ganajur SE and Karajgi Main prospect. The drilling has resulted in
finding new resources with potential to find more as the extensions of the mineralised zones are
open along the strike and depth. This confirms our belief that the entire PL block is very prospective
in terms of gold mineralization.
DECCAN GOLD MINES LIMITED
107
ANNUAL REPORT 2014
The new targets require more drilling to define additional resources in the PL Block and thereby
significantly increase the life of the project. The geology of the PL block is comparable to similar
gold bearing geological settings elsewhere in the world and we strongly believe that achieving a
one million ozs resource is a distinct possibility.
On the Hutti front, Hutti Gold Mines Limited has filed its Statement of Objections to DESPL’s Special
Leave Petition (SLP) with the Hon’ble Supreme Court. We are shortly filing our Rejoinder to the
same in consultation with our legal counsel. In the meanwhile, we have also received copies of the
SLP and other documents filed by Ministry of Mines, New Delhi (MoM) before the Hon’ble Supreme
Court on the same issue. MoM’s SLP is supportive of our stand. Both these SLPs have been
clubbed together for hearing and we are positive that the outcome will restore our rights over the
Hutti belt prospects.
On a personal note, I would like to formally acknowledge the support of our shareholders and staff
who have stood with us in this journey. I have ultimate faith in the future of the Company and rest
assured that all of us are working towards achieving our common goal

The Holiday Shopping Danger You Won t See ComingIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Putting Calorie Counts On Fast Food Menus Won t Make People Eat Less  Experts SayPutting Calorie Counts On Fast Food Menus Won't Make People Eat Less, Experts Say
Posted:
reddit
Americans will soon know just how many calories are in that fast food burger they're about to buy. But that won't necessarily make them think twice about buying it.
The Food and Drug Administration last week announced new rules requiring fast food chains, vending machine companies and other restaurants with more than 20 locations to list the number of calories in each of their menu items. The regulations, which came out of a provision of Obamacare, aim to help diners make “informed choices for themselves and their families,”  FDA Commissioner Margaret A. Hamburg wrote in a press release.
But extra information may not translate into healthier choices, experts say. With a few exceptions , “the overwhelming majority of the research” finds that diners don’t eat less when restaurants post the number of calories in their meals, according to David Just, a Cornell professor who has researched how portion labeling influences food choice .
People who make dining decisions based on calorie counts already have a pretty good sense of how many calories are in a Big Mac or burrito, Just noted. And most diners who head to a restaurant chain go for a specific item and rarely look at the menu anyway, said Maeve Webster, a senior director at DataSsential, a company that studies food trends. If customers don't look at the menu, they won't see how many calories are in that serving of french fries.
"It will be a very rare case where a restaurant will full-on lose customers by putting calorie counts up there,” Webster said.
This July 18, 2008, file photo shows a McDonald's drive-thru menu in New York, printed with calorie counts for each food item.
Probably the biggest reason why adding calorie counts doesn't typically change diners' behavior is that many people “have virtually no understanding” of how many calories they should be eating or even what constitutes a healthy meal, Webster said. For some, calorie counts are just “white noise” on an already crowded menu , she said.
In some cases, listing the calories on the menu may even trick diners into thinking that unhealthy items are normal, Webster said. For example, if people see a 2,000-calorie burger at a variety of different restaurants, they could begin to think that a burger should have 2,000 calories. For some perspective, an average quarter-pound cheeseburger with ketchup on a bun has about 400 calories, according to FitDay , an online dietary and weight loss journal.
The FDA rules do offer some help for diners trying to make sense of calorie counts, by requiring that eateries post a statement that says: “2,000 calories a day is used for general nutrition advice, but calorie needs vary.”
Posting calorie counts may even push some people to eat more food rather than less, Webster suggested. Some people might think that higher calorie counts mean they're getting more for their money, just as they do with bigger portion sizes.
A 2012 study on the impacts of New York City’s 2008 requirement to post calorie counts found that McDonald’s customers slightly increased their calorie intake after the rules took effect.
It’s also not uncommon for restaurants to add a super-high-calorie item to the menu to make a slightly less-heavy meal look healthier to customers, Just said. He added that he wouldn’t be surprised to see restaurants try this tactic as the calorie count rules go into place.
Some research does show that restaurants make their dishes healthier in response to requirements to post calories. And most of the research on the impacts of calorie counts has focused on short-term results and fast food chains, according to Brian Elbel, a professor at NYU's Wagner School of Public Service who studies how people make decisions that influence their health. We still don't really know much about what the long-term effects of the policy might be, or how the rules might affect fancier establishments, he said.
Elbel’s own research on the topic has found that fast food diners take note of calorie information when restaurants post it, but don't change the number of calories they eat or the number of times they visit the restaurants.
But research focused on fast food may not be a reliable predictor of how calorie counts affect behavior in other contexts, Elbel said. That’s because people typically don’t head to fast food restaurants with the intention of ordering something healthy. They're looking for something that’s cheap and quick.
Health may be more of a priority when ordering at sit-down chains, which are included in the FDA’s rules , Elbel said. There, seeing the calorie difference between a steak and fish dish could influence a diner’s order, especially given that meals at sit-down chains probably have more calories than most diners think.
“They might have a lot more sticker shock from these places,” Elbel said.
More:

Giant white truffle fetches more than $61 000 at auctionGiant white truffle fetches more than $61,000 at auction
White truffle
Timothy A. Clary / AFP/Getty Images
The largest white truffle in the world is on display at Sotheby's New York on December 5, 2014.
The largest white truffle in the world is on display at Sotheby's New York on December 5, 2014. (Timothy A. Clary / AFP/Getty Images)
By Tribune wire reports
White truffle, said to be largest in the world, sells for $61,250 at auction
A white truffle from Italy, said to be the largest in the world, sold for $61,250 at an auction in New York on Saturday, Sotheby's said.
The truffle, which weighs 4.16 lbs, was purchased by a buyer from Taiwan who bid by telephone, the auction house said.
The massive fungus was discovered in Italy last week by Sabatino Truffles, one of the largest suppliers. It is stored in an airtight box, Sotheby's said.

Bob Dylan Got It RightBob Dylan got it right in Let's keep it Between Us:
"All we need is honesty, a little humility, and trust"
Whether dealing with our families, our employees or with our customers, the story is the same - our character defines us - it defines us in our personal lives and in our lives at work. It is who we are.
Leadership traits like honesty, humility and trust - they are validated by our behavior. Speaking about them does nothing. Our actions are the only thing that count.
Honesty is about transparency. Be clear in your expectations of your employees, your team. Give constant feedback. Be transparent with your customers, both external and internal, on progress, risks. No surprises. Alert your team members and your superiors of issues as they are emerging so that serious situations are avoided, anticipated and managed.
A good leader is willing to expose their weaknesses and failures, is willing to address them quickly; they are certainly not only willing, but see necessity in engaging their team and stakeholders in assuring a needed fix or a path to success.
A good leader gives honest feedback and sets expectations in a fair, timely and transparent way.
A leader with humility, is a leader with empathy. Our ability to put ourselves in the shoes of others, to value their perspective, cultures and priorities, starts with being humble about ourselves. Leaders with humility understand that their team makes them successful; they understand that their job is to make their people more successful than themselves; that true recognition comes when you see your team celebrated for their achievements. Customers value humility. In it they recognize experience, the scars of battle, and as such don't worry about you over promising.
Trust your people to do the work you have hired them to do. Guide them, lead them, but take risks with them and let them run. Ken Blanchard's Situational Leadership training teaches that an individual needs to be managed differently for different tasks, based on their skill and expertise for that task. What this means is that as managers, we don't dial up or down the trust-level to the task; instead we dial up and down the management oversight and feedback opportunities with our employees. But it starts with trust.
Bob Dylan, troubadour, got it right!
Follow Hans Hickler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ellipsisadvisor
More:

Speed to Market is Essential for Success in the Digital AgeThere's an old Gypsy saying heard around the campfire: "speed can be a friend or your enemy."
This is so applicable to small to mid sized companies today.
Rapid change and global markets are defining how business grow and compete.
Competitive Analysis is Critical in the High Speed Digital Age
It's truly a spy vs. spy world and don't think it isn't.
Don't take your competitors for granted. They may be bigger, smarter and much more sophisticated than you think.
If your biggest competitor(s) are big don't assume they are "dumb" - their internal bureaucracy may be slowing them down.
Paranoia can be a good thing (see Andy Grove). Use it to keep you focused on what's going on around you.
The old saw about not belittling your competitors is still germane in today's blurred lines world. Don't fall into this trap.
Global markets are volatile and what you don't see on the radar screen can kill you faster than what you do see.
Four Great Services for Competitive Intelligence Monitoring
Rival IQ : Good Competitive Insights  Monitoring with plans from $99. to $399.
BuzzSumo : shows you the most shared links and key influencers for any topic or website.
SpyFu : stellar service for doing a deep dive into when, where and how direct competitors are advertising.
MailCharts - the only and best way to monitor what your direct competitiors are doing with email marketing.
SiteAlerts provides basic web site, keyword and social media monitoring; cost effective plans with under $100. USD per month.
Finding, motivating and retaining great people is a challenge for many of you.
Most of you are operating cost-driven lean business models.
Outsourcing, virtual assistants and/or using freelancers are growth drivers for small business. But, non disclosure agreements give you little protection with most freelancers or smaller agencies.
So, pick and choose carefully and know offshore is not always a good idea.
Noise is Everywhere in today's Digital Din Driven World
Brand (what makes you special) and positioning or the lack thereof, can make or break your business.
Grasp "intersection marketing" to build a digital brand: where do your targeted consumers make buying decisions and how do you reach them?
All content has to be published with a rinse and repeat cycle. Envision a crowded intersection in rush hour. Getting heard is tough but doable.
Social media has a high cost for every business: it can be distracting for your staff and exec management team.
Remember one bad customer review on Yelp (or anywhere) can and does drive negative perception of your brand. Use social listening monitoring tools and address any all issues as soon as they percolate up to the surface.
Why Crowd-funding is in vogue Especially for Raw Startups
On Kickstarter only 11% of projects finished having never received a single pledge, 79% of projects that raised more than 20% of their goal were successfully funded.
But, don't believe the hype in the marketplace about how easy it is to micro finance your company on Kickstarter or Indiegogo. It's not. If you get traction, it's a good way to test pre-sales of any produc; but, getting scale on these platforms requires savvy marketing like any other social community.
Expect to spend 20-40 hours setting up a campaign. Be aware, customer support can be challenging and the platforms don't work as advertised. If your brand/business has no social profiles in place it's going to be much more challenging, requiring paid ads and PR.
Think of rewards based crowdfunding platforms like Kickstarter as the wild wild west, with no regulatory issues overshadowing capital raises/revenue generation.
Great Content Not Heard is Content Not Written
Make sure Your Business Makes the Distinction Between Publishing and Syndicating Content
So much is written about how to write great content, self included. Yes, if your content is funky it's not going to get traction. But, if it's never seen, you're losing the battle.
Syndicate and publish your content aggressively - 20-30% of your time and marketing budget should be spent on syndication and publishing activities and channels.
Once it's been uploaded to your own site and indexed (attributed to your brand) by Google then syndicate the hell out of it, with rinse and repeat cycles.
HootSuite: Very popular content syndication platform & supports Twitter, Facebook, G+, LinkedIn and even WordPress; good for scheduling but can be a bit challenging for Team Collaboration, incorporates good baseline functional analytics; but, for Facebook "can't access Liked pages" requiring toggling.
Sprout Social: Only supports 2-3 Channels, on-board analytics are good; bit pricey for the functionality.
IFTTT :  Not pure play syndication platform; uses "channel" building blocks to create "triggers" and "actions" - think of this as a cool "DIY" platform for building custom ways to move content around.
Zapier : Same functionality as IFTTT: User Interface is a bit more polished than IFTTT and supports 30-40% more web apps; no onboard "recipes" and expect to pay15-30. per month for achieve real productivity.
Buffer : Supports all top tier social channels (Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn), great for scheduling updates; has over 50 apps integrated with the platform that drive competitive advantage; great TOS, pricing is reasonable and c/service is excellent; have now integrated Google Analytics with platform.
Outbrain : Brands can syndicate content (sponsorships) across other top tier sites as "sponsored" or "suggested" - solid platform for publishers and bigger brands. Paid content syndication. Taboola is a direct competitor with similar terms of services.
Content Blvd : supports submission of sponsored or guest posts to blogs and third party sites your brand approves of; utilizes their own dashboard for managing content publishing.
Gravity : Promote your content to targeted audience demographics (has built in API for publishers) across several hundred thousand sites, has nifty "Chrome" browser plugin for consumers to personalize content.
OneSpot : Owned or "earned" content is converted to optimized "spots" (think very targeted ads) on third party sites and social networks. Hybrid  publishing/content syndication platform.
ShareThis : Create account via web site (free and paid up-sell) for brand analytics tracking; the absolute best way to share "one off" content via a browser (plug in), with built in "automation" for LinkedIn Groups, which is cool.
Putting Speed to Work for  Your Business
Your infrastructure (domain name setup, hosting, server, email, marketing platforms, forms, apps) are critical assets and drive competitive advantage.
Organize your Content Marketing and Team with an Editorial Calendar (download and go link).
Go through a formal Customer Review Persona Analysis and turn this into a poster and put it in major room in your office.
Use Visual Content to Reach Clutter Connected Consumers
Most small businesses have insufficient raw data to make good marketing decisions.
A/B testing, landing pages and analytics are all part of the equation. But, it takes transaction volumes to make really informed decisions.
Be prepared to make "on the fly" decisions about marketing strategy and tactics.
Have some idea of what your direct competitors are doing: site, social accounts, content strategy, media spend. Then, adjust your marketing tactics accordingly.
Know the difference between publishing your content (other sites, newsletters, mentions, etc.) vs. syndicating content (using marketing platforms or paid syndication).
Make sure you tactically execute and don't forget to do a dive into where your direct competitors are advertising and publishing.
Create smart persuasive content for connected consumers: use high impact images, build in facts, links and data and integrate calls to action.
Know distraction rules and smart small businesses have to target their marketing as never before to get heard.
Googlize your marketing when/where you can: you are never confused on Google's site, for good reason.
Invest 75% of your marketing expenditures with digital assets where you have "command and control."
Grasp Renting vs. Owning in a Marketing Context
Your renting on social media platforms. But, you own your web site and content (intellectual property). Budget marketing expenditures accordingly.
Follow Lee Traupel  on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LinkedMedia
More:

States Must Have Greater Role in New Plan Body: PM ModiChina December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
New Delhi: A meeting called by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss the future of the Planning Commission on Sunday saw most chief ministers favouring restructuring of the body but there was no consensus on disbanding the existing setup.
PM Modi, who has announced in his Independent Day speech that the Planning Commission would be replaced by a new body in sync with the contemporary economic world, invoked former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who had said on April 30 this year that the current structure has "no futuristic vision in the post-reform period".
Mr Modi pushed for an effective structure which strengthens "co-operative federalism" and the concept of 'Team India'.
Indications from the day-long meeting suggested that the government is looking at a structure which will have the Prime Minister, some Cabinet ministers and some chief ministers along with technocrats and experts in various fields.
The chief ministers could be included in the body on rotation basis and the states could be given liberty to spend funds according to their needs.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, while briefing the media on the deliberations of the meeting, said no time-line has been fixed, saying the Centre will take a "considered view after consultations are over".
However, there were indications that the shape of the new structure could be firmed by January 26 next year.
Chief ministers of West Bengal and Mizoram besides poll-bound Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand did not attend the meeting where the Prime Minister sought to give greater role for the states in the new body.
At the meeting, Congress-ruled states supported the idea of revamping the Planning Commission set up by Jawaharlal Nehru in 1950 but disfavoured its scrapping as they felt it can be "evolved".
The Prime Minister said the question of role, relevance and restructuring of the Planning Commission had been repeatedly questioned for more than two decades.
Underlining that it was impossible for the nation to develop unless states develop, he told the meeting that the process of policy planning needs to change from "top to bottom" to "bottom to top".
The states should have a key role in the new body, Mr Modi said, adding that "states sometimes feel there is no platform to express their views...there should be an effective mechanism to address inter-state disputes".
"Can we develop a new mechanism that plans according to India's strengths, empowers states, and brings on board all economic activity, including that which happens outside the Government," he asked while setting the tone for the meeting.
Pushing for "co-operative federalism", he said the current global scenario offered a chance for India to take a big leap forward. This, he added, was possible by formulating a suitable replacement to the Commission with a view to suitably harnessing the strengths of the country.
Mr Jaitley said more states were in favour of a system that strengthens their ability to deliver and they want a lot more flexibility rather than a control and command structure.
Planning Commission Secretary Sindhushree made a presentation at the meeting, raising certain questions which the chief ministers were asked to respond.
These were: what should be code and method of interaction in this forum? What should be strategic task and mechanism for this platform? Should the 5-year-plan cycle continue? Should annual plan discussion continue in the present format between the Centre and the states? How should the proposed innovation and knowledge firm work for states? What are the expectations on the role and function of the think-tank? How should the fund flow for the Centre plan assistance to state be restructured?
"The think-tank role of the new institution was a very important agenda item and I think most people were in favour of that because it is more encompassing as it not only covers states methodology of expenditure but also gives direction or indicates at least a direction in which the private sector can also have a role," Mr Jaitley said.
Story first published on: December 07, 2014 16:31 (IST)

Capitals reassign rookie Liam OBrien to HersheyBy Alex Prewitt December 7 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Photo by Katherine Frey/The Washington Post)
The rookie forward, whose rapid ascension turned him into one of the NHL’s biggest surprises and best stories this season , had played just once  since Nov. 11, buried among the Capitals’ healthy forward corps, so Trotz wanted O’Brien to develop rather than sit.
“He’s a 20-year-old,” Trotz said Friday. “He’s not even the same player he was at development camp. He’s so much better, he’s so much more prepared, he’s very mature. I think he’s going to have a pretty good career. I need him to play. I said, ‘It’s no fun just practicing. You need to play and be a part of that.’ I said, ‘I’m very conscious of you being a long-term Capital player with the right DNA to have success.’ We’ll just play it one day at a time with him. His head is in a good place.”
The Capitals invited O’Brien this preseason on an undrafted amateur tryout, having noticed him while he played for the Rouyn-Noranda Huskies in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. O’Brien had twice attended rookie camp for the Pittsburgh Penguins but never lasted. Now, he impressed Washington enough to outlast every round of cuts, make the opening-day roster and sign a three-year, entry-level contract.
In 13 games, O’Brien registered two points, including his first career goal on Oct. 26 in Vancouver. Serving exclusively as a fourth-line right winger, he also fought three times, all at Verizon Center.
“It’s all about attitude,” O’Brien said Saturday. “I try to come to the rink every day with a positive attitude, try to stay positive with all the guys, stay positive with myself. Try to keep getting better every day. I’m playing with some of the best players in the world. I get the opportunity to skate with these guys, try to improve my game and look up to these guys. For me, it’s a lot about the experience and just making the best of it and just trying to get myself to an NHL level.”
According to the Bears, O’Brien will wear No. 20. He will appear in the lineup Sunday night, when they return home for their third game in as many days. If the Capitals need him, O’Brien’s contract makes him exempt from waivers, free for promotion and demotion as they deem necessary.
“You still have that anxiety,” O’Brien said. “You want to play. Everybody wants to play. It’s tough when you’re not playing. But you get the opportunity to skate with some of the best players in the world and get to improve my game every day. I’m grateful for that and grateful for everything that’s happened. I just have to keep moving forward and try to develop myself.”
O’Brien’s reassignment, made more imminent as forward Brooks Laich returned from a shoulder injury and Trotz sought to add more offensive firepower to his fourth line, gives the Capitals 21 players on their active roster. Defenseman Mike Green, still recovering from an upper-body issue, is expected to be activated from injured reserve soon, which would give Washington 13 healthy forwards and seven healthy blue-liners.
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Gideon Rachman: In the lobbyFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Golf Courses Empty; Bureaucrats Have Started Working: Nadir GodrejChina December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
Panaji: Godrej Industries Ltd's Managing Director Nadir Godrej said on Sunday that bureaucrats in Delhi have begun working under the Modi government, which would improve India's economic growth.
"Compared to the slowdown last year, one positive thing is that bureaucrats are working much harder in Delhi. There are nine o'clock in morning meetings which they never did before. Golf courses in Delhi are all empty now. These factors definitely impact the growth trajectory," Mr Godrej told PTI on the sidelines of a conference.
Mr Godrej also said the Modi government has projected itself to be business friendly which the previous government never did.
"Whether a government is business friendly or not is a different issue, but even saying that it is business friendly itself has a huge impact. Confidence levels have risen. The stock market rose very fast. People felt wealthier and they started spending money. So the economy grew faster," he commented.
The industrialist said that there are also other external factors which are contributing to the nation's growth story.
Mr Godrej said the government had promised several things, of which many things have not happened, but even if only a few things happen, economic growth would be very good.
"Some of the external factors which have nothing to do with the government are very positive. Budget deficit is falling. Current account deficit is improving. GDP growth is also good. In fact, experts at CII meetings say that the only problem now is bad debts of the government which seems to be slowing down infrastructure development," he said.
"Other than this, everything seems to be working well for India right now. The earlier government ran welfare schemes for the poor but the new government is trying to create job opportunities which make government people friendly," he added.
Story first published on: December 08, 2014 10:58 (IST)

How Russian Website Is Spying on Thousands of Private MomentsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Guidance issued on bonus day off for federal workersBy Eric Yoder December 8
President Obama and the first family stands, right, after lighting the 2014 National Christmas Tree during the National Christmas Tree lighting ceremony at the Ellipse near the White House in Washington, Thursday, Dec. 4, 2014. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
Most federal employees who will get a bonus day off on Dec. 26 due to an order from President Obama will be paid as if they had worked a normal schedule that day, and those who had already scheduled annual leave for that day won’t have to burn a vacation day.
Those pay and leave considerations are among issues addressed in an Office of Personnel Management  memo posted on Monday saying that in general, standard policies applying to holidays will be used.
“Most employees who are excused from duty on December 26th will receive the basic pay they would have received if no Executive order had been issued.  An employee who was previously scheduled to take annual leave on December 26th will not be charged annual leave (or any other form of paid leave, compensatory time off, or credit hours),” it says.
However, there are separate policies for employees on unusual work schedules, such as firefighters. Also, employees who had scheduled annual leave for that day and are in a “use or lose” situation because of limits on how much they can carry from one year to the next would have to take the time off before the current leave year ends — Jan. 10, for most.
President Obama, first lady Michelle Obama and their daughters joined singer Patti LaBelle, actor Tom Hanks and others on stage at the annual National Christmas Tree Lighting ceremony. (Associated Press)
The memo also notes that agencies may keep on the job employees “who, in the judgment of the head of the agency, cannot be excused for reasons of national security, defense, or other essential public need.”
An employee required to work on Dec. 26 will be entitled to holiday premium pay , a pay bonus equal to the regular rate of pay, with special rules applying to overtime worked on that day.
The memo also addresses numerous other special situations, including employees who were not scheduled to work that day, employees on compressed work schedules, and other issues.
The policies reflect similar memos issued when other presidents have created four-day weekends when Dec. 24 falls on a Monday or Dec. 26 falls on a Friday.
 

The GOP needs an inclusive conservativeIn a compelling interview on ABC News’s “This Week,” John Kasich demonstrated what  inclusive and empathetic leaders sound like. He emphasized:
Ohio Gov. John Kasich. (Gary Landers/Associated Press)
[W]hat it gets down to is when there is a significant percentage of your country that believes that the system’s not working for them, but can be working against them, they need to be listened to, and they need to respond — to be responded to. George, when you think about it in our country today, there’s too much division, too much polarization, black, white, rich, poor, Democrat, Republican. America does best when we’re united. Ohio does best when we’re united as a family. . . .
What I said right off the bat, everybody has to have a sense that they can get a job. Everyone has to have a sense that their life can be better. When I look at economic development, whether it’s tax cuts or deregulation or whatever, economic growth is not an end to itself. Economic growth is terrific, but it should lead to helping people who live in the shadows. That’s exactly what we have done in Ohio. We help the drug addicted, we help the mentally ill, we help the working poor. We’re reforming welfare so that people don’t get help without some personal responsibility and the ability to move beyond their condition to prosperity. To me it’s just that simple. One other thing I would say. We will never be great in America when we tear down the success to build somebody else up. That’s not my thoughts, that’s Abraham Lincoln.
Kasich does not accuse the police of bigotry, nor dismiss the concerns of minority communities whose relationship with the police has been strained and broken by recent events. Instead, he talks about what he can do to make sure everyone’s concern is heard and to emphasize America works when everyone feels like he or she has a chance for success.
He does not sound like many on the right who insist on drawing sharp lines, or whose concern for the poor and minority voters appears entirely opportunistic and selective (yes on drug reform, silence on an opportunity agenda; ignore them until you decide on a White House run). He surely doesn’t sound like the media and politicians on the left who talk directly to and solely on behalf of aggrieved communities, as if the problem is the rest of the country. In showing solidarity with the one segment of America, the knee jerk reaction is to condemn the rest of the country and the “system.”
These are the dividers, the people with sharp elbows and blinding political ambition. It is not strictly ideological: Right-wing talk show hosts, MSNBC talking heads, tea party politicians, Al Sharpton, Mayor Bill DeBlasio, and Attorney General Eric Holder all play the game, a dangerous and cynical one in which they “win” (votes, readers, viewers, attention) while the country goes up in flames, the government is torn asunder over excessive posturing and outside groups make money off of strife. They suffer from an over-abundance of ambition and a near total lack of empathy. Their world is narrow and self-serving.
Then there are those who eschew the us vs. them game. They may be more conservative or less, more emotive or more emotionally distant but they don’t go on an outreach expedition as if minority, young or poor voters are curiosities. In Texas, Gov. Rick Perry is intimately familiar with the Hispanic community because they are his  fellow Texans, just like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie knows Newark and Camden because they are his fellow New Jerseyans. Likewise, Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) spends months and months in African American churches, among anti-poverty groups and other marginalized Americans because they are his fellow Americans.
If a politician goes in search of these voters in a deliberate and premeditated effort to boost his own standing, it is jarring and comes across as insincere . Talking at these voters is always a mistake. And suspecting you can gain their favor by dangling one or two issues before their eyes betrays a complete lack of understanding as to what motivates voters.  This  – not to mention his penchant for premature accusation and currying favor with one of the most shameless self-promoters around – has been Sen. Rand Paul’s great failing. (Ironically, he is in this department very similar to President Obama.)
Inclusion and concern for the poor and minorities — who may never vote for them —  by conservatives can be perversely labeled as a sign of un-conservative or squishy ideology. The critique launched by right-wingers who have no affirmative plans other than unattractive and extreme ones (deport all the illegal immigrants, repeal Obamacare with no alternative, reform Medicaid not to improve care but to pinch pennies) or who talk only in the abstract about economic theory and political philosophy do so, I would suggest, not simply because they can obtain a pool of money and media time —  although that may be part of it. Rather, they have little to offer on the knottiest issues of the day. The lack of creative solutions, the aversion to government, the paranoia about imagined threats and the reliance on biting rhetoric put them at an extreme disadvantage in these times.
We have no shortage of ideologues and political opportunists. What we need are thoughtful, competent and inclusive leaders whose end goal is not to get 50.1 percent of the vote (relying on dragging every white conservative in sight to the polls if you are a conservative or scaring minorities and single women if you are a liberal) but to win a healthy and diverse majority and build a functioning governing coalition. That is what we need; whether that is what Republican voters want remains the big question for 2016.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Morning links: 179 deaths  three indictments  one convictionContrary to public statements, St. Louis County prosecutor Robert McCulloch did not release all of the grand jury evidence .
Over 15 years, NYPD cops have killed 179 people. Just three fatalities led to an indictment, and just one resulted in a conviction.
“ The problem with blaming black crime for police shootings.”
The Justice Department issues new racial profiling restrictions .
A fascinating profile of the recently indicted head of Mississippi’s prisons.
Critics raise questions about Charles Ramsey , the Philadelphia police chief who will head President Obama’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Many women are afraid of poverty in retirementBy Joann Weiner December 8 Follow @DCEcon
Most women expect a leisurely retirement, but many fear poverty (Source: Washington Post)
Retirement is supposed to be a time for relaxation, to spend time with family and friends, to take up gardening or volunteering, and generally to be free from financial worries.
Yet, for a substantial number of women, the thought of retirement calls up negative feelings. Will they have enough money when they retire, or worse, will they live out their golden years in poverty?
These dismal findings are particularly severe for women around the world. When asked what words they associate with retirement, nearly one in five women said “poverty” and one in four said “insecurity.”
American women aren’t immune from these fears. About one in 10 American women fears that poverty will define retirement while one in seven says that retirement will be associated with insecurity.
Those conclusions come from a survey of more than 16,000 people in 15 countries conducted by Aegon UK and the Transamerica Center for Retirement Studies and reported by Plansponsor . Women made up half of those surveyed, and more than half of these women had at least an undergraduate college degree, 62 percent were married or cohabitating, and 65 percent worked full time. The countries include Brazil, Britain, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hungary, India, Japan, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Sweden, Turkey, and the United States. Details are available in “The Changing Face of Retirement. Women: Balancing family, career and financial security” available on the Aegon Web site.
Not having enough money can cause financial stress throughout life, of course. And one reason that financial stress may be a feature of retirement is that women aren’t putting enough money away to fund their retirement.
Worldwide, just one of every five women thinks she’s saving enough to have a financially secure retirement, and two of every five women have no idea whether they’re on course to retire in financial security.
The situation isn’t much better in the United States. Among American women, just 15 percent say they’re putting enough money aside, while 22 percent say they’re hardly saving at all for their retirement.
A not insignificant share of women isn’t even interested in saving for retirement. In terms of how they approach the need to save, fully 8 percent of women say they have never saved and never intend to save for retirement.
Not having enough money in retirement is a big problem, especially since a 65-year-old American woman is likely to live another 21 years and will need a pretty big nest egg to meet her retirement needs. Yet, only one of every four women thinks she’ll have enough income during her retirement to meet those needs.
Most retired American women won’t end up in poverty, of course, yet it’s eye-opening that such a large share of women fears financial insecurity or poverty in their retirement years.
Why is that? Well, beyond the fact that many people aren’t saving enough, a big part of the problem is that people don’t know how to figure out how much money they’ll need in retirement. If they can’t figure out how much they’ll need, then it’s hard to put aside enough money to meet those needs.
To illustrate the problem that not having any savings can create for tomorrow’s retirees, I used a calculator from Kiplinger’s business magazine to figure out how much a person who plans to retire in 20 years would need to start saving to have a comfortable retirement. Specifically, I assumed that I wanted to replace 65 percent of a $50,000 income (that’s roughly a household’s median income ) during a retirement that would last 20 years and made the extreme assumption that I had no other savings, had no pension, and wouldn’t receive any Social Security benefits.
Under this scenario, I would need to save about $1,500 each month to reach my goal. Unfortunately, if I’ve only decided to start saving just 20 years before I plan to retire, with my $50,000 income, I may not be able to afford to put aside $1,500 a month to fund my retirement.
There are a couple of things that would make it easier to save for retirement. Both of them operate through the employer.
First, since a lot of retirement savings occurs on the job through employer-sponsored plans, employers could make retirement benefits, including matching contributions to a 401(k) plan, available to all employees, not just to those who work full time. This would be a simple way to help all employees start building a nest egg and would specifically benefit women, who are more likely than men to work part time.
Second, since defined contribution plans have largely replaced traditional defined benefit pension plans, meaning that employees are now responsible for making contributions to their retirement plans, employers could make it easy for employees to start saving by automatically enrolling them in retirement saving plans.
Requiring employees to “opt out” rather than to “opt in” to retirement savings plans would act like a forced saving plan and overcome the inertia that stops people from putting money away into a savings account.
This is a good idea, and it’s supported by research. A recent government report found that providing automatic IRAs could both expand retirement coverage and increase retirement benefits for all households. (Some 401(k) and SIMPLE IRA plans already have automatic enrollment.)
The rather broad-based support for automatically enrolling people in savings plans is based on a  concept developed a few years ago by researchers at the Heritage Foundation and the Brookings Institution. President Obama has included a provision to provide for “Automatic IRAs” in each of his budgets. Rep. Richard Neal (D-Mass.) has introduced legislation that would provide similar benefits.
These are good ideas. But women shouldn’t wait for their employers or for Congress to act to avoid a retirement that could sink them into financial insecurity or poverty. Women need to think long and hard now about how to make sure they have enough money during their retirement years. They should take advantage of the benefits that their employers offer and start contributing to their 401(k) plan. And, if such options aren’t available, they should set up their own tax-deferred savings accounts. There’s no reason for so many women to fear that retirement is a life of poverty rather than the life of relaxation that they have earned.
Joann Weiner teaches economics at George Washington University. She has written for Bloomberg, Politics Daily, and Tax Analysts and worked as an economist at the U.S. Treasury Department. Follow her on Twitter @DCEcon .

Nows your chance to get paid to lay in bed all day (for science)By Rachel Feltman December 8 Follow @rachelfeltman
(JM Guyon/AP)
The future of space exploration depends on the bravery of many intrepid scientists and engineers — but NASA needs volunteers of a lazier sort, too .
Laying in bed for $170 a day might sound like the easiest gig of all time, but it's not exactly a fun way to spend two months. The study that NASA is currently taking volunteers for, " The Exercise Study ," is designed to mimic the negative effects of space-flight on the human body — and then test ways to counteract them. So you have to spend 70 days lying down, but you don't get to be quite as lazy as the participants in NASA's previous studies.
For 70 days, you'll be laying down 24/7 with your head tilted slightly downward. This tilt causes a shift of body fluids towards the head, which causes cardiovascular issues similar to those seen in zero-gravity space travel.
(NASA)
Even during your exercise regimen , which is designed to keep your muscles from turning into useless goo, you'll be strapped into a special workout apparatus that maintains the downward tilt.
And yeah, those six degrees of incline really do make things less pleasant. In November, NASA test subject Andrew Iwanicki recounted his experiences mid-study for Vice :
Almost immediately, I was fighting the six degree angle. Every time I turned or twitched, I slid toward the headboard and, within a few minutes, was slammed against it with my neck turned sideways. To resist the gravitational pull, I laid as still as possible, but then the back pain began to set in ...
I spent the next five days on my side, curled in the fetal position to relieve the pressure on my spine. I sank into a throbbing haze as blood flow to my head increased. On the third day, my intestines triggered their own alarms. Never in my life had I gone so long without unloading a bowel movement -- the digestive system is not as effective without gravity on its side.
No cheating, either: Participants are closely monitored the entire time , and if you violate the rules of the study you'll get the boot. But you do get access to any entertainment you can enjoy on your back (conjugal visits excluded) and your diet is calibrated to keep you from gaining weight during your convalescence. You also get a couple weeks of recovery time under NASA's watch at the end, lest you fear stumbling back into the light like a baby fawn on the day your study is completed.
But maybe the exercise regimen in the latest study will help break up the monotony of the whole experience. And just think: While you get paid to "work on your novel" and think deep thoughts about ceiling tiles, you'll be helping NASA take better care of astronauts -- on short-term missions today, and perhaps long-term trips to Mars in the near future.

Ban Ki-moon to attend Vibrant Gujarat Summit 2015Ban Ki-moon to attend Vibrant Gujarat Summit 2015
Press Trust Of India | Gandhinagar Dec 08, 2014 09:34 PM IST
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon will take part in the 'Vibrant Gujarat Summit-2015' during his two-day visit to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's home state on January 10 and 11 next year.
"Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General of the UN, is going to take part in our Vibrant Gujarat Summit-2015. He will come to Gujarat on January 10 and he will be present at the inauguration function on January 11," Finance minister and Gujarat Government Spokesperson Saurabh Patel said today.
The Secretary General is also likely to visit Sabarmati Ashram of Mahatma Gandhi in Ahmedabad and a few other places in the state on January 11, Patel added.
Patel said that this would be the first ever visit of the UN Secretary General to a business summit. He had earlier visited India in 2012.
According to a state government official, the upcoming Vibrant Gujarat Summit will witness the highest number of foreign dignitaries, including Ban Ki-moon and heads of several other countries.
The state government is going to organise the Vibrant Gujarat International Investors Summit-2015 from January 11 to 13 next year with an aim to attract more investment in the state.
Modi ideated upon organising biennial investors' summit in 2003 during his chief ministerial regime in Gujarat.
Since 2003, Modi had held six such investors' summit, which resulted in signing of thousands of crores rupees' Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) promising investment in Gujarat.
Modi will be present to inaugurate the summit.

How rich shoppers make investors poorerHow rich shoppers make investors poorer
By: Matt Krantz December 8, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
USA TODAY
You can’t go wrong betting on the spending of the rich, right? Wrong.
Luxury retail stocks — which seemed like no-brainer winners earlier in the year — are going the other way. The reversal in luxury stocks is costing investors who bet on big-spenders a bundle.
A basket of six key high-end retailers that were beating the market back in May by a mile are now lagging it, on average. These six high-end retailing stocks, including Michael Kors (KORS) , Kate Spade (KATE) and Ralph Lauren (RL) , are down 1.2% this year on average. That might not sound catastrophic until you consider the Standard & Poor’s 500 has jumped 12.3% during the same time.
It gets worse. A basket of eight much-watched discount retailers, including Wal-Mart (WMT) , Target (TGT) and Ross Stores (ROST) are beating the market and are up 13.1% on average this year. Part of that outperformance is due to the stock pop in shares of Family Dollar after Dollar Tree said it’s buying its rival. But the fact remains that a bet on the discounters this year has panned out much better than one on high-end retailers.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY. Equal weighted luxury vs. discounter stocks
Coach has been the best known luxury retailer to struggle. Shares are down 38.5% this year as competition for the accessories buyer intensifies. But even Michael Kors, the company that’s giving Coach much of the trouble, has seen its shares drop 4.4% this year.
Luxury brands could run into even more trouble still if China’s bull economy cools further many luxury brands have been scoring on the luxury craving Asian nations.
And that’s not to say all luxury retailers are struggling equally. High-end department store Nordstrom has seen its shares rise 22.2% this year — making it the best of the luxury sellers — on continued strong earnings.
But one things for certain — getting rich from the rich has gotten much more difficult this year.
HOW KEY LUXURY STOCKS ARE PERFORMING THIS YEAR
Company

http://usat.ly/1zj4fZAEMAIL
(YouTube)
Did you hang around for two hours to watch a dude get eaten by an anaconda?
No?
Then perhaps you’re smarter than the rest of us.
On Sunday, the Discovery Channel aired its heavily hyped Eaten Alive special , in which Paul Rosolie and his team traversed the Amazon jungle in hopes of finding a snake that was big enough to eat him. An easy task, no?
Well, actually, quite the opposite. We spent most of the two-hour special with crocodiles, eels and anacondas that weren’t quite up to the size Rosolie was gunning to get consumed by. Shrimps.
In fact, it wasn’t until the last 15 minutes that he even went head-on with his 20-foot, 250-pound foe, during which he was cloaked in pig blood-soaked chain mail and a helmet. And he wasn’t even fully devoured: After an hour spent in the snake’s coils (roughly five minutes in TV time), Rosolie was pulled away with some gnarly cuts and poor circulation in his arm.
Riveting, huh? Well, Twitter didn’t really think so:
. @Discovery I've never watched your show Naked and Afraid but after watching #EatenAlive I assume everyone is clothed and calm.
— Dave Lozo (@DaveLozo) December 8, 2014
Hey @discovery , can I have my own show? #EatenAlive pic.twitter.com/OLEZykn1sx

US Stocks Slip at Noon as Energy Shares SlumpIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Conservative groups seek limits during lame duck on wind energy subsidiesBy Tom Hamburger December 8 Follow @thamburger
Completed wind turbine blades sit outside TPI Composites in Newton, Iowa. The company makes blades for General Electric Co's renewable energy business. (Daniel Acker/Bloomberg, 2012 file photo)
Conservative gusto to rein  in environmental initiatives is on display during this lame duck session of Congress as two dozen House Republicans face pressure from a campaign to end federal support for wind energy.
The Americans for Prosperity organization, partly founded and funded by the brothers who control Koch Industries, launched a newspaper advertising and grass-roots outreach effort after the election asking more than 20 Republican House members to halt the tax break for wind energy that is included in a package of tax extensions.
"This is an important moment," said Tim Phillips, the group's director, underlining the importance of the post-election era for Republicans who are being targeted by his organization to defeat the wind energy tax extension. "Republicans who campaigned on limited government and getting the economy moving again -- now they have a clear example with this wind subsidy issue," he said. "Are they going to continue to allow taxpayer dollars to pick winners and losers in the market place, or will they allow the energy sources to stand on their own?"
But wind and other renewable energy have gone mainstream and are embraced by many Republicans, including those in red and purple states  such as Texas, Iowa, Colorado and North Carolina.  Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.)  waved away the pressure she has received from Americans for Prosperity in recent weeks to immediately end the tax break for wind energy.
"I have been a longtime supporter of an 'all of the above' approach to energy," Ellmers said in a statement to The Washington Post last week, after receiving hundreds of calls from constituents responding to the AFP campaign. "... Wind energy is only one of many avenues that our state has the ability to tap into, and it's allowing us to diversify our power sources and create jobs."
The Wind Protection Tax Credit provides about $10 billion a year to support wind producers. Despite the unusual pressure on Republican legislators, those who are watching the ongoing debate over tax breaks expect that legislation extending the wind tax break and most -- but not all  others -- will be approved for another year.
"It is almost certain that most of these will be approved for another year," said Curt Beaulieu, a tax counsel for the Senate Finance Committee who recently joined the Washington office of Bracewell & Giuliani. 
In addition to the AFP federal effort, which is expected to continue through the lame duck session of Congress, state legislators will be pressed by AFP,  the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) and other conservative groups to repeal state renewable energy mandates. Koch Industries has gone on the record opposing all such programs.
Philip Ellender, president and chief operating officer of Koch Companies Public Sector, said last week that the company continues to oppose state and federal subsidies — for any industry. “Consistent with Koch’s longstanding opposition to all types of corporate welfare, including subsidies and mandates, we oppose state-level renewable portfolio standards,“ he said in an e-mail statement to The Post.
So far, however, such efforts have been unsuccessful in most states. Of 18 states that considered model ALEC bills to roll back requirements to bring wind, solar and other renewable energy online, only one has acted. Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) signed a bill earlier this year that would shelve requirements for utilities to boost the use of renewable energy sources.
ALEC's success in Ohio and in getting similar legislation introduced in other states has inspired Democratic Party donors to support a new state-focused organization called the State Innovation Exchange, or SiX. The goal is to eventually raise $10 million a year to boost progressive state lawmakers and their causes -- partly by drafting model legislation in state capitols to support and expand environmental protection efforts.
In addition, environmental groups and their allies are still working to discredit ALEC, which recently concluded its winter policy meeting in Washington. The organization, under new leadership, has dropped some of its most controversial initiatives on crime and other topics, and it has become more transparent and open, with reporters invited to some previously closed sessions. Still,  environmental, religious and labor groups sent letters last week to thousands of state legislators warning them to steer clear of ALEC and its agenda. "ALEC is a polluter-funded group that increasingly tries to obscure the purposes and impact of legislation it is peddling," the letter states.  
In a related move, more than 200 companies wrote congressional leaders announcing support for EPA's proposed carbon standard for electric power plants. The signers included executives from Kellogg's, Levi Strauss, Nestle and Ikea, who were organized by Ceres, a group of  investors and activists promoting environmentally sustainable business practices.
Those letters offset larger campaigns against the EPA rules led by the National Association of Manufacturers and other business and energy trade associations that have criticized the carbon and ozone rules as impractical, expensive and damaging to the economy.
Dave Hamilton, the Sierra Club official in charge of global warming and energy policy, is galled by the complaints against wind and solar subsidies when much larger tax breaks are imbedded in the tax code for petroleum. In the long term, he said, the appeal of renewable energy will win against well-funded fossil fuel lobbyists. But in the short run the debate will be fierce.
Tom Hamburger covers the intersection of money and politics for The Washington Post.

Force-feeding a human to a snake is not science (and is also super dumb)By Rachel Feltman December 8 Follow @rachelfeltman
Baby anaconda is not amused by your ratings baiting. (Gemunu Amarasinghe/AP)
Sunday night, the Discovery channel aired a special called "Eaten Alive" wherein snake expert Paul Rosolie was supposed to be, you know, eaten alive by an anaconda. Viewers were ticked off when the two-hour-long special ended with Rosolie bailing out as soon as the snake started to squeeze his arm, leading to his swift removal from the anaconda whose belly he was meant to explore on camera.
But while some viewers were annoyed by the bait-and-switch nature of the program, most snake-lovers were angered by the very premise of the show.
"When I heard about the planned special, my initial impression was that the Discovery channel could not possibly stoop any lower and this was surely the death blow to nature programming on television," said  David Steen , a wildlife ecologist at Auburn University who specializes in snakes.
Steen watched the program, but only so he could follow along with real science for the show's viewers on Twitter .
Snake researcher Paul Rosolie says he is doing everything he can to preserve the Amazon rain forest, including feeding himself to an anaconda in the upcoming TV special, "Eaten Alive." (AP)
The Discovery Channel has been pushing the special as a promotion of anaconda conservation — a way of showing the world how majestic the animals are, and urging viewers to help protect them. But Steen wasn't convinced.
"I just cannot understand how anyone can claim a show like this would support anaconda conservation," Steen said. "So many people are already irrationally afraid of snakes, I don't understand how trying to make one eat you will help their reputation or their conservation."
And while Rosolie (who didn't respond to request for comment) has told the media that the snake was well looked after and is in good health, the fact remains that she was force-fed a meal that could have injured her — and for an experiment that carried no scientific merit.
While it's possible for a very large snake to eat a human, there are no accounts of Green Anacondas doing so. Rosolie was covered in a carbon-fiber suit to protect him from the snake's crushing power, and coated in pigs blood to make him more appetizing.
But even though snakes are great at regurgitating their meals, swallowing something as large as a grown man — and one covered in a hard protective suit — would have put the snake at risk of choking, both while swallowing her dinner and throwing it back up.
If the aim had been to get a unique look at the digestive processes of a giant anaconda, there would have been much safer and simpler — though less gimmicky — way to do so: A camera stuck on an actual pig, for starters.
And Steen believes that the snake, while she may not have been harmed, was probably in distress when Rosolie managed to get his head into her mouth.
"My impression of the snake's interaction with Paul Rosolie was that the snake was striking in self-defense, not because it was attempting to eat him. The situation was probably stressful at best for the snake," he said. "I just did not feel that the snake wanted any part of this and I was sorry that it was on television."
In an interview with the Telegraph, even Rosolie seemed to admit that the snake was biting defensively — not trying to make a meal of him.
"When I went up to the snake, it didn't try to eat me right away," Rosolie said . "It tried to escape. And when I provoked it a little bit, and acted a little more like a predator, that's when it turned around and defended itself."
That anaconda don't want none unless it's actual food, hon.
So at best, this would have been kind of cool. At worst, it would have ended with a snake choking to death on a conservationist who'd suffocated inside her. And that's television, folks. This seems to be another nail in the coffin for Discovery, whose "science" programming seems to have gone the way of Shark Week year round.
You can learn more about the species that turned her nose up at Rosolie here . And if you want to actually help the snakes, you can symbolically adopt one through the World Wildlife Foundation .
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Markets post steepest fall in nearly 2 monthsMarkets post steepest fall in nearly 2 months
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 10:40 PM IST
India's benchmark indices posted their largest single-day loss in nearly two months on Monday, led by a decline in technology shares after four promoters of Infosys pared their holdings in the company. The 30-share BSE Sensex fell 1.19 per cent, or 338.7 points, to end at 28,119.4, while the broad-based NSE Nifty ended down 1.17 per cent, or 100 points, at 8,438.25. Most global markets, too, traded weak on Monday after China's trade data missed expectations, raising concerns that the world's second-largest economy might be facing a severe slowdown.
The domestic markets could remain weak as India's current account deficit, released after market hours, worsened to $10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of the GDP, for the quarter ended September 2014.
"We saw major sell-off in the market because of lack of positive triggers. Also, the weakness in the global front impacted our markets, too," said Alex Mathews, head, research, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services. Mathews said with the Nifty breaching its key support level, there is a chance of it slipping another 50-100 points.
Shares of Infosys fell nearly five per cent, the most in six months, to Rs 1,968.6 apiece. The drop followed the share sale worth around Rs 6,300 crore by four promoters. Shares of bigger rival Tata Consultancy Services fell 2.5 per cent to Rs 2,513.7 apiece. Both stocks together accounted for nearly 150 points decline in the Sensex.
"The market has had a good run and valuations are high, so it's natural for some investors to book profits," said Chokkalingam G, managing director, Equinomics Research.
According to provisional figures, foreign institutional investors invested nearly Rs 5,000 crore and domestic institutions net bought shares worth Rs 1,000 crore on Monday. However, most of the investment was made in Infosys' large stake sale. Overseas investors pumped in some $16 billion into Indian stocks this year.
All sectoral indices, with the exception of consumer goods, ended with losses on Monday. Negative news flow from China hit shares of metal companies with Tata Steel losing two per cent, Hindalco Industries declining 2.5 per cent and Sesa Sterlite dropping 3.7 per cent. Banking shares led by HDFC Bank and State Bank of India also fell on profit-booking, following sharp gains last month. ITC and Coal India were the biggest gainers in the Sensex index.
The India VIX index, a barometer for market sentiment, soared 2.15 per cent to 12.2. Derivatives analysts expect the market to cool off in the coming sessions, following sharp 33 per cent gains this year.
According to Bloomberg, Sensex valuation has reached 16 times projected 12-month profits. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index trades at a multiple of 11.2 times. Analysts, however, believe the Indian market can continue to command a premium on improved economic prospects.

Electricity contract workers stage protestUpdated: December 8, 2014 22:58 IST
Electricity contract workers stage protest
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu
Members of Telangana State United Electricity Employees Union staged a demonstration at the NPDCL office in Warangal on Monday.
Members of Telangana State United Electricity Employees Union staged a demonstration at the NPDCL office demanding
regularisation of services of all contract employees. Hundreds of members gathered at the office with placards and raised slogans in favour of their demands. They have been demanding equal pay for equal work, payment of wagers directly by the government and scrapping of outsourcing method.
Addressing the gathering, union general secretary N. Venkateswarlu said nearly 2,600 employees were working in Genco, Transco and Discom in Warangal district. They were being paid meagre wages by the contractors who were deducting some of part wage earned by the employees. “The State government promised to consider regularisation of services of contract employees. We are happy with the decision and want the Chief Minister to initiate action in this regard at the earliest,” he said. Union leader K Ramesh, R Raju, G Kumar, M Prabahakar and others were present.

http://usat.ly/1wqb5NPFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Scooter maker Razor woos adults with Crazy Cart XL
LAS VEGAS -- Think of it as bumper cars for adults. Razor, best known as maker of those kids' scooters that caught on like wildfire a few ago, has come up with some that could prove just as viral for adults.
Post to Facebook
Scooter maker Razor woos adults with Crazy Cart XL LAS VEGAS -- Think of it as bumper cars for adults. Razor, best known as maker of those kids' scooters that caught on like wildfire a few ago, has come up with some that could prove just as viral for adults. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CZmbw4
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Scooter maker Razor woos adults with Crazy Cart XL
USA TODAY's Chris Woodyard talks to Ali Kermani about Crazy Cart, an adult drifting go-cart from Razor, the scooter maker. Leslie Smith/USA TODAY
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 11 a.m. EST December 8, 2014
Ali Kermani, vide president for Razor, shows off the Crazy Cart at the SEMA show in Las Vegas
(Photo: Dan MacMedan, USA TODAY)
193 CONNECT 15 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
LAS VEGAS — Think of it as indoor go-kart racing for adults. Only you can drift. And you can do it in your own living rooom.
Razor, best known as maker of those kids' scooters that caught on like wildfire a few years ago, has come up with some that could prove just as viral for adults.
It's called  the Crazy Cart XL, an electric cart that can tear laps around the living room. Plus, it has a lever that lets it drift. SEMA is serious enough about it for the adult market that one of its executives drifted it around the hallways of the convention center here  for the SEMA after-market car parts show a couple of months ago.
Yes, you can ride it around the house, but there's no downplaying how much speed it can develop. Razor says it goes 17 mph, can go up to 40 minutes on a single charge and runs off of lead-acid batteries. The XL is the adult version of a car that's already on the market for kids.
Razor's Ali Kermani, who demonstrated the cart at the trade show, says the cart's secret are its caster wheels underneath, like those found on a sofa, and a bar that the driver lifts to give the cart the ability to spin, like a drifting race car.
The tough news for Razor is that it sounds like it's going to miss deliveries before the holidays. The company is taking orders, however, with a suggested retail price of $799.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CZmbw4
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Ugliest sweater of them all...ugliest sweater of them all...
Balance of payments narrows but remains in surplus for fourth year in a rowBalance of payments narrows but remains in surplus for fourth year in a row
Indian Overseas Bank announces cessation of directorsIndian Overseas Bank announces cessation of directors
New HCL Info MD to enhance e-commerce  tune go-to-mkt strategyNew HCL Info MD to enhance e-commerce  tune go-to-mkt strategy
Kensho finds top holiday sectorsKensho finds top holiday sectors
Wednesday, 26 Nov 2014 |  1:37  PM ET
CNBC's Dominic Chu turns to the Kensho Stats Box to look at the holiday numbers on sector ETFs.
SHARES

America  Weve Got a Problemreddit
I was in Ferguson Wednesday when it happened: In a morally stunning decision, a Staten Island grand jury announced it would not bring criminal charges against a white police officer who choked a black man to death during a brutal incident last July. Stopped for allegedly selling some loose and therefore untaxed cigarettes, officer Daniel Pantaleo put a "chokehold" on Eric Garner, despite the fact that the move is against NYPD rules. Video of the incident shows Garner uttering his last words, "I can't breathe." New York's medical examiner officially called this a "homicide," but the grand jury said no charges will be made.
Of course, this comes just 10 days after the Ferguson grand jury decision not to indict another white police officer, Darren Wilson, for fatally shooting an unarmed black teenager named Michael Brown on Aug. 9. Sojourners had convened a retreat in Ferguson for both national faith leaders and local pastors to look deeply at the historical and theological foundations of the Ferguson events and reflect upon how the church must respond. Emotional calls from pastors in New York City came with the horrible news, and people just began to weep -- one young man wailing, "This time it was all on video .... and it still didn't matter! How can I as a black man bring a black son into this world?" Lament and prayers followed with a resolve from an extraordinary two days on the ground in Ferguson -- to act.
Local experts in St. Louis County helped us understand the damage done to their local communities for decades that led to the response that erupted after the killing of Michael Brown. We walked silently and prayerfully alongside the memorial to the slain teenager on West Canfield Avenue with black parents imagining their own sons lying there, and white parents realizing this would never happen to our kids. We kept looking at the street where this bloody incident had taken place, feeling more and more doubt about the narratives the county prosecutor had used to exonerate and excuse the white police officer from any responsibility -- or at least a trial to publically sort out "conflicting testimonies."
We met in a church with seven young leaders of the Ferguson protest movement. In just 116 days, these young people had become self-educated and extraordinary leaders, and we listened to a compelling analysis of their urgent situation and how they were trying to apply the history of social movements to change their oppressive circumstances. Their chilling stories of police harassment and brutality, preceded by a narrative of the educational and economic brutality that black young people like them experience daily were transforming words for those of us who listened, spellbound. As I listened, I realized America would be converted by these young people's honest and earnest conversation -- they would win the national debate about our criminal justice system's response to young people of color. And that is why they have been deliberately marginalized and painted with the brush of false narratives that polarize our responses to them, a polarization so painfully and starkly now along racial lines.
Some of these young people had just returned from Washington, D.C., where they met in the Oval Office with the president. Later I joined them for a small meeting at the White House where the president convened faith leaders, law enforcement officials, legal scholars, the vice president, and some of his cabinet secretaries to discuss a new task force and national commission to deal with what he called "a real problem" in our law enforcement system between too many police departments and their communities of color.
You could tell these young people made a profound impression on Barack Obama, and they were powerfully articulate in our meeting, calling Ferguson a historical moment and asking us all how we were going to respond to it. What happened in Ferguson was no anomaly of course, and there are Fergusons all over the nation. But Ferguson has become a historically revealing moment about what has been true for decades across this country in the ways that young black men and women are treated profoundly differently than young white men and women. It's a truth everyone in the African-American community understands, but many white Americans are still mostly unaware of or in deep denial about.
The faith leaders retreat resulted in new and determined commitments to change --beginning with the churches themselves and extending to a criminal justice system whose racial bias is beyond dispute. That commitment will go beyond our racial and political differences and could hopefully provide a most needed multiracial and non-partisan political force for fundamental change. Conservative white Southern Baptist leader Russell Moore said this about Ferguson:
"In the public arena, we ought to recognize that it is empirically true that African-American men are more likely, by virtually every measure, to be arrested, sentenced, executed, or murdered than their white peers. We cannot shrug that off with apathy. Working toward justice in this arena will mean consciences that are sensitive to the problem. But how can we get there when white people do not face the same experiences as do black people?"
Wednesday, in response to the Staten Island decision, he added :
"... a government that can choke a man to death on video for selling cigarettes is not a government living up to a biblical definition of justice or any recognizable definition of justice. ... It's time for us in Christian churches to not just talk about the gospel but live out the gospel by tearing down these dividing walls not only by learning and listening to one another but also by standing up and speaking out for one another."
Amen brother Russell. Amen.
When the decision about Eric Garner was announced, the young people we had met the night before called and asked us to join them in the protest they had just organized at a U.S. Courthouse in downtown St. Louis -- and we did. Faith leaders and pastors stood alongside black and white young people who chanted "I can't breathe" in front of a line of police.
America, we have a problem. It's past time to fix it, and the church must stand alongside a new generation of young leaders and help the nation find the way forward.
Jim Wallis is president of Sojourners. His book, The (Un)Common Good: How the Gospel Brings Hope to a World Divided , the updated and revised paperback version of On God's Side, is available now.
Follow Jim Wallis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jimwallis
More:

Fight for the Right to Take Nude Photosreddit
The Internet often lets people do whatever they want to whomever they want. What often happens is more than a violation of privacy; it's flat-out criminal invasion. Prosecution, however, may be something of a long shot. Although a Florida man responsible for breaking into the private email accounts of more than 50 celebs and posting many explicit photos online is serving 10 years in prison, the law is only just beginning to catch up to the problem of what is broadly referred to as "revenge porn," or the unauthorized posting of explicit content without the consent of the individual.
Most websites that host these photos are protected by a federal law that absolves them of responsibility for material posted by third parties. It's legal in most of the United States, and only a few states -- about 12 -- have laws that make posting on such sites a crime ... if you can even find out who the poster is.
Prosecuting depends on first determining who uploaded the photo and where the photo originated. A California law, for example, did not, until recently, protect victims who took the photos themselves.
These unclear, largely ineffectual laws have in turn encouraged a culture of victim-blaming. Certainly, the surest way to avoid ever having your most private photos shared publicly is to not take them in the first place. This is the philosophy behind the most common advice given to teens, among whom the rates of "sexting" continue to rise. Trust no one. Share nothing. Even better: Take nothing.
While we're at it: Don't leave the house. After all, you could get mugged, or raped. You'd better not fly on a jet, either, what with all the terrorism and overworked pilots. Swim in the ocean? No way: sharks!
It's ridiculous logic.
And yet much of the reaction to the most recent celebrity leak in the news has fallen prey to such logic, questioning why these celebrities would take such risqué -- and risky -- photos in the first place. For this reason, taking nude photos is most definitely a right to fight for, if only because ceasing to do so is a form of victim blaming, and far more harmful than protective.
The blame for a crime lies not with the victim but with the criminal. We've become accustomed to knowing everything about everyone. And often the message isn't that it's heinous to so publicly and maliciously invade someone's privacy but that these women who take nude photos of themselves brought their misfortune on themselves. After all, it wouldn't have happened to them if they didn't take the photos.
But the first step to protecting our privacy both online and off isn't to demand that Apple make a stronger iCloud or to start stripping our storage spaces of anything private. Nor is it to insist that women stop taking nude photos of themselves or, for that matter, stop engaging in any activity they wouldn't want to be made public. Instead, it's to take these crimes seriously and hold their executors accountable.
The problem isn't the picture. It's the perpetrator.
Follow Dr. Peggy Drexler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drpeggydrexler
More:

Barnes and Noble: trading below book© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/0853c550-7c13-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kingfisher Airlines Shares Suspended: 10 Things to KnowWall Street Opens Lower on Oil, Rouble Drop
Vijay Mallya-promoted Kingfisher Airlines shares were grounded earlier this week, more than two years after the carrier was met the same fate. The entire promoter shareholding (8.54 per cent) of Kingfisher Airlines has also been frozen. If you did not sell your shares in the company, hoping for a revival, read on.
1) Trading in Kingfisher Airlines was suspended on December 1 for violation of listing rules of the stock exchanges. According to rules, if a company fails to report its earnings for two consecutive quarters, its shares have to be suspended from trading. Kingfisher Airlines has not reported its quarterly earnings since the December quarter of FY14.
2) Investors, who have not sold their shares so far, can still do so. As per exchange rules, trading in non-compliant companies would be allowed on a trade-for-trade basis, 15 days after the suspension.
3) Trade-for-trade is a type of settlement system, where transactions can be done only for delivery. Under the trade-for-trade segment, each transaction is considered individually and the normal rolling settlement system does not apply.
4) Trade-for-trade settlement prevents brokers from circular trading, a fraudulent scheme used to increase share value and volumes to attract unsuspecting investors. Circular trading does not led to a real change in the ownership of the stock.
5) Circular trading is not possible in trade-for-trade settlement as brokers have to pay for each transaction (buy or sell). So, only genuine investors will be able to participate in the trade.
6) Shares under trade-for-trade are traded on the first trading day of every week for six months. The first trading window for Kingfisher Airlines under trade-for-trade window will be on December 16.
7) Prior to suspension, Kingfisher Airlines was among the most traded shares on the exchanges. In spite of its operations being stalled since 2012, the average daily trading volume in its shares on NSE in last one year to November 28 was more than 25 lakh.
8) The reasons for the high trading volume in Kingfisher Airlines are a) It has a free-float of 95 per cent, which means nearly all issued shares are traded in the market; b) As of September 30, 2014, retail and high net worth investors held 58.5 per cent shares in the company and institutional investors (both domestic and foreign) held 9.92 per cent shares.
9) Kingfisher Airlines is not the only stock to be suspended. Shares of UB Engineering and Varun Industries were also suspended for violation of listing norms. Trading in such shares can resume again if the company starts reporting quarterly earnings and pays a fine to the exchanges.
10) The airline never turned a profit since its launch in 2005, as a result its accumulated losses wiped out its entire capital. The company had accumulated losses of Rs 16,023.47 crore as of March 31, 2013 and its networth at that date was a negative Rs 12,919.82 crore (per share negative networth of Rs 159.7).
Story first published on: December 06, 2014 20:00 (IST)

Uber India under fire over assault claimsUber under fire in India after driver accused of sexual assault
Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f247ed5c-7de5-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vanguard: Passive  aggressive© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/6135f8fa-7c63-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

M&A: Buyers retort© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/9b7114c0-7bdf-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why Facebook and Twitter Alone Can t Build Brandsreddit
At the 2014 Grammy Awards show, fast-food chain Arby's trended on Twitter when it poked fun at rapper Pharrell Williams. His hat looked like the one in the Arby's logo, so the company tweeted, "Hey, #Pharrell, can we have our hat back?" It was one of the most talked-about moments of the show because it reminded people of pop-culture totems, including Smokey Bear and Harry Potter.
While the move inspired 77,000 re-tweets within 24 hours, there's little evidence those tweets led the company to sell more roast beef sandwiches.
Yes, new technology platforms are available, but that doesn't mean companies should abandon common sense as they build their brands. In my new book, Twitter is Not a Strategy: Rediscovering the Art of Brand Marketing, I argue the ABCs of marketing are as true today as they were during the Mad Men era.  And so-called traditional media is here to stay.
Too many businesses lunge toward the latest app or social media stunt without considering their identity as a brand, and how their media strategy works. In the process, consumers end up confused and detached.
There are two truths necessary to forge a brand for both new and old media:
First, when we shop, our brand preference is typically shaped by "traditional media," while our engagement and loyalty to a brand is more likely influenced by digital media. Despite the proliferation of smartphones and other digital devices, the 30-second broadcast television commercial continues to rule (and increase) - even in the United States.
Manufacturers spent some $67 billion on network and cable advertising in 2013 how does this compare to previous spending? How much of a rise? Also, can you cite where this number comes from? While this suggest that companies still think television ads are still a wise investment, digital media is more likely to increase the probability of purchase and repurchases because it effectively triggers behavioral changes, such as learning more, using more, buying more, and advocating more.
Second, communications must be unified across all media by a consistent "brand idea" -- a long-term relationship between consumers and brands that remains consistent over time. It's a product's soul, invisible but always there.
Some brands get it. For instance, Coca-Cola transcends the goal of quenching thirst to present "moments of happiness" across all types of media -- digital and traditional. In 2013, the soft drink maker created "Small World" vending machines featuring streaming live video feeds that encouraged citizens of India and Pakistan, countries divided by decades of hostility, to share some semblance of happiness. Whether you agree with it or not, the delivery is powerful. Coke sought to narrow the political divide by showing small gestures of humanity, such as a wave or a short dance.
Nike is another example. Its brand loyalty didn't appear out of thin air or drip from a Twitter feed, but rather from the vision of Phil Knight, the athletic apparel company's cofounder and CEO. 'Just do it' isn't just a slogan, but a call to participate in sports. In recent years, Nike has found ways to update the slogan through the Nike+ digital ecosystem, which leverages new technology, such as wearables, to infuse an "always on" dynamic into our daily lives and transform solitary sporting activities into competitive group activities. Further, multi-channel platforms ranging from Australia's "She Run the Night" campaign to a series of global "Tournament of Basketball Champions" events have reinvented  'Just do it' from a brand proposition into high-involvement experiences.
Now is the time to cross today's "digital-traditional divide."  Only a definitive brand idea ensures long-term consistency, and creates order from the chaos that spreads across an ever-shifting media landscape.
This post was adapted from a recent commentary published on Fortune.com.
Follow Tom Doctoroff on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TomDoctoroff
More:

When Commerce Makes Us Want to Pukereddit
I'm not so naïve or recalcitrant as to deny the fact that the surest way to wreck the American economy -- to take it from whatever point it sits at today and send it straight into the abyss -- is for us consumers to voluntarily go on a six-month austerity kick, a period during which we don't buy anything except stuff we actually "need."  Not stuff we "want," mind you, or stuff that will make us materially happier or more comfortable, but stuff we truly need.
During this six-month period, we consumers would get our cars repaired instead of buying new ones; we would hold off buying new shoes, new shirts, new jackets, new toys for the kids, new jewelry, new gadgets for the kitchen; we would hold off buying better TVs, better stereos, better phones, and better computers.  For a period of six months, we would stick with what we have; unless something was actually broken and no longer worked, we would make do with what we already own.
Basically, we would stop buying everything except food and necessary supplies.  Then we would stand back in awe and watch the economy implode.  Watch it crumble.  Watch it crumble the way Tokyo crumbled when Godzilla went wild on its ass.  Again, I'm just talking here.  While I'm not so self-destructive as to want to see anything resembling this scenario actually happen, I confess that there are times when our devotion to naked, unbridled commerce makes me want to puke.
I was recently reminded of my gag reflex when I attempted to play a DVD I had received as a birthday gift.  I've watched enough VHS tapes and DVDs to know that these movie companies won't allow you to fast-forward through their slimy disclaimers and ominous threats.  You have no choice but to watch them.
Their threats are dire.  They warn you that even if you do something as innocuous as make a free copy for your cousin, you lay yourself open to having Interpol put you in prison for five years, and fine you $250,000.  I've come to accept the unhappy fact that the filmmakers have the right to force you to watch these messages, no matter how many times you've seen them; no matter if you've seen them enough times to have memorized them.
But the good news was that you could always fast-forward through the obnoxious advertisements that followed -- the previews for films available from the same studio.  If you didn't want to watch half a dozen trailers for teenage horror movies that you had no intention of seeing, you could either fast-forward through them, one at a time, or jump to the menu and hit the "play movie" option.  They could force you to watch the warnings, but they couldn't force you to watch the commercials.  Until now.
My new DVD not only wouldn't let me fast-forward through the trailers or jump to the menu, the son of a bitch wouldn't even let me shut off the DVD and hit the fast-forward button with the movie not playing.  In other words, as a slave to "commerce," I was being forced to watch these commercials.  And this was a DVD that had been bought and paid for.  It wasn't a rental.  I owned it now.  Yet I didn't have the authority to say no.  It made me want to puke.
--
David Macaray is a playwright and author ("It's Never Been Easy:  Essays on Modern Labor")
More:

Can Nonprofit Boards Afford to Underinvest in Management Leadership Developmentreddit
McKinsey & Company has just issued the results of a substantial study: To better understand the state of (nonprofit) leadership in the US social sector... The findings suggest that chronic underinvestment in (management) leadership development...(may risk) the sector's capabilities to fulfill emerging missions effectively and to adapt to fast-changing demands.
(http://www.mckinsey.com/insights/social_sector/what_social_sector_leaders_need_to_succeed) http://www.mckinsey.com/insights/social_sector/what_social_sector_leaders_need_to_succeed
Results from the study show that nonprofit managers need to improve their own and their peers' strengths in "(1) ability to innovate, (2) ability to surround selves with talented teams, (3) collaboration, (4) ability to manage outcomes." For themselves, they want ability to participate in cross-sector networks, time to experiment or take a sabbatical.
They also want. ... "more support, structure and supervision for emerging managers under their direction to take on significant challenges and more opportunities for mentorship of younger executives." Management leadership development, as opposed to training, involves the potential for mission enhancement and organizational effectiveness, among other desirable outcomes and/or impacts.
Nonprofit board member interviewees were not included in the study. Obviously boards would need to approve the budgets to achieve these objectives. But boards have some major cultural restraints. Based on my experiences, the boards represented by my comments can be classified as small or mid-sized. *
• Boards Need More Strategic Perspectives: The McKinsey study estimates "...that more systematic focus on, and investment in (management) leadership in the social sector could pay off (long-term) in more effective delivery of social interventions."
According to the latest available 2014 data, nonprofit CEOs gave their boards a B- grade in developing strategy. In quantitative terms, in 2012, 40% of the CEOs gave their boards grades C, D & F grades for their strategy efforts. ( https://www.boardsource.org/eweb/dynamicpage.aspx?webcode=LeadingwithIntent)
• Nonprofit Boards Are Conservative In Many Ways: When it comes to investment in assets, programs or leadership boards often look to the bylaws for guidance. They determine that they are often required to maintain the organization's assets. Investment in management leadership development does not provide an immediate return to meet this standard. ROI may even be hard to judge after substantial investment and time because judging qualitative behavioral outcomes can be difficult.
Examples Of Conservative Boards
A faith-based nonprofit wanted to hire a program development director but didn't want to risk one year's salary in the event the person didn't perform well. The board applied for a grant from another faith-charity to hire her. She performed extremely well from the outset!
I recently encountered a very able CEO, managing an operating budget in excess of $10 million, who wanted support to attend some conferences to keep his skills current. All the board would allocate was about $700 to attend some local university lectures.
• Board Rotations Won't Help The Management Leadership Cause: Normally nonprofit board members have tenures ranging from two to six years. Many may be dedicated to the organization but are not long-term oriented. Without a continuing meaningful involvement in the nonprofit after meeting their board obligations, their interests move elsewhere.
Addressing The Management Leadership Deficit
CEOs, in my opinion, have an obligation to develop relationships with their board members, to make certain that board members view their board experiences as meaningful ones. Perhaps over time, some CEOs can develop an informal management leadership advisory group composed of current and former board members. This new group can help him/h or successors to keep the management leadership development issue in front of the board and prospective donors. It will also be useful to generate funds and to develop networking partnership opportunities, for both incumbent seniors executives and emerging managers.
Foundation support is critical. Large foundations, like Ford and Gates, have been supportive of management leadership development, at about a $50 million level annually for about 20 years. ** But a consortium of foundations needs to be established with the mission of moving annual total U.S. foundation investment in nonprofit management leadership development beyond 1 percent, the current level. This can't happen overnight.
Implications:
The McKinsey report has highlighted a significant problem for 337,000 small and mid-sized public charity organizations in terms of management leadership development for current and future nonprofit executives. It seems current management leadership can do little for itself, given the financial pressures it faces and the short-term orientations of the boards with which it must interact. Without additional support by a consortium of large foundations to alleviate the gap involved, about one-third of all public charities will not have the capabilities to fulfill emerging missions effectively and to adapt to fast-changing demands."
* As shown in the McKinsey report, in 2013 there were about 1 million public charities, including registered congregations in the United States. About one-third were non-reporting, with less than $25,000 in gross receipts. Another 372,000 reported their total assets for 2012. Ninety percent of the organizations in this group (337,000) has assets of less than $5 million. This substantial proportion can be estimated to be small to mid-sized nonprofits, about one-third of the one million public, (501(C)(3), charities. ( http://nccsdataweb.urban.org/ )
** About $150 annually for each of the 337,000 needing management leadership development.
Follow Eugene Fram on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@eugenefram
More:
McKinsey & Company Nonprofits Nonprofit Governance Nonprofit Leadership Nonprofit Boards Strategic Planning Eugene Fram
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Sony s PlayStation store hackedUpdated: December 8, 2014 13:24 IST
Sony's PlayStation store hacked
cyber crime
The problem lasted two hours but has been fixed globally, said the company through a statement.
Sony’s online PlayStation store was inaccessible to users for part of Monday in the latest possible cyberattack on the electronics and entertainment company.
Sony Computer Entertainment in Tokyo said on Monday the problem lasted two hours but has been fixed globally. It said the cause is under investigation, but there is no sign of any material being stolen.
Last week, the computer systems of Sony Pictures Entertainment were disrupted by a cyberattack and confidential information including unreleased movies was leaked on the Internet.
North Korea was among the suspects, but it has denied responsibility.
The FBI is investigating threatening emails sent to some employees of Sony Pictures Entertainment, and trying to identify the person or group responsible.
There was no indication of a link between the PlayStation and Sony Pictures incidents.

BHEL Commissions Hydro Power Plant in RwandaYou are here: Home Corporates
BHEL Commissions Hydro Power Plant in Rwanda
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 08, 2014 12:58 (IST)
New Delhi: State-run power equipment maker BHEL today said it has commissioned a hydro power project in African country Rwanda.
"BHEL has commissioned the 28 MW Nyaborongo Hydro Electric Project (2x14 MW) in Rwanda," a statement said.
With the commissioning of this plant, the installed generation capacity of Rwanda has gone up by 24 per cent from 119 MW to 147 MW.
Nyaborongo Hydro Electric project is owned by the Government of Rwanda and has been financed under the Government of India's Line of Credit, the statement said without elaborating total cost of the project.
BHEL's scope of work in the contract included turnkey execution for the Nyaborongo hydro power project comprising two hydro generating units of 14 MW each.
BHEL's hydro installations are working in India, Azerbaijan, Bhutan, Malaysia, Nepal, New Zealand, Taiwan, Tajikistan, Thailand and Vietnam. The company is also currently executing hydro power projects in Afghanistan, Democratic Republic of Congo and Bhutan.
The company has already established presence in other African countries namely --Sudan, Libya, Ethiopia, Egypt, Zambia, Tanzania, Uganda, Nigeria.
Story first published on: December 08, 2014 12:56 (IST)

Bears tighten grip as one-way bets fade© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/800722ec-7c93-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Towergate offloads aircraft cover unitTowergate offloads aircraft cover unit Hayward Aviation
Alistair Gray
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b17d663e-7ec7-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Infosys founders sell stakes for $1.1bn as CEO Sikka boosts prospectsComments
The co-founders of tech giant Infosys on Monday sold a big chunk of shares in the company in deals that totalled to about Rs. 6,484 crore as they broaden their philanthropic activities.
NR Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, Dinesh K and Kumari Shibulal (wife of SD Shibulal), along with other members of their families, sold 32.6 million shares, which constituted 2.8% of the company’s market capital.  The move brought the bluechip stock down by nearly 5%, and the benchmark Sensex by 1.19%, the most in nearly eight weeks.
Dispelling concerns over the stake sale, former chairman Murthy said in a statement: “We have tremendous confidence in the future of Infosys and its leaders”. Nilekani did not respond to calls and message, while co-founder Kris Gopalakrishnan, who did not sell stakes in this round, also declined to comment.
Murthy said his family sold a minor part of their stake to continue efforts to encourage entrepreneurship and for personal philanthropic initiatives.
Commenting on the stake sale, Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka said: “The founders continue to be among the largest retail shareholders in the company. They have reiterated their commitment to the future of the company and their belief in and support of its leadership. I respect their decision of contributing towards philanthropic activities and entrepreneurship and other initiatives.”
Deutsche Equities, an arm of Deutsche Bank, which conducted the share sale on behalf of the founders, said the sale has been done to partially monetise their stake for reasons including philanthropic activities.
It said the share sale was executed at 4% discount to Friday’s closing price of Rs. 1,988.87.  Infosys shares have risen 23% — double of the Sensex — since Sikka was named CEO — the first non founder to head Infosys.
After stepping down from the Infosys board in November, founders and their family members had asked for their names to be removed as promoters. The founders now hold 13.12% in the company, with Murthy and family still the largest shareholders.
“Nothing can be read into this move though the timing and the quantum of the share sale is a bit surprising,” said a former board member of Infosys who asked not to identied. “They chose to sell shares in such large quantum immediately after relieving their active role in the company. If they had sold their stake in a staggered manner nobody would have noticed,” he said.

Vanguard plans financial advice shake-up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c353e40a-7c97-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saint-Gobain targets Sika takeover bid© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/24f8c83c-7eb5-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mizuho focuses on lending beyond Japan© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bfeeb12-7ec1-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dont be Shanghaied by relative strengthDo not be Shanghaied by relative strength
Jamie Chisholm
The 14-day RSI is becoming a useful tool in market pricing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c7848294-7eba-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Price comparison sites start to maturePrice comparison websites start to mature
Robert Cookson, Alistair Gray and Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2edf54a2-7ec8-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Residential permit to Japanese working in IndiaGovernment to grant residential permit to Japanese nationals working in India
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 09.05PM IST
Tags:
Home Ministry
(The special privilege is…)
NEW DELHI: Government has decided to grant residential permit to Japanese nationals working in India till their employment period.
The special privilege is also to be granted to the dependents of all Japanese nationals, an order issued by the Home Ministry said.
"Japanese nationals holding Employment (E) Visa and their dependents holding 'X' (Entry) visa may be granted residential permit co-terminus with the validity of the Employment/ 'X' Visa as the case may be," the order said.
The decision came three months after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Japan in September.
However, if at any time such a Japanese national proposes to be absent from his or her registered address for a continuous period of eight weeks or more, or is changing the registered address, or is finally departing from India, the person concerned shall, before leaving, inform to the jurisdictional registration officer of his or her intention to leave, either temporarily or permanently.
The Home Ministry has conveyed its decision to all state governments, union territory administrations, Bureau of Immigration and Foreigners Regional Registration Offices (FRROs) for necessary action.
In case a Japanese national is moving to another address in India, the new address should also be intimated to the registration officer.
Japanese nationals who are required to register with the FRRO or Foreigners Registration Officer (FRO) concerned need not be present in person in the FRRO or FRO for initial registration or for subsequent extension of visa or residential permit and this may be done through an authorised representative.
In such cases, the authorised representative should be an official of the company, organisation duly authorised by the company or the organisation with a proper Identity Card, the order said.
There are hundreds of Japanese working in various multinational automobile, electronics and consumer durable companies in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

London Fletcher on Jim Haslett criticism: If he has a problem  Jim knows my numberBy Scott Allen December 8 Follow @ScottSAllen
(John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Former Redskins linebacker and team captain London Fletcher joined The Sports Junkies on 106.7 The Fan on Monday to address his scathing criticism of Redskins defensive coordinator Jim Haslett on Sunday. Speaking on CBS Sports Network’s “That Other Pregame Show,” Fletcher called Haslett a clueless back-stabber and questioned why he still has a job. Fletcher did not back down from those comments on Monday. In fact, he indicated he would say the same thing to Haslett’s face.
“If he has a problem, Jim knows my number,” Fletcher said at the end of the interview. “My number hasn’t changed, man. It’s been the same for, I don’t know, the last eight, nine years.”
In a 20-minute back-and-forth before that, Fletcher elaborated on his dislike of Haslett as a coach and person.
“There are too many to rattle off,” Fletcher said when Junkies co-host Eric Bickel asked him to provide an example of Haslett’s cluelessness. “You talk about, I spent four years with him. Just through the course of a game, where the situation may be third and 20, second and 20, whatever. Maybe there’s a zero blitz call, or some other call that just doesn’t really ideally fit the situation. We end up giving up a big play, end up with points scored by the other team. Next day we’re coming in in the meeting room and there’s lack of accountability, saying, ‘Hey man, that was a bad call on my part.’ As players, everyone knew that was a bad call, but instead of just being accountable about that, that wasn’t something he did.”
Bickel then told Fletcher, who even went after Haslett’s son on Twitter on Sunday, that he thought he was a phony and a back-stabber.
“He protected you when your play fell off,” Bickel said. “You have been chomping at the bit to take this guy down ever since you hung it up. … I’m just completely put off by the way you’ve attacked Jim Haslett personally.”
“I can appreciate your opinion of me as whatever,” Fletcher said. “People are going to feel however they’re going to feel about my statements. For four years, I supported him personally, inside the building and outside the building, unlike him with all the players — whether it’s players, coaches, where he hasn’t done the same thing. People who know, they all agree with me. You can feel however you want to feel about what I said, but one thing you can’t do is say it’s not true and he can’t say it’s not true. It just came to a point where I was watching that Colts game and I continued to see guys running wide open, what, four or five times? There’s nobody in the vicinity of a receiver, play after play, and you continue to hear the same stuff over and over again. One minute it’s the change to a 3-4 defense. Next minute it’s the salary cap. Next minute it’s injuries. Next minute it’s Mike Shanahan. Next minute it’s this. At what point in time do you say, ‘You know what? It’s me. I need to do better.’ … I’ve called some of the guys, draft picks, that he played a major part in [drafting]. One minute he’s their guy, the next minute he’s bashing him behind closed doors. You look at what he did with Mike Shanahan. As soon as he got out the door, what was he saying, while he was in the building and once he got outside the building?”
“So are you saying, London, that Jim Haslett’s a bad guy?” co-host Jason Bishop asked.
“Yeah,” Fletcher said. “What I said is what I said. I’ll give you an example. When he first came to the Redskins, this was about four years ago, five years ago I guess now. This was during the offseason. I received an unsolicited phone call from somebody I respect very well. He asked me about Coach Haslett, asked me what I thought of him. I was like, ‘You know, I think he’s pretty cool.’ We were in the offseason. The first thing out of his mouth was, ‘Watch him, he’s a snake.’ I was kind of taken aback by that and I decided to watch him for four years. It turned out to be true, where I would see him, or hear him talk bad about a player or talk bad about a coach, but then a couple minutes later, he’s buddy-buddy with these guys, and that happened repeatedly. There is nobody who can dispute that. The response that I’ve gotten from people within the organization, or who have dealt with him, has been been, ‘Man, you’re 100 percent right.’ ”
Bickel asked Fletcher why he didn’t choose to take the high road, or address his personal issues with Haslett privately.
“You’re probably right,” Fletcher said. “I decided I didn’t want to handle it that way. I decided to handle it the way he’s handled his NFL [career], the way he’s stabbed people in the back. Let’s go back to when Mike Shanahan left the building. What did you hear Jim Haslett do in his interview? He blamed Mike Shanahan. Let me ask you a question: Who hired Jim Haslett? So why would he disrespect the man who hired him like that. Same thing with [former Rams coach] Scott Linehan. I read an article on Sunday from Jim Thomas. He mentioned how Jim Haslett didn’t care much about Scott Linehan. Who hired Jim Haslett in St. Louis? … I have people who aren’t even in the building coming to me about comments that this guy has made about stuff in Washington. I mean, really, should we continue to keep it behind closed doors? The only thing I did was address the white elephant that’s in the building.”
Fletcher said his dislike for Haslett isn’t based on any of Haslett’s private criticism or coaching of him while he was a player.
“I don’t mind being coached” Fletcher said. “Hey, we all make mistakes or whatever. We all can play better, coach better, whatever the case may be. It was just a situation where I felt like he was a bad coach. That’s one thing. I’ve had good coaches, bad coaches, whatever the case may be. You just deal with them all the same and that’s what it is. I just don’t like the way he handled situations behind closed doors, behind people’s backs repeatedly.”
Fletcher was asked if any of his teammates shared the same opinion about Haslett.
“Absolutely,” Fletcher said. “Guys aren’t dumb. Guys aren’t dumb. When you get to the National Football League, one thing you understand is football. You understand when a guy knows what he’s doing and when a guy doesn’t. One thing I tried to do was make sure, hey, let’s just make this work the best way we can. There would be calls that come in and guys were like, change that call man, or look at it me like, ‘Hey man, this play call man.”
Fletcher explained what he meant Sunday when he said that Haslett lacks attention to detail.
“He puts in hours,” Fletcher said. “NFL coaches they put in a ton of hours. But it’s one thing to come up there and present some information and say, ‘Hey, this is what we’re going to do, this is what they do.’ But it’s the small things that lead to big things. When you see guys running wide open. When you see the same route that the Indianapolis Colts beat you on. The same route the Minnesota Vikings beat you on, the Carolina Panthers beat us on for an 82-yard play a couple years ago. This has happened week in and week out. Instead of addressing the fine points of the scheme, whether it’s, hey, this is your leverage, this is where your eyes need to be, this is where your coverage responsibility is, this is the weakness of that play, just all different things like that, that’s what I mean by attention to detail.”
Fletcher was asked why he re-signed with the team in 2012 if he thought Haslett was such an incompetent coach.
“I really thought hard about it but then they paid me $11 million,” said Fletcher, who later indicated that he was joking about it being all about the money. “The way I looked at it, I looked at it more like what I had established in Washington. I liked playing for Coach Shanahan. I believed in what we were going to achieve. We got [Robert Griffin III] in the draft and we ended up winning a division title.”
Fletcher said he thought the Redskins defense would be better with a different defensive coordinator. He isn’t sure whether Jay Gruden will retain him next season.
“Jay likes him,” Fletcher said. “Jay coached for him in the UFL. He may keep him, I don’t know. He said he’s going to evaluate everything and everyone once the season is over with, and if that’s the case, I don’t see how you can evaluate him and say he’s a keeper, but again, it’s up to Jay to determine that. I’m not privy to that.”
Asked why other teams would be interested in Haslett if the Redskins let him go, Fletcher cited the good-ol’ boy nature of the NFL.
“Just because you’re in the NFL doesn’t mean you’re a great coach,” Fletcher said. “I’ve had great coaches, or better coaches, on the high school level and the collegiate level than some of the coaches I’ve been a part of in the National Football League. That’s just the way it is. Don’t misunderstand; just because someone is in the NFL as a coach  that they’re a great coach. That’s not the case.”
Fletcher rattled off the list of accomplishments of the other defensive coordinators for whom he played in the NFL, including Gregg Williams and Greg Blatche in Washington.
“[Not once] have you ever heard me say anything negative about any of those guys,” said Fletcher, who later indicated that he was nothing but respectful of Haslett before he retired. “I treated him with respect. I wished he would’ve showed the same respect to everybody else. What I’m doing is speaking up for all the players and that coaches that he [disrespected] for the last 20 years.”
Listen to the entire interview here .
(John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Map: Where your Christmas trees come fromBy Christopher Ingraham December 8 Follow @_cingraham
American tree farmers harvested at least 17 million Christmas trees each year, according to the most recent USDA Agricultural Census . And nearly half of these trees -- about 8 million -- come from just six counties in North Carolina and Oregon.
Topping the overall list is Ashe County, North Carolina, which produces just shy of 2 million trees per year. That's nearly 100 for every man, woman and child living there. The Ashe County Christmas Tree Association (motto: "Real Families Choose Real Christmas Trees") boasts that the county is the biggest tree producer east of the Mississippi. But the latest numbers show that Ashe County is now, in fact, the largest producer of trees anywhere in the U.S.
Coming in behind Ashe are four Oregon counties: Clackamas, Marion, Benton and Polk. New England, the mid-Atlantic, and Wisconsin and Michigan are also well-represented in the tree harvest figures. You'll notice that the contours of the map generally comport with the boundaries of the coniferous (green) and mixed (purple) forests in the map of North American forest cover below, from Michigan State University.
Michigan State University
The USDA Census compiles data from farms registering over $1,000 in annual sales, so little mom-and-pop operations that open their back yards to cut-your-own sales once a year probably aren't included above.
For instance, I lived in Vermont for a few years. One Christmas I got a tree from a house down the road, where there was a bucket out front with some saws and twine, and a sign instructing visitors to chop down the tree of their choice and slide a few bucks under the doormat. I never met the owner -- the whole set-up could have been a prank played by cruel neighbors while the residents were on vacation, for all I knew. But regardless, an operation like this wouldn't be included in the USDA's numbers.
Nationally, Christmas tree production is down since 2000 when over 20 million trees were harvested. Sales of real and artificial Christmas trees are essentially flat since 2007, according to numbers compiled by the National Christmas Tree Association , a trade group representing the (real) Christmas tree industry. But artificial trees make up the lion's share of sales, according to a 2013 Nielsen survey  sponsored by the American Christmas Tree Association , a rival trade group representing the (artificial) Christmas tree industry.
It's fun to imagine NCTA and ACTA rumbling like Sharks and Jets at industry events, dance-fighting to holiday music. And overall, the fake tree industry seems to be gaining the upper hand. A 1989 Gallup poll found that Americans preferred real trees to fake ones, 52 percent to 40 percent. Fifteen years later, a 2004 Washington Post/ABC poll found that the share of Americans displaying real trees fell to 37 percent, while those preferring artificial rose to 58 percent. Now the split is 80/20 in favor of fake trees, according to Nielsen .
Christopher Ingraham writes about politics, drug policy and all things data. He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center.

Finger on EVM more powerful than on AK-47: ModiSaluting heroes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Badamibagh headquarters of the Army in Srinagar on Monday.- PTI
Misguided youngsters are now craving for Android 1, says the Prime Minister
Samba (J&K), December 8:  
Three days after the deadly terror attack that killed 11 security personnel, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday said a finger pressed on an EVM is more powerful than the one on an AK-47 trigger, as he asked the people of Jammu and Kashmir to give a decisive mandate to the BJP.
Modi also said here that the resettlement of displaced people is a national responsibility and his government will ensure that those who have been displaced are rehabilitated.
“The finger pressed on an EVM is more powerful than a finger pressed on the trigger of an AK-47,” Modi said addressing an election rally here, ahead of the third round of voting in the State tomorrow.
Polling for the third phase of Assembly elections will be held tomorrow in Jammu and Kashmir.
Modi’s visit comes just three days after a deadly terror attack in Uri by Pakistani terrorists that killed 11 security personnel. He said the misguided youth (terrorists) are now feeling the burden of an AK-47 and craving for (mobile platform) Android 1.
Dynastic rule
He also hit out at what he called the “dynastic rule” in the State and said that J&K needs a stable government.
“You have seen the rule of the father and son. You have seen the rule of the father and daughter. Have they done anything for you?” he said in an indirect reference to National Conference and PDP rule. There is a need for a majority government, a BJP government in J&K, he said.
Modi further said the youth of the State need employment and development, which only the BJP can give. Once again, he did not mention the controversial issue of abrogation of Article 370.
Promising to usher development in the State, he said at a campaign in Srinagar that he considers it his duty to deliver a new Kashmir on the basis of ‘Insaaniyat, Kashmiriyat and Jamhooriyat’ as promised by former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
“I have come here to share your sorrows, not to take anything from you. You have given me a lot of love, what can be greater than that? Atal Bihari Vajpayee made a good start, I have to fulfil Atalji’s dream... he spoke of ‘insaaniyat, kashmiriyat and jamhooriyat’; these are the pillars on which we will build,” he said at an election rally at the Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar.
Referring to the countless opportunities missed by the youth of the State during the turmoil in the last decades, he said he would return the love he received with interest. “Thirty years have passed, two generations have not had employment, I will bring development to Kashmir. I will return the love you have given to me with interest, I will return it with development,” he said.
Talking about his frequent visits to the state, he said: “Elections have just started, but not a month passed by that I haven’t come here to visit you. I came in July, August, September, October, November and I have come in December too. I have come in 2014, and I will also come in 2015 as well.”
Modi also pointed towards the State’s natural beauty and its immense tourism potential which could take it to new heights of development.
He also the Centre has acted against army men responsible for killing two innocent teenagers in Budgam recently, making it the first such action in 30 years.
“An inquiry commission probed the matter and those who fired the bullets were slapped with charges. This is the proof of my good intentions. This has not happened in 30 years. I have come to provide justice to you,” Modi said.
Continuing corruption
Modi further said corruption has destroyed Jammu and Kashmir. “Enough is enough…corruption has destroyed Jammu and Kashmir. Terrorism has ended but corruption has not. The biggest challenge we face is to end corruption. Unless corruption ends, the common man in Kashmir cannot progress,” he said.
Strong voter turnout in early poll rounds show people have rejected violence and seek development, he told a huge campaign rally in Jammu.
“The power that you have is greater than those holding the AK-47,” he said. “He can only kill, while you can change the fortunes of a country with your vote.”
Modi promised to help rebuild Srinagar and nearby areas that suffered the worst flooding this year in more than a century. He said he had turned Kutch in Gujarat into India’s fastest growing district after a devastating earthquake in 2001.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Mr Sikka s game planVishal Sikka's game plan for Infosys
Business Standard Editorial Comment | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 09:38 PM IST
As Vishal Sikka settles down at the head of Infosys, he is slowly unveiling his strategy. The overarching aim: to take it into the future and not keep doing the same old things in the same way with incremental improvements. Mr Sikka has spelt this out by declaring that the company will acquire the technologies of "tomorrow", not "yesterday". Simultaneously, he has pointed to a major shift in focus. Infosys, which has been acquiring a huge cash pile because of its conservative approach to acquisitions, will now reverse gear. It will not go for large concerns that can immediately add to volume, but small innovative start-ups in areas like automation, artificial intelligence and "the internet of things".
Infosys was one of the pioneers in evolving a distributed development model - software "factories" around the world far away from clients. It now seeks to power its teams with collaborative technology, so that these can work more effectively with customers. Eventually, it hopes its established clients will be able to put together their own project teams within Infosys. The use of automation in specific tasks has already cut costs by as much as 40 per cent; but what will the staff do as routine functions get more and more automated? The new aim is to train more, pay better, offer more promotions - even quarterly - and to institutionalise a process of listening to what the staff have to say about issues from gymnasium timings to work practices. With this, Infosys, once a firm with low attrition, will seek to step back from the over 20 per cent attrition level of the last quarter. Simultaneously, it has increased hiring of sales professionals in the United States and Europe who can offer increasingly higher levels of consultation to clients. So the whole strategy rests on three legs - offering cost-effective services to clients, through better trained staff, by using newer technology.
What Mr Sikka plans to do has a clear bearing on where he comes from. He was head of products and innovation in SAP, which created the enterprise solutions serving as the information technology (IT) backbone for many firms. Most fundamentally, he is trying to yank Infosys out of the rut that faces all major Indian IT services providers - the danger of becoming providers of commoditised development and maintenance services that rely on the number of hours and of heads to generate volumes. Hence, Indian IT's cries of protest when the United States tightens rules for issuing visas to those sought to be posted at client sites. If all goes well, Infosys can be at the intersection of services and products with underlying intellectual property. The channel to the latter will be provided by the small technology start-ups that will increasingly be acquired. This scheme of things has improved analysts' perception of the firm.

Poll: Will Gruden  Griffin or Haslett be Redskins next seasonBy Keith McMillan December 8
The Washington Post's Keith McMillan and Dan Steinberg found only duds to talk about in this week's edition of the wrap. The Redskins lost at home, 24-0, to the Rams. (Randolph Smith/The Washington Post)
Here it is another Monday, and onlookers are talking more about what’s going on with the Redskins off the field than on it. To be fair, Sunday’s game action didn’t leave a whole lot to talk about, and the off-field action did.
The latest is ex-defensive captain London Fletcher going on The Sports Junkies this morning and doubling down on his trashing of Jim Haslett , dutifully transcribed by Scott Allen of The D.C. Sports Bog . The comments change some people’s opinion on Haslett, and change some opinions of Fletcher. They might even grease the skids for letting the coordinator go in the offseason, as if games like last week’s against Indianapolis hadn’t done that enough.
Defensive coordinator Jim Haslett. ( Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
Yesterday, copy desk chief Thomas Heleba suggested a ‘who’s more likely to be here next year, Griffin, Gruden or neither?’ poll. In light of Jason Reid’s columns from last week ( For Gruden, the best place for Griffin is elsewhere and Dispute over Griffin could lead to showdown between Gruden and Allen ), the topic was on the minds of those who follow this team.
Here’s Tom’s suggestion, with the defensive coordinator added in, now that fans are talking about his future too. Pick who you think will be here, and you can pick one, two or three options, or select ‘none.’
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered Tuesday in the  Mailbag .
More from The Post:

New paper: Resolution 242 RevisitedBy Eugene Kontorovich December 8
My short new research paper, Resolution 242 Revisited: New Evidence on the Required Scope of Israeli Withdrawal, is now available on SSRN . It is forthcoming in the Chicago Journal of International Law (vol. 16), but is still a working paper, so comments, corrections and the like are particularly appreciated.
Here is the abstract:
United Nations Security Council Resolution 242, passed in November 1967, in the wake of the Six Day War, is widely regarded as among the most important ever. But it’s meaning is also the most debated. The resolution famously called for “Withdrawal of Israel armed forces from territories occupied in the recent conflict.” The meaning of this provision – in particular, the extent of the required withdrawal – has been contested ever since.
This article presents new evidence on the resolution’s meaning – an issue that has gained new relevance amidst current diplomatic efforts for a Security Council resolution that could effectively supersede 242. The article does not engage all the myriad disputes and questions about the resolution, nor aim at a comprehensive evaluation of it. Rather, it adds two important but previously unappreciated dimensions that bear on how 242 should be read.
First, the article examines the meaning of 242’s withdrawal provision by comparing it to all other such territorial withdrawal demands issued by the Security Council. It finds that the language of242 differs notably from the other 18 distinct territorial withdrawal demands, all of which explicitly require a complete withdraw from the territory in question. An examination of these resolutions supports the view that 242’s unusual wording was a meaningful and substantive drafting choice.
Second, the article examines contemporaneous understandings in the United Nations about the rules concerning territorial. Discussions in the International Law Commission, involving the leading international law jurists of the post-WWII era, demonstrates that it was generally agreed that the U.N. Charter introduced a new prohibition on territorial changes as a result of war, a principle referred to in the preamble of 242. Yet the same discussions also make clear that this rule was understood to have significant limitations and exceptions.
Understanding what 242 does and does not require is particularly relevant now, given efforts afoot to pass a new Security Council resolution that would effectively displace 242, and attempt to undo the balance that 242 took between the competing Israeli and Arab interests. (The timing of the paper is quite coincidental, I have been mulling these materials for some time, and the Palestinians did not coordinate their Security Council initiative with me.)
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

FedEx and UPS are doing a better job of delivering your Christmas gifts (so far)By Sarah Halzack December 8 Follow @sarahhalzack
Workers load packages into delivery trucks at the FedEx Express station in Nashville, Tenn. (AP/Mark Humphrey)
FedEx and UPS took plenty of heat last year for failing to get an estimated 2 million packages delivered in time for Christmas.  But so far, it appears the two major carriers are doing a better job this year of helping Santa get gifts under the tree on time.
ShipMatrix, a logistics software firm, analyzed the on-time delivery rates of FedEx and UPS during Thanksgiving week, and each carrier saw significant improvement.  The chart below shows how FedEx and UPS compare on their "raw on-time delivery service."  This is a measure in which ShipMatrix does not factor in weather-related delays or snags such as an incorrect address or a recipient being unavailable to accept their package.  In other words, it's a measure of how well the carriers are delivering packages purely on their own merits.
FedEx notched a 91 percent on-time delivery rate, compared to 83 percent in the same week last year. UPS achieved a 95 percent on-time rate, compared to 89 percent last year.
"The carriers are at the top of their performance level," said Satish Jindel, president of ShipMatrix.
The improvement comes as both carriers stepped up their efforts this year to avoid a repeat of last year's debacle.  FedEx hired 50,000 seasonal workers this year, an increase over the 40,000 it hired last year.  UPS has said it plans to bring on up to 95,000 temporary workers, compared to 85,000 in 2013.
In addition to hiring more workers, FedEx and UPS have been pushing retailers to give them more accurate forecasts for what volume of packages they'll be shipping on what days.  Jindel said that inaccurate forecasting was a crucial reason for the delivery failures at the end of the Christmas season last year:  Retailers badly underestimated how many packages they'd be putting in the shippers' pipeline.
Major retailers have said they worked hard to get it right this year :  A Target spokesman said the big-box retailer had "more detailed conversations" this year with the carriers about their expected package load.  Wal-Mart, meanwhile, started providing holiday shipment projections back to the carriers back in August--a full three weeks earlier than it has in the past.
This data set only covers the period of Nov. 23 through Nov. 29, so many of the online purchases made during Black Thursday and Black Friday promotions would likely have been made too late in the week to be included in this data set.  Data for the following week, which ShipMatrix plans to release soon, should give us a better idea of how the retailers and carriers held up during the busiest online shopping days of the year.
But this data is still instructive in that many retailers began their so-called Black Friday sales earlier in the week, likely luring many holiday shoppers to start nabbing gifts early.
Based on the carriers' holiday season performance to date, ShipMatrix has a forecast that is sure to cheer shopping procrastinators: FedEx and UPS, it predicts, will achieve an on-time delivery rate of 95 percent or better on Christmas Eve.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

Prince William and President Obama talk baby GeorgeBy Helena Andrews December 8 Follow @helena_andrews
The Duke of Cambridge sat down with President Obama in the Oval Office on Monday to discuss illegal wildlife trafficking. Prince William and his wife Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, are on their first official visit to the U.S. since 2011. (AP)
 
If there’s one thing that can break the diplomatic ice between two great countries–or at the very least make a public tete-a-tete a little less awkward–it’s babies. On Monday, Prince William and President Obama found common ground over the “chaos” of first-time fatherhood.
“And last time, I remember when George was born, I forgot to work out whether it was a boy or a girl,” the prince can be heard telling the president in a pool video as the two sat down for a chat in the Oval office. “The excitement of the event and everything else was just chaos.”
“You forgot to ask?” laughed Obama.
“It’s going to be interesting next year,” said the prince. “A busy year next year.” Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge (the former Kate Middleton), is expecting the royal couple’s second child in April.
The White House press corps was allowed in the Oval Office for about five minutes during the royal’s much anticipated visit. William deftly ignored questions from reporters (“You’ve got pretty much every member of the press here,” he quipped) while a photo-ready Obama passed out a few paltry, “Nice to see you’s” and “Thank you’s.” After that journalists were whisked out of the room, presumably so the two men could chat privately.
1 of 59

L&T Infra Finance to raise Rs 450 cr from debenturesL&T Infra Finance to raise Rs 450 cr from debentures
Key indices slide as strong US job data strengthens case of hike in US interest ratesKey indices slide as strong US job data strengthens case of hike in US interest rates
Credit score disciplines retailloan segment: Kotak Bankeconomy, business and finance
The credit score system of Credit Information Bureau (India) Ltd. (CIBIL) is having a positive impact on the individual loan segment as it has brought in lot of financial discipline among customers, Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB) President (Consumer Banking) Shanti Ekambaram said here on Monday.
“While credit offtake is poor on the corporate side due to economic slowdown, consumer loans are doing well.
“Also, we see a lot of discipline in the consumer loan segment on account of CIBIL score system. Delinquencies have fallen and repayments have improved,” she said.
The CIBIL score is primarily used to judge the credit worthiness of an individual. It helps to find out if one is a disciplined or non-disciplined borrower.
"As CIBIL score has become an integral part for loans sanctions, people are now more conscious of clearing their past negative history. So, this has helped recovery of dues.
Also, with more awareness, people don’t want to have a low score on their credit history. So, overall, the CIBIL score system has brought in some culture of financial discipline in the retail loan segment,’’ she added.
She said the bank expected to end the current fiscal with 18 per cent growth in its consumer banking business. During second quarter of this fiscal, its assets in the consumer banking segment grew by 18 per cent at Rs.18,308 crore.
Home loans and LAP (loan against property) accounted for 70 per cent. The rest was contributed by small business, personal loans, credit cards and others.
New scheme for 55-plus
Earlier, Ms. Ekambaram announced the launch of bank’s new savings bank account scheme meant for people in the age group of 55 plus.
Some of the features of the new scheme are cash-back offers, customised cash delivery as per customer’s convenience at his/her home on a pre-selected date, net banking and mobile banking.
The minimum balance for this segment of customers will be Rs.10,000.

http://usat.ly/1ua75unVenture capital is facing up to its diversity problem
Trade group is forming a diversity task force. Seven out of 11 members are white men.
Post to Facebook
Venture capital is facing up to its diversity problem Trade group is forming a diversity task force. Seven out of 11 members are white men. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8r54e
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Venture capital is facing up to its diversity problem
Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 4:47 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
Venture capital firms control the spigot of wealth in high-tech.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
111 CONNECT 201 TWEET 61 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — For decades the venture capital industry —  made up almost entirely of white men —  has had the distinction of being the most exclusive club in Silicon Valley.
Now the financiers who have funded some of the world's most powerful companies and minted hundreds of billionaires are trying to face up to their diversity problem.
The trade group for the venture capital industry said Monday it is forming a task force to brainstorm ways to bring aboard more women and minorities.
It's pledging to hold a series of public events in 2015 to solicit ideas on how to increase diversity in venture capital.
Kate Mitchell of Scale Venture Partners, who is serving as co-chair of the task force, said in an interview that the National Venture Capital Association is committed to "moving the needle on this."
"Silicon Valley is about solving hard problems, and this is a hard problem," she said. "We have to acknowledge that this is only a first step. We have to make a long-term commitment."
Yet even the task force the National Venture Capital Association has appointed to promote diversity is not diverse.
Seven of 11 members are white men. Three are women. There are no African Americans or Hispanics on the task force.
Mitchell says the make-up of the task force reflects the leadership of the trade group.
"I love the idea that the white guys were clamoring to be on it. This is not a check-the-box commission," she said. "We wanted the leaders of the industry to put their stamp on it."
Mitch Kapor, the Lotus Development Corp. founder and Silicon Valley veteran who runs the Kapor Center for Social Impact in Oakland, says the task force should represent where venture capital "wants to get to, not where they are."
"There is something very important about the industry coming to resemble the community it is trying to serve," Kapor said. "If you want to know at a deep level why there aren't more African Americans and Latinos in venture capital ranks then bring them to the table. That's extremely important."
The task force is being created as the technology industry is taking increasing fire for its entrenched lack of diversity.
Women, blacks and Hispanics have been largely left out of one of the world's greatest wealth creation machines.
Nowhere is that lack of diversity more evident than in venture capital firms, which control the spigot of wealth in high-tech.
"Venture capital is the last bastion of the boys club in the tech industry," said Stanford University fellow Vivek Wadhwa, author of Innovating Women: The Changing Face of Technology.
Studies consistently show that venture capitalists are predominantly white men who in turn mostly fund companies started and run by other men.
The venture capital industry has resisted calls to increase the number of women and minorities in its ranks and to fund more companies started by women and minorities.
Observers say hidden or unconscious bias from people in position of power who hire from their immediate circles rather than casting a wider net is largely responsible for the gender and racial gap in venture capital.
Patterns have emerged over time. White and Asian men have become the stereotypical image of a Silicon Valley engineer or entrepreneur and therefore are more likely to get funded. Venture capital firms hire successful entrepreneurs and executives as partners.
Venture capital, like the broader technology industry, is slowly responding to growing social and economic pressure to change — and with good reason, Wadhwa said.
As high-tech companies serve an increasingly diverse and global marketplace, historically underrepresented groups are becoming key to future growth in the sector, he said.
Venture capitalists have begun to realize they risk becoming dangerously out of touch with the majority of consumers, he said.
"The venture capital system is producing lower returns than the stock markets because you've got people investing in people just like themselves," he said. "If these firms don't have any women, African Americans or Latinos, how can they understand what companies to build and invest in?"
Just a tiny percentage of venture capitalists are black or Hispanic. And women are not even holding their ground in venture capital firms; they are losing it.
A recent study from Babson College shows that the proportion of women partners in U.S. venture capital firms declined to 6% in 2014 from 10% in 1999.
"I am always the only black person at any pitch, any event or any meeting period," said Richard Kerby, a senior associate with Venrock.
That lack of diversity puts women and minorities in Silicon Valley at a distinct disadvantage, perpetuating the problem, Kerby said.
Silicon Valley is awash in war stories from women and minorities who have tried and failed to get funding from venture capital firms.
A report in 2010 by CB Insights found that fewer than 1% of venture capital-backed Internet companies were founded by African Americans.
Babson College survey found that 2.7% of the 6,517 companies that received venture funding from 2011 to 2013 had a female CEO.
"The whole venture game is relationship based," Kerby said. "Black people are not friends with and do not have 50-year-old white men in their networks, so they are not going to have access to firms to hear a pitch, let alone write a check."
Kapor says venture capitalists tell him all the time that they are "color blind" when funding companies. He's not sure they are ready to let go of a deeply rooted sense that Silicon Valley is a meritocracy.
"At this point, doing something is almost obligatory given the numbers in venture capital are even worse than in the tech industry. Not doing anything would be seen as a public relations disaster," Kapor said. "The real question is: Are they going to do something substantive and is there a real willingness to re-examine their fundamental assumptions? The burden is really on the venture capital community to show and demonstrate in a substantive way they are serious about this."

Delhi rape: Is travelling in cabs safe anymoreHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Delhi rape: Government releases list of certified taxi providers  bans non-licensed cabs29
1
New Delhi: The Delhi government has issued a public notice to inform the cabs who are certified by the administrative bodies.
The list of cabs allowed on roads of national capital include Easy Cab, Mega ,Meru, Chanson , Yo Cab and Air Cab. The named cab are only licensed with transport department for operating radio taxi services in Delhi and NCR.
All other transport and taxi service provider through web based technology who are not recognized are prohibited from providing such service in Delhi till they get license.
#cabs #taxi #certificate #licence
The notice came days after a 32-year-old cab driver was arrested from his hometown in Uttar Pradesh's Mathura after he allegedly raped a woman at around on Friday when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was heading back home in north Delhi's Inderlok area.
After #Uber Ola and others prohibited from plying in Delhi till such a time they get license for the same pic.twitter.com/3URcnCrsAY
— Subhajit Sengupta (@SubhajitSG) December 8, 2014
11

Gold firms as shares fall  steadier dollar caps gainsGold firms as shares fall  steadier dollar caps gains
Obama meets Prince William at White HouseObama meets Prince William at White House
Rajapaksa  Sirisena file nominations as countdown begins for pollsUpdated: December 8, 2014 23:39 IST
SRI Lanka presidential polls
Rajapaksa, Sirisena file nominations as countdown begins for polls
Meera Srinivasan
Tweet
AP
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa waves to supporters as he arrives to hand over nomination papers in Colombo on Monday.
AP
Sri Lankan presidential candidate of the common opposition Maithripala Sirisena, center wearing spectacles, is surrounded by his supporters as he leaves after filing his nomination papers, in Colombo on Monday.
TOPICS
national elections
The countdown for Sri Lanka’s presidential polls officially began on Monday with 19 candidates, including incumbent Mahinda Rajapaksa and joint opposition candidate Maithripala Sirisena, filing their nominations for the January 8 contest.
Mr. Rajapaksa, who has two more years remaining in his current second term, on November 20 called early elections due to his reportedly waning popularity. 
Apprehensions within the ruling coalition are said to have grown after the Rajapaksa-led United People’s Freedom Alliance (UPFA) won a provincial election in September only by a narrow margin.
No minority support
The President is unlikely to get much support from a majority of the Northern Tamils, with concerns over militarisation, heavy surveillance and their unfulfilled demand for substantive devolution of power looming large.
More recently, sections among Muslims have also been voicing concern over threats to religious freedom, manifesting themselves through attacks on Muslim-owned establishments and places of worship, reportedly by hard-line Sinhala Buddhist groups.
Mr. Rajapaksa is banking on his traditional support base in the island’s South, where many see him as the leader who managed to crush the rebel Tigers and terminate the country’s protracted war. “My people in the villages won’t let me down,” the President reportedly told editors of local media in a recent meeting, referring to his Sinhala-Buddhist constituency.
Critics however note that sections among the Sinhalese too are disillusioned, with mounting charges of nepotism and corruption in the government and an apparently shrinking democratic space. 
Opposition challenge
President Rajapaksa’s principal challenger, Maithripala Sirisena, has begun to highlight some of these issues, in addition to promising to abolish executive presidency.
“This is a battle between wealth and might, and the power of the people. The might of weapons has no power against people’s power,” said common candidate Sirisena at a press conference on Monday. A Minister in Mr. Rajapaksa’s Cabinet until mid-November,
Mr. Sirisena, along with his colleague Rajitha Senaratne, crossed over to the common platform which is now backed by former president Chandrika Kumaratunga, the United National Party (UNP) — the main opposition — and the Sinhala nationalist Jathika Hela Urumaya or the National Heritage Party. Mr. Sirisena’s move is said to have been least expected in circles close the President.  The Tamil National Alliance and the Sri Lanka Muslim Congress are yet to announce their stance. 
The ruling party’s election refrain is largely centred on having brought the war to an end and having invested in the country’s infrastructure development, even as the country faces a U.N. probe into allegations of war crimes. 
Posters of a beaming Rajapaksa dotted many Colombo roads. On Monday, exactly a month ahead of the elections, all English and Sinhala newspapers in Sri Lanka featured a front-page promotion that sought to remind readers of Mr. Rajapaksa’s war victory. 
The Tamil papers, in turn, had a full page advertisement feature on the President re-launching the Yal Devi train to Jaffna in October this year, in line with the government’s claims of development in the war-torn North. 
The joint opposition appears to be aiming to consolidate the dissenting voices among the country’s Sinhala majority while simultaneously eyeing the prospect of support from minority parties.  Nearly 15 million people are eligible to vote in the upcoming elections, which is beginning to look like a close contest. 

FMHR Final Trade: AMTD breaking outfmhr final trade: amtd breaking out
Why Dems dont support Obamas free trade dealBy David Nakamura December 8 Follow @davidnakamura
House Democrats from the nation's manufacturing heartland are vowing to fight President Obama's push for a major trade deal in the Asia Pacific, saying the pact will harm U.S. jobs and charging that the administration has not been transparent with Congress in its negotiations.
"The administration refuses to change its approach to secret negotiations and is pushing to send a final package to Congress with almost no ability for us to scrutinize it," Rep. Rosa DeLauro (D-Conn.) said Monday on a conference call with reporters. "Enough is enough: no more offshoring, no more NAFTA-style trade deals."
Rep. Rosa DeLauro (D-Conn.) at the The Washington Post Live Conference on Childhood Obesity in Washington in September 2013. (Photograph by Jeffrey MacMillan)
Rep. Tim Ryan (D-Ohio) said that unless the administration made significant changes to the proposed deal, including new protections on currency manipulation, Democrats would "fight the administration tooth and nail on this."
The opposition from Obama's own party, and a significant portion of his liberal base, has presented a conundrum for the White House as it pursues the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), which is the economic centerpiece of the administration's strategy to re-balance U.S. attention and resources to Asia . Negotiators from the 12 countries are in Washington this week for another round of talks in hopes of making progress toward an agreement in principle this coming spring.
White House advisers said they believe there could be more support for the trade pact in the new Congress because Republicans, who will take control of the Senate, are generally more supportive of free trade agreements. Last week, Obama touted the pact during an appearance with business leaders in Washington, calling on opponents not to "fight the last war" against previous trade pacts such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). He said those who oppose the deal are in favor of maintaining the "status quo," a remark that angered labor unions and some Democrats.
The administration has said the proposed pact, which would encompass nations representing 30 percent of the world's gross domestic product, would increase U.S. exports by lowering tariffs, while also imposing higher labor and environmental standards on other nations. But opponents said they fear that the deal will lead to more outsourcing of U.S. manufacturing and agricultural jobs.
"The notion that any of us are wedded to the status quo is false," said Rep. Dan Kildee (D-Mich.). "All of us agreed that in a period of globalization we want trade to be more free and clear. But to me the status quo is continuing to accept a paradigm that allows an agreement to be negotiated without Congress's role being considered."
With the topsy-turvy alliances in play, the first political test for Obama is expected to come early next year: The administration has vowed to work with Republicans to pass a measure that would give Obama fast-track authority to cut a deal with the other nations that could not be changed by lawmakers before a vote in Congress. Such a measure is considered crucial, administration officials say, because other nations need confidence that the U.S. will bring its best and final offer to the negotiating table.
But the Democratic Congress members said Obama administration trade negotiators have not been forthright in explaining what is in the deal, so they are opposed to granting Obama the fast-track authority. U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman's office said he and his staff have held more than 1,500 meetings and discussions with members of both political parties since the TPP talks began in earnest several years ago.
DeLauro and other House Democrats met last week with Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) to discuss strategy in opposing the TPP. Obama would need Democratic votes in the Senate for a bill to go forward.
"This administration has done more public dialogue and outreach on TPP than on any other trade agreement in U.S. history, including providing every member of Congress with access to the text of negotiations," USTR spokesman Matthew McAlvanah said Monday.
 
David Nakamura covers the White House. He has previously covered sports, education and city government and reported from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Japan.

Bowler who felled Phil Hughes set for comebackMore
Sean Abbott set for return after Hughes tragedy
There were fears that the young fast bowler may have been too traumatised to play again after Hughes died from being hit by one of his bouncers at the Sydney Cricket Ground last month.
AFP –  Mon 8 Dec, 2014 11:29 AM IST
Tweet
0
Sean Abbott , who delivered the ball that killed Australian batsman Phillip Hughes , is set to return to action after being named Monday in the New South Wales squad.
There were fears that the young fast bowler may have been too traumatised to play again after Hughes died from being hit by one of his bouncers at the Sydney Cricket Ground last month.
Abbott during Monday's nets. But he was included in a 12-man squad to play Queensland in a Sheffield Shield fixture in Sydney from Tuesday.
Abbott attended Hughes's funeral last week and many people around the cricket world have expressed solidarity with the 22-year-old following the freak accident.
"Brilliant News...The whole #cricketfamily are right behind you Sean...," said former England captain Michael Vaughan on Twitter in reaction to Abbott being selected.
NSW captain Moises Henriques said the bowler was holding up well.
"He's coping pretty well," Henriques told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
"I guess from our point of view as fellow players, we're trying to expel his name from the tragedy a little bit, because in my opinion I don't think he's any more at fault than any other fast bowler who's ever bowled a bouncer in his career.
"We're actually trying to remove his name from everything that's happened, and just treat him as another one of the players."
Several of the New South Wales squad were on the field when Hughes collapsed, and coach Trevor Bayliss said the Queensland match was not about winning.
"It's not about the result in this match, it's about getting the guys back on the paddock and looking after their future," he told reporters.
"This game is about getting back and doing the things they've done in the past and getting back into the groove of playing high-level cricket."
Abbott's return coincides with Australia facing India in the delayed first Test at Adelaide, with a number of tributes planned.
The Australian players will wear Hughes' Test cap number 408 on their shirts during the match, and black armbands in honour of their former team-mate.
Prior to the start of play on Tuesday, the Australian and Indian teams will stand before a large 408 painted on the playing surface as they observe a video tribute, narrated by former Australia Test captain and prominent commentator Richie Benaud.
Hughes, 25, died on November 27 from bleeding on the brain, two days after being knocked unconscious by the Abbott bouncer, plunging the cricket world into mourning.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Red sanders seizure: court cancels relief granted to kingpinRed sanders seizure: court cancels relief granted to kingpin
TC discusses Trai recommendations on spectrum pricingTC discusses Trai recommendations on spectrum pricing
India keeps current account gap in check despite easing of gold import curbsIndia keeps current account gap in check despite easing of gold import curbs
Actually many scared investors or traders are out of rally from wockha...Platinum Member
263 Followers
Check all my Predicted Call in the Recent Past.......You will get to know my accuracy.....about Wockhardt......What do u know about them ?? They have Plant at Aurangabad Chikalthana MIDC.....near N-5 CIDCO Corner.....I have Visited there Several times.....it`s Really Unclean and Worst.....In the Dreams also then won`t get approval from USFDA for that Plant.....
In reply to : rishithegreat message
2.32 PM Dec 8th

Would you mind paying some attention to your english before commenting...Silver Member
9 Followers
Dear Bhongya - this is exactly what investors like us are betting on - we have been holding since august 2013 at 450 and have already doubled our investment. But it is pending buyers like you and institutions like mutual funds/fiis that will take the price even further once the mhra/fda approvals come in. Thank you - u are exactly the buyer to whom we will sell once our investment has tripled - Thanks again for waiting and being the late buyer only after approval and Cheers !!
In reply to : bhongya message
5.27 PM Dec 8th

Gail is looking to buy 9 new lpg carriers. when they floated the tende...Platinum Member
67 Followers
GAIL is looking to buy 9 new LPG carriers. When they floated the tender for this, they got poor response because they had a tag of `atleast 3 ships to be made in india`. Why cant they look at buying from Varun..
In reply to : Stock Tracker message
11.54 PM Dec 8th

It can go down to 480/- tomorrowCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

