The Modi-Sharif handshake at SAARC summit in Kathmandupicture  others
The Modi-Sharif handshake at SAARC summit in Kathmandu
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif at the 18th SAARC Summit in Kathmandu, Nepal on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday exchanged pleasantries with Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif during the SAARC retreat in Nepal. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other SAARC leaders with their delegations during the 18th SAARC Summit. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other SAARC leaders with their delegations in Nepal. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi along with other SAARC leaders during the 18th SAARC Summit in Dhulikhel, Nepal on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Related

Air India starts new fare war  offers discounts on global routesTigerair, Axis Bank to offer one-way free ticket from Singapore
Triggering a fresh round of fare war on international routes, national carrier Air India today announced limited-period heavily discounted two-way fares on select global flights, starting Rs 19,999 ahead of the winter holiday rush.
Inclusive return fares under the Short-Term Global Winter Sale Bonanza, which covers some of the major global destinations across the US, Europe, Far East, Australia, China, Russia, Singapore and Thailand, are available for sale from November 26 to December 2 for travel up to November 15, 2015, Air India said in a release.
Under the winter special offer, fares for Delhi-Chicago /New York and Delhi-Melbourne/Sydney routes have fares have been cut down to Rs 49,999 while for the Delhi-Rome/Milan/Frankfurt/Paris/London and Birmingham routes to as low as Rs 39,999, Air India said.
Similarly, the fares for a journey to Tokyo/Osaka/Seoul from Delhi have been slashed to Rs 39,999 while for Bangkok/Singapore the fares from Delhi have been reduced to Rs 19,999, Air India said.
TAGS: Air India Aviation
More from companies

Black Friday shopping begins ThursdayComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Retailers work to get shoppers back in storesRetailers work to get Black Friday shoppers back in stores
Please enable flash to watch this video.
Your browser does not currently support live streaming video.
- Retailers are using new techniques to bring shoppers into their stores and away from their computer screen on Black Friday. ()
RELATED LINKS
- Retailers are using new techniques to bring shoppers into their stores and away from their computer screen on Black Friday. ()
Retailers work to get Black Friday shoppers back in stores (1:59)
Playlist Top News

UGC member attacks Smriti IraniAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
University Grants Commission (UGC) Member M M Ansari yesterday hit out at HRD Minister Smriti Irani accusing her of “abruptly” discontinuing mid-session teaching of German language in Central schools and said her tenure so far as been “far from satisfactory”.
He said he was not bothered about the possible fallout of his open outburst against Irani as “everyone is concerned about the performance of the Ministry but nobody is talking about it”.
The minister’s office refused to comment on his allegations.
Ansari said she has failed to announce a single scheme or measure that will strengthen the education sector or carry out institutional reforms that will impact the quality of education.
“All that she has done is announcement of new institutes and scholarship programmes that are discriminatory in nature and will further burden the system facing shortage of faculty and quality.
“Judging by her performance, nothing much is happening….it has been far from satisfactory,” he said.
In this context, he recalled a statement by Irani during the row over her educational qualification that the country will judge her by her performance.
Ansari, who had earlier been critical of the way the Ministry directed University Grants Commission (UGC) to rollback the controversial ‘four year undergraduate programme’ of Delhi University, maintained that a similar stand was taken to discontinue the German programme mid-session.
“You could have done it (to discontinue) but it has to have its own timings,” he said, underlining the difficulties faced by students following the decision.
TAGS: M M Ansari Smriti Irani
More from miscellaneous

8 fat-burning drinks to boost weight lossPrev Next
Fat free milk
Adding moderate amounts of skimmed milk at regular intervals in your daily diet can help you to accelerate your weight loss process. Being rich in calcium, it can trigger faster dissolution on fat cells in the body. So, this will help you to lose a few inches as well. It is also rich in other essential nutrients, which boost your metabolism.
Fat free milk
Adding moderate amounts of skimmed milk at regular intervals in your daily diet can help you to accelerate your weight loss process. Being rich in calcium, it can trigger faster dissolution on fat cells in the body. So, this will help you to lose a few inches as well. It is also rich in other essential nutrients, which boost your metabolism.

Sonam Kapoor turns punk bride for Dolly Ki DoliWritten by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Wali Ahmad | Mumbai |
Posted: November 28, 2014 11:03 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 9:36 am
Trust Sonam Kapoor to put a spin on things, and the lass will never let you down.
In her first look from the upcoming film, ‘Dolly Ki Doli’, the actress looks every bit the cool, sporty bride. The poster features Sonam dressed in a gorgeous Anita Dongre lehenga, finishing off her bridal look with a black leather jacket, sneakers and shades.
The teaser of the Arbaaz Khan production was released on Thursday (November 27). Though it didn’t feature the fashionista, it revealed three suitors for the punk bride with ‘Dolly’ tattoos on their arms.
Directed by debutante Abhishek Dogra, ‘Dolly Ki Doli’ has ‘Fukrey’ actor Pulki Samrat, Rajkummar Rao from ‘CityLights’ and Varun Sharma, also from ‘Fukrey’, playing the three men vying to marry the diva.
The film will also feature a special appearance by Saif Ali Khan and a dance number by Malaika Arora Khan.
‘Dolly Ki Doli’ is slated hit cinemas on February 6.

BSE market capitalisation tops Rs. 100 trillionUpdated: November 29, 2014 21:09 IST
BSE market capitalisation crosses Rs. 100 lakh crore
Oommen A. Ninan
Tweet
AP
In terms of total market capitalisation of all listed companies on the Bombay Stock Exchange, the overall investor wealth in the Indian stock market rose to Rs. 100.01 lakh crore on Friday morning. File photo
TOPICS
stock exchanges
Investor wealth grows 10 times in a decade
Market capitalisation of all listed companies on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), Asia first stock exchange, reached historic milestone of Rs. 100 lakh crore-mark on Friday for the first time.
The landmark level was reached in early morning trades when the market capitalisation (m-cap) touched Rs.100.01 lakh crore. However it slipped marginally below that level to close at Rs. 99,81,572 crore.
The benchmark 30-share Sensitive Index (Sensex) closed at 28693.99 with a gain of 255.08 points or 0.90 per cent. It touched an intra-day high of 28822.37, a record high surpassing the previous high of 28541.96 on November 24.
This achievement is a reflection of India's growth potential as seen from the foreign investor’s perspective as well as the competitiveness of Indian entrepreneurs to manage world class organisations, said Ashishkumar Chauhan, MD & CEO, BSE.
“How do we use stock market as a tool for catalysing industrial activity and create 30 crore new jobs over the next 20 years. Job creation is the most pressing issue India needs to resolve in the next 20 years. Stock markets can play a huge role in job creation”, said Mr. Chauhan, while talking to The Hindu.
“It has taken India and BSE 140 years to reach this milestone of Rs.100 lakh crore market capitalisation. However, given India's potential, the country should be able to achieve multiple times Rs. 100 lakh crore market capitalisation in time to come. In that sense, India has a long way to go on the path of job creation and wealth creation” Mr. Chauhan added. BSE has also increased its market share due to its faster technology which it introduced in April 2014. BSE launched its equity trading platform software ‘BOLT Plus’. This trading system is based on T7, the global trading architecture of Deutsche Bourse AG. One of the key features of the system is its response time of approximately 200 micro seconds, making it the fastest trading platform in the country. BSE's new technology, which is open source and low cost, can handle five lakh orders per second.
This cements India's place further as a growing world economic power. I believe this gets India to roughly 2.5 per cent of the world market cap and the ninth largest equity market globally. And if the new Government delivers on the economic front then one can see India rise further, given not too many countries are showing the growth/investment potential,” said Aashish Kamat, CEO of UBS.

Badaun sisters   gangrape : How it all happenedAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
In concluding that the two teenaged girls who were found hanging from a tree in Badaun in Uttar Pradesh were not gangraped and murdered, CBI has deconstructed a chain of events to support its theory.
On the basis of grilling of main witness Nazru, also a distant relative of the girls, and other villagers, CBI pieced together the chain of events which led to the alleged suicide as concluded by it.
Giving events of May 27 when the girls went missing, CBI sources said the elder girl had an affair with local boy Pappu while her younger cousin was in know of it.
The sources said on May 27 morning, the younger sister called up Pappu from a mobile owned by the family demanding Rs 200 for a visiting a local fair to which the boy agreed and asked the sisters to come to a secluded spot for meeting.
During the day, the girls went to fair which was to continue for some more days.
In the evening around 9.30, the couple met behind the girls’ outhouse in the shield of some hutments while younger sister was on the watch.
The CBI sources claimed that while they were about to enter in amorous activities, they were spotted by Nazru, who entered into a scuffle with the boy and threatened to expose the couple as he escaped from the scene.
While girls belonged to a dominant caste in the village with their community constituting about 25 per cent of population, the boy’s community was about four per cent.
After the incident, the girls, Pappu and Nazru fled from the scene. Pappu went to his home, while girls hid in fields, they claimed.
The sources said, meanwhile, Nazru reached the girls house but did not reveal that he spotted them with Pappu. Instead he raised a false alarm of thieves in the village to mobilise villagers.
“Nazru told us that he knew the action of the couple was consensual. He feared that the girls might put blame on him to save Pappu thus bringing him bad name. So he mobilised the villagers but did not reveal he spotted at the girls with Pappu,” a senior CBI official said.
The sources said during the commotion around 9.30 PM, women of the victims’ family realised that the girls who had gone on the pretext of relieving themselves, had not returned home. When this came to light, Nazru allegedly lied and said he saw Pappu forcibly taking the girls.
The family along with other villagers, started a massive search operation during which Nazru and one more person went to Pappu’s house looking for the girls but did not find them although the boy was at his home with his brothers.
The phones of the girl got switched off at 9.30 PM, while the search was going on, giving clue to CBI that they were alive till this time.
The phone was switched on around 11.40 pm for 12 seconds on which, CBI believes, the girls saw several missed calls, panicked and decided to end their lives feeling that their activities have been busted.
During the frantic search operation, one of the villagers around 1 am told the family that he had seen younger girl speaking to someone over phone in the morning for quite some time. The family brought the phone, which had call recording facility, and listened to conversation in front of 15 people at 1.15 AM which showed a friendly conversation with Pappu.
The villagers then approached the police at about two in the wee hours alleging that Pappu had abducted their daughters. Nazru also told the police that when he had objected, Pappu showed a country made pistol which CBI said was a lie.
The police wanted to question Nazru but the family and one of the villagers started raising issue that they are being harassed by police and proceeded to approach higher authorities in Badaun town.
At about five in the morning when they were on the way to Badaun town, they received a call that bodies of the girls have been found hanging from a mango tree.
TAGS: Rape Uttar Pradesh
More from miscellaneous

Scotland to get new powers after rejecting separationBy: Associated Press | London |
Posted: November 28, 2014 12:55 pm
Britain’s main political parties agreed Thursday to grant Scotland new tax and spending powers to fulfill a promise of greater autonomy made as politicians scrambled to persuade Scots to reject independence in a recent referendum. The plans are unlikely to satisfy hard-core Scottish nationalists, but could have far-reaching consequences, taking Britain toward a looser, more federated state.
In a September 18 referendum, 55 percent of Scottish voters opted to remain in the United Kingdom, while 45 percent voted to leave. Since then a commission of politicians from Scotland and the rest of Britain has been thrashing out proposals to fulfill the promise made by anti-independence forces in the final weeks of the campaign, as polls showed rising support for separation.
A plan published Thursday would give the Edinburgh-based Scottish parliament, established in 1999, the power to set income tax rates and keep the revenue in Scottish coffers. Scotland would also gain new control over welfare spending.
Prime Minister David Cameron said the proposals kept a promise he’d made during the referendum campaign, “that a No vote did not mean no change.” But John Swinney, deputy leader of Scotland’s pro-independence administration, said the powers fell short of what Scottish people wanted. “Under these proposals, less than 30 percent of our taxes will be set in Scotland and less than 20 percent of welfare spending will be devolved to Scotland,” he said.
The proposals will be introduced as legislation in Parliament in January. They could open a constitutional can of worms, boosting calls for other British regions, and even major cities, also to be given tax-raising powers.
Cameron also promised to introduce a contentious proposal for “English votes for English laws.” It is intended to address a quirk of Britain’s political system that means Scottish lawmakers in the House of Commons can vote on policies that only affect England.

Violence in China continued despite crackdownBy: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: November 28, 2014 1:17 pm
Chinese authorities say in a six-month report card on their security crackdown in Xinjiang that they busted 115 terrorist gangs before they could unleash violence. But tallies of death tolls in the ethnically tense region suggest the violence has continued, and may even have intensified.
Information from the region is routinely suppressed so experts caution against any firm conclusions about the level of violence in the far western region that is home to 10 million members of the Muslim Uighur minority, who chafe under what they consider suppression by China’s ethnic majority Han. However, both Chinese state-run media and foreign outlets who monitor Xinjiang have continued to report a stream of deadly clashes.
“It’s safe to say that violence has continued roughly as it was before this latest crackdown, if not with greater intensity,” said Rian Thum, an assistant professor specializing in Uighur history at Loyola University New Orleans. Chinese state media outlets have reported at least 175 deaths in the past six months in eight violent incidents, including a massive attack on local government facilities that left 96 dead. That compares with 46 reported killed during the same period last year.
Rian Thum’s own tally drawn from reports by the U.S. government-funded Radio Free Asia showed an even higher toll for the period, about 200 this year compared to roughly 50 the previous year.
Beijing blames the violence on separatist terrorists fueled by religious extremism and with ties abroad, and argues that it has invested generously to boost Xinjiang’s economy and improve its quality of life. Critics attribute the violence to home-grown disgruntlement over local corruption and an influx of Hans who have brought economic development that has not equally benefited Uighurs.
In May, Beijing announced a one-year security clampdown in Xinjiang following a series of high-profile attacks on civilians blamed on Uighurs, both in Xinjiang and elsewhere. That came on top of heightened security measures in place since deadly riots broke out in the Xinjiang capital of Urumqi in 2009.
A six-month report card on the campaign published on the Xinjiang government’s official news site this week focused on prosecution data. It said authorities detained 334 suspects and prosecuted 294 cases of sharing online terrorism-promoting audios and video, and seized 18,000 copies of illegal religious books.

Clarke  Hughes  sister Megan comfort AbbottPrint
Michael Clarke (C) leaves a news conference after making a statement on the death of teammate Phillip Hughes, alongside Cricket Australia team doctor Peter Brukner (L) and Cricket Australia Chief Executive James Sutherland, at St Vincent's Hospital in Sydney (Source: Reuters)
By: Associated Press | Sydney |
Posted: November 28, 2014 11:38 am
Phillip Hughes’ sister has joined in an outpouring of support for young fast bowler Sean Abbott , who unleashed the delivery which felled the Australian cricket star three days ago.
Former test fast bowler Jason Gillespie told Australia’s Fox Sports on Friday the 22-year-old Abbott was “absolutely shaken and broken at the moment” as he dealt with the tragic accident which ended Hughes’ life . His fateful “bouncer” was the kind of short-pitch delivery that gets bowled dozens of times in every senior match, usually without any problems.
Abbott visited the Sydney hospital where Hughes died Thursday and was comforted by Australia captain Michael Clarke and Hughes’ sister, Megan.
Cricket Australia on Friday pledged continuing support for Abbott as cricketers around the world offered sympathy and encouragement for the young paceman.
“I had a chat to him last night and I was incredibly impressed by the way he was holding himself and his maturity,” Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland said Friday. “But the point is this not a moment-in-time thing. This is a grieving process that will affect people in different ways. What we will do and the relevant experts will do is provide Sean with the support he needs.”
The Australian Cricket Players’ Association said Abbott was being counseled and closely monitored.
“He has got a lot of support around him from his teammates and also the counseling services,” ACA chief executive Alistair Nicholson said. “He’s someone who we’re monitoring closely and we know he’s got a lot of support around him.”
Australia team doctor Peter Brukner said Clarke had spent a significant amount of time with Abbott at Sydney’s St. Vincent’s Hospital on Thursday.
“Phillip’s sister, Megan, also came and spent significant time with Sean,” Brukner said. “Obviously what Sean has gone through is an incredibly traumatic experience, as it has been for everyone present on the field that day.”
Former Australia fast bowler Stuart Clark took time to speak to Abbott.
“It will be the hardest for him when it’s quiet and there’s nothing happening,” Clarke told Australia’s Sky Sports Radio. “When he’s sitting at home at night before he goes to bed. That’s, I think, when the thoughts will start recurring in his mind.”
“You worry that this could jeopardize Sean Abbott and his cricket career and we don’t want that.”
Former Australia captain Mark Taylor said Abbott should continued…

Unnati Fortune ropes in Priyanka Chopra as brand ambassadorRealty firm Unnati Fortune Group has roped in Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra as the brand ambassador of the company.
The Noida-based company is constructing two housing projects in the city at present.
In a statement, Unnati Fortune Group CMD Anil Mithas said the company has appointed “remarkably talented Priyanka Chopra as our brand ambassador”.
The company would soon roll out marketing and promotional campaigns featuring Priyanka Chopra.
“Unnati Fortune Group is a brand that stands for cutting-edge innovation, quality and timely-delivery…it is a great privilege for me to be associated with them,” Chopra said in the statement.
TAGS: Priyanka Chopra
More from companies

A Must Look! Hrithik Roshan woos Arpita Khan at her wedding receptionWritten by Sonal Gera , Edited by Wali Ahmad | New Delhi |
Posted: November 28, 2014 1:21 pm | Updated: November 28, 2014 5:43 pm
You just cannot miss this! You must have seen Hrithik Roshan wooing actresses in Bollywood movies and asking them to ‘Kaho Na Pyaar Hai’ or just showing off his dance moves, quite perfectly, for every other song. But this is quite a rare sight.
We came across this picture on facebook, where Hrithik Roshan, who dances like a dream, can be seen swaying to some romantic song with Salman Khan’s sister Arpita on her wedding reception.
While Hrithik looks every bit of a Greek God that he is, Arpita looks the perfect shy bride.
There have been news and pictures of Shah Rukh Khan simmering with energy and dancing on ‘Chaiya Chaiya’ with Salman Khan, and only news that other stars like Hrithik, Sonakshi Sinha, Rajkummar Rao, Huma Qureshi among others shook a leg at the grand bash. This image is surely one and first of the many unseen pictures.
Also read – Shah Rukh Khan, Hrithik Roshan, Sonakshi Sinha and others who danced at Salman Khan’s sister Arpita’s wedding reception
It was earlier reported that as soon as Hrithik entered, songs like ‘Bang Bang’ title track and ‘Senorita’ from ‘Zindagi Milegi Na Dobaara’ started playing, though the dancing superstar didn’t oblige the audience much. This picture, thereby, comes as a surprise. A very cute surprise, indeed!

Pakistan violates ceasefire along international border in ArniaBy: Press Trust of India | Udhampur |
Posted: November 28, 2014 2:11 pm
Pakistani rangers on Thursday violated ceasefire by resorting to brief firing along the international border in Jammu’s Arnia sub-sector, just hours after it was hit by a terror strike. “
There was a few rounds of firing from Pakistani side on our positions in Pital border outpost area in Arnia sub-sector today,” a senior BSF officer said. BSF troops, however, observed calm and did not retaliate, he said, adding, there were no reports of any casualty.
In a terror strike on the eve of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Jammu, militants wearing combat uniform attacked two army bunkers close to border in Arnia on Thursday leaving 11 people including three civilians and as many army men dead in a fierce gun battle with security forces.
Modi addressed a rally on Friday in Udhampur district, which is 100 km from Arnia. The attack also coincided with the SAARC summit in Kathmandu attended by Modi and his Pakistan counterpart Nawaz Sharif.

CAG trashes SEZ policy as land diverted to realty projectsCAG trashes SEZ Policy for diverting land to realty projects
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 29, 2014  | 10:42 IST
Comptroller and Auditor General of India Shashi Kant Sharma
The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has trashed the Special Economic Zones (SEZs) Policy as it has ended up diverting huge tracts of land acquired for setting up manufacturing facilities and generating jobs to real estate projects for making a fast buck.
"We noted a trend wherein developers approached the government for allotment/purchase of vast areas of land in the name of SEZ. However, only a fraction of the land so acquired was notified for SEZ and later denotification was also resorted to within a few years to benefit from price appreciation," a CAG report tabled in Parliament on Friday stated. Land appeared to be the most crucial and attractive component of the scheme, it added.
The audit report found that the figures for employment creation, exports and economic activity being projected by the commerce ministry to push the policy were not properly verified and have turned out to be highly exaggerated. In terms of area of land, out of 39,245.56 hectares notified in the six states (Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, Maharashtra and West Bengal), 5,402.22 hectares (14 per cent) was denotified and diverted for commercial purposes in several cases, it said.
Many tracts of land acquired are not serving the objectives of the SEZ Act, the report said.
In Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra and West Bengal, 11 developers had raised Rs 6,309.53 crore of loan through mortgaging SEZ lands. Out of which, three developers had utilised the loan amount (Rs 2,211.48 crore) i.e 35 per cent, for the purpose other than the development of SEZ as there was no economic activity in the SEZs concerned.
Exports shortfall
SEZs had availed tax concessions to the tune of Rs 83,104.76 crore between 2006-07 and 2012-13. "Our review of the tax assessments indicated several instances of extending ineligible exemptions to the tune of Rs 1,150.06 crore and systemic weaknesses in direct and indirect tax administration to the tune of Rs 27,130.98 crore," the report added.
Generation of employment opportunities, encouraging investment and increasing India's share in global exports are the three important objectives of the SEZ Act, 2005.
Performance of sampled SEZs (152) in the country indicated "non performance" in employment ranging from 65.95 per cent to 96.58 per cent in investment ranging from 23.98 per cent to 74.92 per cent and in the case of exports ranging from 46.16 per cent to 93.81 per cent.
Another significant trend in the SEZ growth has been the preponderance of IT/ITES industry, which accounted for 56.64 per cent of SEZs, while only 9.6 per cent were catering for the multi-product manufacturing sector.

Low Q2 GDP growth to put pressure on RBI for rate cutBetter-than-expected Q2 growth eases pressure off RBI to cut rates
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 29, 2014  | 10:39 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
On a day when stock markets continued their surge with the Sensex scaling a new peak of 28,693 and the Nifty shooting up to 8,588, growth in gross domestic product (GDP) turned out to be a better-than-expected at 5.3 per cent for the July-September quarter, data provided by Central Statistics Office showed on Friday.
Given the drop in growth rate, low oil prices and declining inflation, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is expected to reiterate his request that Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan cut interest rates when the bank holds it policy review on December 2, senior officials said.
"If it was a very, very low number, there would have been pressure on the (RBI) governor to act immediately. The better-than-expected overall GDP growth gives him that cushion to wait," said Upasna Bhardwaj, economist with ING Vysya Bank.
"Looking ahead, in order to steer economy, there is need for continuing with proactive policies which would help revive investment and address the bottlenecks plaguing the agriculture and industrial sectors," the Confederation of Indian Industry said.
GDP: Quarterly growth over the years
Growth in services and stronger-than-expected agriculture after a poor monsoon helped stem the slide in the manufacturing sector, which registered a negligible growth at 0.1 per cent during the second quarter down from 1.3 per cent a year ago. The slump in manufacturing dragged down the growth rate from the 30-month high of 5.7 per cent in the previous quarter. The farm sector managed to grow at 3.2 per cent.
The runaway fiscal deficit has raised cause for alarm as well. Data released by Controller General of Accounts on Friday showed that seven months into the financial year, fiscal deficit has already touched 89.6 per cent of its full-year target as tax income fell short. Jaitley may choose spending cuts to meet his deficit goal at the cost of further pressure on demand. During the same period of FY14, the deficit was at 84.4 per cent of the Budget Estimates (BE).
Fiscal deficit
GROSS NPAs OF PSU BANKS 5.33%
>> NPAs of public sector banks rose sharply to 5.33% of total advances in September mainly due to sluggishness in the economy and other factors, including delay in environmental clearances
>> Gross NPAs of state-run lenders stood at 4.72% of total advances at the end of March 2014
>> External factors like ban in mining projects and aggressive lending by banks in the past contributed as well
>> Net NPAs of PSBs at September-end rose to 3.14% from 2.74% in March 2014

Sahara may raise US $650 mn loan to fund Roy s bailSahara looks to raise loan worth US $650 million to fund Subrata Roy's bail
Devidutta Tripathy     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 29, 2014  | 10:52 IST
Sahara Founder & Chairman Subrata Roy (Photo: Reuters)
Home-grown conglomerate Sahara said on Friday it aimed to raise US $650 million in loans to secure the release of its chief Subrata Roy , in jail for nearly nine months over the group's failure to refund billions of dollars to investors in outlawed bonds.
Sahara , which owns luxury hotels the Grosvenor House in London and the Plaza Hotel in New York, has also sought the Supreme Court's permission to take over an existing loan on its three overseas hotels from Bank of China.
The conglomerate will go for refinancing after that, Sahara said in a statement, without naming the refinancing bank.
Sahara did not say how much was the outstanding loan from Bank of China, but court documents previously showed an amount of more than US $900 million. The SC will hear Sahara's plea on Tuesday, the company statement said.
The apex court has asked Sahara to pay Rs 10,0000 crore (US $1.6 billion) initially to secure bail for its chief Roy, one of the country's best-known business tycoons.
Roy has been held in Tihar jail in the national capital since March 4 in a long-running dispute with market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) over the refunds.
In October, the capital market watchdog accused Sahara of deliberately failing to sell the marquee overseas hotels , which Sahara had told the court it would sell or mortgage to raise the bail money.
(Reuters)

GDP growth slows to 5.3% in September quarterGDP growth slows to 5.3% in September quarter
Manoj Kumar        Last Updated: November 28, 2014  | 17:59 IST
The economic growth slowed to 5.3 per cent in the three months through September from 5.7 per cent in the previous quarter, dragged down by weaker manufacturing, government data showed on Friday.
Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast annual growth of 5.1 per cent in the quarter.
(Reuters)

15 FDI plans cleared  CCEA to take up HDFC proposal15 FDI plans cleared, CCEA to consider HDFC proposal
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 28, 2014  | 19:25 IST
The Finance Ministry on Friday said it has cleared 15 FDI applications, including that of Panacea Biotech and Sanofi-Synthelabo (India), and recommended HDFC Bank 's proposal to hike foreign holding to the Cabinet for consideration.
The proposals were cleared by Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) headed by the Economic Affairs Secretary in its meeting held earlier this month.
The Ministry said HDFC Bank had sought approval for maintaining the permissible foreign holding in the bank up to 74 per cent of the total paid up capital, out of which the FII sub-limit would be 49 per cent and the balance 25 per cent would be foreign direct investment (FDI). ...(the) proposal has been recommended for the consideration of CCEA, as the investment involved in the proposals is above Rs 1,200 crore, it said.
It further said Panacea Biotech has received the government's nod for issuance of equity shares to Qualified Institutional Buyers (QIBs) through proposed qualified institutional placement.
Proposal of the Delhi-based listed pharmaceutical firm entails investment of Rs 250 crore. The FIPB cleared the Rs 90-crore proposal of Sanofi-Synthelabo (India), a wholly owned subsidiary of Sanofi S.A., France.
It had sought approval for additional foreign investment of Rs 90 crore from its parent company and inter-corporate loan from another Indian incorporated Sanofi Group company to acquire 20 per cent equity in Apollo Sugar Clinics, Mumbai-a company engaged in providing healthcare clinical services.
A Rs 184-crore investment proposal of GETIT Infoservices too has been approved. The permission was given to increasing foreign equity participation in its share capital from present 96.266 per cent to up to 100 per cent.
The FIPB also rejected proposals of Quikjet Cargo Airlines, Bangalore and Phil Arthur Bedford, Dubai. Meanwhile, the Board deferred decision on seven proposals, including of Holcim (India) and Augere Wireless Broadband India Pvt Ltd.

RBI eases gold imports  scraps 80:20 schemeGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
Easing the restrictions on gold imports, the Reserve Bank of India on Friday scrapped the 80:20 scheme with immediate effect. Under the 80:20 norms, 20% of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lot.
Faced with rising gold imports and a worsening current account deficit in 2013, the government had clamped down on imports by introducing this scheme. This was in addition to hiking the import duty to 10%. These measures came on the basis of recommendations of a working group that the RBI had formed to address the gold import problem in 2013.
These restrictions were eased slightly by the RBI in May this year when the central bank allowed star and premier export houses to import gold. Initially only public sector firms and banks were allowed to import gold.
Gold imports jumped 280% to $4.17 billion in October, according to the trade data. The country imported 95,673 kg of gold in September, the highest level in the first six months of this financial year.
In August, the imports stood at 50,213 kg. Imports of the precious metal in April, May, June and July were 43,207 kg, 52,612 kg, 77,681 kg and 45,269 kg respectively.
TAGS: Gold Imports
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

Sahara group looks to raise $650 mn loan to fund Subrata Roy s bailTigerair, Axis Bank to offer one-way free ticket from Singapore
India’s Sahara group conglomerate said on Friday it aimed to raise $650 million in loans to secure the release of its chief, in jail for nearly nine months over the group’s failure to refund billions of dollars to investors in outlawed bonds.
Sahara, which owns the Grosvenor House in London and the Plaza Hotel in New York, has also sought the Indian Supreme Court’s permission to take over an existing loan on its three overseas hotels from Bank of China.
The group will go for refinancing after that, Sahara said in a statement, without naming the refinancing bank.
Sahara did not say how much was the outstanding loan from Bank of China, but court documents previously showed an amount of more than $900 million. The Supreme Court will hear Sahara’s plea on Tuesday, the company statement said.
The Supreme Court has asked Sahara to pay 100 billion rupees ($1.6 billion) initially to secure bail for its chief Subrata Roy, one of India’s best-known business tycoons.
Roy has been held in Delhi since March 4 in a long-running dispute with the country’s markets regulator over the refunds.
The regulator last month accused Sahara of deliberately failing to sell the marquee overseas hotels, which Sahara had told the court it would sell or mortgage to raise the bail money.
TAGS: Sahara Group Subrata Roy
More from companies

Disallow $970 mn of Reliance Industries  KG-D6 cost recovery: CAGTigerair, Axis Bank to offer one-way free ticket from Singapore
The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has, in its latest report on hydrocarbon production sharing contracts, opined that Reliance Industries (RIL) can’t recover the $970 million it had incurred on KG-D6. This includes  $690.70 million on expenditure-related issues ($386.83 million), revenue issues ($250.93 million) and accounting issues ($52.94 million), and another $279.72 million that the auditor found as unjustified costs.
FE had reported earlier the CAG report disallowing a part of costs that RIL had claimed.
“CAG noticed deficiencies in implementation of procurement/service contracts and in issues relating to accounting/revenue,” the auditor said in a statement. The latest report is for FY08 through FY12.
The national auditor found it unjustified that RIL agreed to pay an additional 200 million euros to Allseas Marine contractor to complete EPIC (engineering, procurement, installation, commissioning) work. The CAG is of the view that this was a lump sum contract awarded and neither the production sharing contract (PSC) nor the contract between RIL and Allseas has any provision to pay additional cost. Similarly, RIL paid $17.36 million for extension of dry docking to fifteen years for a floating production, storage and offloading (FPSO) unit.
On the same lines as the previous study, the report brings to light that RIL was allowed to retain the entire contract area KG-DWN-98/3, commonly known as KG D6, a decision taken by the government on February 2009. The PSC under Article 4.1 says that 25% of the block area must be relinquished after completion of the first phase of exploration programme.
RIL went ahead with exploration activities, which included drilling of eight exploration wells and six appraisal wells of discoveries resulting in an expenditure of $427.03 million at the risk of revenue of the commercial discoveries made in the block.
“These activities were not in line with PSC provisions. CAG has recommended that the petroleum ministry should disallow the cost recovery of $118.99 million already effected by the operator on four of these exploration wells,” it added.
The CAG has also pulled up the oil ministry for not being able to take a decision for four years on the dispute over not conducting drill stem test (DST) for three discoveries in the KG-D6 block – D29, 30 and 31. “The issue has, however, still not been finalised, which is against the New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) objective of expeditious monetisation of hydrocarbon resources,” CAG said.
The petroleum ministry has proposed to give a one-year extension to redo tests at three gas discoveries (D29, D30 and D31) in KG-D6. Earlier, these discoveries were not recognised by the DGH as RIL didn’t conduct DST, a mandatory technical requirement to establish presence of hydrocarbons that can be drilled commercially. The ministry has sent the proposal to the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) for its nod. These discoveries, with an associated reserve of 345 billion cubic feet (bcf), are valued at about $1.45 billion at the previous gas price of $4.2/mBtu.
The national auditor has also found anomalies in gas reserve estimates of KG-D6. On May 4, 2007, DGH had told the nodal ministry that original gas in place (OGIP) was estimated at 7.6 tcf and recoverable reserves were 5.32 tcf. However, the approval of the initial development plan (IDP) indicates the DGH has considered OGIP as 5.45 tcf and recoverable reserves as 3.81 tcf.
Meanwhile, the CAG also noticed that the pricing mechanism for crude from the MA oilfield had not been finalised and approved by the petroleum ministry and sales were being treated as provisional by the government. However, RIL was treating the sales as firm and final. Marker has not been fixed so far, leaving scope for ambiguity in pricing.
Also, the pricing and sale of condensate has not yet been approved by the government and is being sold at a discount value below Dated Brent.
The difference between the sale value of Dated Brent and KG-DWN-98/3 condensate amounted to $33.93 million over July 2010-March 2012.
RIL provided restricted or customised access to CAG for some modules of SAP. Further, access to modules like sales and distribution, project system, assets accounting, bank accounting and audit information system, among others, were not provided.
TAGS: CAG Reliance Industries
More from companies

Expos: Robert Vadra  babus  VIPs  abused  status to get free Jet Airways tickets: TehelkaDisinvestment: Govt eyes fatter share sale kitty in 2015; gets Rs 18k cr in 2014
Tehelka Magazine today claimed some officials, bureaucrats and other VIPs had “abused” their status to get free tickets and other facilities from Jet Airways in a gross violation of service rules and propriety.
At a press conference here, Ramesh Ramachandran, the magazine’s political editor, alleged that Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi, had got several upgrades on international sectors for himself, one of his associates and his children and his mother.
A senior IPS officer from West Bengal, who was on deputation to the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS), had taken his family to 28 destinations abroad paying only a small fraction of the cost.
#Tehelka #JetgateExpose blows the lid off a free air ticket scandal involving bureaucrats, politicians & other VVIPs http://t.co/IAdmB28DC9
— Tehelka (@Tehelka) November 28, 2014
According to Tehelka, the former head of DGCA, the regulatory of the aviation sector, a former secretary of the civil aviation ministry, former DG of Archaeological Survey of India and former Chairman of the Airports Authority of India had also “enjoyed favours”.
None of those named by Tehelka were available for comments.
Tehelka’s allegations “misplaced”: Jet Airways
Jet Airways termed the Tehelka magazine’s allegations about granting free tickets and upgrades to VIPs as “misplaced” and “unfortunate”, saying it was the common global industry practise.
“Upgrades are a common industry practice in the global travel, tourism and service sectors and are extended to passengers subject to availability at the discretion of the service-provider.
Jet Airways has the prerogative to afford its guests privileges, including upgrades, at its discretion and does not stand alone in this practice.
“The insinuations and allegations in the article are misplaced and unfortunate,” a statement from Jet Airways said
TAGS: Jet Airways Robert Vadra Tehelka
More from economy
CBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case CBI has examined former Finance Minister P Chidamabaram in connection with the Foreign Investment Promotion Board...

Operation to arrest godman Rampal cost Rs 26.5 crore  six livesThe court was informed that the operation culminated with the arrest of a total of 909 accused, including Rampal.
Chandigarh |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:09 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 8:40 am
By: Sanjeev Verma
Sant Rampal’s arrest operation has overburdened the Haryana, Punjab and central governments as well as the Chandigarh Administration of Rs 26,52,97,039. Six lives were lost apart from 110 police personnel and 70 civilians sustaining injuries.
ALSO READ:  Inside Sant Rampal’s ashram: Arms, ammunition, petrol bombs, pregnancy test strips 
The information has been submitted in the Punjab and Haryana High Court in an ongoing contempt of court case against the self-styled godman that came up for hearing on Friday. The Haryana government has submitted the details of its expenditure thus amounting to Rs 15,43,77,188, Punjab government of Rs 4,34,49,512, central government of Rs. 3,55,49,700 and Chandigarh Administration of Rs 3,29,20,639.
Haryana’s Director General of Police Shrinivas Vashisht informed the court that during the operation there was a huge loss to the public property, government property and the agricultural crop in approximately 78 acres land adjacent to Rampal’s Satlok Ashram assessed worth Rs 2,19,72,000. The top cop of the state has submitted that as many as 5,375 police personnel and para military force personnel were deployed for the operation on November 18, including 13 Superintendents of Police and 36 Deputy Superintendents of Police. The court was informed that the operation culminated with the arrest of a total of 909 accused, including Rampal and registration of seven FIRs till November 19 at Barwala police station.
Also, as many as 104 weapons including rifles, revolvers, air guns and spray guns were recovered along worth 130 cartridges. Other than this, two bullet proof jackets, 61 petrol bombs, over 5,632 wooden sticks, 285 helmets, 35 plastic shields, parcles of gun powder, chemical pouches and spirit has been recovered from the ashram.
The DGP has submitted that on the day of operation, a huge crowd of more than 20,000 people including old age persons, women and children were present inside the Satlok Ashram. More than a thousand young able bodies commando like persons were present on the roofs of the ashram with rifles, pistols, lathi-dandas, petrol bombs, acid pouches and brick stones, it was added. Approximately, 3,000 women and children were sitting outside the main gate of the Ashram.

Explained: Whose Taj is itWritten by Seema Chishti |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:08 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 7:24 am
Earlier this month, Samajwadi Party leader and senior UP minister Azam Khan said that the Taj Mahal should be handed over to the Sunni Central Waqf Board, and was backed by prominent Sunni cleric Maulana Khalid Rasheed Firangi Mahali. Subsequently, the Shia community laid claim to the Taj Mahal, arguing that Mumtaz Mahal was Shia, and the world famous Monument of Love was a demonstrably “Shia building”.
What did Azam Khan say?
He argued that all burial places and mausoleums are Waqf property, and because the Taj Mahal is a mausoleum built for a Mughal Empress, Shah Jahan’s wife, it should also be “handed over” to the Waqf. The statement created a storm — and not merely because the same Azam Khan had earlier this year berated the Mughal emperor himself for the “misuse of public funds” in building the Taj Mahal. He had even said that if mobs were to attack the Taj in the way the Babri Masjid had been attacked, he would have helped them “demolish” the monument.
What is Waqf property?
Waqf Boards are trusts that look after all endowments made by Muslims — property used for religious purposes and activities. There are state Waqf Boards and the Central Waqf Council. The original legislation that started off these trusts in independent India came in 1954. Technically, all mausoleums and burial grounds are on Waqf land.
But what happens in practice?
Some of the land is allegedly “encroached”. The Maharashtra Waqf Board, for example, claims that nearly 70 per cent of its land is encroached. Some monuments that were either abandoned or in ruins just after independence, or are spectacular with great historical importance, are under the care of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI). Not just Muslim monuments, but several Hindu, Christian and Sikh monuments too are ‘living’, where prayers continue — like the Jagannath temple in Puri or the Bom Jesus Cathedral in Goa. Friday prayers are held at the mosque at the Taj, and the monument is not open for viewing that day. The Taj is also a UNESCO World Heritage site.
So should Muslims be allowed to pray at every mosque, however ancient?
This is the nub of the heartburn and the debate. Several mosques and tombs that were in ruins were repaired by ASI and made functional. Muslims moved in then, and started using them as schools or madrasas, mosques and even as the residence for the mutawalli, or caretaker.
This annoyed a section, which wondered why the community was keen to occupy places it had not taken care of itself.
The other view is that because so many Muslims had fled during Partition, these places were abandoned. And it was only in the 1970s that Muslims gathered the confidence to want to offer prayers, and to use these monuments without fear. This view holds that they must be allowed to do so.
The ASI got around this by framing rules that allowed religious practice to continue, depending upon the status of the religious place at the time that the ASI had acquired it. If prayers were on then, they were allowed to continue — but not otherwise. This is what allows groups to try and ask for permission to offer prayers.
Why the fuss about the Taj now?
It is not a new controversy, but Waqf is very prime land in most cases, and perhaps rising land prices and the general scarcity of land has made those associated with Waqf more anxious to increase revenues. Some Muslims are of the view that a portion of the revenues from the Taj Mahal — Rs 21.84 crore in 2013-14, mostly in entry fees, according to central government estimates — should be given to the state Waqf Board, because they technically own the land.
Is the ‘living’ monument principle clear and unambiguous?
Responsible conservationists and those associated with the ASI say that India’s complexity makes it almost inevitable that negotiations would be carried out on a monument-to-monument basis over how worship is to be allowed to continue for a particular religion, and how others outside that faith are to interact with that monument. AGK Menon of INTACH recalled: “When some bricks in Jagannath Puri needed to be fixed, we had to get people to stop the puja for a while. But the priests had issues with that. So an ingenious solution was devised: sending Lord Jagannath on a trip during that time, so the puja could be stopped briefly and the repairs undertaken.”

Vanzara drags Verma in caseBy: Express News Service | Ahmedabad |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:08 am
Jailed Gujarat IPS officer D G Vanzara, an accused in the 2004 Ishrat Jahan encounter case, told a special CBI court in Ahmedabad Friday that he executed the encounter on orders given by his superior on the basis of inputs received from the Intelligence Bureau (IB). He made the submission through his lawyer during the hearing on his bail plea. Besides, Vanzara also dragged Gujarat IPS officer Satish Verma’s name in the case, stating that “Verma wanted certain names of politicians” from him and since he refused to do so, he was still in jail. “Those who cooperated are out on bail,” Vanzara’s lawyer V D Gajjar told the court.
The hearing on Vanzara’s bail application started afresh before the newly appointed judge K R Upahyaya in the CBI special court Friday. Gajjar was accompanied by Vanzara’s elder brother and retired IAS officer K G Vanzara, dressed as advocate. The elder Vanzara took notes during the arguments. Later, he told this newspaper that he was attending the case as a “brother advocate” of the accused and not as “advocate on record”.
Verma had assisted CBI investigation that chargesheeted seven accused, including Vanzara, additional director general of police (ADGP) P P Pandey, IPS officer G L Singhal among others for killing Ishrat Jahan, her friend Javed Sheikh alias Pranesh Pillai and two Pakistani nationals — Amjadali Raja and Zeeshan Johar — in a stage-managed encounter in 2004 in Ahmedabad.
Gajjar specifically told the court that Verma wanted his client to reveal two names who were from the ruling political party which was refused.  He told the CBI court that the IB, in an affidavit before the Supreme Court in August, had clearly mentioned that the four persons killed in the encounter were terror suspects and the claim was supported by a statement of David Headley, a 26/11 plotter. According to the CBI chargesheet, the inputs about the terror suspects coming to Gujarat were given to then Ahmedabad Police Commissioner K R Kaushik. The inputs were forwarded to Vanzara, then a DIG, through his superior Kaushik, he said.

At Trichy  Vasan revives Tamil Manila CongressWritten by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:01 am
EYEING the Assembly elections in 2016, former Congress leader G K Vasan revived Tamil Manila Congress (Moopanar) at Trichy Friday. Vasan along with his followers had quit the Congress on November 3 citing lack of democracy in the state unit.
Addressing a massive rally which was participated by nearly one lakh people at Trichy, Vasan said his party will emerge as a dominant force in the state politics. He said his party was the need of the hour and that it will work for a prosperous future of Tamil Nadu and to strengthen the country.
Former Tamil Nadu Congress Committee (TNCC) president B S Gnanadesikan, senior congress leader who joined the Vasan camp, Peter Alphonse, two MLAs and a few former MPs took part in the public meeting.
Vasan was introduced to politics by his father G K Moopanar at a party conference held at Trichy in 1996, the year Moopanar floated TMC in protest against Congress central leadership’s decision to strike an alliance with AIADMK without consulting the state party. After Moopanar’s death, Vasan himself merged TMC with the Congress in 2002. When Moopanar floated the party in 1996, it was a gesture against the alliance with AIADMK, which was facing a series of corruption charges and he had the support of 20 MPs and senior Congress leaders, including P Chidambaram and Jayanti Natarajan. While the Vasan camp claims the support of at least 25 out of 50 Pradesh Congress Committees in the state, not many senior leaders except Gnanadesikan, Alphonse and former Union minister S R Balasubramaniam have joined the new party.
Addressing the crowd, Alphonse said the new party has a greater significance in Tamil Nadu at a time when leading state parties are facing serious corruption charges.

Jafri was last seen being dragged by accusedBy: Express News Service | Ahmedabad |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:00 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 6:03 am
Recounting the 2002 Gulberg Society massacre, the Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT) lawyer told a specially designated court in Ahmedabad that former Congress MP Ahsan Jafri “was last seen being dragged by some accused out of his house… his body was never recovered…”
The trial began before the fourth judge, on the directions of and following a deadline set by the apex court, on Friday.
Nowhere in the 45-odd minutes of narration did the special public prosecutor defending SIT, R C Kodekar, say that Jafri opened fire on the mob, a premise that has been stated by investigators as having provoked the mob to kill Jafri and 68 others that day.
Kodekar described how the mob used explosives to get entry into the society. “Gulberg Society falls under Chamanpura police chowki under Meghaninagar police station. This society was dominated by educated Muslims, compared to other localities that house people from the minority community who are mostly labourers. Ahsan Jafri used to stay at Gulberg Society. An MP elected in 1977, Jafri was a peace-loving and eminent citizen,” Kodekar told the court.
Kodekar said on February, 28, 2002, the tension escalated in certain localities in the Meghaninagar area. He began by describing “…some shops were torched by an unruly mob, but not here at Gulberg Society. However, tension mounted further and mob of  some 20,000 to 22,000 gathered near Gulberg Society.”
Kodekar wrapped up the case by saying, “39 persons were burnt alive while 30 persons went missing. Seven years later, they were declared dead. In all, 69 persons were killed in the incident. Jafri was last seen being dragged by some accused, but his body was not found.”
The SIT did not mention the closure report it filed on the preliminary inquiry into the petition by Jafri’s widow, Zakia, who has accused the then chief minister and now Prime Minister Narendra Modi and 61 others for their failure to contain the riots. The special court may hear next week a plea filed by victims seeking to arraign four retired IPS officers in the case.
(With PTI inputs)

Chit fund heat: Naveen debars three ministers from visiting his homeWritten by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar |
Posted: November 29, 2014 5:54 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 5:55 am
Orissa Chief Minister Naveen Patnail is worried for the image of his party, the Biju Janata Dal, after CBI recently interrogated his personal assistant over his alleged links with chit fund firm Seashore group. A number of BJD leaders, including an MP and an MLA, have already been arrested by the CBI in connection with the chit fund scam in the state.
Party sources said the interrogation of his PA Saroj Sahoo, who played a major role within the BJD, has left Naveen unnerved.
“The interrogation and possible arrest of Sahoo, who spent 14 hours a day at Naveen Nivas is not a good sign,” said a senior BJD leader. “Though other BJD men were interrogated and arrested, the CM has never been so troubled,” he said. Party sources said a cautious Naveen has debarred 3 ministers the CBI might interrogate from coming to his residence.
Sources said the CM is so worried over the probe’s effect on his party’s image that last week he asked party spokesmen to tell the media that the party could knock SC doors, alleging the CBI of hatching a “political conspiracy”.
Also, the Opposition’s demand for a discussion on the scam in the Assembly was kept pending for 7 days and finally turned down by Speaker Niranjan Pujari after the Advocate General advised that the matter was “sub judice”.
Commenting on the move, former parliamentary affairs minister of BJD Panchanan Kanungo said the Speaker’s decision was an “insult to the Speaker’s chair and the Assembly”. “The AG is a subordinate official and he can’t dictate the Assembly. Besides, the scam is now being probed by CBI at the orders of Supreme Court. How can it be sub judice? The chief minister is simply scared of being sucked into the probe,” he said.
Meanwhile, the CBI Friday interrogated senior journalist Lalit Pattajoshi in connection with the scam.

16 766 buildings surveyed  5 000 face likely actionWritten by Nisha Nambiar | Pune |
Posted: November 29, 2014 5:12 am
The district administration, saddled with the task of conducting a detailed survey of buildings to detect illegalities has readied a list of 5,000 buildings “suspected” to have flouted laws — many lacked papers for permission to change from non-agricultural use — and will start issuing notices to them soon. The administration has said it will initiate action against illegal buildings under section 44 of the Maharashtra Land Revenue Code 1966 and section 18 of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act.
After the Narhe building collapse, the district administration started a detailed survey of buildings and 127 of its teams together surveyed 16,766 buildings in 363 villages in the district. Of these, 7,000 are in Haveli taluka including 2,200 from suburban areas of Pune city, 1,200 from Mulshi and nearly 2,000 from Baramati area.
“The teams, after surveying the area are revisiting data and tallying it and will soon start initiating notices if norms are found to be violated. It is a mammoth task and we have divided the survey format into legal, illegal, partially legal, and partially illegal buildings. This will definitely take time,’’ said district collector Saurabh Rao. He will submit a detailed report of the survey to the government.
The administration has also received inputs from the College of Engineering Pune on parameters for structural audit of buildings and the administration will follow it. The collector said the administration will identify the buildings according to the parameters and once it is done, legal action will be taken. Separate teams will be deployed for each area.
The district administration has deployed 127 teams and surveyed 16,766 buildings in 363 villages of which 5,373 structures were found to be legal and 5,000 were found lacking in necessary papers. It has also displayed out 240 flex boards educating people regarding details of buildings for safety.
The district collector has directed all construction sites to display notice boards giving information about construction as well permissions taken by the builder. He has also alerted financial institutions to check all documents before issuing loans.

Efforts on to reduce dependence on foreign defence equipment: Manohar ParrikarBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 28, 2014 4:24 pm | Updated: November 28, 2014 4:25 pm
With 40 per cent of defence procurement still coming from abroad, government on Friday said it is working to boost indigenous manufacturing capacity to reduce dependence on foreign supplies.
Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar also informed the Lok Sabha that it would not be economical to manufacture certain defence equipment items.
During the Question Hour, the Minister said steps have been taken to reduce the dependence on imports for defence equipment as well to have a proper infrastructure that would help in starting to export such equipment in the future.
He also said export of defence equipment would increase over a period of time.
The total defence procurement was worth Rs 93,216.93 crore in 2013-14. Foreign procurement stood at Rs 38,202.66 crore, making for about 40 per cent of the total.
Out of the total, Rs 55,014.27 crore or 59 per cent of the procurement came from indigenous sources.
In 2012-13, indigenous sources accounted for nearly 64 per cent of the total defence procurement which had touched Rs 83,090.18 crore.
At that time, procurement worth Rs 52,719.38 crore was from indigenous sources while foreign part was to the tune of Rs 30,370.80 crore.
Last financial year (2013-14), the United States remained the largest foreign supplier of defence equipment with procurement worth Rs 13,441.99 crore.
The US was followed by Russia (Rs 11,625 crore), France (Rs 4,575.32 crore) and Israel (Rs 1,234.65 crore).
According to Parrikar, the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) and defence public sector undertakings have been asked to increase procurement of indigenous content.
Responding to a query on intellectual property rights related to indigenous manufacturing of defence equipment, Parrikar said foreign parts “cannot be made by way of Jugaad (managed)” or some other way”.
The Defence Production Policy, promulgated in 2011, aims at achieving self-reliance in the design, development and production of equipment, weapon systems and create conducive conditions for the private industry to play an active role in this regard.
To promote private sector participation in indigenous production of defence equipment, various steps have been taken including revision in list of defence products for the purpose of industrial licensing, Parrikar said.
He said all defence equipment being procured goes through extensive field evaluation trials before being contracted.
“Post contract, an institutionalised system of Pre Dispatch Inspection (PDI) and Joint Receipt Inspection (JRI) exist for ensuring that defect and reliability issues are restricted to the bare minimum,” he noted.

All 245 BOPs in Tripura put on maximum alert: IG BSFBy: Press Trust of India | Agartala |
Posted: November 28, 2014 4:38 pm
All the 245 Border Outposts along the 856-km-long Tripura-Bangladesh International Border have been put on maximum alert to thwart any attempt of infiltration by the terrorists or Indian insurgents operating from the soil of the neighbouring country, a senior BSF officer said today.
“We do not see strong possibilities of intrusion of Islamic terrorists like JMB and others to enter into the state. But the borders in the Feni and Moulavibazar districts of Bangladesh are still vulnerable, so we have put all the border outposts (BOPs) in alert,” IG BSF of Tripura frontier B N Sharma said.
On the recent remark of Tripura Chief Minister Manik Sarkar that the insurgents were still using the soil of Bangladesh and were trying to be active before the elections of the 30 member Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council (TTAADC), Sharma admitted that there were two incidents of insurgents attack on BSF by the insurgents from Bangladesh soil.
A BSF jawan and a civilian driver were killed and another person was injured on November 17 when suspected NLFT militants fired at them at Khantlang, a village bordering Chittagong Hill Tract in Bangladesh.
Another BSF jawan was shot dead by the ultras of the same group at Maldapara in Dhalai district on October 23.
“We need to re-look at the border. We have augmented our forces in the border to check such incidents and an alert was sounded along the border for keeping stringent vigil so that this kind of sabotage could not take place. We are also making a plan for quick reaction after such incidents,” the IG BSF told reporters.
He said there are 32 camps of insurgents of Tripura in Chittagong Hill Tract of Bangladesh (CHT) and in Sylhet district of which 21 belonged to banned National Liberation Front of Tripura (NLFT).
Sharma said, out of the 856-km-long border, Central government gave sanction for erection of barbed wire fencing in 851 km. Fencing work completed in 703 km, work is in progress in 147 km and work is yet to start in 43 km.
He said most part of the border in the state was brought under the coverage of flood lighting and closed circuit cameras were fixed for better surveillance.
“Work for setting up CCTV cameras completed in 577 km and work is on in 92 km. Besides, we have also installed biometric devices for identification of the real inhabitants in the border areas which would help checking infiltration,” the IG informed.
Sharma said the large patch of areas are not guarded by Border Guard Bangladesh which help easy movement of Indian insurgents in their soil and added that in the recent IG level meeting with BGB in Sylhet, they (BGB) agreed to construct
some BOPs in those areas to improve surveillance.
He said altogether 64 composite BOPs having all facilities would be constructed in Tripura of which 22 were already completed and 17 BOPs would be relocated for better border management.
Construction of one composite BOP costs Rs 5-6 crore having the facilities like good barrack, toilets, dining hall
and helipad.

Modis whirlwind NE tour from Saturday; ULFA threat nothing new  says Assam DGPWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: November 28, 2014 7:53 pm | Updated: November 28, 2014 8:11 pm
Even as the anti-talk faction of ULFA has issued a clear threat to prime minister Narendra Modi on the eve of his four-day whirlwind tour of four Northeastern states from Saturday, security agencies have seen it as “nothing new” but a ritual intended at extering pressure on the government.
Modi will arrive in Guwahati on Saturday afternoon and attend two functions the same day. On Sunday he will address the All-India Conference of DGPs and IGPs as also a BJP party rally before flying off to Imphal (Manipur) to attend the closing function of Sangai Festival. On Monday he will inaugurate the Hornbill Festival in Kohima (Nagaland) and then take off for Agartala to launch the second unit of 726-MW Palatana power project in south Tripura before winding up his tour.
ULFA’s anti-talk faction leader and self-styled Major General Paresh Barua has threatened to launch an armed attack the BJP if the Modi government failed to give details about 26 of its leaders and cadres who have remained untraced since Operation All-Clear launched by the Royal Bhutan Army in collaboration with the Indian Army in December 2003. Barua set a deadline of January 10, 2015, after which the ULFA would disrupt the BJP’s meetings aimed at winning the 2016 state assembly elections.
The ULFA would make no distinction between “local” and “outside” leaders while disrupting the BJP’s meetings after January 2015, Barua said, warning that the BJP’s state leaders would have to regret if they fail to find out what happened to the 28 ULFA cadres who have remained missing since the 2003 Bhutan operations.
“The Narendra Modi government definitely owes an explanation because the Bhutan operations were carried out during the previous NDA regime. We openly demand of the Modi government to give details about the whereabouts of our 26 missing comrades. While the Bhutan government has declared that it had handed over our 168 cadres and officials to India, it is now the duty of the government to tell us what happened to the remaining 26,” Barua in his statement had said.
“Modi, who speaks of peace, amity and humanity, has the moral duty to to tell us as successor to the previous NDA government to tell us the truth,” the ULFA leader holed up somewhere in Myanmar, said. He also issued a mild warning to the pro-talk faction of the ULFA led by its chairman Arabinda Rajkhowa by saying that they (the Rajkhowa faction) had forgotten about their comrades missing since the Bhutan operations.
The Assam Police, which has deployed 35 companies of para-military forces in addition to a back-up by the army to provide fool-proof security to Guwahati in the next two days, however has described Paresh Barua’s threat as routine. “The ULFA’s threat is routine, issued every time a prime minister makes a trip to the state. Moreover, it is also common for ruling parties to get such threats from militants. Whichever party is in power always becomes an enemy of militant groups,” Assam DGP Khagen Sarma said.

Amit Shah rally will be victory of masses: BJPBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata |
Posted: November 28, 2014 8:58 pm
The BJP on Friday claimed that the ruling Trinamool Congress had tried hard to stop its November 30 rally which is scheduled to be addressed by the party’s national president Amit Shah, but the High Court put paid to it.
BJP state president Rahul Sinha said that the party’s rally in the scheduled venue would be a “victory of the masses”.
“Mamata Banerjee and her party tried very hard and used several tactics to stop the rally of Amit Shah. But it failed to do so. The court’s verdict proves that. The state agencies, KMC have come up with lame excuses to stop today’s rally but failed,” Sinha said.
The Calcutta High Court on Friday appointed two special officers to ensure compliance of fire services and municipal rules for BJP national president Amit Shah’s November 30 public meeting, observing that the government should not be rigid in the compliance of these rules while granting permission.
Speaking about today’s TMC-sponsored procession of intellectuals, Sinha said that his party would hold a counter-procession of intellectuals on December 2 to express solidarity with the CBI probe into the Saradha scam.
“Today Kolkata witnessed a shameless rally by some intellectuals, who are supporting the accused in the Saradha chit fund scam. This is a shame,” Rahul Sinha said.

Six coffins of MH17 remains flown out of UkraineBy: Agence-France Presse | Kharkiv (ukraine) |
Posted: November 28, 2014 7:19 pm
Six more coffins holding remains of the victims from downed Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was on Friday flown out of east Ukraine for The Netherlands, officials said.
Dutch and Ukrainian officials held a memorial ceremony at the airport in the city of Kharkiv for the last batch of human remains due to be transported this year.
“It was a very important ceremony, very important for the relatives, families and friends of the victims of this enormous tragedy,” said Dutch Justice Minister Ivo Opstelten.
The Boeing 777 was blown out of the sky on July 17 over rebel-held territory, killing all 298 people on board, including 193 citizens of The Netherlands.
Ukraine and the West accuse Russia of supplying pro-Kremlin insurgents with the missile that shot down the jet but Moscow and the separatists deny they were responsible and have instead pointed the finger at Kiev.
The Dutch-led probe team has so far identified 289 of the victims and is set to transport the wreckage of the plane by road to the Netherlands for further investigation.
Kharkhiv governor Igor Baluta said that the debris of the downed jet would be loaded onto trucks for transportation westwards Saturday and would depart from east Ukraine in the near future.
Recovery work at the crash site has now been halted for the winter but searches will resume again in March, Baluta said.

Brisbane Test all set to be rescheduled; Warner  Watson not readyBy: Press Trust of India | Melbourne |
Posted: November 28, 2014 10:06 pm
The first cricket Test between India and Australia is all set to be rescheduled as three of the senior cricketers in Shane Watson, David Warner and Brad Haddin are amongst those who have already said that they are not in perfect state of mind to return to competitive cricket.
According to a report in ‘The Australian’, the first Test scheduled to start at the Gabba on December 4, may now be
squeezed between the second Test at Adelaide (December 12-16) and the third Test at Melbourne on ‘Boxing Day’ (December 26-30).
The report stated,”The players met at the SCG yesterday where they were addressed by Michael Clarke after the death of Phillip Hughes on Thursday. The Weekend Australian understands that the Test squad was unanimous in their decision not to play the game.”
“Test players David Warner, Shane Watson, Brad Haddin and Nathan Lyon were on the field when Hughes was struck and attended to him in the terrible minutes after the extent of the damage became apparent. What they saw on the pitch, what they saw in the hospital and the grief they feel has stripped them of the desire to play cricket.”
There is an expectation that Hughes’ funeral cannot take place until Wednesday. His body will be taken back to his home town of Macksville on the mid-north coast. If the players attend funeral, it will be almost impossible to come back and concentrate on a Test match starting very next day.
Cricket Australia chief James Sutherland said that the BCCI was completely supportive of the situation.
“We’ve been in constant contact with the officials from the Indian cricket board and I’ve got to say that their understanding and empathy has been absolutely outstanding,” Sutherland said.
“They completely understand the situation. They’re doing everything they can to do that.”
“They’ll prepare themselves in the best way possible. They understand that these are unique and extraordinary
circumstances and I guess if the Test match goes ahead, both teams will have a very different sort of preparation.”
Former Australian captain Ricky Ponting is of the opinion that if the players don’t want to play, they shouldn’t be
forced.
“If the boys make the decision they want to play then it has to go ahead, but all of them have to make that decision,” Ponting says. “But I don’t think they are going to be right.
“It’s one thing to think the guys will be ready, but people don’t understand how much heart and soul and concentration and effort they put into every single delivery over five days of a Test match.”

McCullum ton takes New Zealand to 249/1 on Day 2By: Reuters | Sharjah |
Posted: November 29, 2014 12:27 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 1:18 am
Opener Brendon McCullum smashed the fastest century by a New Zealand batsman to give his team an upper hand in the third and final Test against Pakistan in Sharjah, on Friday. The Kiwi skipper completed his tenth hundred off 78 balls and went on to reach 145-ball 153 when bad light ended play seven overs earlier with New Zealand 249-1, a strong position with just 102 runs away from Pakistan’s first innings total of 351.
Kane Williamson matched his skipper’s aggression and was unbeaten on 76, putting an impressive 198 for the unfinished second wicket stand which gave New Zealand a strong position to level the series which they trail 1-0.
Pakistan won the first Test while the second ended in a draw. But McCullum’s rapidfire knock was overshadowed by the gloomy atmosphere as Pakistan and New Zealand observed a minute’s silence before the start and wore black armbands to join in the mourning for young Australian batsman Phillip Hughes who died Thursday from serious head injuries after being hit by a bouncer. The New Zealand team also did not celebrate any dismissal. The teams abandoned Thursday’s second day’s play as a mark of respect for the Australian.
McCullum stole the show, hitting eight sixes — four off left-arm spinner Zulfiqar Babar — and 17 boundaries as New Zealand rattled the total in just 45 overs. In the penultimate over before tea, he hit four boundaries in one over from paceman Mohammad Talha before two quick singles completed his hundred.
This was the fastest hundred ever by a New Zealand batsman, beating the 81-ball hundred Ross Taylor made against Australia at Hamilton in 2010. Williamson, who had a dismal series before this match, hit seven fours and a six off 96 balls. Their stand is New Zealand’s best for second wicket against Pakistan, beating the 195 between John Wright and Geoff Howarth in Napier in 1997. Pakistan’s spin-cum pace attack looked hapless against McCullum as Babar conceded 71 in his ten overs while leggie Yasir Shah gave 59 in as many overs. Tom Latham was the only wicket to fall, caught behind off Rahat Ali for 13.
Earlier, off-spinner Mark Craig took a career best 7-94 as Pakistan lost their last seven wickets for 70 runs to get bowled out for 351 after resuming at 281-3, squandering a strong position on a flat Sharjah stadium pitch.
Brief scores: Pakistan 351 (M Hafeez 197, M Craig 7/94); New Zealand 249/1 (B McCullum 153 n.o, K Williamson 76 n.o)

Bangladesh down Zimbabwe to take 4-0 leadBy: Associated Press | Dhaka |
Posted: November 28, 2014 8:56 pm | Updated: November 28, 2014 9:49 pm
Bangladesh was on the verge of sweeping Zimbabwe in their one-day international series after winning the fourth match by 21 runs on Friday.
The bowlers put up a disciplined performance for the hosts to lead the series 4-0, restricting Zimbabwe to 235-8 after the batsmen helped them to amass 256-8.
It was Bangadesh’s 50th ODI victory on home soil. The series finale is on Monday.
Left-arm spinner Shakib Al Hasan removed the Zimbabwe openers in the space of three balls, and legspinner Jubair Hossain took 2-42 on debut.
“Jubair is our main bowler, it was his first match and we had to back him. He did well,” Bangladesh captain Mashrafe Bin Mortaza said.
Shakib’s pair lifted his career ODI tally against Zimbabwe to 41, the highest by any bowler, eclipsing Sri Lanka great Muttiah Muralitharan on 39.
Brendan Taylor top-scored for Zimbabwe with 63, while Solomon Mire made a 54-ball 52. They threatened to give Zimbabwe its first win of the series with 106 for the fourth wicket, until Mire was dismissed by Jubair Hossain.
A Rubel Hossain bouncer got Taylor, who struck seven fours in 69 balls.
Zimbabwe was left to make 30 in the final over, and made only eight.
Earlier, Mahmudullah struck a career-best 82 not out to steer Bangladesh to a challenging total. Mushfiqur Rahim scored 77, and combined for 134 with Mahmudullah for the fifth wicket, after Bangladesh was at a miserable 32-4.
“There is no dew, that’s why we chose to bat,” Mortaza said. “The way Mahmudullah and Mushfiq batted was brilliant.”
Mortaza hit a quick 39 off 25 balls at the end.
Fast bowlers Solomon Mire, 3-49, and Neville Madziva, 3-60, enjoyed career-best figures for Zimbabwe.
Madziva and Mire scythed down the Bangladesh top order to leave the hosts tottering, but Mahmudllah and Rahim ended the rot. Rahim brought up his 18th half-century off 51 balls.
He and Mahmudullah combined for 134 in 25 overs. Rahim, after seven boundaries, was out for 77 off 78 balls when he attempted a slog sweep of legspinner Tafadzwa Kamungozi, 2-36.
Mahmudullah remained unbeaten after his 10th half-century, studded with six fours.
A one-minute silence was observed for the death of Australia batsman Phillip Hughes.

IPTL: Indian Aces take opening honours  thrash Singapore SlammersBy: Press Trust of India | Manila |
Posted: November 29, 2014 12:48 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 3:23 pm
Indian Aces sailed past Singapore Slammers 26-16 in the inaugural match of the much talked about International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) in Manila on Friday.
The evening started with mixed-doubles tie of Rohan Bopanna and Sania Mirza (Aces), who were up against the Slammers pairing of Bruno Soares and Daniela Hantuchova.
After being broken early, Soares and Hantuchova broke back but the clever shot-making of Bopanna and Mirza ultimately gave them the one-off set 6-4.
Next up was past champions singles match between Fabrice Santoro, representing Aces, and Australian legend Patrick Rafter. It turned out to be league’s first shootout at 5-5 in the set, which Santoro won with little difficulty.
For Slammers, the lone success of the day came in the men’s doubles where Tomas Berdych and Nick Kyrgios beat Bopanna and Gael Monfils 5-2.
Former world no.1 Ana Ivanovic then hammered Daniela Hantuchova 6-0 in the women’s singles to give Aces further cushion.
The men’s singles was played between Monfils and former world no.1 Lleyton Hewitt. The Frenchman 6-1. Later in the day, UAE Royals mauled home side Manila Mavericks 29-24.
The legends’ set was won by the Royals’ Goran Ivanisevic over Carlos Moya in a shoot-out after a 5-5 draw, giving them a 6-5 overall lead as points are accrued via games, not sets.
Marin Cilic, in his first appearance of the evening, teamed with Nenad Zimonjic to topple Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Conrad Huey 6-4 in the second set.
Ivanovic was encouraged to see a decent crowd at the Mall of Asia Arena. “It was great to see and made the match more exciting. I am really happy to spend time with all of the players on the team bench. The team spirit is great, we laugh a lot and make jokes and really support each other during points. It is very interesting to get into the team spirit because we don’t get it that much in tennis because we are always traveling,” said the Serbian.

Nigeria mosque attack death toll rises to 81KANO, Nigeria, November 29, 2014
Updated: November 29, 2014 19:36 IST
Nigeria mosque attack toll tops 100
AP
AP
Police officers stand by the debris following an explosion in a mosque in Kano, Nigeria on Friday.
TOPICS
act of terror
More than 102 people were killed in the bomb explosions at the central mosque in this city, said a hospital worker.
A mortuary attendant at the Murtala specialist hospital Kano, Malam Isa Labaran, on Saturday told Associated Press that he counted over 102 dead bodies deposited inside the mortuary on Friday after the multiple explosions at the mosque.
“I was asked to be counting those deposited and I counted over 102 dead bodies before I was asked to stop,” he said.
The death toll is higher because more bodies were taken to the Nassarawa hospital, said Mr. Labaran.
Witnesses said heavy smoke could be seen billowing in the sky from a long distance away. Immediately after the blasts, hundreds of angry youths took to the streets in riots, throwing stones, brandishing sticks and shouting at security officials.
The palace of the Emir of Kano is near the central mosque. The Emir, one of the highest ranking Islamic figures in Nigeria, is currently out of the country, said palace officials.
Boko Haram has not claimed responsibility, but the attack bears the hallmarks of the militant group that has carried out numerous such attacks in northern Nigeria, including in Kano. In September, two suicide bombers killed at least 15 students at a government college and in July, five suicide bombings were carried out over the course of a week. More than 1,500 have been killed this year in the insurgency, according to Amnesty International.
The attack was condemned by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon who called the attack “horrific,” pledged U.N. support for Nigeria’s fight against terrorism, and called for the perpetrators to be swiftly brought to justice, according to his spokesman.
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan condemned the attack and reiterated the government’s determination to “continue to take every step to put an end to the reprehensible acts of all groups and persons involved in acts of terrorism.”

Gigi play to open in NY as musical opens in DCBy Nelson Pressley November 28 Follow @nelsonpressley
Now is the winter we thank heaven for little girls, for January will bring audiences not one “Gigi,” but two.
The Kennedy Center’s new stage version of the 1958 Lerner and Loewe movie musical (winner of nine Academy Awards, including Best Picture) has long been scheduled for Jan. 16-Feb.12; it’s aimed for Broadway this spring. Signature Theatre head Eric Schaeffer, whose revival of Stephen Sondheim musical “ Follies ” with the Kennedy Center transferred to Broadway two years ago, will direct Vanessa Hudgens in the title role.
Vanessa Hudgens, being interviewed, will by “Gigi” in the upcoming Kennedy Center performance. (Andrew Kelly/Reuters)
The second “Gigi” was announced Thanksgiving Day by Manhattan’s off-off Broadway Storm Theatre Company. The small, classically slanted troupe recently produced Pierre Corneille’s 1637 “Le Cid” with Blackfriars Repertory Theater. The organizations will join forces to revive the play of “Gigi” by Anita Loos (“Gentlemen Prefer Blondes”) that starred an emerging Audrey Hepburn on Broadway in 1951.
Fans planning a “Gigi” binge will want to mark the calendar for Jan. 9-Feb. 15 for the Storm-Blackfriars staging at the Theater of the Church of Notre Dame, on 114th Street in Manhattan. All these “Gigi” stagings and more, including the 1949 French film, derive from the 1944 Colette novel about a 16 year old girl in Belle Epoque Paris who falls in love with an older man.
First Post byline, 1992; covering theater for the Post since 1999. His book "American Playwriting and the Anti-Political Prejudice" will be published by Palgrave Macmillan in 2014.

Mumbai youth who joined Islamic State returns to IndiaEYE BROWSE
Mumbai youth who joined Islamic State returns to India
Arif Majeed, hailing from Kalyan, arrived by a flight via Turkey. He was immediately whisked away by intelligence officials to an undisclosed location.
Yahoo India –  Fri 28 Nov, 2014
Print
MUMBAI: One of the four youths who joined the jehadi group Islamic State (IS) in Iraq, Arif Majeed has returned to India and was being interrogated by the National Investigating Agency.
Arif Majeed, hailing from Kalyan, arrived by a flight via Turkey around 5.15 a.m. Friday. He was immediately whisked away by intelligence officials to an undisclosed location.
Majeed went "missing" in May along with three other Thane youths - Shahim Tanki, Aman Tandel and Fahad Shaikh.
Later, their families living in and around Kalyan and police came to know that they had reportedly sneaked into Iraq and joined the IS ranks.
Earlier, intelligence agencies had gathered information that the four youths from Kalyan near Mumbai have been in touch with their families to return as they are being exploited in Iraq.
Sources said the agencies have approached the families and assured them that the youths will not be harassed on their return.
The four youths have been identified as Arif Majeed, Aman Naeem Tandel, Fahad Tanvir Shaikh and Sahim Farooq Tanki.
Arif’s father had met the NIA officers in Mumbai and informed them that his son wants to come back.
Arif Majeed had fled to Turkey and the other three are still in Southern Iraq where the IS has a stronghold.
Intelligence agencies managed to get phone intercepts where the youths are heard crying and asking their families to seek the government’s help for their return.
Under the leadership of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the militant group has been running a reign of terror in Iraq and Syria to establish a Caliphate and making its commander the supreme Muslim leader world over. (Agencies)
Recommend

Growth: India is still not out of the woodsGrowth: India is still not out of the woods
8 crore Jan Dhan accounts opened: Arun Jaitley8 crore Jan Dhan accounts opened: Arun Jaitley
Jhunjhunwalapi cks up stake in SpicejetJhunjhunwalapi cks up stake in Spicejet
India convinces WTO of food security issues: SitharamanIndia convinces WTO of food security issues: Sitharaman
India s growth of 5.3 per cent intensifies rate cut demandsIndia s growth of 5.3 per cent intensifies rate cut demands
Inflation-focused RBI may not oblige rate cutInflation-focused RBI may not oblige rate cut
Black Friday gets holiday shopping season into gearBlack Friday gets holiday shopping season into gear
CAG wants $357.16m of RIL s KG-D6 cost disallowedCAG wants $357.16m of RIL s KG-D6 cost disallowed
Global crude oil price of Indian basket falls to $72.51/barrelGlobal crude oil price of Indian basket falls to $72.51/barrel
Gokarn lauds Jan Dhan schemeGokarn lauds Jan Dhan scheme
It is almost impossible for a voluntary winding up as per my understan...Gold Member
57 Followers
It is almost impossible for a voluntary winding up as per my understanding of the provisions in the Companies Act.
When a company is wound up by the members or the creditors without the intervention of Tribunal, it is called as voluntary winding up. It may take place by:-
By passing an ordinary resolution in the general meeting if :- (i) the period fixed for the duration of the company by the articles has expired; or (ii) some event on the happening of which company is to be dissolved, has happened.
By passing a special resolution to wind up voluntarily for any reason whatsoever.
In this case passing of ordinary resolution wont suffice as either of the other two conditions wont be met.
Only remedy is to pass a special resolution which most likely would be defeated if Bajaj Group which holds 24% does not support the resolution (most unlikely to support).
Compulsary Winding Up by the Tribunal can be initiated but there are almost so many of if and buts and conditions that they wont drag the company into those conditions practically.The only chance stands is with one condition which is reproduced below--
If the tribunal is of the opinion that it is just and equitable that the company should be wound up.
I sincerely invite the esteemed views of other borders on the subject
In reply to : message

Swamys case is very interesting and has good technical points..i feel ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

After two decades  Loop to hang up todayAfter two decades, Loop to hang up today
Rajesh Kurup
Closure comes after Airtel’s failure to get regulatory nod to acquire company
Mumbai, November 28:  
Over the past one month or so, Rajeev Chandrasekhar has been inundated with telephone calls and messages on his Facebook and Twitter pages from both the customers and employees of Loop Mobile (formerly BPL Mobile).
Some of the messages were emotional outpourings from employees who were associated with the telecom operator for about 15 years. “It’s obviously sad, it’s nostalgic…. This is the sunset of what was termed the sunrise of an industry,” Chandrasekhar told BusinessLine. He was the promoter of BPL Mobile, which was later named Loop after he sold the business.
In a text message on October 28, Mumbai’s oldest telecom operator had informed its subscribers of shutting down operations on November 29, following the expiry of its licence.
The end comes at a time, when the industry has grossed a subscriber base of about 900 million, becoming the fastest growing in the world.
Chandrasekhar, now an independent Rajya Sabha MP from Bengaluru, founded BPL Mobile 20 years ago.
The company, after receiving approvals, started operations on October 2, 1995, a time when mobile user base was barely anything. However, Chandrasekhar – who sold the company to Dubai-based IP Khaitan and family a decade later – terms this the natural end. “My only regret is that they should have handled portings much better,” he added.
Closure at 11.59 p.m.
Loop Mobile’s end will come at 11.59 p.m. on Saturday.
“This was an abrupt end…. For the last six months, we were expecting Airtel to take over the subscribers,” said Loop Mobile Chief Operating Officer Surya Mahadevan, who has been working with the company for the past six years.
Mahadevan, on his part, is moving out of the corporate world. He is taking up a faculty position at TA Pai Management Institute, Manipal.
On November 5, Bharti Airtel called off its plans to acquire Loop Mobile, after it failed to get regulatory approvals.
The operator had its fair share of controversies, too. The company, which changed its name from BPL Mobile, was embroiled in a bitter ownership battle between the Ruias of Essar Group and Vodafone Group.
The UK-based telecom company had alleged Essar of altering share structure of the service provider. BPL Mobile had commenced operations on a pan-India basis as a Kochi-registered firm, and continued till late 2008. “We used to take pride in the fact that TRAI had adjudged us as the best network,” recalls former CEO (then BPL Mobile) Sanjeev Chachondia, adding “drive tests” were conducted from Churchgate (downtown Mumbai) to the outskirts to check the quality of services.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

Binny may merge Mohan BreweriesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Binny may merge Mohan Breweries
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, November 28:  
The Board of Binny Ltd will consider the merger of Mohan Breweries and Distilleries, a company under the same management, with itself, according to an announcement on the BSE by Binny. At the meeting on December 1, the company will also consider the merger of Mohan Breweries’ subsidiary Arthos Breweries with Binny and inform the board of plan finalised for developing an integrated township in Perambur near Chennai.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

At Rs 20 000 per plate  Arvind Kejriwal s AAP fund-raiser turns massive cash generator to foil  brand ModiDisinvestment: Govt eyes fatter share sale kitty in 2015; gets Rs 18k cr in 2014
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Arvind Kejriwal hosted a Rs 20,000 per plate dinner for young professionals, diamond merchants and bankers here kick-starting the party’s fund-raising campaign for the Delhi Assembly elections.
“We collected Rs 91 lakh from the fund-raiser dinner last night. Rs 36 lakh were collected from donor passes, Rs 36 lakh was through cheque donation from those who came and our volunteers collected Rs 21 lakh,” AAP leader Preeti Sharma Menon said here today.
“The next fundraiser will be in Bengaluru. We are impressed with the response to our fund-raiser drive,” she said.
With online donations, AAP is looking to raise funds differently to take on Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) which is relying on ‘brand Modi’.
“The Mumbai dinner had space for a maximum of 200 donors, mostly our supporters. Most of those who attended were young professionals, some diamond merchants and a few directors from Bollywood,” she said.
AAP’s Maharashtra unit has a target of raising Rs 5 crore over the next two months through reach-out drives,” she said.
In the run-up to this year’s Lok Sabha elections, Arvind Kejriwal had in March hosted a fund-raising dinner in Bengaluru inviting criticism from Congress which questioned whether the AAP leader who then also charged Rs 20,000 per person for having a meal with him could claim to represent the common man.
“Kejriwal has appealed people to donate for the party,” Menon said.
To encourage donations, AAP is tweeting online donors’ names with the hashtag #IFundHonestPolitics.
After the Delhi Assembly elections in December 2013, the party has so far received donations from over a lakh donors. The maximum money has come from Maharashtra, followed by Delhi and Uttar Pradesh.
TAGS: Arvind Kejriwal Bharatiya Janata Party Delhi Assembly Polls Narendar Modi
More from economy
CBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case CBI has examined former Finance Minister P Chidamabaram in connection with the Foreign Investment Promotion Board...

CAG wants $357.16 mn of Reliance Industries  KG-D6 cost disallowedTigerair, Axis Bank to offer one-way free ticket from Singapore
The CAG today sought disallowance of USD 357.16 million (about Rs 2,179 crore) expenditure Reliance Industries incurred on drilling of wells and payments to contractors in KG-D6 while it pulled up Oil Ministry for delays in approvals and inconsistent parameters.
In its second audit of RIL’s eastern offshore KG-D6 block, the CAG recommended disallowing the Mukesh Ambani-run company from recovering USD 279.8 million in cost of three wells as well as a part of expenditure the firm had incurred in area which was improperly declared discovery area.
The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) in its report tabled in Parliament, found irregular payment of USD 427.48 million to contractors, of which it sought disallowance of at least USD 77.36 million cost.
Under the Production Sharing Contract (PSC), RIL and its partners BP plc of UK and Canada’s Niko Resources are allowed to recover all capital and operating expenditure from sale of oil and gas before sharing profits with the government.
“Expenditure amounting to USD 160.81 million incurred on account of three appraisal wells was not eligible for cost recovery and had been disallowed by Petroleum Ministry. However, even after the Ministry communicated its decision, the Operator continued to claim the cost recovery, as seen in the final accounts for the year ended 2013,” it said.
The CAG recommended that the Ministry “ensure that the disallowed cost of three wells amounting to USD 160.81 million is recovered” from RIL and its partners.
It pulled up the Ministry for not approving annual expenditure and work budgets on time and also asked it to “develop consistent and uniform parameters for evaluating commerciality of discoveries.”
Also, the Ministry was asked to urgently take steps to resolve the differing views of the contractor (RIL) and upstream regulator DGH on the reserve estimates of KG-D6 and take appropriate action to increase production.
Listing instances of irregular payments, the CAG said RIL paid Allseas Marine Contractors (AMC) Euro 200 million more for construction of offshore facilities.
It wanted cost recovery of USD 77.36 million paid for a floating oil production system to be disallowed. Besides, it found fault with payment of USD 12.48 million start-up and production bonuses to employees, USD 88.77 million in hiring of deepsea drilling rig and over USD 16 million in bonus to contractors.
Finding fault with the Ministry in declaring the entire 7,645 square kilometre KG-D6 block area as discovery area, CAG said, “Normally the entire amount of USD 427.03 million would requirement to be disallowed for cost recovery since these activities were not in line with PSC provisions.”
Keeping in mind, however, the fact that the exploration resulted in a commercial discovery (D34), it said recommended disallowing USD 118.99 million expenditure.
“At this stage, keeping in mind the national interest and energy security, Audit recommends that Ministry should accept sharing of exploration cost of only those of the above mentioned wells which resulted in a commercial discovery and disallow the cost recovery of USD 118.99 million already effected by the operator on the remaining wells,” CAG said.
In respect of D29, D30 and D31 discoveries, CAG said the Ministry should disallow their cost in case they are found to be commercial unviable.
It said pricing mechanism for crude oil and condensate from MA field in the KG-D6 block has not been finalised even after six years of production.
“The PSC provisions relating to pricing and sale of crude oil and condensate may be followed and decision on pricing and sale of crude oil and condensate may be taken at the earliest,” the report said.
According to CAG, the total expenditure incurred in Block KG-DWN-98/3 or KG-D6, till March 2013 was USD 10.441 billion out of which USD 9.929 billion has been cost recovered.
“Out of the profit petroleum of USD 1.03 billion till March 2013, the contractor has got USD 929.32 million and Government has got USD 103.26 million,” the report added.
TAGS: CAG Reliance Industries
More from companies

In surprise move  India eases gold import rulesGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
India on Friday scrapped a rule mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country in a surprise move that could cut smuggling and raise legal shipments into the world’s second-biggest consumer of the metal after China.
The so-called 80:20 import rule tying imports to exports was introduced last year to bring down inbound shipments and narrow the current account deficit that had hit a record.
“It has been decided by the Government of India to withdraw the 20:80 scheme and restrictions placed on import of gold,” the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said, without giving a reason for the change in the rule.
A policymaker associated with India’s gold import policy said the government instructed the RBI at 1830 local time on Friday to urgently change the rule. A notification was posted on the central bank’s website two hours later.
“We were not informed about the reason for scrapping this rule. The restrictions on who all can import who can’t are still valid,” said the policymaker, declining to be named as he is not authorised to talk to media.
Bachhraj Bamalwa, director of the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation, said the 80:20 rule was not only encouraging smuggling but it was also misused by many traders.
TAGS: Gold Imports
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

Telangana passes Finance Bill: KCR stresses on fiscal prudenceDisinvestment: Govt eyes fatter share sale kitty in 2015; gets Rs 18k cr in 2014
The Telangana Assembly today approved the Finance Bill with a budgetary estimate of Rs 1,00,640 crore for the ten-month period of 2014-15 even as Chief Minister Chandrasekhar Rao stressed on the need for “fiscal prudence”.
The six-month old state received an income of Rs 25,947.97 crore so far this fiscal with the states own tax revenue touching Rs 15,101 crore, the Chief Minister announced.
Replying to the debate on the budget in the Assembly, the Chief Minister said the current budget was not full-fledged as there was no clarity yet on the devolution of funds from the Government of India.
“There is a new government at the Centre and it has not yet finalized its policy formulation. There could be changes in many Central schemes like MGNREGS, housing, JNNURM, etc. I will meet the Prime Minister and other Union Ministers soon to discuss these issues and we will present a full-fledged budget for the next financial year much before March 31,” the Chief Minister said.
Since Telangana was a new state, it had sought enhancement of borrowing limit under the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act.
“The Centre has asked us to furnish more details in this regard. We are actively following up on that,” he added.
The Chief Minister explained that the states own tax revenue was expected to be Rs 35,378 crore and non-tax revenue Rs 13,242 crore as per the current trends.
A sum of Rs 21,720 crore was expected from the Centre in the form of Grants-in-Aid.
KCR said welfare of the poor was his governments top priority.
“That we are going to spend Rs 3600 crore-Rs 4000 crore on social security pensions is an indication of our commitment towards welfare. At the same time, our thrust is also on development with focus on key sectors like agriculture,” he added.
Referring to the tanks improvement programme, entitled Mission Kakatiya, the Chief Minister said 45,000 small and medium village tanks would be improvedrestored in the next five years at an estimated cost of Rs 35,000 crore.
“The World Bank has come forward to fund this programme but laid out certain terms. I rejected those terms saying you cannot govern us. We will go to Japan International Co-operation Agency for funds,” the Chief Minister said.
Noting that the international market was flush with funds”, KCR said they could be tapped if fiscal prudence was observed.
“We need to maintain fiscal discipline and responsibility as well, he said.
The Chief Minister said a sum of Rs 4250 crore was released to banks as first instalment towards the agricultural loan waiver scheme.
Another Rs 12,000 crore would be released in three instalments, along with interest.
Vowing that the TRS would not seek votes in 2019 if it did not complete the proposed Water Grid, KCR said the ambitious project would ensure supply of treated drinking water to each and every household across Telangana in the next four years.
“This is a Rs 35,000 crore project and we have formed a separate corporation to implement it. I have discussed the project with the Prime Minister who promised financial assistance from the Centre,” he said.
Earlier, Congress senior MLA N Uttamkumar Reddy wondered if the government would be able to implement the Rs 1 lakh-crore budget.
“Our assessment is that the government may get only Rs 75,000 crore in revenue. Then, how will you reach the Rs one lakh crore target,” he questioned.
Telugu Desam Legislature Party leader Errabelli Dayakar Rao demanded that the TRS government implement all the promises it made ahead of the elections.
Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen leader Akbaruddin Owaisi reiterated his demand that the government publish a white paper on the states finances.
Leader of Opposition K Jana Reddy said they were fully supporting the Finance Bill and said they would cooperate with the government in development.
TAGS: Telangana
More from economy
CBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case CBI has examined former Finance Minister P Chidamabaram in connection with the Foreign Investment Promotion Board...

Australian batsman Phil Hughes dies from head injuryAustralian batsman Phil Hughes dies from head injury
Reuters
Tweet
File photo of Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes. Hughes died on Thursday, two days after he was struck in the head by a ball, Cricket Australia said in a tweet posted on its official page. Hughes sustained serious head injuries when struck by a short delivery during a Sheffield Shield match on Tuesday. He had emergency surgery before being placed in an induced coma. - Reuters
SYDNEY, Nov 27:  
Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes died in hospital in Sydney on Thursday, two days after the international batsman was struck on the head by a ball during a domestic match.
Governing body Cricket Australia (CA) confirmed the 25-year-old had lost his fight for life, casting a pall over a cricket-mad nation which is co-hosting the World Cup early next year.
"We are extremely sad to announce that Phillip Hughes has passed away at the age of 25," CA said on its Twitter feed.
"Our thoughts go out to Phillip's family, friends, and the entire cricket community on this incredibly sad day.
"He was not in pain before he passed and was surrounded by his family and close friends.
"As a cricket community, we mourn his loss and extend our deepest sympathies to Phillips family and friends at this incredibly sad time."
Cricket Australia was due to conduct a news conference at St Vincent's hospital in Sydney at 5 p.m. (0600 GMT).
The Australian flag was lowered to half-mast over the Sydney Cricket Ground where Hughes suffered the horrific injury on Tuesday when batting for state side South Australia.
He was struck on the head by a short-pitched delivery from New South Wales paceman Sean Abbott, a devastating blow that experts compared to the trauma suffered by car crash victims.
After being treated at the stadium, Hughes, who played 26 tests and 25 one-day internationals, was rushed to hospital to have emergency surgery to relieve pressure on his brain.
News of Hughes's death brought a fresh wave of tributes on social media, with past and present players conveying their shock and grief.
No no no no no. RIP Phillip Hughes
— Adam Gilchrist (@gilly381) November 27, 2014
Such terrible news with the passing of Phil Hughes. Our deepest sympathies to his family.
— Glenn McGrath (@glennmcgrath11) November 27, 2014
'SHOCKING ABERRATION'
Australia Prime Minister Tony Abbott described Hughes as "a young man living out his dreams".
"His death is a very sad day for cricket and a heartbreaking day for his family,' Abbott said in a statement.
"What happened has touched millions of Australians.
"For a young life to be cut short playing our national game seems a shocking aberration."
FIRST TEST AGAINST INDIA
The tragic announcement followed calls by former players for the Australian team to abandon the first test of the four-match series against India next week.
Former test batsman Dean Jones told Melbourne radio station 3AW he thought the December 4 match in Brisbane could not go ahead.
"I don't think any of the boys will want to play," he said.
The news travelled quickly through the global cricket community, with the Pakistan test match against New Zealand suspended out of respect for the player.
Hughes death would prove a "game-changer" for the so-called 'gentleman's game' of cricket, pundits said, ranging from the standards for head protection to the practice of short-pitched fast bowling.
Cricket balls are roughly the same shape and size of a baseball but harder and heavier. Fast bowlers regularly bowl at speeds of 140kph and short-pitched balls, known as 'bouncers', are often used as a tactic to intimidate batsmen.
Questions about the response time of ambulances dispatched to the stadium have also been raised.
The head of New South Wales Ambulance was to be hauled before the state health minister Jillian Skinner on Thursday after the ambulance authority issued conflicting statements about their response times.
The arrival of the first ambulance took 15 minutes, NSW Ambulance clarified in a statement on Wednesday.
The state's median response time for the highest priority "life-threatening cases" was just under eight minutes in 2013-14, according the authority's statistics.
Dr Peter Larkins, a leading sports physician, told Reuters: "Time is of the essence when your brain has suffered trauma."
Born in the small town of Macksville in New South Wales state, the pint-sized Hughes grew up on a banana plantation and made his first-class debut at 18.
He took the cricketing world by storm when he made his test debut in 2009, scoring a mountain of runs despite his unconventional technique.
Hughes would betray a vulnerability to short-pitched bowling and though he was in and out of the Australian team over the following years, he never complained publicly about his plight as a fringe player.
He had scored 63 runs before being struck on Tuesday, his last innings said to be an audition to replace injured Australia captain Michael Clarke for the first test.
(This article was published on November 27, 2014)
Related

E-visa facility launched for 43 countriesministers (government)
In a move that is expected to ease visa processing and help increase of tourist inflow to India, the government on Thursday rolled out the much-awaited electronic-visa system for visitors from 43 countries, including the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Germany, Japan and Russia.
Minister of State for Tourism and Culture Mahesh Sharma said the move is bound to positively impact the economy of the country. “The implementation of Tourist Visa on Arrival enabled with electronic travel authorisation (ETA) will send a clear and powerful message that India is serious in making travel to the country easy,” the Minister added.
A tourist from these countries will now be able to apply for an e-visa through the designated website and pay the fee online to get an ETA within 72 hours. The facility will be available initially at nine airports — Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Bengaluru, Kochi, Thiruvanthapuram, Hyderabad and Goa.
The addition of 43 countries is the first phase of the roll out and more countries will be added soon. Mr. Sharma said when e-visa is implemented from all the tourism generating countries, tourism to India will grow by at least 50-100 per cent.
E-visa will be valid for 30 days and a tourist can avail the facility twice a year.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh, who was also present at the event, assured safety and security for all tourists particularly foreigners who come to India. “We are formulating a legal framework for this. We will ensure safety and security for all tourists,” he said.

E-cigarettes contain 10 times amount carcinogens: ResearchSkipping meals makes kids obese: Study
E-cigarettes contain 10 times the level of cancer-causing agents as regular tobacco, Japanese scientists said on Thursday, the latest blow to an invention once heralded as less harmful than smoking.
The electronic devices — increasingly popular around the world, particularly among young people — function by heating flavoured liquid, which often contains nicotine, into a vapour that is inhaled, much like traditional cigarettes but without the smoke.
Researchers commissioned by Japan’s Health Ministry found carcinogens such as formaldehyde and acetaldehyde in vapour produced by several types of e-cigarette liquid, said a health ministry official.
Formaldehyde — a substance found in building materials and embalming fluids — was present at much higher levels than carcinogens found in the smoke from regular cigarettes, the official said.
“In one brand of e-cigarette the team found more than 10 times the level of carcinogens contained in one regular cigarette,” said researcher Naoki Kunugita, adding that the amount of formaldehyde detected varied through the course of analysis.
“Especially when the… wire (which vaporises the liquid) gets overheated, higher amounts of those harmful substances seemed to be produced.”
Kunugita and his team at the National Institute of Public Health submitted their report to the ministry on Thursday.
In common with many jurisdictions, Japan does not regulate non-nicotine e-cigarettes.
Nicotine e-cigarettes, or so-called Electronic Nicotine Delivery System (ENDS), are subjected to the country’s pharmaceutical laws, but they can be bought easily on the Internet, although they are not readily available in shops as they are in some Western countries.
“You call them e-cigarettes, but they are products totally different from regular tobacco,” the ministry official said.
“The government is now studying the possible risks associated with them, with view to looking at how they should be regulated.”
In August, the World Health Organisation called on governments to ban the sale of e-cigarettes to minors, warning they pose a “serious threat” to unborn babies and young people.
Despite scant research on their effects, the WHO said there was enough evidence “to caution children and adolescents, pregnant women, and women of reproductive age” about e-cigarette use, due to the “potential for foetal and adolescent nicotine exposure (having) long-term consequences for brain development”.
TAGS: Electronic Cigrette Smoking
More from health
Two-minute delay in cutting umbilical cord good for babies Delaying the cutting of the umbilical cord in newborns by two minutes leads to better development of the baby during the first days of life...

40 per cent of kids don t have healthy BMISkipping meals makes kids obese: Study
School children in the country are lagging in health and fitness parameters with 40 per cent of kids not having a healthy Body Mass Index (BMI) and required endurance levels, says a countrywide study, warning that the current generation was heading towards an “unhealthy future”.
The study for the academic year 2013-14 covered 1,15,559 children in the age group of 7 to 17 years in 287 schools across 85 cities from 23 states.
In a comparative study between boys and girls, it found that 65 per cent of girls have healthy Body Mass Index scores compared to 59 per cent of boys.
However, girls score lower than boys in other fitness parameters (anaerobic capacity, flexibility, upper body strength and abdominal strength) indicating that they are still short on overall fitness, the study released here said.
Children in all five regions of the country were deemed more or less equally unfit with unhealthy Body Mass Index (BMI) scores of 37 per cent (Central), 54 per cent (East), 37 per cent (North), 38 per cent (South) and 36 per cent (West), said the study by EduSports, physical education and school sports enterprise.
Non-metros score higher than metros in terms of Body Mass Index (BMI) levels and fitness parameters, it said.
Children in non-metros demonstrated better flexibility (75 per cent in non-metros and 70 per cent in metros), had good upper body strength (64 per cent in non-metros and 61 per cent in metros) and a marginal overall BMI score (61 per cent in non-metros and 60 per cent metros).
“The lack of health and fitness among such a large number of children yet again proves that physical activity/sports in schools should be viewed as an important part of the curriculum for the overall development of a child,” Saumil Majmudar, CEO and Co-founder of EduSports, said.
TAGS: Body Mass Index
More from health
Two-minute delay in cutting umbilical cord good for babies Delaying the cutting of the umbilical cord in newborns by two minutes leads to better development of the baby during the first days of life...

Amit Shah denied permission for rally in TMC-ruled KolkataPrint
KOLKATA: The Trinamool Congress-ruled Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has denied Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah permission to hold a grand rally in Kolkata on November 30.  
The BJP state unit wanted to hold the meeting in front of Victoria House, located in the heart of the city, where the ruling Trinamool Congress usually organises its annual Martyrs’ Day rally on July 21 every year.
“We have got directions from the honourable High Court day before yesterday. We have investigated the letter addressed to the Municipal Corporation by the BJP. Measurements have been taken, everything has been done, but the expectations from the letter are not relevant to the directions from the High Court. And that is why the Corporation could not grant permission to BJP for their meeting on the 30th of November which was supposed to take place at Esplanade in front of Victoria House,” said Kolkata Mayor Sovan Chatterjee.
Earlier, the Kolkata Police had refused to give clearance, citing reasons of traffic congestion and law-and-order issues.
Accordingly, the BJP state unit moved the Bench of Justice Debangshu Basak at the High Court of Calcutta, alleging discrimination by the city police. The court had directed the city police commissioner to hold a meeting with state BJP leaders and inform the court about the proposed rally.
The police chief was also directed to inform the court in writing by Friday about his decision regarding the rally.
The judges said that the party must first seek clearances from local fire safety officials and the city civic body.
The BJP had sought permission for Amit Shah’s rally in July this year.
“By giving this report, by not giving permission to BJP, they have disrespected law. They have gone against the Court’s order. BJP does not want to get involved in this matter. I do not want to get involved in this. I just directly want to say to the Corporation that you make a diagram of the stage and give us, and we will conduct the meeting on that itself,” said BJP state president Rahul Sinha, adding that they would move the High Court again on Friday.
On November 30, named the ‘Uththan Diwas’ (Day of Rising), Shah is scheduled to kick off the BJP’s campaign for the 2015 Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) elections and the crucial 2016 Assembly polls in Bengal.
Earlier, a programme of Narendra Modi (then Gujarat Chief Minister) was denied permission by Mamata Banerjee-led West Bengal government scheduled on April 9 this year at a city’s indoor stadium.
A civic reception for Modi was planned by BJP’s Bengal unit at the state-run Netaji Indoor Stadium here, but at the eleventh hour it was denied by the state government.
State BJP president Sinha had written a letter to Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee seeking her intervention in the issue. But that effort failed to yield a positive result for the state’s saffron brigade as the stadium was not made available to them for the civic reception.
After denial, the BJP’s state unit had held Modi’s civic reception programme at the Mahajati Sadan in Central Kolkata.
Recommend

Farm  services save the day; GDP growth at 5.3 pct in Q2Disinvestment: Govt eyes fatter share sale kitty in 2015; gets Rs 18k cr in 2014
The economy beat bleak forecasts to grow a decent 5.3% in the July-September period from a year before, aided by government expenditure and a better-than-expected performance by the farm and allied sectors, the official data released on Friday showed. However, a zero expansion in capital formation in the last quarter reflected the extent of productivity loss the economy continues to suffer from, prompting analysts to renew their call for deeper structural reforms instead of incremental steps.
With the release of Friday’s data, many analysts tended to revise their growth projections for the full year to the upper limit of 5.5%, while the consensus previously seemed to hover around 5%, even as the government had budgeted for 5.7%.
However, given that fiscal deficit touched almost 90% of the full-year target by October, the government’s ability to pump in money and stir growth in the second half of this fiscal is limited. The forecast of a 7% drop in Kharif grain production is also expected to hurt the farm sector growth in the second half. But a relatively favourable base from the third quarter (the economy grew just 4.6% in each of the last two quarters of 2013-14) will provide some support, likely aiding the gross domestic product (GDP) to expand at 5.5% for the full fiscal, the same as the growth in the first half, said analysts.
Given the RBI’s resolve to break the back of inflation, there are doubts if it would cut the benchmark lending rate in its next monetary policy meeting on December 2, although the government has clearly been persuading it to trim rates to make capital less expensive to investors.
Having hit hard in the last fiscal, both the government and private final expenditure looked up this fiscal, recording a 5.8% and 10.1% expansion, respectively, in the second quarter from a year earlier. Community, social and personal services that includes a substantial government component grew at a healthy 9.6% against 9.1% in the previous quarter. Growth in trade, hotels, transport and communications inched up to 3.8% against 2.8% in the first quarter.
However, risks remain. Fixed investment — as gauged by the gross fixed capital formation data — barely grew in the second quarter, compared with a decent 7% in the July quarter and 3.1% a year before. The fact that most of the projects cleared by the government in recent months belong to the power sector, analysts argue that the shortage of raw materials and expensive credit may have stalled their actual take-off.
This may have got reflected in the latest power generation data, which showed growth in electricity, gas and water supply slowed to 8.7% in the second quarter, compared with 10.2% in the previous quarter. The consequences of the coal block cancellations by the apex court might also have to be grappled with in the coming months even though the government is making all efforts to mitigate these by embarking on an efficient re-allocation process and assurance of linkage to companies that have created end-use capacities.
“Data on the expenditure of the GDP reveal concerns, particularly the stagnation in investment activity and contraction in exports, with a double-digit expansion of government expenditure bolstering growth. Given the low rise in tax collections of the government, expenditure curtailment to ensure that fiscal targets are met could dampen GDP growth in the remainder of this fiscal,” said Aditi Nayar, senior economist at Icra. The impact of an expenditure squeeze will be steeper in the last quarter of the fiscal. The full-year growth is likely to print closer to the upper end of Icra’s forecast range of 5.3-5.5%, she added.
Crisil chief economist DK Joshi said the growth will be around 5.5% this fiscal, as favourable bases will somewhat compensate for the weakness in industrial output and the possible drop in farm production.
However, amid the cloudy forecast for the farm sector, accounting for 14% of GDP, the push from the usually laggard sector may not be enough to stir overall growth in the next two quarters. Farm and allied sectors’ growth was 5% in the second half of the last fiscal when overall GDP expansion was 4.6%.
With commodity prices coming down (brent prices have dropped over 35% this year), some analysts expect its benign impact on inflation to help consumption to recover. According to industrial production data, even in the build-up to the festival season, a 4% drop in consumer goods output in September— recording contraction in 15 out of 18 months since last April —  suggested persistent weakness in private demand.
Growth in mining and quarrying , which reported a decline for eight quarters before looking up in the first quarter of this fiscal, slowed to 1.9% in the second quarter, compared with 2.1% in the previous quarter. Among the services sectors, financial services disappointed with growth coming down to 9.5% during July-September, compared with 10.4% in the previous quarter. Manufacturing, too, grew at just 0.1% in Q2 even on a relatively conducive base (it grew just 1.3% a year before and compared with 3.2% in the June quarter this fiscal).
More from economy
CBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case CBI has examined former Finance Minister P Chidamabaram in connection with the Foreign Investment Promotion Board...

David Cameron urges migrant curbs  warns on British EU exitBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: November 28, 2014 5:49 pm | Updated: November 28, 2014 5:56 pm
Prime Minister David Cameron on Friday promised tough curbs on welfare for EU migrants to counter a surge in arrivals and warned failure to get his way could be a deal-breaker for Britain staying in Europe.
He said the package of reforms would require changes to European Union treaties, but said he was “confident” that he could reach agreement with fellow EU leaders.
In a long-awaited speech on the issue, Cameron stopped short of calling for a cap on new arrivals or a mooted “emergency brake”, which had caused consternation in EU capitals.
But he announced plans to make EU workers wait four years to receive in-work benefits such as tax credits and social housing, and vowed to stop migrants claiming benefits for children who were living elsewhere in Europe.
Cameron is under intense pressure to tackle rising immigration, which has become a major issue of voter concern ahead of the May 2015 general election.
His Conservative party is facing an electoral challenge from the UK Independence Party (UKIP), which advocates leaving the EU altogether as the only way to stop EU migration.
Cameron said the reforms were an “absolute requirement” of his attempts to renegotiate Britain’s membership of the bloc before holding an in-out referendum in 2017.
“There is no doubt that this package as a whole will require some treaty change and I am confident we can negotiate that,” he said.
Cameron says he wants Britain to stay in the European Union but has refused to say if he would campaign for an exit if he fails to achieve the reforms he wants.
He said: “If our concerns fall on deaf ears and we cannot put our relationship with the EU on a better footing, then of course I rule nothing out.”
In a wide package of measures intended to make it less attractive to come to Britain, Cameron said EU migrants should have a job before arriving and could be deported if they do not find work after six months.
And he repeated calls for restrictions on the rights of citizens of new EU nations to work in Britain until their economies improved in line with other members.
Cameron had promised to cut net migration to Britain to under 100,000, but official statistics released yesterday effectively killed that promise.

DTH satellite services: Dept of Space lost out to foreign playersAudit report says agency failed to launch as planned, mismanaged available capacity
New Delhi, November 28:  
The Comptroller & Auditor General has said the inability of the Department of Space (DOS) to launch its communication satellites as planned and failure to utilise available satellite capacity led to a competitive advantage for foreign players.
In its report on Management of Satellite Capacity for Direct-to-Home (DTH) services, it said this led most of the service providers -- Reliance, Videocon, Sun DTH and Airtel -- to move to foreign satellites.
It pointed out that the out of the nine satellites with 218 Ku band transponders planned for launch during 11th five year plan, DOS could only launch three satellites with 48 Ku bank transponders, meeting only 22 per cent of the target. “Out of the total 76 Ku band transponders used by Indian DTH operators (July 2013) only 19 transponders about 25 per cent belonged to Indian satellites,” the report said.
Migration expenses
Though, DOS arranged foreign satellite capacity for Indian DTH industry as a short-term measure, the DTH service providers who moved to foreign satellites did not come back to Indian satellites as it would have incurred migration expenses for them.
It also said that foreign players gained by being ready at the opportune time to place their satellites in Indian skies for providing DTH services in India. CAG has also pointed out that, “Tata Sky was allocated satellite capacity on INSAT 4A out of turn, though Doordarshan was first in order of precedence.”
Policy
Tata Sky was also granted exclusive rights over India’s prime orbital slot of 83 degree east, which was in violation of SATCOM policy that clearly stated that satellite capacity to non-government users was to be given on non-exclusive basis, it noted.
It added that DOS’ transponder lease agreements did not safeguard financial interests of the Government.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

Govt scraps 20:80 gold import schemeGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
In a surprise move that could lead to a rise in legal imports of gold, the government on Friday scrapped a rule mandating traders to export 20 per cent of all gold imported into the country.
“It has been decided by the Government of India to withdraw the 20:80 scheme and restrictions placed on import of gold. Accordingly, all instructions issued about the scheme from time to time starting with circular number 25 dated August 14, 2013 stand withdrawn with immediate effect,” the Reserve Bank of India said in a circular. Banks may bring the contents of this circular to the notice of their constituents and customers concerned, the RBI said.
The 20:80 import rule linking imports to exports was introduced last year to bring down gold imports and narrow the current account deficit that had hit a record of 4.8 per cent of GDP.
Although legal import of gold declined in the subsequent months, the 20:80 rule was not only encouraging smuggling but it was also misused by many traders.
The RBI has not announced any changes in the restrictions on who all can import gold.
Bullion dealers, however, were expecting tightening of gold import rules by the government and the RBI as gold imports had soared to 106 tonnes in October as against 95.6 tonnes in September this year.
CAD had risen in April-June 2014 to 1.7 per cent of GDP, up from 0.2 per cent in the March quarter.
The norms were relaxed by the RBI on May 21 and six private sector trading firms were permitted to import the gold under the 20:80 scheme. Initially, only state-owned firms and banks were permitted to import gold.
The six private firms, which were given relaxation, accounted for 40 per cent of the total gold imports in April-September.
In the RBI’s May 21 circular, issued in the last days of the UPA government, star trading houses and premier trading houses which are registered as nominated agencies by the Director General of Foreign Trade were allowed to import gold with certain conditions.
The relaxation on gold imports came close on the heels of the drop in crude oil prices to a four-year low.
Not effective
The 20:80 import rule linking imports to exports was introduced last year to bring down gold imports and narrow the current account deficit that had hit a record of 4.8% of GDP
The RBI has not announced any changes in the restrictions on who all can import gold
The Rule was seen as encouraging smuggling and was also misused by many traders
TAGS: Gold Import
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

Government committed to realising potential of Northeast: PMModiBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:34 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 12:03 pm
Ahead of his visit to Northeastern states, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said the government is committed to realising the potential of the region and accelerating its progress as India will not develop till it develops.
India will not develop till the Northeast develops. We are committed to realising the potential of the Northeast & accelerating its progress
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 29, 2014
“I would visit Assam, Manipur, Tripura and Nagaland and attend a wide range of programmes that would connect me to all sections of society, I am eagerly looking forward to being there and interacting with people,” he tweeted.
Rich natural resources combined with talent of youth gives the Northeast the potential to play a key role in the development journey, the Prime Minister noted.
“India will not develop till the Northeast develops. We are committed to realising the potential of the Northeast and accelerating its progress,” Modi said.

Rajnath Singh hits out at Pakistan  says countrys state actors play a role in attempts to destabiliseIndiaWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:32 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:10 am
Growing Islamic terror designs in the subcontinent is a major challenge for India, especially in the backdrop of some youth getting swayed by it, and there was no scope for taking this lightly, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Saturday.
Mentioning the attack in Arnia sector HM says that Pakistan claims non state actors are behind such incidents which is not true.
— HMO India (@HMOIndia) November 29, 2014
“Though ISIS is born in Syria and Iraq, it is a fact that the Indian subcontinent is not outside its radar, especially as some Indian youth are also getting attracted towards it. Moreover, al-Qaeda had recently announced formation of a new outfit for the Indian subcontinent, while it is for certain that Pakistani state actors are also involved in trying to destablise India,” Singh said. He was inaugurating the 49th All India Conference of DGPs and IGPs here on Saturday.
Singh however expressed confidence that these Islamic terror groups will never be able to succeed in India and said that majority of the Indian Muslims will not side with them. “I am sure these terror groups will never succeed in India. They may try to convert India into an Islamic country on the assumption that large numbers of Muslims will support them. But the fact remains that Indian Muslims had fought and sacrificed equally with others for India’s idependence,” Singh said.
He particularly referred to al-Qaeda’s announcement in September of new outfit for the Indian subcontinent called Qaeda-ul-Jihadi, with intentions of specifically targeting Gujarat, Assam, Bihar, Jammu & Kashmir and Bangladesh, and identified this too as a major challenge.
“Moreover, the South Asia wing of al-Qaeda has claimed it had tried to hijack a Pakistani naval frigate with the intention of attacking Indian and US naval vessels. Some people of the Pakistani Navy were also involved in this. But I am confident our police and security forces will be able to strike back at any such attempts,” the home minister said.
On Left-Wing extremism, the home minister however said that the influence of Maoist tterror groups had reduced last year. “Left-Wing extremism has to be put to an end at all cost. We are ready to talk, but cannot allow any violence to occur,” he said. Singh also suggested better coordination among para-military forces and state police forces in tackling Left-Wing extremism, and called for giving the leadership role to officers of the state police.
On the Jammu and Kashmir situation, Singh said recruitment of local youth by terrorist groups had gone down. “But whenever there is an incident, Pakistan puts the blame on non-state actors. I would like to ask Pakistan, why can’t its ISI ascertain who these non-state actors are? What we know is that Pakistani state actors too are involved in trying continued…

Phillip Hughes tragedy: I cant imagine how anybody can be expected to play Test cricket on Thursday  asks RickyPontingBy: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: November 29, 2014 9:48 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 11:03 am
Former captain Ricky Ponting does not think it would be right for Australia’s first Test against India in Brisbane next week to go ahead following the death of Phillip Hughes .
No decision has yet been made over whether the game at the Gabba will start on schedule on Thursday and Ponting said he doubted the Australians would be mentally prepared to play cricket.
“It’s one thing to say Phillip Hughes would have wanted the four-Test series against India to start as scheduled,” he wrote in a column for News Limited newspapers on Saturday.
“It’s another for 11 men to take the field at the Gabba a week after their close friend died.
“It’s been such a tragic week for the Hughes family and the cricket community and I can’t imagine how anybody can be expected to play Test cricket on Thursday.
In fact I don’t think it would be right.
“Even if the boys think they can play it would be a miracle if they find the right frame of mind needed for five days of cricket,” said Ponting.
Hughes’ death on Thursday, two days after he was struck in the neck by a short-pitched delivery in a first-class game at the Sydney Cricket Ground, stunned the sports world.
Tributes have poured in for the 25-year-old batsman and players from all domestic grades of cricket are to commemorate Hughes over the weekend with moments of silence and by wearing black armbands.

Express 5: Indians still practice untouchability; Mumbai boy returns from ISISgripBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 9:00 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 9:08 am
We recommend that you go through these 5 stories of The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. CASTE UNTOUCHABILITY
Sixty-four years after caste untouchability was abolished by the Constitution, more than a fourth of Indians say they continue to practise it in some form in their homes, the biggest ever survey of its kind has revealed.
One in four Indians admit to practising untouchability   Report by Seema Chishti
2. THE ISIS JOURNEY
College student-turned Islamic State jihadist Areeb Majeed, flown home under NIA escort from Istanbul on Friday morning, has provided a graphic account of his journey, that involved bullet injuries during a skirmish in a Syrian city and a narrow escape when the makeshift hospital where he was recovering was destroyed in an air raid.
From Mumbai to ISIS and back home: How Areeb Majeed was brought to India in a covert operation  A special report by Praveen Swami , Gautam Sandip Mengle
3. TAJ WAR
Earlier this month, Samajwadi Party leader and senior UP minister Azam Khan said that the Taj Mahal should be handed over to the Sunni Central Waqf Board. Subsequently, the Shia community laid claim to the Taj Mahal, arguing that Mumtaz Mahal was Shia, and the world famous Monument of Love was a demonstrably “Shia building”.
Explained: Whose Taj is it?  Reported by Seema Chishti
4. OPINION
Professor Tapan Raychaudhuri who died in Oxford on November 26, was not only a leading historian, but a person of many different talents. He was an outstanding teacher, whose pedagogy extended far beyond those who were formally his students at Oxford or Delhi or Calcutta.
The historyteller by Amartya Sen
5. CRICKET
The Board of Control for Cricket in India secretary Sanjay Patel has written to Cricket Australia informing them that the Indian board has left the future of the first Test at Gabba in Brisbane, scheduled to start next Thursday, in the aftermath of the Phil Hughes tragedy, entirely up to Cricket Australia.
Phillip Hughes tragedy: Brisbane ‘million miles away’
 

English Premier League: Saints toughest test yetBy: Associated Press | Manchester |
Posted: November 29, 2014 1:04 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 8:35 am
Widely tipped as a possible relegation contender following its summer of upheaval, Southampton has stunned English football by winning eight of its first 12 games to sit in second place in the Premier League and split the country’s established powers.
The results of Southampton’s next three games could show whether it has the ability to hang around for the long haul. The team managed by former Netherlands defender Ronald Koeman hosts champion Manchester City on Sunday to kick off a challenging run of fixtures that sees it play Arsenal and Manchester United in the next two rounds and then Everton and Chelsea later in December.
If the south-coast club comes through that tough schedule boasting some victories and with its self-belief intact, the likes of Liverpool, Tottenham, United and Arsenal — teams struggling for form in the race for the Champions League places — may start to worry.
“I think it’s possible,” a bullish Koeman said of Southampton’s chances of a top-four finish, “because I don’t see a lot of teams that are better than Southampton.”
Southampton lost its manager Mauricio Pochettino and many of its best players in the off-season, including Adam Lallana, Rickie Lambert and Dejan Lovren to Liverpool and Luke Shaw to United, but their replacements have taken no time to fit in. Players like winger Dusan Tadic and striker Graziano Pelle have been among the revelations of the season so far and Koeman already has the air of a Premier League veteran in just his first year in English football.
Southampton is six points behind unbeaten Chelsea but two clear of City, seven ahead of United and already has 12 more than sputtering Liverpool.
If it wasn’t for the brilliant form of Sergio Aguero, Man City would not be in a position where it has the chance to move second in the standings with a win at St.Mary’s stadium this weekend. The Argentina striker took his goal tally in all competitions this season to 17 in 18 games by scoring a hat trick — including two late strikes – in City’s 3-2 win over Bayern Munich in the Champions League.
With Yaya Toure a shadow of last season and City’s defense looking porous, Aguero’s goals are carrying the champions. “He is unstoppable,” City midfielder Samir Nasri said. “At the moment, he is one of best players in the world. Apart from Cristiano Ronaldo, who is on another planet, he is up there with (Lionel) Messi and (Luis) Suarez.”
If Chelsea was the “little horse” in last season’s title race, in the words of coach Jose Mourinho, this season it is a thoroughbred.
The London club is still unbeaten in the league heading into an away match at Sunderland on Saturday, with a 5-0 thrashing of Schalke in the Champions League the latest show continued…

Can OPEC persuade RBI to cut rates | OPEC spells windfall for IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections
Can sliding oil prices help change RBI governor Raghuram Rajan's mind on cutting rates?
MC Govardhana Rangan, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 10.51AM IST
Tags:
gdp
MUMBAI: Can OPEC succeed where two finance ministers and years of corporate lobbying could not — persuade RBI to cut rates?
The Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries decided not to impose any limits on the amount of crude being pumped despite a 38% crash in prices as it sought to combat shale oil, sending prices sliding even further. However, the consensus forecast is still that RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan will hold the repo rate at 8% when he announces the monetary policy on Tuesday. But the consensus doesn't necessarily have to be correct, especially in a rapidly evolving situation.
Forget about the CPI reading in October, or even the second-quarter GDP growth number. That's not what will determine whether an interest rate cut is around the corner. Instead, it's the inflation forecast for early 2016 by a group of economists in executive director Michael Patra's team.
So these are the odds to be watched. What are the chances of RBI economists forecasting 6% retail inflation by January 2016 and easing after that? Pretty high. This will be in contrast with the forecast of 7% by March 2016 made on September 30 but based on the assumption that crude will be at $100 a barrel. Six of the seven assumptions of the RBI argue for a lower inflation forecast. Only the rupee has bucked the trend — it's depreciated below the assumed 60 to the dollar.
"If we were to compare the RBI's inflation projection chart and the actual inflation trend, it would indicate that the current inflation is already 1.5 per centage point lower than the RBI's projection,'' said Morgan Stanley's Chetan Ahya. "After 1Q 2015, we expect CPI inflation to decelerate to 6% by April 2015 on a sustainable basis," much ahead of RBI's January 2016 target. To be sure, at the heart of the debate is not whether CPI-measured inflation has fallen below the January 2016 target of 6%, but whether it will remain so beyond that date and move toward 4% after that, in line with the glide path indicated by the Urjit Patel committee. With the central bank's model unlikely to throw up something dramatically different from what private economists are forecasting, how would the man who frowns at any comparison with celebrated inflation warrior Paul Volcker react?
When his target of 8% for 2015 looked achievable, Rajan said he wasn't in the mood to party since his mind is on the 6% target for 2016. With even the 6% looking achievable, assuming prices do not reverse quickly, what will Rajan do? In fact, he indicated in August what his course of action could be. "If early next year, given all that has happened, given government actions, if we think inflation will hit 6% before 2016, and stay that way, then we have room to cut rates even if at this point itself inflation has come down but is still above 6%," Rajan had said. "It is not that we have to touch 6% to cut interest rates but have to project 6% to cut rates."
  Regardless of timing, an interest rate cut is a given — it's reflected in the fall in the yields of benchmark government bonds which have slid 106 basis points from their peak this year to 8.06%. A basis point is 0.01 per centage point. Even the many who were forecasting a cut after April next year are beginning to advance their expectation of when this could happen.
"Timing is a judgment call," said A Prasanna, economist at ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Ltd. "I can't say that the chance of a rate cut now is zero per cent."
Of course, monetary policy decisions are not just influenced by economic models, but judgment calls on how the economy is likely to behave. To be sure, household inflation expectations are still high at more than 15%. Information on the enhancement of supplies of protein-rich products, an item that pushed up CPI, is flaky. Positive real interest rates need to sustain for a longer term if an economic revival is to be supported by domestic savings.
The consensus that Rajan will hold rates arises from his statements that he doesn't want to repeat the mistake of reducing rates early and then reversing equally quickly when inflation turns.
Manufacturing prices won't surge given that input prices have eased substantially and that producers have not much pricing power given that demand is also weak. Can crude oil prices reverse their slide? Will food prices jump?
International analysts are forecasting another 10-15% fall in crude oil prices. Even if this reverses, it's unlikely to race back to $100 a barrel anytime soon, given weak growth in Europe, Japan as well as China. The US recovery can be fed by shale oil.
Internally, the government is on its way to achieving its fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of GDP this year. Fuel prices have been decontrolled. Farm prices are climbing slower than in the past with minimum support prices being raised about 5% instead of the double digits that were the norm during the Manmohan Singh government. Furthermore, food prices are easing with the government reducing its stockpile. Although Rajan may hold rates until evidence accumulates about low inflation levels sustaining, some are praying that he springs a surprise. So will he?
This is what he said on September 4, 2013, as he took over as governor: "Reserve Bank of India should be a beacon of stability as to its objectives. That is not to say we will never surprise markets with actions. A central bank should never say 'never'!
FEATURED ARTICLES

OPEC move to hold output augurs well for India | OPEC vs Shale: The big debateYou are here: Home > Collections > Opec
OPEC move to hold output augurs well for Indian economy
Ashutosh R Shyam, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 12.03PM IST
Tags:
BPCL
(With OPEC, a group of 12 oil…)
With OPEC , a group of 12 oil producing nations, deciding to refrain from lowering output, crude oil prices have crashed 40% from June 2014 levels.
The move augurs well for the Indian economy as it imports nearly 80% of its crude. It's also expected to improve profitability of companies which use crude oil or its derivatives as their raw materials.
According to a Nomura broker, with every $10/bbl decline in oil prices, India's GDP will edge up 0.1% and lower the wholesale price index by 0.5%. It will also reduce the fiscal deficit by 0.1% and the current account deficit by 0.5% of GDP.
Profitability of oil-marketing companies like HPCL , BPCL and IOC will improve as dependence on subsidy will be less. This will bring down working capital loans and also better marketing margins of these companies.
Auto companies, too, stand to benefit. Historically, lower cost of vehicle ownership leads to higher volume growth. The Street is betting that Maruti Suzuki is best placed to reap the benefit of a lower fuel price.
Lubricant makers like Castrol India, Gulf Oil, Savita and Apar Industries will gain as raw material cost accounts for nearly 60-65% of sales and is linked to crude oil prices. But since lube is mostly a retail item, a drop in raw material costs is often not passed on to consumers.
Similarly, paints companies, where crude oil and its derivatives constitute about 30-40% of their total raw material costs, will reap dividends.
FEATURED ARTICLES

See new bias for action from Modi govt: John...GE
(In India recently, Rice…)
Four years ago, John Rice left the GE headquarters at Fairfax and moved to Hong Kong to head the $146-billion behemoth's global growth and operations. For GE, it was a huge symbolic gesture moving its vice chairman and president & CEO of GE Global Growth and Operations into an emerging market, signalling an intent to be a more global, more open company. Since then, Rice has led the conglomerate's charge into markets like China, India and other emerging economies apart from working closely with chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt in creating a new future-ready behemoth. In India recently, Rice is again excited about the India story after watching Modi government in action. In an interview with ET, Rice talks about GE's India play. Edited excerpts:
Now that the Modi Government has brought some buzz back, does GE think it will be good for its business?
Well, we are optimistic. PM Narendra Modi is certainly a decisive person and he wants a government that takes action and moves forward and if this is the perspective, that is very encouraging. Obviously, the proof is in the actual steps that are taken, that's all we want to see. But in the early days the new government seems to be doing a lot things right.
A lot of new announcements are in infrastructure, healthcare sector etc. These are sectors that GE businesses can benefit from directly, so are you increasing investments in India?
We are fully equipped to provide a lot of infra requirements like what India needs, basic forms of healthcare, all kinds of power generation. So I don't think that we need to make a lot of new moves to participate in the developments. We'll be scaling up the existing infrastructure that GE already has in India. We will make sure that we have the right resources in the right places and make sure that people have the right competencies. There are a lot of things at the margin that we have to do but in terms of businesses, we have a good hand to play and support the priorities that the Indian government will have for building infrastructure.
As a global investor, do you see a change in the way the Indian bureaucracy is functioning or it's same old, same old?
In many cases I see a new bias for action. In some cases it's not perfectly clear that the bias exists but you can expect some of this to take time. I mean, the PM is not going to be able to change apparatus of bureaucracy overnight. I'm quite confident it will change. I see examples of that change taking place but not everywhere and everyone but enough to give me optimism.
You work out of Hong Kong but travel across the globe frequently. Do you get a sense of the changing mood about India in the global financial capitals?
Totally. I think the world needs good leadership in important countries and India is an important country and PM Narendra Modi is a good leader. So there's a lot of receptivity to that.
Now will you up Banmali's Agarwala's (GE India CEO) and India team's targets?
His targets are always going up. I think we play beneath our weight in India, in terms of the size of our business and Banmali and the team know it. We think we should do more here, we are prepared to invest to accomplish that. We do have big aspirations for our potential here. I think there are two things that causes me to be optimistic about India business. We have a first-class team in India and this government appears to be open for business and so the combination of those two things cause me to want to increase my target and to believe that we can be bigger and more successful here.
GE had earlier a target to reach $8 billion by 2010. Do you have a new target?
I am more interested in ensuring that we have our rightful position in this market and achieving that will deliver a certain revenue by a certain point in time. But if we don't have our rightful position in market, then we shouldn't be satisfied with the number no matter what it is. I am less concerned about the absolute target, more concerned about us achieving the market's success here that we are to achieve.
How long will it take for GE India to reach China's scale?
For GE, that will take a while.
You moved from the headquarters in Fairfield to Hong Kong. Is it part of the reallocation of resources, is it part of the acceptance of the new economic order?

Anganwadis turn kid-friendlyChildren learning the basics at an anganwadi centre at Thuraimangalam in Perambalur. Photo: A. Muralitharan
Toys, play tools, and health mix powder draw children in droves to these centres
The anganwadi at Thuraimangalam in Perambalur was buzzing with activity.
Children in the anganwadi are busy playing with toys and other play tools. Colourful posters with vegetables, fruits, animals and science objects are on display. When asked, they say ‘Athichudi’ in Tamil, names of Tamil and English months, nursery rhymes. With children-friendly atmosphere, anganwadis in Perambalur attract a large number of children. Many children, who went to private schools, have come back to these anganwadis, say officials.
Parents of the children at the anganwadi said that children are happily going to anganwadis. They study well and have become healthy with the nutritious food given at the anganwadis.
There are 490 anganwadis in Perambalur district. Of them, 300 have been supplied with play tools worth Rs.10,000. Out of the 490 anganwadis, 17 are in urban areas, 30 in town panchayats and 443 in rural areas.
These anganwadis take care of 12,000 children. There are 24,390 children in the age group of three months to three years in the district. They are in the supplementary nutrition category. Four hundred and sixty nine pregnant women and 3,437 women in lactation are provided with nutrition and information on how to take care of their children at the anganwadis.
“Sathu maavu” (health mix powder) is given to children from seven months to three years.
They are provided with 130 grams of ‘sathu maavu.’ Pregnant women and women in lactation are provided with 160 grams of ‘sathu maavu.’ For children who lack nutrition, 190 grams of ‘sathu maavu’ is given.
T. Bhuvaneswari, Programme Co-ordinator of Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS), said that 75 per cent of brain development takes place when the children are below seven years. Stimulation given during this period will improve the brain activity.
So anganwadis provide this stimulation. They contribute to physical development of children, language development, cognitive development, emotional development and social development. Now, a new activity called ‘Aadi paadi vilayadu’ has been introduced in selective centres.

Delhi: 6-year-old boy found murdered after kidnapping13
0
New Delhi: A six-year-old boy who was kidnapped for ransom from central Delhi's Ranjit Nagar area was found dead today in a park in south-west Delhi's Naraina area.
According to police, Ganesh was allegedly kidnapped from outside his residence at central Delhi's Ranjit Nagar last evening with the kidnappers having demanded Rs 1.5 lakh for his safe release.
The incident comes close on the heels of the brutal murder of a jeweller's son in east Delhi's Gandhi Nagar area after he was kidnapped for ransom.
The incident comes close on the heels of the brutal murder of a jeweller's son in east Delhi's Gandhi Nagar area after he was kidnapped for ransom.
#ranjit nagar #delhi #kidnapping #murder
"Ganesh's kidnapping came to light when his father, who is a fruit vendor, returned home and discovered that his son was not back from play," police said.
With the boy failing to return till late, his father went looking for him. He received the first ransom call at around 9.30 PM in which the caller demanded Rs 1.5 lakh for Ganesh's release, police said.
It was then that the boy's father decided to approach police. But even as police were trying to trace the kidnappers, Ganesh's body was found in the park this evening with the throat slit.
A case of murder and kidnapping has been registered and efforts are on to nab the accused. Police is also tracking the number from which the ransom call was made, the official added.
1

Jammu gunfight between militants & army ends; 11 deadJammu gunfight between militants, army end; 11 dead
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Fri 28 Nov, 2014
Jammu: Eleven people were killed in heavy firing between the security forces and infiltrators in Jammu and Kashmir which restarted Friday. The gunfight has now ended, ahead of prime minister's visit to the state, officials said.
A group of heavily armed militants sneaked into the Indian side of the border from Pakistan Thursday.
The gun battle started Thursday at Arnia in Jammu district and resumed Friday morning after a lull.
"Searches in the area had to be stopped after heavy firing exchanges started again at the site this (Friday) morning," a senior army officer told IANS here.
A total of 10 people were dead Thursday, but after searches in the area, another body was recovered Friday and the toll mounted to 11.
Officials said 11 people - four civilians, three soldiers and four militants - were killed in the fierce gunfight.
"Another dead body has been recovered during Friday's searches," the officer said.
"The toll has risen to 11... So far, four civilians, three soldiers and four militants have been killed," the officer added.
Sources said the lone surviving militant was presumed to be firing Friday from an abandoned army bunker in Pind Khote village of the R.S. Pura area. Police said they destroyed the abandoned bunker.
The firing has stopped and searches are underway, the officer said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address election rallies for the Bharatiya Janata party in Udhampur and Poonch districts ahead of the second phase of assembly elections Dec 2.
Recommend

India should not have called off talks: Nawaz SharifPakistan Prime Minister Minister Nawaz Sharif has said that India should not have cancelled the foreign secretary-level talks in August this year as the decision to hold talks were taken by both the prime ministers.
He added that the talks should not have been cancelled unilaterally.
Nawaz Sharif also insisted that was nothing new in consulting Kashmiri separatist leaders ahead of a crucial dialogue.
The Pakistan prime minister was quoted by PTI saying: 'We had been talking to the Kashmiri leaders in the past whenever Pakistan-India talks are held. This is nothing new as we have to seek the opinion of the Kashmiri leaders on an issue that concerns them the most.'
Nawaz Sharif also said that his country wants a meaningful dialogue with India on all issues.
Nawaz Sharif said during an in-flight press briefing late night on his return from the 18th Saarc Summit in Nepal that Pakistan wants to discuss all issues including Kashmir with India through a proper dialogue, Dawn online reported.
The PM also said that he would not let the country's dignity and image be destroyed by anyone.
On August 18, India called off the foreign secretary-level talks in an angry reaction to a meeting between Pakistan's high commissioner and Kashmiri separatists.
External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin conveyed the Indian government's decision following Pakistan High Commissioner Abdul Basit's meeting with separatist Kashmiri leader Shabir Shah for consultations before the foreign secretary-level talks.
Akbaruddin later told reporters that the high commissioner's meeting with separatist leaders "undermines the constructive diplomatic engagement initiated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his first day in office".
Recommend

Best to play the Brisbane Test: Ian ChappellTweet
0
Ian Chappell believes playing the first Test against India next week as planned could the best way for Australia's cricketers to deal with the tragic death of Phillip Hughes . The Test is due to begin at the Gabba next Thursday, but on Friday morning Cricket Australia's chief executive officer James Sutherland said the match seemed "a million miles away" and the subject of the Test had not yet been discussed with Australia's players.
The entire cricket community came together as one to mourn the loss of Phil Hughes.The South Australian Cricket Association chief executive officer Keith Bradshaw said on Friday that his understanding was the Hughes family wanted the Brisbane Test to go ahead, but much is likely to depend on how the players feel about the prospect. Chappell said while it had been appropriate for Cricket Australia to cancel this week's round of Sheffield Shield matches after Hughes was struck by a bouncer, the Test might be better off being played.
"In a strange way I think it'll be best for the players if they play the first Test," Chappell said. "They'll have to go to the practice nets, obviously, and when they're in the practice nets, when they're out on the field playing in the match, at least they'll be concentrating on what they've got to do, how the cricket match is going.
"Because they know that every know that every moment they're off the field, whether they're in the hotel, whether they're out or whether they're in the dressing room, they'll be thinking of only one thing and that'll be Phillip Hughes . And so I think to get their mind off of that and to realise that as hard as it might seem, life has to go on, I think that's the best way. They're cricketers. Playing cricket is probably the best way for them to get back into that frame of mind that life has to go on."
CHALLENGING FOR NSW PLAYERS
If the Test does go ahead as scheduled, it could be especially challenging for the New South Wales players who were on the field when Hughes was struck at the SCG on Tuesday. However, Chappell said that elite sportsmen had the ability to compartmentalise their thoughts, although he expected it would be difficult for the fast bowlers to send down a bouncer with their usual venom.
"I'm sure the first bowler who bowls a bouncer, it won't be the normal intent there," Chappell said "They'll be bowling it thinking I've got to bowl a bouncer, but I hope like hell it doesn't get up very high, I hope like hell it doesn't hit someone. And after a couple, they'll sort of get back into the swing of it.
"Batsmen - it's probably a bit easier for the batsmen, strange as that may seem. Because they're not going to be thinking about getting hit, they're just going to be thinking about how they normally play a bouncer, whether they try to hook it or whether they avoid it, whatever they do, that's what will be on their minds. It's probably going to be tougher for the bowlers in a strange way than it will be for the batsmen."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Modi to meets CMs on Dec 7 on Plan panel structureModi to meets CMs on Dec 7 on Plan panel structure
MR BSE to make even bigger investment in its new iconic Tower at GIFT City in Gujarat-MR BSE to make even bigger investment in its new iconic Tower at GIFT City in Gujarat-
Rupee Ends at 62.02  Falling for Fifth Straight WeekRupee Ends at 62.02  Falling for Fifth Straight Week
Can some one tell me should i invest in wipro or asian paintsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ithink it is the best time to invest in ralis india. it would now go t...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Some vested people already damaged this counter heavily & artificially...Platinum Member
142 Followers
Some vested people already damaged this counter heavily & artificially & trying hard to damage this counter further.Public Holding only 10% including High Net Worth Individuals.Anything below 55 it is an excellent buy.
11.00 AM Nov 29th  | Track

Morepen laboratory- potential multibagger- please read this and do not...Gold Member
331 Followers
Morepen laboratory- potential multibagger- please read this and do not sell morepen laboratory: the standalone operating profit per share had increased from 0. 16( 2010-11) to 0. 64( 2013-14), an increase of 300%. Where do we get it- go to financial in moneycontrol- go to ratio, you will get it. And the standalone net profit per share had increased from 4. 81( 2010-11) to 6. 74( 2013-14), an increase of 40%. Where do we get it- go to financial in moneycontrol- go to ratio, you will get it.
10.59 AM Nov 29th  | Track

Telangana s new industrial policy to ensure right to timely clearancesTelangana's new industrial policy to ensure right to timely clearances
ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Chandrasekhar Rao
(The policy prescribes a…)
HYDERABAD: The Telangana government has announced a new industrial policy, claiming it to be the world's first to ensure the right to timely clearances through legislation and holding officials responsible for delays.
The policy prescribes a single common application form for all clearances to be accorded by a nodal agency within 15 days for mega projects akin to the Singapore Economic Development Board.
The policy encourages industrial applicants to seek self certification but makes them liable for penal action in case of fraud.
Chief minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao unveiled the industrial policy in the state assembly on Wednesday, pitting against that of rival and Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu's single-window clearance system of granting approvals within a week.
Rao promised minimum inspection and maximum facilitation, apart from pledging robust industrial infrastructure along with dedicated power distribution to counter Naidu, regarded as an investor-friendly politician, on the industrial investment front. Rao said at least 20 lakh acres of land has been earmarked for industrial parks, promising at least two for each district. Telangana has 10 districts, including Hyderabad.
The assembly unanimously passed the Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self Certification System, or TSiPASS , Bill, which identifies 14 thrust areas including life sciences, defence, aerospace, IT hardware, automobiles, food processing and engineering and capital goods.
Rao has promised tailor-made incentives to mega industrial projects with an investment of at least Rs 200 crore employing a minimum 1,000 persons, in addition to the standard large category industry incentives. The standard incentives include reimbursement of stamp duty, value added tax, power and skill development costs, and subsidies for costs including interest, land, land conversion and infrastructure development.
The Telangana government also proposes sector-specific incentives through separate orders from time to time aimed at retaining existing investments and attracting large fresh ones.
Referring indirectly to the tax incentives and special category benefits likely in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh, the Telangana government said it would focus on rationalisation of taxes since distortions could lead to loss of revenue. Accordingly, it proposes to introduce inter-state tax rationalisation on industrial inputs and outputs with neighbouring states.
Taking a cue from the NDA government at the Centre, the Telangana Rashtra Samithi-led state government also proposes to scrap obsolete and draconian laws affecting industry. Rao told the house that the government will review laws and rules as part of this exercise.
Apart from setting up new industrial cities for pharmaceuticals and chemicals, the state government also proposes to develop six large industrial corridors connecting Warangal, Nagpur, Bengaluru, Mancherial, Nalgonda and Khammam. It has promised to prepare detailed master plans shortly for each of these corridors to be developed in two phases.
FEATURED ARTICLES

John Abraham shares his favourite vegan recipeJohn Abraham’s favourite vegan recipe — Exotic Vegetables with Almonds
By Editorial Team | TheHealthSite.com –  Wed 26 Nov, 2014 12:44 AM IST
Recommend
0
November is World Vegan Month.
We all know Bollywood hunk John Abraham is a fitness buff and follows a healthy lifestyle. Even though he isn’t a vegan, he enjoys eating exotic vegetables with almonds. He prepares it by adding a variety of vegetables like broccoli, mushroom, zucchini, making it a complete meal in itself. John Abraham shares his recipe in the book ‘The Vegan Kitchen: Bollywood Style!’ authored by Anuradha Sawhney. Here is the recipe excerpted from the book. This stir-fry is a tasty, healthy and filling dish. You can have this meal just by itself as a snack, or teamed with home-made oat noodles. Also read 10 health reasons which will convince you to go vegan.
EXOTIC VEGETABLES WITH ALMONDS 
1 packet (200 gms) mushrooms
1 head broccoli
3 to 4 leaves of bok choy
6-8 garlic cloves.
2 to 3 tsp light soy sauce
Freshly ground black pepper to taste
Salt to taste
Cut the mushrooms into quarters.
Break or cut the broccoli into bite-sized florets.
Do not peel the zucchini. Cut it into 2 lengthwise, then cut into 1” pieces.
Break the bok choy into 3 pieces each.
Peel the garlic and crush it lightly using a mortar and pestle. .
Blanch the almonds, till the skins are wrinkled. Peel and cut them into fine slivers. You should have about 1 tbsp of slivered almonds.
Put a non-stick pan over moderate heat and add the oil (optional).
When hot, add the garlic and sauté for 1 minute.
Add the mushrooms, broccoli and zucchini. Raise the heat to high, stir well and cover the pan. Let the vegetables steam for about 2-3 minutes. The mushrooms will release water in which they will cook. Be careful not to overcook the vegetables.
Open the pan and continue to cook, till the water starts to evaporate.
Add the bok choy, almonds and soy sauce. Stir-fry for 1 minute.
Remove from heat and add the pepper.
Taste and add salt only if needed as the soy sauce is salty.
Serve hot with steamed brown rice
‘The Vegan Kitchen: Bollywood Style!’ is a collection of healthy vegan recipes contributed by top Indian celebrities. It is authored by Anuradha Sawhney and published by Westland Ltd. It can be purchased online on  Flipkart.  Watch this space for more excerpts from the book.
Also check out more recipes by Bollywood stars:

Pope calls for Muslim opposition to IS in TurkeyBy: Associated Press | Ankara |
Posted: November 28, 2014 9:27 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 12:44 pm
Pope Francis urged Muslim leaders to condemn the “barbaric violence” being committed in Islam’s name against religious minorities in Iraq and Syria as he arrived in neighboring Turkey Friday for a delicate visit aimed at improving interfaith ties.
Francis sought to offer a balanced message as he met with Turkish political and religious officials at the start of his second trip to the Middle East this year. He reaffirmed that military force was justified to halt the Islamic State group’s advance, and called for greater dialogue between Christians, Muslims and people of all faiths to end fundamentalism.
“As religious leaders, we are obliged to denounce all violations against human dignity and human rights,” Francis told Mehmet Gormez, Turkey’s top cleric and other religious officials gathered at the government-run Religious Affairs Directorate. “As such, any violence which seeks religious justification warrants the strongest condemnation because the omnipotent is the God of life and peace.”
Francis condemned the “barbaric violence” by IS against Christians, Yazidis and other religious minorities and the destruction of their places of worship.
The Vatican has voiced particular concern about the expulsion of Christians from communities that have had a Christian presence for 2,000 years and has demanded that they be allowed to return home in safety once the conflict settles.
Francis’ three-day visit to the Muslim nation comes at a sensitive moment for Turkey, as it struggles to cope with 1.6 million refugees fleeing the IS advance in Syria and weighs how to respond to U.S. calls to get more engaged with the international coalition fighting the extremists.
Turkey has accused the group of casting a shadow over Islam and has said Muslim countries have a duty to stand up against its radical views. But Turkey is still negotiating with the United States over helping the coalition, pressing for a safe haven and a no-fly zone along the Syrian border with Turkey and demanding the coalition go after Syrian President Bashar Assad’s regime.
Turkey has long been accused of turning a blind eye to IS fighters entering Syria from its territory in the hope that it would hasten Assad’s downfall — charges it denies.
“Those who veer away from the message of Islam — which is a call for peace — and spread violence and savagery are in a state of rebellion against Allah no matter what they call themselves,” Gormez told the pope in stressing Turkey’s opposition to the fundamentalists.
He and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan both complained about rising Islamophobia in the West, with Erdogan saying prejudices against Muslims were helping fuel radical Islamic groups like the IS in the Middle East and Boko continued…

Vizag airport recovers from Hudhud blowVizag airport recovers from Hudhud blow
Our Bureau
Airlines eyeing for operations, new routes
Visakhapatnam, November 28:  
Visakhapatnam airport, ravaged by Hudhud on October 12, is well on the path to recovery, according to officials.
There was a drop in passenger traffic by around 30,000 in the first month after the cyclone, but it is picking up and is estimated to reach the pre-cyclone average of around 1 lakh passengers a month soon. Traffic is also expected to go up with a few more airline operators expected to launch flights in the coming months.
Proposed routes
“Air Asia has sought slots for operation of two flights from Vizag to Bangalore. They are expected to begin operations from December 15. Air India has asked us for the schedule to operate the Delhi – Port Blair flight via Vizag,” Airport Director C Pattabhi said.
He added, “The third aerobridge is ready for operation. The aerobridges can be operated only after roofing work is complete. The roofing material is expected to arrive by November 30 after which it could take about one-and-a-half months for complete restoration of facilities at the new terminal.” Silk Air, which operates a direct flight from Vizag to Singapore thrice a week, has resumed operations from November 16. Malindo is planning to operate direct flights thrice a week from Vizag to Malaysia from February 15, 2015. Though the airline operator has not made any formal announcement, passengers can log on the airline website to book their tickets. There is demand for an additional flight to Chennai in view of the high demand and flights to Ahmedabad and Goa.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Shiv Sena  Bharatiya Janata Party start power-sharing talks; 10 Ministries on tableAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is understood to have offered five Cabinet berths and an equal number of Minister of State posts to Shiv Sena in its Government in Maharashtra as the estranged allies yesterday began talks to chalk out a power- sharing formula after days of acrimony between the allies.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders Dharmendra Pradhan and Chandrakant Patil yesterday met Sena President Uddhav Thackeray at his residence here to thrash out a power-sharing arrangement between the saffron outfits, who parted ways on the eve of October Assembly polls after 25 years of partnership.
Pradhan is a Union Minister, while Patil is a member of the Devendra Fadnavis Cabinet in Maharashtra, where Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Government won a controversial trust vote earlier this month.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has offered five Cabinet and as many Minister of State berths to Sena in the round one of talks, highly-placed sources in the ruling party said.
“It was decided that we will offer the Shiv Sena five Cabinet berths and five MoS berths. This is what we can offer as far as Ministries are concerned. But yes, we are willing to negotiate on the number of state-run corporations (chairmanship) that we can offer to them (Sena),” they said.
The sources, however, refused to disclose the portfolios that have been offered to Shiv Sena, which had earlier insisted on Deputy Chief Minister’s post, a demand turned down by Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Talks between the former allies resumed after a gap of almost a month since the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Government came to power, a period during which leaders from both sides traded charges.
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) had offered unconditional outside support to the minority Government, but Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has maintained an ambiguous stand on taking backing of the Sharad Pawar-led party, which was attacked by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the issue of corruption during campaigning for the Assembly polls.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) was reportedly forced to resume talks with its estranged ally after facing flak from various quarters for being seen as taking support of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).
Several ruling party leaders, since the past fortnight, had been asserting that Shiv Sena is a “natural” ally of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and it was eager to have the Bal Thackeray- founded outfit on board the Fadnavis Government.
Chief Minister Fadnavis yesterday said his party is keen to join hands with Sena once again. Uddhav had, however, chosen to keep mum on Fadnavis’ comments and said he would talk to Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) when it initiates formal negotiations.
A senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader had said the Cabinet expansion is likely to happen either on November 30 or December 1, a week before the winter session of new Assembly beginning in Nagpur from December 8.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party Nationalist Congress Party Shiv Sena
More from miscellaneous

Row over BJP plans to see Raja Mahendra Pratap s birth anniversary in AMUAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
A row erupted yesterday over plans by Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to observe the birth anniversary of freedom fighter Raja Mahendra Pratap at the Aligarh Muslim University(AMU) campus with its Vice Chancellor warning of a potential “communal conflagration” and the saffron party defending the move.
Non-BJP parties like Bahujan Samaj Party, Samajwadi Party and Nationalist Congress Party also expressed “serious concern” over the likely repercussions of the commemorative event next Monday that will be marked by a rally and demonstration at Aligarh Muslim University(AMU) campus.
As the local and Uttar Pradesh state Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders stuck to their plans, the AMU Teachers’ Association (AMUTA) too voiced concern over “politicisation” of the campus.
Shah dashed off a letter to HRD Minister Smriti Irani, saying that if “certain elements” go ahead with their plans “it could lead to massive student unrest at the campus”. He, however, did not take the name of any party or outfit.
HRD Ministry said it has received the letter but refused to intervene on the ground that the matter could be best handled by AMU Vice Chancellor Zameer Uddin Shah who had given his nod earlier to hold the celebration but later revoked the decision.
“The issue concerns law and order they are best to judge the situation,” a senior Ministry official said.
Shah sounded a note of caution over the possibility of “communal conflagration if political machinations are not controlled”.
“Some elements are threatening to hold a demonstration on the grounds that Raja Mahendra Pratap donated large tracts of land for establishment of AMU and should be honoured accordingly,” he said.
Some local and state BJP leaders have decided to hold a rally on the campus on the birth anniversary of the Raja, an alumnus of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU), whose family was closely associated with Sir Syed Ahmad Khan, the founder of the premier institution.
They had recently claimed that AMU was built on land donated by Raja Mahendra Pratap but the varsity authorities “failed to acknowledge his contribution”.
The Vice Chancellor said that in order to defuse the situation, they had agreed to hold a joint celebration on Raja’s birth anniversary but there was no forward movement.
He urged the HRD Minister to use her good offices to put pressure on those political leaders “who are issuing statements and advise them to exercise a sobering influence”.
“AMU does not want to involve in politics and we need your urgent and earnest support in tackling this threat to the law and order,” he said.
Satish Gautam, the BJP MP from Aligarh, said the party will go ahead with the celebrations.
“On December one, we will celebrate Pratap Singh’s birthday. If the VC wants to celebrate in AMU I welcome it. If that doesn’t happen, the BJP has decided to celebrate inside AMU campus. The BJP will do it and there is no doubt about it,” he said.
Ram Shankar Katheria, junior HRD minister, said if BJP workers want to celebrate the birthday they are free to do so.
BSP Chief Mayawati accused the BJP of trying to spread communal tension while a local SP MLA Zafar Alam voiced “serious concern” over likely repercussions of the rally.
NCP leader Tariq Anwar accused the BJP of trying to worsen the communal atmosphere in UP.
Shah had earlier courted controversy by denying permission to undergraduate girl students to the campus library, saying granting such access would result in “four time more boys” to the library.
TAGS: Aligarh Muslim University Bharatiya Janata Party Raja Mahendra Pratap
More from miscellaneous

Govt brings in more curbs on study toursDisinvestment: Govt eyes fatter share sale kitty in 2015; gets Rs 18k cr in 2014
The government has further clamped down on overseas travel by officials and said that special permission will be required for foreign study tours.
Pointing out that a number of ministers have proposed foreign study tours of large delegations of officers as a part of training programmes, the expenditure department in the finance ministry has said, “Prior approval of the Screening Committee of secretaries would be required for all such tours of delegations exceeding five members.” The missive, which has been sent to all government ministries has said the norms would be applicable on all foreign study tours that are being funded by the government and are part of career training programmes or stand alone tours.
“(This is) in keeping with the government’s drive on economy and rationalisation of expenditure and to have an objective assessment of such tours,” the missive explained.
This is the latest in a series of measures by the government to cut down foreign travel by officials and ministers. While austerity measures announced earlier this month had banned first class foreign travel, a previous circular had restricted foreign trips to just four in a year for government officials. Officers have also been encouraged to participate in overseas events through video conferencing.
Soon after the new government was formed, the Cabinet secretariat had also said that ministers and officers would have to submit proposals of their foreign travels to the PMO at least 10 days in advance as well a list out tasks accomplished on the tour.
TAGS: Study Tours
More from economy
CBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case CBI has examined former Finance Minister P Chidamabaram in connection with the Foreign Investment Promotion Board...

Alia Bhatt  Sushant Singh Rajput to share screen space in Homi Adajanias nextWritten by Sonal Gera | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:16 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 11:56 am
If reports are to be believed, then the cinegoers can expect to see a fresh onscreen pair on the silver screen. It’s said that the ‘Highway’ actress Alia Bhatt can be soon seen sharing screen space with ‘Kai Po Che’ actor Sushant Singh Rajput.
The movie is touted to be a love story spanning across generations. So, one would see the young actors playing the perfect lovers set in two different eras. The movie will be helmed by Homi Adajania, whose latest venture ‘Finding Fanny’ fared quite well at the box office.
According to a report published in Filmfare, “Homi was looking for an unusual pair that could also deliver strong performances. And after mulling over it for some time, he and Dinesh (Vijan; producer) zeroed in on the two actors.”
The film is said to be Homi Adajania and Dinesh Vijan’s biggest movie in terms of budget. Likely to go on the floors mid-next year, the pre-production work of the movie has already started. The official announcement of the same is likely to be made soon.
Sushant is currently busy with the post production of his upcoming releases ‘PK’, where he plays an important role alongside Aamir Khan, Sanjay Dutt and Anushka Sharma and ‘Detective Byomkesh Bakshy’. He is also working for the Mahendra Singh Dhoni biopic and shooting for Shekhar Kapur’s ‘Paani’.
Alia, on the other hand, has just returned from Poland following her shoot schedule for Vikas Bahl’s ‘Shaandaar’ where she co-stars with Shahid Kapoor.

Ferguson rage: Mall closes on Black Friday as protestsspreadBy: Agence-France Presse | Ferguson |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:09 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 4:24 pm
Police arrested 15 people in the protest-hit St Louis suburb of Ferguson on Friday in more demonstrations demanding justice for an unarmed black teenager killed by police.
There have also been sporadic demonstrations around the United States after a Missouri grand jury decided earlier this week not to indict the white policeman who shot dead 18-year-old Michael Brown in August.
Monday’s announcement that officer Darren Wilson will not face charges sparked protests, looting and eruptions of gun fire in Ferguson, and demonstrators were again on the streets in the predominantly black suburb on Friday.
“Police in Ferguson issued warning to protesters leave streets. Some protesters ignored warnings. Were taken into custody,” St Louis County Police Department tweeted.
In a subsequent tweet, it added: “Confirmed: 15 arrested in Ferguson; one facing assault on a law enforcement officer charge. Other protesters remain peaceful.”

Modi promised jobs  gave brooms  says RahulBy: Press Trust of India | Chaibasa |
Posted: November 29, 2014 12:39 am
Rahul Gandhi Friday took a swipe at Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’, saying he had promised employment to people, but instead handed them broomsticks.
“Modi had said (in his Lok Sabha campaign) I will alone generate employment… I will alone build factories, roads and airports. But after forming government, he said you people take the broom, I am going to Australia,” Rahul told an election meeting here in West Singhbhum district.
Describing Modi as the “Prime Minister of 10 industrialists” without elaborating, Rahul said, “We want a development-oriented government rather than a government of moppers.” The Congress intended to empower people with laws like RTI, MGNREGA and Land Acquisition Act, he said.

Industry lauds govt steps on ease of doing b...Industry leaders laud government initiatives to improve ease of doing business
ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 04.19AM IST
Tags:
Ajit Seth
(Industry leaders said the…)
NEW DELHI: Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth discussed measures to improve investment climate in the country with senior government officials and industry representatives in a meeting on Friday.
Those who attended the meeting included secretaries of the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion and ministries of micro, small & medium enterprises, commerce and rural development. Industry was represented by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry, Confederation of Indian Industry and exporters.
Industry leaders said the investment climate was improving. "We are very optimistic. The government has informed us what they are doing and what all steps they would take," said RC Bhargava, chairman of Maruti Suzuki India. Various issues came up for discussion including skill development and taxation laws, he added
The government cannot work in isolation to improve the business environment, but needs to work with industry, said a DIPP official. "It was a very successful meeting, with all industry representatives giving key suggestions," this official said.
"The cabinet secretary has told us that things will not happen in 15 days but the government will continue to take steps," said Ficci President Sidharth Birla . "The level of engagement was positively different, with officials responding to industry concerns. Tough actions being taken now will start delivering results in 12 to 18 months time," he told ET.
Industry body CII too lauded the government's pro-active drive to improve ease of doing business. "With the milestone oriented approach and clear roadmap adopted by the government, CII is confident that India could see significant jump in World Bank's Ease of Doing Business ranking," said CII director general Chandrajit Banerjee .
India's ranking in the Ease of Doing Business index fell two places to 142 among the 189 countries in World Bank's latest report. The government has set itself a target of breaking into the top 50 in the next few years.
DIPP has already taken several measures and has proposed a series of steps, including drastically reducing the time for registration of business to one day, single registration of all labour laws and cut in the number of taxes to improve the business environment.
The department, the key driver of the ease of doing business reforms, will hold consultations with states next month in the second phase to take the process forward.
"We will be inviting chief secretaries from all states in the next phase, likely in December, to discuss best practices and areas for improvement. Manufacturing is a state subject and a majority of clearances is given by the states. So they need to be on board to carry out ease of doing business reforms," said the DIPP official.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold import curbs eased; 80:20 scheme scrapped80:20 scheme
(“It has been decided by…)
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: In a move that should cut premiums on gold, lower prices for buyers and cut smuggling, the government unexpectedly scrapped a rule imposed in August last year mandating that a fifth of all the precious metal imported should be re-exported.
The Reserve Bank of India issued a notification late on Friday withdrawing the norm imposed on August 14, 2013, to reduce the yawning current account deficit and relieve pressure on the rupee that had weakened sharply. At the time, emerging markets had come under pressure because of talk about the US Federal Reserve winding down its stimulus programme.
"It has been decided by the government of India to withdraw the 20:80 scheme and restrictions placed on import of gold," the Reserve Bank said.
The rule, along with the high customs duty of 10% — raised in stages to that level last year — had led to a rise in smuggling, besides distorting imports.
The government said the current account deficit is no longer a concern so there is no reason to keep the curb in place.
"Why continue with the emergency measure when the current account deficit is under control?" said a government official, adding that it had become counter-productive, leading to distortions and illicit imports.
The current account deficit narrowed to 1.7% of GDP in FY14 from 4.7% of GDP in the year before and is likely to stay at this level in the current fiscal year as well.
As of October, smuggled gold worth Rs 208 crore had been seized, about double theRs 107 crore caught in all of FY14.
The government was also concerned that the rule was encouraging importers to hoard gold, causing a distortion in trade. Friday's decision to scrap the restriction took the bullion markets by surprise as they were anticipating a tightening of rules following a surge in gold imports in October to around 114-115 tonnes from less than 25 tonnes a year. Speculation had been rife over the past few weeks about such a move. "This will reduce premiums on gold and bring down smuggling considerably," said Sudheesh Nambiath, senior analyst at precious metals consultancy GFMS Thomson Reuters.
However, there is expectation in some quarters that the government may impose suitably non-distorting curbs if imports remain high."The scrapping of the scheme altogether is a correct measure taken by RBI and domestic curbs will likely be imposed. Let them do that judiciously as we are concerned about our exporters, who should get seamless supply of yellow metal," said Pankaj Parekh, vice-chairman, Gems & Jewellery Export Promotion Council. Premiums on gold are collected by nominated agencies and other authorised importers such as star and premium trading houses that import the yellow metal on a consignment basis for supply in local markets. When supply is tight, premiums rise, and vice-versa.
Bullion dealers in Mumbai said premiums had collapsed from $8-10 an ounce to virtually zero after news of the government decision was aired on the electronic media.The price of spot gold, excluding 1% value added tax, polled by commodity exchange MCX stood atRs 26,140 per 10 gm, down Rs 157 from the previous close. The active December contract, which is nearing expiry on the bourse, fell by Rs 230 to .`26,017. Futures and spot prices tend to converge around delivery time.Last year, India imported 825 tonnes of gold. In January-September period, gold imports stood at 525 tonnes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Re ends at 62.03/$ | Jet up 20% as oil hits $72Jet Airways, SpiceJet rally upto 20% on falling crude oil price
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 28, 2014, 12.09PM IST
Tags:
Jet Airways
(Stocks surged after Brent…)
NEW DELHI: Airline stocks such as Jet Airways, SpiceJet surged in trade on Friday, after Brent crude oil plunged as much as $6.50 a barrel, and US crude dropped by nearly as much, posting their steepest one-day falls since 2011.
Brent crude oil prices came under pressure after OPEC decided against cutting output despite a huge oversupply in world markets. Benchmark Brent futures were down by $5.20 a barrel at $72.55, after hitting a four-year low of $71.25 earlier in the session.
Reacting to the news, Jet Airways surged as much as 19.99 per cent to touch its intraday high of Rs 322.05, while SpiceJet rallied as much as 7 per cent to hit its intraday high of Rs 16.50.
Aviation turbine fuel (ATF) is linked to international crude oil prices. ATF or jet fuel constitutes about 40 per cent of airlines' operating cost. Hence, a fall in ATF price prices will improve profitability and margins.
At 09:40 a.m.; Jet Airways was trading 12.6 per cent higher at Rs 302.40. It hit a low of Rs 286.30 and a high of Rs 302 in trade today.
SpiceJet was trading 5.7 per cent higher at Rs 16.30. It hit a low of Rs 15.80 and a high of Rs 16.50 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rallying for Swachh BharatUpdated: November 29, 2014 10:52 IST
Rallying for ‘Swachh Bharat’
Tweet
The Hindu
NCC cadets taking out a bicycle rally on ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ in Tiruchi on Friday. Photo: A. Muralitharan
A total of 84 NCC cadets of Bishop Heber College took out a cycle rally on Friday for a distance of 100 km from the city to Puliancholai for propagating the significance of ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’.
They distributed pamphlets to the villagers en route and explained to them the hazards of plastic wastes. They appealed to the people to contribute their share towards environment protection.
“We organised street-corner meetings at Manachanallur, Pulivalam, Thuraiyur, and Edavadi,” said P.V.Rajkar, Commanding Officer, 2TN Bn. Earlier, Paul Dhayabaran, principal of the college, flagged off the rally near the college. Lt. K.Premkumar, Company Commander, 2/3 Coy, NCC Army Wing, delivered a lecture on the importance of ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’.
Students will return to the college on Saturday, spreading awareness on the campaign en route.

Nigeria blasts: Boko Haram s reply to top cleric s war cryprint
Two bombs exploded at the mosque of one of Nigeria's top Islamic leaders Friday, a week after he issued a call to arms to fight Boko Haram.
At least 120 people were killed and 270 others wounded when two suicide bombers blew themselves up and gunmen opened fire in the latest chapter of violence in the African country where bombings, kidnappings and assassinations have become a routine.
The blasts happened at the Grand Mosque in Kano, the biggest city in the Muslim north of the country, just as Friday prayers had got under way at about 2:00 pm (1300 GMT). The mosque is attached to the palace of the Emir of Kano, Nigeria's second most senior Muslim cleric.
Police officers stand near wreckage at a scene of multiple bombings at Kano Central Mosque. (Reuters Photo)
The explosions came after civilian vigilantes in the northeastern city of Maiduguri said they foiled a bomb attack against a mosque, five days after two female suicide bombers killed over 45 people in the city.
"Two bombs exploded, one after the other, in the premises of the Grand Mosque seconds after the prayers had started," worshipper Aminu Abdullahi told AFP.
"A third one went off in a nearby road close to the Qadiriyya Sufi order. The blasts were followed by gunshots by the police to scare off potential attacks."
His account was backed up by another witness, Hajara Tukur, who said she lives nearby.
The emir, known officially as Muhammad Sanusi II, last week said at the same mosque that northerners should take up arms against Boko Haram, which has been fighting for a hardline Islamic state since 2009.
He also cast doubt on Nigerian troops' ability to protect civilians and end the insurgency, in rare public comments by a cleric on political and military affairs.
 
Influential figure
 
The Emir of Kano is a hugely influential figure in Nigeria, which is home to more than 80 million Muslims, most of whom live in the north.
Officially the emir is the country's number two cleric, behind the Sultan of Sokoto, and any attack could inflame tensions in Nigeria's second city, which is an ancient seat of Islamic study.
Sanusi was named emir earlier this year and is a prominent figure in his own right, having previously served as the governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria.
During his time in charge of the CBN, he spoke out against massive government fraud and was suspended from his post in February just as his term of office was drawing to a close.
Previous attacks
Boko Haram has repeatedly attacked Kano. On November 14, a suicide bomb attack at a petrol station killed six people, including three police.
An injured man is wheeled into hospital in Kano, Nigeria. (AP Photo)
The Islamists have a record of attacking prominent clerics. In July 2012 a suicide bomber killed five people leaving Friday prayers at the home of the Shehu of Borno in Maiduguri.
The Shehu is Nigeria's number three Islamic leader.
Boko Haram threatened Sanusi's predecessor and the Sultan of Sokoto for allegedly betraying the faith by submitting to the authority of the secular government in Abuja.
In early 2013, the convoy of Sanusi's predecessor was also attacked.
Andrew Noakes, co-ordinator of the Nigeria Security Network of security analysts, said the attack fit a pattern of violence targeting religious and traditional leaders seen as "allies" of the state.
He said it was possible that the group carried out the attack as a direct response to Sanusi's comments last week, although it may have been planned beforehand.
"Whatever the case, the group has sent a message to northern leaders that crossing them will have consequences," Noakes said in an email exchange.
Boko Haram attacks in recent months have ranged from the far northeast of Nigeria, across the wider north and northwest, using hit-and-run tactics, suicide bombings and car bombs.
The authorities in Cameroon, Chad and Niger have all expressed concern about Boko Haram's ability to conduct cross-border strikes, particularly as the dry season approaches.
 
Maiduguri targeted
 
In Maiduguri, the capital of Borno state, civilian vigilantes said they had discovered a suspected remote-controlled device planted in the Gamboru Market area of the city.
It was successfully defused by the police bomb squad but as the bomb was being made safe, another device exploded nearby. There were no casualties, as the area had been cordoned off.
"Our assumption is that the bombs were planted ahead of Friday prayers in the mosque just nearby," civilian vigilante Babakura Adam said.
"Of course, it's Boko Haram's handiwork because in the last few days several arrests have been made of suspected female suicide bombers."
Adam said the arrests were made on Wednesday and Thursday.
Fears have grown in Maiduguri about an upsurge in Boko Haram attacks, after the militant Islamists took over more than two dozen towns in Borno and two neighbouring states in recent months.
The use of concealed roadside bombs would be a departure for Boko Haram, which has previously used direct hit-and-run tactics, car bombs and suicide attacks as part of its deadly campaign.

Majeed returns; families of other IS-recruits fromKalyan hopefulComments
Areeb Majeed , who left his home to join Islamic State six months ago, returned from West Asia on Friday and was being questioned by the National Investigation Agency (NIA), officials said.
After Areeb's return to Mumbai, the families of the other three missing Kalyan youth- Fahad Shaikh, Saheem Tanki and Amaan Tandel who had gone along with Areeb to join IS - are expecting that their children too would follow suit. On Friday, many people gathered outside Areeb's house in Kalyan hoping to see the 22-year-old.
When HT visited Areeb’s home in Kalyan, his mother said that she had received the news of her son’s return from the NIA and was very happy with the development.
Facebook page that appears to have been set up by Areeb Majeed.
Parents’ of the other three youth claimed that the Indian government has played a vital role in bringing Areeb back to the country. They were hoping that the Centre will continue to help them bring their children back too.
Amaan Tandel’s father, Naeem Tandel said, “We are happy hearing this news. We now hope that the government will be able to get back our kids too. My child had a clean record before this incident happened, and has not harmed anyone.”
Dr Tanvir Shaikh, father of Fadad Shaikh, too was happy with Areeb’s return. “We have not received any calls from Fahad from last two months. If we receive any such call, we will contact NIA officials and ask them to help bring our kids back too.”
Shahim Tanki’s family was not available for comment but a relative, close to the family, said, “We are happy that Areeb is back and he will help the officials to trace the other three kids and also reveal the sources from they were brainwashed. The kids were innocent and the person who brainwashed should be booked and charged by the different agencies working on the case.”

Gentle giant  troublemaker Michael Brown s legacy continues to evolveFerguson hero Michael Brown's legacy evolves
AP
New York, November 29, 2014
First Published: 10:03 IST(29/11/2014)
print
For some Americans on opposite sides of a national debate, Michael Brown has become a symbol, epitomising their polarised views on who bears the blame for the toll of young black men killed by police officers. Brown was a gentle giant, in one version. A defiant troublemaker, in another.
Yet as more details of the 18-year-old's life and death emerge, his legacy in the eyes of many is more nuanced, reflecting the ups and downs and challenges faced by many young Americans. New protests - sometimes violent - erupted around the country this week after a grand jury decided not to indict the white police officer who shot the unarmed Brown.
A woman lies in the street during a demonstration against the grand jury's decision in the Ferguson shooting of Michael Brown, in Los Angeles on Friday. (Reuters photo)
"He was someone trying to come into his own, trying to grow up in a world that's not that friendly to young people," said Barbara Arnwine, president of the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law.
In the days after Brown's August 9 in Ferguson, Missouri, a warm, upbeat portrait emerged.
After academic struggles in high school, he had buckled down to get his diploma last summer and was soon to enter a technical college. Friends and family recalled a sizable young man - 6-foot-5 (1.96 meters), nearly 300 pounds (136 kilograms) - with a gentle, joking manner, a fan of computer games, an aspiring rap musician.
"His biggest goal was to be part of something," said Charlie Kennedy, a health and physical education teacher at Normandy High School. "He was kindhearted, a little kid in a big body."
Subsequently, some less flattering details surfaced. A toxicology report showed that Brown had marijuana in his system on the day he died. Ferguson police released a video showing Brown snatching some cigars in a convenience store and shoving the store clerk earlier in the day he was killed.
Then came the release of evidence and testimony presented to the grand jury that decided not to indict Darren Wilson. The officer testified that Brown scuffled with him while he was in his patrol car, trying to grab his pistol, and moments later - after stepping away from the car - started to charge back at him.
"The only way I can describe it, it looks like a demon, that's how angry he looked," Wilson testified.
Some grand jury witnesses disputed Wilson's testimony, saying Brown did not make a charge. But to Brown's detractors, the officer's account reinforced negative feelings about the young man and further fueled their efforts to make him a symbol for their pro-police arguments.
"Here's the lessons from Ferguson America," wrote rocker and conservative activist Ted Nugent on his Facebook page. "Don't let your kids grow up to be thugs who think they can steal, assault & attack cops as a way of life & badge of black (dis)honor."
The Rev. EW Jackson, a conservative black pastor based in Virginia, depicted Brown as "in many ways a typical kid growing up the black community."
"He imbibed a lot of negative attitudes about what manhood is all about," Jackson said. "I wish this kid could have been redeemed to go on to live a wonderful life."
"But something is wrong when you start wrestling with a police officer over his gun," Jackson added. "I have nothing but sympathy for his parents, but you can't absolve Michael Brown of responsibility for this situation."
A protester holds up a sign while demonstrating against Brown's shooting, outside of Macy's in Herald Square during the Black Friday shopping day in New York on Friday. (Reuters photo)
Arnwine, the civil rights lawyer, was infuriated that Wilson's negative testimony had been made available to the grand jurors and to the public.
"It was meant to portray Michael Brown in the worst possible way, as a foul-mouthed, violent, rude, aggressive person," she said. "It was meant to give people the impression of this scary black man who deserved to die."
She said the turnout of throngs of young people of all races at rallies and protests nationwide gave a truer picture of Brown's legacy.
"When you see their passion, hear the pain in their voices, you can see they honestly relate to this young man," Arnwine said. "They feel that he absolutely embodied the struggles that they are going through."
Cornell William Brooks, the president of the NAACP civil rights organisation, said he met Brown's parents and some of his young friends in the aftermath of the shooting.
"Michael Brown contained all the virtues and all the flaws of a great many young people, irrespective of race or class," Brooks said. "There was something about him, and what happened to him, that inspired young people to transform a local social-justice challenge into a global civil rights issue, something that spoke to their sense of conscience."
The intense scrutiny of Brown's life and the accompanying moral judgments have angered some of those following the case.
"It's not for us to say if he was angel or if he would have become a billionaire after he got his college degree," said James Peterson, director of Africana Studies and an associate professor of English at Lehigh University.
"I hate the narrative that it's more sad that he was two days away from starting college. What if he wasn't?" Peterson asked. "It doesn't matter what we think his legacy was. He was a human being who didn't deserve to have his life snuffed out."

UP  Delhi top in BJP membership overdriveComments
Within a month of launching its membership drive, the BJP has added over 9.2 million people to its ranks.
The drive was launched on November 1 by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. By November 27, more than 1.3 million had joined the BJP in Uttar Pradesh, the country’s most populous state that it swept in the Lok Sabha polls. Combined with neighbouring Uttarakhand, ruled by the Congress, the number stood at 1.8 million. “We are enrolling 55,000-plus members daily in UP and Uttarakhand,” BJP national secretary Arun Singh, one of the leaders in charge of the membership drive, said.
The saffron party is aspiring to become the world’s largest political outfit by surpassing the 86 million-strong Communist Party of China’s. The BJP currently has 32.5 million members.
In the Capital, where it has added 934,000 new members so far, the BJP has gone beyond the online or ‘missed call’ methods of recruitment, choosing to approach people on DTC buses, in universities, malls and colleges. “This time around we are using innovative methods to reach out to the masses,” said Ashish Sood, general secretary of the Delhi BJP.
City barbers have been asked to spread the word and various associations —such as Sikh cells, RWAs and even doctors’ bodies — have been tapped. The BJP has also tied up with coffee shops and eateries popular among the young.
BJP sources said ticket aspirants for next year’s assembly polls have been told to enrol as many new members as possible, and that this will be factored in during candidate selection.
With elections most likely in February, the Delhi unit is chasing a target of 2.8 million new members by January. “The membership drive will give our workers an opportunity to turn the new members into voters as well. That’s why the drive in Delhi will end on January 15 while it will continue till March across India,” said a senior BJP leader.
The membership drive has also been brisk in Maharashtra (856,000 recruits), Gujarat (750,000) and West Bengal (225,000).
“We want BJP workers in every booth. On November 22, BJP president Amit Shah reviewed the progress of the drive and requested state units to give it a big push,” party national secretary Shrikant Sharma said.
Shah, party sources told HT, has also set a target of enrolling 850,000 “active members” — who would be eligible to hold offices from mandals to the party’s central unit — from among the new or primary members.
Every active member, in turn, would be required to enrol at least 100 primary members instead of the present requirement of 25 members.
“We will prepare a database of all such workers who have enrolled online. We will give them party I-cards, have all their details and communicate directly with them,” Singh said.
The BJP plans to complete the ‘online’ membership drive by March 31, which will be supplemented with a ‘manual’ drive focusing on remote areas and people with no mobile connectivity.

GDP Growth Slows to 5.3% in Q2  Puts Spotlight on Reforms  Rate CutYou are here: Home Economy
GDP Growth Slows to 5.3% in Q2, Puts Spotlight on Reforms, Rate Cut
NDTV | Updated On: November 28, 2014 18:26 (IST)
RBI to Wait for 'Clearer Read' Before Cutting Rates in April-June
India's economy grew at 5.3 per cent between July and September, slower than 5.7 per cent GDP growth the economy clocked in the previous quarter. Friday's data was higher than estimates as most economists had expected second quarter GDP at just 5 per cent.
The slowdown will be a setback for the government, which had taken credit for the acceleration in GDP growth in the previous quarter, when the economy grew at the fastest pace in two and a half years.
A sharp slowdown in the manufacturing sector weighed on overall growth, data showed. India's manufacturing output grew at just 0.1 per cent as compared to 3.5 per cent in the previous quarter.
"The GDP growth number is slightly better than we expected because of better-than-expected agriculture growth," said Shivom Chakrabarti, senior economist of HDFC.
The slowdown in growth will put the spotlight on reforms, which analysts say must be fast-tracked to kick start the investment cycle. Lack of reforms in the construction and manufacturing sectors has been the biggest hindrance to capital investment in the country, analysts say.
Reforms related to land acquisition, labour, coal and power sector are expected to be taken up in the current session of Parliament.
"Now the onus is on the government to boost growth by reviving investment climate and get reforms moving like passing the land acquisition bill, goods and service tax, insurance bill. That will have a more pronounced impact on growth in the next fiscal year," Mr Chakrabarti added.
The slowdown will also lead to increased calls for a rate cut. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is likely to ask the Reserve Bank of India for a rate cut as early as next week.
"One cannot run fast with both hands tied to the back. So we need cost of borrowing to come down, for which interest rates have to be cut, as well as risk premium of doing business has also to come down, which will need government reforms," said Sujit Kumar Singh, economist at Union Bank of India.
However, the slowdown in economic growth is unlikely to impact stock markets. Analysts say GDP data is a lag indicator of the economy and markets have already factored in a 5 per cent growth in the September quarter.
(With inputs from Reuters)

A Look At Government s Efforts To Improve India s Ease Of Doing Business RankingA Look At Government s Efforts To Improve India s Ease Of Doing Business Ranking
Phil Hughes Death: First Test Could Be Rescheduled as Teary Clarke Pays EmotionaPhil Hughes Death: First Test Could Be Rescheduled as Teary Clarke Pays Emotiona
India Removes Major Barrier To Gold ImportIndia Removes Major Barrier To Gold Import
4 killed in restaurant fire in China4 killed in restaurant fire in China
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Nov 29:  
Four members of a family were killed and another two injured today when a fire broke out at a fast food restaurant in east China’s Zhejiang Province.
The dead include three men and a woman.
The fire broke out at about 1 a.m. at the restaurant in Cixi City and was put out 30 minutes later, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
The fire did not affect the houses nearby.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Our dressing room will never be the same Rest in peace bruzzy (Phillip Hughes): MichealClarkeBy: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: November 29, 2014 11:02 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 11:52 am
Captain Michael Clarke gave a graphic illustration of the raw emotions of the Australia team when he broke down repeatedly while paying tribute to former team mate Phillip Hughes on Saturday.
Making no mention of next week’s Test match against India, Clarke battled to hold back tears as he read out a statement on behalf of the players at the Sydney Cricket Ground, where Hughes suffered his fatal injury on Tuesday.
Hughes, 25, died on Thursday as the result of a catastrophic injury he sustained when struck on the head by a ball during a domestic match, triggering a wave of mourning in Australia and around the world.
“Words cannot express the loss we feel as a team right now,” Clarke said. “We are going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. He epitomised what the baggy green was about and what it means to us all.The world lost one of its great blokes this week and we are all poorer for it.”
Clarke, widely praised for the role he has played in comforting his friend and former team mate’s family, said the players had requested that Cricket Australia retire Hughes’s one-day international number, 64.
“They agreed. That means so much,” he added. “His legacy of trying to improve each and every day will drive us for the rest of our lives.
“Our dressing room will never be the same. We loved him and always will. Rest in peace bruzzy.”
Tributes continued to flood in from around the world for Hughes and indication of how deeply Hughes’s death has affected his fellow professionals came in the United Arab Emirates, where Pakistan are hosting New Zealand in a Test series.
The second Test had been postponed for a day after Hughes died and there was no celebration of wickets or centuries when it resumed on Friday.
“The game was irrelevant at that stage, that was just a natural reaction by a group of people whose mind was elsewhere,” New Zealand coach Mike Hesson told reporters in Sharjah.
“We didn’t bowl any bouncers and that was to show respect.”
HONOURING HUGHES
Back in Australia, Hughes was not forgotten as Saturday morning cricket was played across the country in blazing sunshine as it has been for more than a century.
Cricket Australia has encouraged teams at all levels to remember Hughes and both the score he had accumulated when the fatal blow struck him, 63 not out, and his Test number, 408, were in evidence on pitches around the country.
At a match between Sydney Boys and Shore schools in Centennial Park, just a stone’s throw from the SCG, a row of bats topped with cricket caps were lined up beside the pitch in tribute.
Cricket at the elite level has yet to resume with senior club matches cancelled in Sydney and continued…

State actors of Pakistan play a role in attempts to destabilise India: Home Minister RajnathSinghWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:32 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:10 am
Growing Islamic terror designs in the subcontinent is a major challenge for India, especially in the backdrop of some youth getting swayed by it, and there was no scope for taking this lightly, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Saturday.
Mentioning the attack in Arnia sector HM says that Pakistan claims non state actors are behind such incidents which is not true.
— HMO India (@HMOIndia) November 29, 2014
“Though ISIS is born in Syria and Iraq, it is a fact that the Indian subcontinent is not outside its radar, especially as some Indian youth are also getting attracted towards it. Moreover, al-Qaeda had recently announced formation of a new outfit for the Indian subcontinent, while it is for certain that Pakistani state actors are also involved in trying to destablise India,” Singh said. He was inaugurating the 49th All India Conference of DGPs and IGPs here on Saturday.
Singh however expressed confidence that these Islamic terror groups will never be able to succeed in India and said that majority of the Indian Muslims will not side with them. “I am sure these terror groups will never succeed in India. They may try to convert India into an Islamic country on the assumption that large numbers of Muslims will support them. But the fact remains that Indian Muslims had fought and sacrificed equally with others for India’s idependence,” Singh said.
He particularly referred to al-Qaeda’s announcement in September of new outfit for the Indian subcontinent called Qaeda-ul-Jihadi, with intentions of specifically targeting Gujarat, Assam, Bihar, Jammu & Kashmir and Bangladesh, and identified this too as a major challenge.
“Moreover, the South Asia wing of al-Qaeda has claimed it had tried to hijack a Pakistani naval frigate with the intention of attacking Indian and US naval vessels. Some people of the Pakistani Navy were also involved in this. But I am confident our police and security forces will be able to strike back at any such attempts,” the home minister said.
On Left-Wing extremism, the home minister however said that the influence of Maoist tterror groups had reduced last year. “Left-Wing extremism has to be put to an end at all cost. We are ready to talk, but cannot allow any violence to occur,” he said. Singh also suggested better coordination among para-military forces and state police forces in tackling Left-Wing extremism, and called for giving the leadership role to officers of the state police.
On the Jammu and Kashmir situation, Singh said recruitment of local youth by terrorist groups had gone down. “But whenever there is an incident, Pakistan puts the blame on non-state actors. I would like to ask Pakistan, why can’t its ISI ascertain who these non-state actors are? What we know is that Pakistani state actors too are involved in trying continued…

Board of CEAT approves allotment of shares under QIPBoard of CEAT approves allotment of shares under QIP
HAL clinches Rs 100-crore order from Mauritius govtHAL clinches Rs 100-crore order from Mauritius govt
Axis bank is finding strong resistance around 480-485......short on ri...Platinum Member
261 Followers
Axis Bank is Finding Strong Resistance around 480-485......Short on Rise With SL @494 For Dec Expiry Targets of 460-450-430-425
11.36 AM Nov 29th  | Track

Online ad market in india likely to grow 30% in fy15 total value of on...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Does any one have any knowledge of whats the resistance beyond which a...New Member
3 Followers
Not resistant its call support and I think the price cannot drop below 500. This will be strong support. There are operators who will take it at this point. If you study DLF you will know how operators can hold a stock prices up.
In reply to : djstark message
11.54 AM Nov 29th

Sir yu need to track my posts regularly for getting on my reco updates...Platinum Member
5229 Followers
Sir yu need to track my posts regularly for getting on my Reco updates , At present I rembr my buy calls are open in Lincoln Pharma , Shreyas Shipping , NGL Finechem , MM Forgings , SNL Bearing etc these I can rembr at present
In reply to : mihir61 message
11.35 AM Nov 29th

Teens not hooked to Facebook anymore: studyProperty portal Housing.com raises $90 mn from SoftBank Group, Falcon Edge, others
Teens are increasingly spending less time on Facebook than on instant messaging apps, with many saying the social network is not as “cool” as it used to be, a new study involving 170,000 internet users says.
As many as 50 per cent participants in the study said they were using Facebook less frequently than they did in the past.
When you look at just the teens in the US and the UK, 64 per cent said they are spending less time on Facebook because they are bored, marketingpilgrim.com reported.
Twenty seven per cent of teens said Facebook is not as cool as it used to be. As many as 29 per cent said they are not on Facebook as often.
The study noted that teens are still communicating digitally, but now they are doing it via Instagram and messaging apps.
According to the GlobalWebIndex (GWI) Social Summary for Q3 2014, even though Facebook has more users, activity such as photo sharing and messaging has fallen off by 20 per cent in the last two years.
This could prove that apps are eating into Facebook’s business or maybe people are just getting bored with sharing their entire life in videos, pictures and 20 word blurbs.
The report found that although Facebook has a drop in active users, its Messenger is very popular among teens, leaving even WhatsApp behind as the most used messaging app.
TAGS: Facebook Instagram Whatsapp
More from industry

E-comm players gear up for Google s e-shopping festivalBlack Friday
(Sites that offer price comparisons, couponing and…)
BENGALURU: Many online sites are gearing up for a surge in business with a fortnight of discounts during the ongoing Google-led online shopping festival followed by Black Friday and Cyber Monday next week. The affiliate sites are creating 'howto' guides for best deals in different categories, anticipating a four-fold rise in traffic and a similar jump in revenue.
Sites that offer price comparisons, couponing and best deals may come up on top by creating 'how-to' guides during the GOSF (Google Online Shopping Festival). Smaller e-commerce merchants also gain from the rising traffic, given that they offer niche products and comparable discounts.
Typically, GOSF aims to tap firsttime shoppers, which constituted a large chunk — nearly 30% — during the 2013 festival. "This year, we have five times the number of merchants against when we started GOSF in 2012. Though there are 250 million internet users, only 35 to 40 million users shop online. Our idea is to get more and more first-time shoppers to experience this," says Nitin Bawankule , industry director for e-commerce, local and classifieds at Google India .
"While Black Friday and Cyber Monday are not Indian phenomenon, we have created a GOSF section specifically on Desidime to help shoppers. Diwali and GOSF make up nearly 30% of our annual revenues and last year the traffic went up by 120% during GOSF. We will be adding 20 additional servers this year in anticipation of the volumes," says Mehul Jobanputra , CEO and co-founder of Desidime.
Given that 14 days of pre-GOSF which would showcase 14 different e-commerce players offering their best deals, affiliates will turn a channel for product discovery and collating updated deals. "Price wars are likely on key days and it is a big question whether the featured e-commerce players offer their best deals on the day they are featured or on days when their competitors are featured,leading to never-seenbefore discounts.
Given the technical interruptions last year and earlier this year for the shopping festivals, there is a better amount of preparedness," says Swati Bhargava, co-founder of cashback and coupon site Cash-Karo, which is expecting four times the traffic and three times the revenues during the GOSF days. The smaller e-commerce players reach out to a larger audience, expecting to benefit from the rising traffic. Last year, smaller players registered twice the traffic during GOSF.
"GOSF is a good platform for the smaller players who do not have the marketing muscle. The listing will be random and will rotate so as not to have any specific merchant's name on top. However, greater the number of categories the merchant offers, better the presence," says Bawankule.
Many smaller e-commerce players register a repeat customer base of up to 50% due to the exposure during the event. "During GOSF, there is a bump which remains. Many of our partners reported a 50% rise in repeat customers' post-GOSF and the festival benefits everyone in the ecosystem. The overall sales go up nearly three times.
The idea to launch a microsite is to help people search for best deals which are catalogued based on the brand or categories," says Sameer Parwani, CEO and founder of Coupondunia . The affiliate site started its dedicated microsite for GOSF on Monday. Incorporated in 2010, the couponing website was acquired by Times Internet earlier this year.
Digital media network Komli Media, which ran a series of deals and coupons ahead of the GOSF pre-party between November 17 and November 23, indicated better results for smaller players, given that the top e-commerce players will be holding on to their deals in anticipation of GOSF.
"The increase in transactions for the bigger players has gone up by 20 to 30% while smaller e-tailers have seen a jump of nearly four times the usual transactions over a period of two days," says Sandeep Balani, director, publisher development at Komli Media, which incentivised affiliates as part of its offer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Phillip Hughes death: A memory  a lessonNovember 28, 2014, 12:06 am IST Economic Times in ET Commentary | Sports | ET
8
By Boria Majumdar
Was we come to terms with one of the worst tragedies in contemporary sports history, there are some larger questions that continue to stare at us.
Are medical facilities adequate at all levels of cricket in India? Shouldn’t the presence of an ambulance and basic medical amenities be made compulsory not only in first class games but also in grade cricket all over the world? Is this tragedy not a warning that fatalities can indeed occur on the field of play and that we need to be adequately prepared for such tragic occurrences?
These concerns are especially pertinent when we note that the pitches used for grade cricket are more often than not substandard and batsmen can often succumb to injuries caused by uneven bounce. While there is absolutely no one who can be blamed for Phillip Hughes’s death, it does raise a concern about the nature of protective gear used by the batsmen.
Should the grill also be made compulsory in helmets? If a batsman gets hit on the face despite wearing a helmet and the ball sneaks in through the uncovered area – as had happened in the case of Sachin Tendulkar at Sialkot in 1989 – a fatal injury can actually occur. Especially when the ball is hurled at 90 mph.
To think that a hugely talented cricketer can fall to an injury despite wearing a helmet is simply inconceivable. While it draws attention to the hard nature of the sport and speaks about the fragility of the whole exercise, it also tells us that precautionary measures continue to be far from adequate in all parts of the cricketing world.
There is little doubt that Australia has lost a talented cricketer. Hughes was tipped for greatness by many and was all set to make a comeback in place of the injured Michael Clarke in the first Test in Brisbane starting December 4.
What makes the tragedy all the more unfortunate is that he was wearing a helmet. While the manufacturer has said that it was of an older make, it doesn’t mean that Hughes could or should have died. But he did.
A five-and-a-half ounce (155.9 gm) seasoned ball did take away one of the best contemporary cricketers and that’s the hard truth we have to come to terms with. It is also an eye-opener for those who question why players are highly paid, why they wear protective gear all over and suggest players show bravado by not wearing a helmet. There is no place for false bravado on the cricket pitch. For the sport to go on – and go on safely – we need rules to be put in place by the ICC.
More importantly, cricket boards across the world will have to ensure that these rules are acted upon. While accidents may not occur every day, that they still do is enough cause for concern. Death on the cricket field is the worst thing for the sport and it is also perhaps the best opportunity to act. People have questioned if the ambulance arrived a few minutes late and if that resulted in valuable time lost.
While such conjecture has little basis in fact, there are many cricket games in India where there is no ambulance present. Let alone minutes, it can take hours for an ambulance to brought to a first class cricket match in any part of India. That’s, perhaps, a takeaway for the BCCI from the Phil Hughes tragedy.
While we mourn Hughes it is important we spare a thought for Sean Abbot, the 22-year-old New South Wales fast bowler who bowled the fatal ball to Hughes. He is in no way responsible for the tragedy, but will forever have to live with this trauma. It is the responsibility of the entire cricket fraternity to stand united behind this youngster.
The game will move on with time and Phillip Hughes will become confined to one of the game’s worst memories. If that happens, it will be a disservice to Hughes. Let him forever be with us as a lesson and not just as a memory.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Fruitful career snatched by cruel twist of fate: BCCI on Phillip s demiseAustralian cricket
(Phillip Hughes would be…)
MUMBAI: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) today expressed "deepest condolences" to the family of Phillip Hughes after the Australian cricketer passed away today following a head injury he had sustained during a Sheffield Shield game in Sydney two days ago.
"On behalf of the BCCI, I express my deepest condolences to the family and friends of Phillip Hughes who passed away, days before he turned 26, and left an indelible mark on the cricketing community," Indian cricket board secretary Sanjay Patel said in a statement.
The 25-year-old cricketer, who was in contention for a Test recall for the upcoming series against India, died at the St Vincent's Hospital in Sydney, where he was battling for life after being hit on the head by a bouncer from Sean Abbot during a domestic match between New South Wales and South Australia on Tuesday.
The BCCI added, "A fine cricketer who possessed the talent and temperament to have a long and fruitful international career has been snatched by a cruel twist of fate.
"As a member of the Australian cricket team which toured India recently, he brought immense joy to the cricket fans of our country and would be missed for time immemorial by the cricketing community of the world. May his soul rest in peace."
The cricket fraternity from across the globe reacted with shock and sadness at the sad demise of Hughes, who succumbed to his injuries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why Pappu Yadav is Lalu Prasad s new headachePappu Yadav sees opportunity to become mascot of Yadavs amid waning influence of Lalu Prasad
Ashok Mishra, ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 10.26AM IST
Tags:
Lalu Prasad
(Of late, Pappu Yadav has…)
PATNA: Laid low by the humiliating drubbing in the Lok Sabha elections, RJD is now troubled by its over-ambitious MP from Madhepura, Rajesh Ranjan, alias, Pappu Yadav. A section of the party has openly backed the burly politician who has tried to portray the image of Robin Hood image in Bihar's North Kosi and Seemanchal area.
Of late, Pappu Yadav has become very active, as he sees an opportunity to become a political mascot of the numerically strong Yadavs as RJD chief Lalu Prasad has been forced to take a back seat due to health reasons and conviction in a case.
Pappu Yadav had charted an independent course by floating the Yuva Shakti Sanghathan and launched agitations against doctors but the RJD leadership has reasons to believe that he has been buttressing his case at the expense of the party.
"RJD youth workers have been asked to keep away from the Yuva Shakti Sanghthan of Pappu Yadav. The party will initiate action against them if they are found participating in the programmes. Yuva Shakti is not a frontal organisation of RJD, nor has it any right to use the party's flag for any purpose" RJD president Ramchander Purve said, hinting at action against Yadav for breaching party discipline. The five-term MP, as acquitted in the Ajit Sarkar murder case in 2013, however, remains unfazed despite the warning of the party leadership .
"Laluji is our undisputed leader, and we are fighting for the cause of the poor people. Again Yuva Shakti is an organisation which is fighting for the rights of impoverished and downtrodden. Bu those who want to weaken the party are issuing statements against me. These people don't have any ideology nor they have any base," the MP said.
Lalu Prasad's popularity notwithstanding, the MP commands a following of his own in Seemanchal and Kosi. He had even won from Purnea Lok Sabha seat as an independent candidate and fared better than JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav in Madhepura. His wife Ranjita Ranjan is a Congress MP form adjoining Supaul seat.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mulayam Singh s grand nephew to marry Lalu Prasad s youngest daughterMulayam's grand nephew to marry Lalu's youngest daughter; marriage may forge new alliance
By Subodh Ghildiyal, TNN | 28 Nov, 2014, 08.25AM IST
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: It is being talked about as the merger before the merger.
Days after the announcement that Mulayam Singh Yadav's Samajwadi Party and Lalu Prasad's RJD may come together in a new incarnation of Janata Dal, it is learnt that the two Yadav pashas may end up in a closer clinch through matrimony.
It is learnt that the Samajwadi Party chief's grand-nephew Tej Pratap will soon tie the knot with Lalu Prasad's youngest daughter Raj Lakshmi. Tej Pratap has just entered Lok Sabha from the family stronghold of Mainpuri after Mulayam vacated the seat. The engagement may be in mid-December with a lavish wedding being planned for February.
The coming together of the Yadav chieftains in kinship would erase biter memories of how they sparred and manoeuvred during the 1990s for leadership of the Mandal classes.
Mulayam has publicly regretted that Lalu vetoed his name for prime ministership in the United Front government in 1997. The Samajwadi had seemed set to take over as PM after Congress forced H D Deve Gowda out until Lalu, at the peak of his glory then, put his foot down, leading to rethink which saw I K Gujral emerge as the collateral beneficiary.
As the news trickled out, the political class wagged jestfully if the marriage was the prelude to the mega merger that the Janata Dal breakaways are planning. The Samajwadis called it "good news" that "netaji" was relishing.
Not that this is the first time Lalu and Mulayam are said to be turning friendship into relationship. The possibility was the subject of tenacious gossip during 1990-2000 but never came to pass. Only this time it may be for real.
The Yadav duo ruled the post-Mandal "secular" politics, with Uttar Pradesh and Bihar that account for a huge chunk of Lok Sabha seats as their fief. While Mulayam remained a constant claimant for the Lucknow throne, Lalu set a record of sorts with three terms in Bihar.
The times have changed though. While SP is still in power in Lucknow with a brute majority, Lalu is a pale shadow of his past self, relegated to being a middleweight player in Patna who is also barred from contesting elections because of conviction in a fodder scam case. However, the fact that he continues to have command over a significant section of the electorate in his state, will ensure that he stays in play.

Omar Abdullah unfit for Chief Minister s post: CongressChief Minister
(The spokesman said that…)
JAMMU: In a scathing attack on Omar Abdullah for accusing Congress of "opportunism and falsehood", Congress today termed him as being "unfit" for CM's post.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah yesterday hit out at Congress for trying to take credit for all the good work done by NC-led government and described the attitude of the party as the highest example of "opportunism and falsehood".
"We thought Omar Abdullah is young and energetic and that he can deliver well. However, we were wrong. He was unfit for such a prestigious position. What has Omar Abdullah achieved in these 6 years?" Congress spokesman Salman Nizami said here tonight.
The spokesman said that to hide the failure of his government on every front, Omar was making false accusations against the Congress.
"This government did no good to the constituencies we represent. Our (Congress) constituencies were discriminated," he said.
The Spokesman said that the Congress is the only party which is committed to equitable development of all the regions of the state.
"The people have to make a right choice in these elections," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata s stake in Snapdeal still the biggest endorsement for Indian e-commAmazon
(The minority investment…)
NEW DELHI: Tata Sons Chairman Emeritus Ratan Tata holds less than 1% stake in Snapdeal, India's largest online marketplace, according to documents filed by the company with the ministry of corporate affairs (MCA).
The total value of the 73-year-old billionaire's 0.17% stake in New Delhi-based Snapdeal as of September, translates to $3.1 million (about Rs 20 crore) to $3.4 million (about Rs. 21 crore), taking into account the latest round of funding raised by the company, estimated at $627 million (Rs. 3,880 crore), and which valued it at between $1.8 billion (Rs. 11,147 crore) and $2 billion (Rs. 12,386 crore), post-money, in October earlier this year.
However, Tata's investment, which was made in his personal capacity and was announced in August earlier this year, is being seen as the biggest endorsement of India's nascent, yet hyper-competitive e-commerce industry, given his stature as corporate India's biggest brand ambassador.
"Last January we were down to our last $100,000 in the bank. From there to getting someone like Tata on board, it is a validation of the journey we have had," said Bahl, 31, who co-founded Snapdeal with his school mate Rohit Bansal in 2010, in an earlier conversation. The company has grown 600% annually the last two years, said Bahl.
Moreover, the minority investment by India's biggest corporate czar is also seen as an acceptance by India's traditional business houses of India consumer internet sector
The exact investment, which has been made through an entity called RNT Associates , however, has not been disclosed by his representatives or by Snapdeal.
According to documents filed by the company with the MCA, venture capital firm Kalaari Capital , which was earlier known as IndoUS Venture Partners, held a 21.1% stake in Snapdeal as of September, making it the largest institutional investor in the company, prior to Japanese telecom and internet conglomerate SoftBank sealing the latest round of funding last month.
Others, such as, Nexus Venture Partners, through two investment vehicles, held between 18.5% and 19% in the company, while the founders, Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal controlled about 14% of Snapdeal, which also includes the founder stock option pool.
In 2014 alone, Snapdeal raised almost $1 billion (Rs. 6,193 crore) from investors, a list that includes, technology giant eBay , Temasek Holdings , the sovereign investment arm of the government of Singapore, the world's largest asset manager BlackRock Inc and PremjiInvest , the investment arm of Wipro chairman Azim Premji .
However, post the latest round, SoftBank is believed to own between 30% and 35% of the company. The founders, Bahl and Bansal, have also participated in the new round, which saw only a few of the company's investors, largely those who came in earlier this year, putting in an undisclosed amount.
2014 has been a landmark year for India's e-commerce industry, with the three major companies - Snapdeal, Flipkart and Amazon - duking it out for top honours in an increasingly attritional battle.
While Flipkart raised $1 billion (Rs 6,193 crore) from investors in July, Amazon Chief Executive Jeff Bezos announced that the world's largest online retailer would pump in $2 billion (Rs. 12,386 crore) in its Indian unit expand operations, as it bids to capture a dominant share of the world's biggest emerging consumer market after China.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ungli review: This Emraan Hashmi starrer gives a big thumbs up to clichd dialoguesCast: Emraan Hashmi, Randeep Hooda, Kangana Ranaut, Sanjay Dutt
Rating: 2/5
If paradoxes are par for the course in Bollywood, here's a freshly baked one: Emran Hashmi's Ungli is like the Aamir Khan-starrer Rang De Basanti, except that it so totally isn't. 
On a superficial level, the similarities between the two films are in your face: Like the 2006 starrer, Ungli too has a force of young vigilantes who set out to clean the system, and with it the country, of evil, corrupt and morally bankrupt people in positions of power. Like RDB, the foursome is woken out of their careless slumber after they lose a friend to the ways of the world. So, okay you know what happens next: the friends are sucked into a vortex of corruption, and they have to eventually tread on the wrong side of law to get their friend some semblance of justice.
Trouble is, Ungli has only this, and only this much, common with RDB. Everything else about this apology of a 'coming-of-age celebration' of India's youngsters falls flat on its face, and it is definitely not going anywhere. 
Let's put it thus: Even if we were to ignore the acting skills (or the complete lack of it) of everybody who claims to be an actor in this film, there is just no way you could live peacefully with the cliched, irritating dialogues in the film. Ungli is a torture, to say the least, and you certainly deserve a better deal on how to spend your 90 minutes. Sample this Emraan Hashmi gem when he tries  to cheer up a despondent and depressed Sanjay Dutt. “Ansuon se sirf whisky dilute hoti hai.” Got that! Want more? 
Watch: Ungli is a mix of cliched dialogues and bad acting
The only thing funny in this film is, perhaps, Kangana Ranaut's accent. It sure will make you giggle from time to time.
So here's what Ungli is all about. For the first 20 minutes, you don't get to hear anything other than that weird word: Ungli. It's irritating, to put it mildly. Randeep Hooda, Neil Bhoopalam, Kangana Ranaut and Angad Bedi are a group of young vigilantes who have taken it upon themselves to rid the society of malevolent characters like a corrupt government officer, an overcharging autorickshaw driver, bribe-taking traffic constables and even a selfish politician. They kidnap these men to teach them a lesson in ways that would remind you a lot of Saw, with all the videotaping and ‘do that or we will kill you’ vibes (nothing that graphic and sinister though).
Their modus operandi? When they are done dealing with their victims, they send the videos of the entire punishment session to all the news channels with a personalised message.
Of course, the police goes berserk and the commissioner (nice to see Raza Murad after so long) assign the task to Sanjay Dutt who in turn takes help from Emraan Hashmi, another police office who is sort of a misfit in the ‘khakee wardi.’
Hashmi gains the trust of the vigilantes and is then faced with the inevitable choice: should he turn them in or continue with them in their noble task?
So,  does Ungli have even one redeeming factor? Actually, it has one. The only way you can enjoy this mindless film is by looking at the fun side of the 'witty punishments' the vigilante foursome unleashes on its victims. Ah yes, even the dialogues: They are so miserable that you just cannot the miss their fun side.

Brisbane Test in doubt after Hughes episodeMore
Gabba Test in doubt as players mourn
Doubts remain over whether the first Test between Australia and India will go ahead next week after the death of Phillip Hughes.
By Brydon Coverdale | ESPNcricinfo –  Fri 28 Nov, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Doubts remain over whether the first Test between Australia and India will go ahead next week after the death of Phillip Hughes . The Test is scheduled to begin at the Gabba next Thursday but Cricket Australia's chief executive officer James Sutherland said that seemed "a million miles away" as the players continued to grieve for their friend and team-mate Hughes, who died on Thursday.
An Australian flag flies half-mast on Tuesday."Everyone wants to know about cricket and when it goes on, and what's happening," Sutherland said in Sydney on Friday morning. "We all love cricket and no one loved cricket more than Phillip. Cricket will go on, and it will go on when we're ready. To be honest, we haven't broached that subject with the players yet.
"We will in time. To be honest, they've got other things on their mind. I know for many people, seven days doesn't seem very far away, next Thursday, but in other ways it's a million miles away. We'll get there when we can."
Players and family and friends of Hughes met at the SCG on Thursday night to mourn and reflect on Hughes' life and the tragic accident, being hit in the neck by a bouncer during Tuesday's Sheffield Shield match in Sydney, that ended it. All of Australia's squad members for the first Test have also flown in and were gathered at the SCG on Friday.
There, they were spending time with team doctor Peter Brukner and Cricket NSW doctor John Orchard, who treated Hughes at the SCG on Tuesday, as well as team psychologist Michael Lloyd. Pat Howard, Cricket Australia's executive general manager of team performance, said the focus was simply on helping the players move forward day by day, and they were looking no further ahead.
"We're not going to talk about the first Test," Howard said. "We know it's there. What we're focused on is today. We've brought the whole team in. The Australian Test team [is] here. Today is about grieving, about dealing with the questions.
"We need to make sure the players are in the position where they can make strong choices, and that's not now. Any choices [will be made] with the Hughes family and where they are and involving them, and that's obviously not now either ... We'll do whatever we can, whatever the players need to deal and cope with this. We'll do whatever we can to help and support the Hughes family. We're going to focus on people first rather than the cricket."
It is impossible to imagine at this stage how the players would cope with walking out for a Test match less than a week after Hughes' death. Funeral details are also yet to be confirmed. Sutherland said he had spoken to Hughes' father Greg on Friday about how much the Hughes family loved cricket.
"I can remember just in the last few hours, conversations with Phillip's father, telling me just how much he and the family love cricket, and Phillip loved cricket more than anyone," Sutherland said. "He would want nothing more than for the game to continue, but as I said before, the game will continue at Test level, when we're ready."
India's tour match against a Cricket Australia XI in Adelaide, scheduled to be played on Friday and Saturday, was cancelled on Thursday night. Sutherland said the BCCI had been extremely supportive given the tragic circumstances.
"We've been in constant contact with the officials from the Indian cricket board and I've got to say that their understanding and empathy has been absolutely outstanding," Sutherland said. "They completely understand the situation. They're doing everything they can to do that.
"They'll prepare themselves in the best way possible. They understand that these are unique and extraordinary circumstances and I guess if the Test match goes ahead, both teams will have a very different sort of preparation."
There has been an outpouring of support from the international cricket community following Hughes' death, but also from the grassroots level. The Twitter hashtag #putoutyourbats has found support around the world, with people placing their cricket bats at their front doors or front gates in honour of Hughes.
Cricket Australia has also recommended that batsmen retire having scored 63 in junior cricket this weekend, instead of the traditional retirement score of 50. Hughes was on 63 for South Australia when he was struck by the bouncer on Tuesday.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

10 fitness apps to download todayTop Health and Fitness Apps
Live healthy with technology.
If you own a smart phone - or are looking for a reason to buy one, how about this: Technology can lead you toward a healthier, more wholesome lifestyle.
Here on Healthy Living, we track and review for you, the coolest, most effective apps that can help you on your journey to a healthier way of life.
When it comes to losing weight, accountability is key -- and smartphone apps can help with that. Here are a few top (mostly free) choices to get you on the right track.
Even better, research supports ... more 
When it comes to losing weight, accountability is key -- and smartphone apps can help with that. Here are a few top (mostly free) choices to get you on the right track.
Even better, research supports using apps to shed weight -- a study from Northwestern University in the US says that using a mobile app as part of your weight-loss program can help you drop as much as 6.8 kilos and keep it off for at least a year. less 
1 / 14
Yahoo Lifestyle | Photo by Thinkstock
Wed 29 May, 2013 10:30 AM IST

Ecommerce: After Flipkart row  CCI gets complaint against online retailersDisinvestment: Govt eyes fatter share sale kitty in 2015; gets Rs 18k cr in 2014
Fair trade regulator CCI has received a complaint against online retailers for indulging in alleged unfair business practices through their ecommerce schemes, Parliament was informed today.
“The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has received information alleging anti-competitive conduct in respect of certain online retailers,” Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
The information assumes significance as Flipkart’s ‘Big Billion Day’ sale on October 6, as well as those by Snapdeal and Amazon that offered steep discounts on various products, had raised concerns among small and big traders that such campaigns would badly affect players in the traditional retail market.
Among others, traders body CAIT had demanded the Commerce and Industry Ministry take steps to monitor and regulate online businesses.
The Confederation of All India Traders had also sought a probe into the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies to find out how they are offering huge discounts in the ongoing festive season.
Replying to a separate question on national investment and manufacturing zones (NIMZs), she said in-principle approval was given to as many as 17 zones out which nine are located outside Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor.
“Master planning of all NIMZs under DMIC region has been completed except the Dadri Noida Ghaziabad Investment Region,” she said.
NIMZs are conceptualised as integrated industrial townships of at least 50 sq km (5,000 hectares) with latest and modern infrastructure.
TAGS: Ecommerce Flipkart Nirmala Sitharaman Snapdeal
More from economy
CBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case CBI has examined former Finance Minister P Chidamabaram in connection with the Foreign Investment Promotion Board...

New human case of H7N9 bird flu inChinaBy: Reuters | Shanghai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:24 am
China confirmed a new human infection of the deadly H7N9 avian influenza virus, state news agency Xinhua said, the first case this winter in the southern province of Guangdong.
A 31-year-old woman surnamed Deng, from the provincial city of Dongguan, was confirmed on Friday to have been infected with the virus, Guangdong’s health and family commission said in a statement on its website. The patient, in critical condition, is being treated in the provincial capital of Guangzhou, it added.
The H7N9 bird flu first infected three people in China in March 2013. Since then, it has since infected more than 450 people, killing 175 of them.
In March, police in southwestern China detained three people for spreading rumours about the bird flu strain.

With fund lifeline cut off  Lal Bahadur Shastri s memorial may be historyYou are here: Home > Collections
With fund lifeline cut off, former PM Lal Bahadur Shastri's memorial may die a slow death
Ritika Chopra, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 10.48AM IST
Tags:
Ananth Kumar
(Faced with shortage of funds,…)
NEW DELHI: For a historical figure being constantly appropriated by various political parties, there seems to be little financial support for keeping former prime minister Lal Bahadur Shastri's memory alive.
Faced with an acute shortage of funds, the memorial to him that was established at the behest of the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government is finding it difficult to make ends meet and is in danger of having to be wound up.
Located adjacent to Congress president Sonia Gandhi's residence, the memorial that's run by a trust won't receive financial help from the culture ministry from this year following a decision taken by the UPA-II government. The trust's financial woes have been compounded by a cabinet decision taken by the current NDA government to stop financing birth and death anniversary celebrations of all national leaders except Mahatma Gandhi. Union ministers Ravi Shankar Prasad and Ananth Kumar are among the current members of the trust while Vajpayee is the founder-trustee.
According to the late PM 's son and Congress leader Anil Shastri, the trust 's resources are fast depleting. "Like Shastriji, the trust 's corpus is very modest. We had Rs 42 lakh which has now been reduced to Rs 35 lakh since the ministry of culture has decided to not give us annual grants for running and maintaining the memorial. We have also encashed a fixed deposit of Rs 5 lakh recently", Shastri, who is also the holding trustee, told ET.
He said he's written four letters to Prime Minister Modi since August urging him to reconsider the cabinet decision and direct the culture ministry to start disbursing funds again. If no help is forthcoming, the trust will have little option but to close down the memorial, he said. "The PM took Shastriji's name thrice from the ramparts of the Red Fort. I wrote my first letter to him on August 20 thinking he holds Shastriji in high regard. None of my four letters has even been acknowledged by Modiji. If we keep spending money at this rate, we'll soon have to raise money outside and if we can't manage enough, we'll close it and hand over the keys to the culture ministry," he said.
Aside from the ruling party, the Aam Aadmi Party too has cited the former PM. One of Lal Bahadur Shastri's sons, Sunil Shastri, joined the BJP last year, while a grandson, Adarsh Shastri, is with Aam Aadmi Party. The bungalow where Lal Bahadur Shastri lived for many years as a Union minister and later as Prime Minister, was converted into a memorial by the Vajpayee government as per a Cabinet decision taken in 2000. Shastri is among the three Prime Ministers of this country who died in office, apart from Indira Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru.
The memorial was formally inaugurated by the then PM Manmohan Singh in 2005 in the presence of Vajpayee.
According to Anil Shastri, since the memorial was an initiative taken by the government, it was "understood" that the culture ministry was its administrative body. From the financial year 2006-07 to 2011-12, the memorial received almostRs 60 lakh from the ministry--an average Rs 10 lakh a year. The trust received another Rs 10 lakh this year, the culture ministry's last grant.
The ministry is of the view that it has supported the memorial financially for a fairly long time and that the trust should take over its management now.
"Firstly, we are not the administrative ministry of the memorial. Secondly, in 2010-11, when the previous government examined the process of giving grants for voluntary organisations and societies running memorials, it was felt that the culture ministry should only give a one-time grant to them. So, this year, we have given the trust another Rs 10 lakh as the last grant, over and above all the help we have already extended. It's not feasible to sustain this arrangement forever," said an official of the ministry. "Unlike, say the Babu Jagjivan Ram Trust which got a corpus ofRs 50 crore from the government, we hardly have anything," Anil Shastri said.
"We employ a curator for the museum, gallery attendants and office staff and there are conservation expenses. The management of this place costs about Rs 12 to Rs 15 lakh per annum. If the government has decided to discontinue grants then maybe they should create a corpus of Rs 5 crore which can be held jointly by the trust and the ministry. The trust will only use the interest earned from the corpus to run the memorial. I have also suggested that the National Museum can take over and manage the memorial without any involvement of the trust," he said. "Shastriji was the PM of a country and he died in office. The onus of maintaining his memorial is also on the government, which established it in the first place," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Energy security more important than rules: CAGCAG
(Referring to CAG report, RIL said…)
NEW DELHI: The national auditor, in a clear departure from its past stance, has asked the oil ministry to let national interest and energy security determine its approach towards commercial discoveries instead of niggling with procedural issues and sought "critical review and rationalisation" of contractual provisions that have troubled the industry.
In a keenly watched report on production sharing contracts for oil and exploration firms tabled in Parliament on Friday, the Comptroller & Auditor General (CAG) said in view of energy security, the country cannot afford to lose out on even a small discovery as it urged the government to speed up approvals of budgets and work programmes of blocks, which have been delayed by as much as 16 months after the end of the fiscal year.
The auditor also kept an eagle eye on the expenditure and claims by companies such as Reliance Industries, Cairn India and state-run ONGC, citing contractual provisions in observations about lapses. The report revealed that the price of crude oil produced from Cairn India's Rajasthan block had still not been finalised by the government, making payment of royalty, tax and state share of profit, tentative. It also recommended disallowing some costs of Reliance Industries in the KG-D6 block, and noted that state-run ONGC sold its share of gas from a joint venture to Torrent Power at a price lower than what was prescribed.
This report of CAG was keenly watched because its previous audit had made stern observations that prompted the oil ministry to initiate action against Reliance Industries. This led to arbitration and the company said its contract has a provision only for a financial audit, not the comprehensive performance audit by the CAG.
In what should cheer industry, the latest report highlighted huge delays in approvals of budgets for oil and gas blocks and called them a matter of concern.
"Timely approvals for budgets and development plans, efficient decision-making on the part of government in respect of valuation of hydrocarbons, signing commercial agreements, etc, are areas where delays are a matter of concern," it observed and urged the ministry of petroleum and natural gas (MoPNG) and the directorate general of hydrocarbons (DGH) to take timely action.
The ministry has already informed the audit team that DGH had given an assurance that from next year, the work programme and budget would be received by December 31 and all efforts would be made to approve it in three months. CAG said certain provisions of the contractual regime needed a thorough relook.
"Provisions relating to relinquishment of contract area, declaration and assessment of the viability of discoveries and their commerciality, sharing of risk, approval of development plans are some of the areas in the existing PSC model, which may require critical review and rationalisation so that there are no loose ends or vagueness."
  It demonstrated this approach in its scrutiny of hurdles to exploration activity carried out in what is defined as a "discovery area", where Reliance Industries had spent $427 million.
CAG observed that "normally" the entire expenditure of $427 million would have to be disallowed for cost recovery because of certain contractual provisions.
"However, from a pragmatic point of view, it has to be kept in mind that the exploration has resulted in commercial discovery viz D34 for which a development plan has already been approved. In three other cases viz D29, D30, D31 discoveries, review of commerciality is under finalisation," CAG noted.
"At this stage, keeping in mind the national interest and energy security, audit recommends that MoPNG should accept sharing of exploration cost of only those of the above mentioned wells which resulted in a commercial discovery and disallow the cost recovery of $118.99 million already effected by the operator on the remaining wells," it said.
Responding to the CAG report, RIL said it had "differences " on "basic issues" with the national auditor. "Our attention has been drawn to the CAG report tabled today in the Parliament. There are obvious differences between the CAG and RIL on certain basic issues concerning the Production Sharing Contract (PSC). Once we receive a formal communication of audit exceptions by the government, we will respond to the government in accordance with the provisions of the Accounting Procedure under the PSC and also exercise such other rights as are available to us in law," RIL said.
On the issue of gas reserves in the producing fields of the KG-D6 block, which turned out to be much lower than what was envisaged in the field development plan (FDP), the CAG report noted that the oil ministry and DGH are responsible for scrutinising the FDP before approving it.

Stalled power projects expose PSBs to Rs 96K...You are here: Home > Collections
Stalled power projects expose PSBs to risk of Rs 96,484 crore
ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 04.41AM IST
Tags:
DDT
(“The impact is due to likely…)
NEW DELHI: The finance ministry on Friday said the impact of cancellation of coal block allotment on state-run banks is estimated at Rs 96,484 crore.
"The impact is due to likely stoppage of production of power plants," minister of state for finance Jayant Sinha told the Lok Sabha. In a written reply, Sinha said the cancellation of coal blocks and its impact on the asset quality of banks may arise in future depending upon the time of resolution of this issue.
The NPAs in the coal sector for public sector banks stood at Rs 549 crore as on September 2014.
Sinha also informed the House that bad loans in the aviation sector for the state-run banks stood atRs 2,446 crore at the end of September. The amount of write off, including one-time loan settlements done by PSBs, stood at Rs 34,409 crore at the end of March 2014.
BANK CAPTILISATION
The government is planning to reduce its stake in public sector banks to 52%, which can fetch the exchequer Rs 89,120 crore, minister of state for finance Jayant Sinha told the Lok Sabha.
He said the government is "considering" to bring down its equity in PSBs, which will substantially reduce the requirement of budgetary provision for infusion of capital in public sector banks. "The reduction of government share in equity capital of PSBs to 52% will enable mobilisation of Rs 89,120 crore approximately on the basis of current market price on November 21," he said. At present, the government holding in PSBs ranges from 56.26% to 88.63%. Public sector banks require equity capital of Rs 2.4 lakh crore by 2018 to meet Basel III norms. For the current fiscal, the government has allocated Rs 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation.
NO RELIEF FOR SEZS
The finance ministry has rejected the commerce and industry ministry's demand to remove the minimum alternate tax (MAT) on special economic zones.
"Ministry of commerce and industry had recommended the restoration of original exemption from MAT and DDT to SEZ developers and units. However, ministry of finance has not agreed," commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharama said in a written reply to Lok Sabha.
The levy of MAT and dividend distribution tax (DDT) on SEZs has reduced their attractiveness for the units located in these zones and also for developers.
COMPLAINTS AGAINST E-TAILERS
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has received a complaint against online retailers for indulging in alleged unfair business practices, the government said on Friday.
"The Competition Commission of India has received information alleging anti-competitive conduct in respect of certain online retailers," Sitharaman told the Lok Sabha in a written reply.
On October 6, Flipkart had in its 'Big Billion Day' sale offered steep discounts on various products. Traders' body Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) had demanded the commerce and industry ministry take steps to monitor and regulate online businesses.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Elegance ousts opulence as India Inc GeNext ...As GeNext ties the knot, India Inc shuns opulence for elegance
By Vijaya Rathore, Pritha Mitra Dasgupta & Glynda Alves, ET Bureau | 29 Nov, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Corporate scions want to focus on finer aspects — such as food, hotels, receiving guests & choosing return gifts — rather than spending mindlessly. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: 'Small', 'intimate' and 'family and close friends only' have had a different meaning when it comes to Indian weddings. Ditto for spending: sums considered sensible or over-the-top have been usually relative. Personalised invitations, romantic venues, perfect settings and great food are a given; however, there's a new mantra wafting round the shamiana. Welcome to the Big Fat Indian Wedding 2.0(14).
And look no further than the nuptials of the progeny of some of India's best-known corporate names, starting with this weekend, for the details.
No doubt HDFC's Deepak Parekh could've pulled in the Bollywood badshahs to shake a leg at his younger son Siddharth's marriage on November 29 and media baron Aveek Sarkar could have done the same for his daughter Chiki's wedding on the same day in Delhi. Ditto for ICICI's Chanda Kochhar , whose daughter Aarti will tie the knot on November 30.
Add to that the forthcoming lagan of ad world legend Sam Balsara's daughter Lara in mid-January in Mumbai, and the justsolemnised weddings of Pepsi-Co's Sanjeev Chadha's son Kabir on November 28 and IPG Media Brands India CEO Shashi Sinha's daughter Ritika on November 21, and it's clear that the watchword for these corporate stalwarts — or at least their children — are personalised festivities rather than conspicuous consumption, preferably away from the media melee.
Given the net worth of the families, they could splurge like the BFIW of yore, with budgets going up to Rs 500 crore. But leading wedding planner Vandana Mohan says, "Spends have stabilised. No one is going crazy or spending money mindlessly." For these corporate and professional scions, spending time on the finer details —like receiving guests and choosing return gifts — is as important, if not more, than spending money.
Agrees Samhit Garg of E-Factor Entertainment, "Corporates want to keep their functions understated, focus on good-quality hotels and food rather than spending excessively on every aspect of a wedding."
Smaller, relaxed dos at unexpected venues as well as famous fivestar hotels, leading up to the main event — often in an offbeat setting — are the new normal, with plenty of opportunity for power powwows (given the parents' friends circles) as well as good fun (given their offsprings' diktat!).
While 'out of the box' choices for invitation cards continue — Barkha Athania from The Wedding Company mentions "Save the Date cards printed to look like movie tickets or plane tickets, 3D wedding cards and booklet cards, and even one on individual iPads" — the accent is increasingly on distinctiveness and discreet spending rather than unadulterated opulence. According to Chef Himanshu Taneja of Mumbai's JW Marriott, "People are opting for elegance over gaudy weddings. But that doesn't mean it is cheaper. We hosted a wedding this June that worked out to Rs 13,000 per plate and the venue to Rs 1.5 crore. Even working professionals are willing to spending money but it's not a waste. They are being practical because they get value for money.

The  plot  thickens: Taxmen find Rs 10 crore in top Noida babus carComments
Income tax sleuths found Rs. 10 crore stashed inside a car belonging to Noida’s engineer-in-chief Yadav Singh during raids in connection with illegal sale of plots in the NCR town, officials said on Friday.
Singh secured the key post under the previous Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) regime in Uttar Pradesh, and under his watch the local authority signed pacts with construction firms for projects worth Rs. 954 crore within eight days in December 2011, investigators said.
He was suspended by the Samajwadi Party government in 2012 over allegations of embezzlement but made a comeback after being cleared in an inquiry.
I-T department also seized two kilograms of gold and jewellery from Singh’s Noida residence apart from Rs. 10 lakh cached in another vehicle.
Raids continued for the second day on McConn Infra Private Limited and Meenu Creations Private Limited in the National Capital Region (NCR) following allegations that the two companies got 30 to 40 plots in Noida through bogus shareholdings in Kolkata.
“These shares were later offloaded. In this way, those who purchased the shares got plots. All these transactions were made in the last three to four years,” said Krishna Saini, director general of income tax (investigation).
Singh’s wife Kusumlata was a director at Meenu Creations and held a similar post at McConn Infra till 2013.
Saini said Rs. 40 lakh was recovered from the residence of Yadav’s associate Anil Peshwari – a director at McConn.
Investigators said McConn likely hoarded excess stocks and some of its benami properties were also being probed.

UPA had no intention to work for the people: Prakash JavadekarHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Two-day DGP conference begins today; PM  Home Minister to attend meet11
0
New Delhi: A two-day conference of the state DGPs and IGs will commence in Guwahati city of Assam on Saturday. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Rajnath Singh will attend the meet which is being held outside the national capital for the first time.
The conclave will also discuss about terror outfit Islamic State's presence in India.
PM tweeted about his visit to the northeastern states. "Later today, I would embark on my visit to the Northeast. I am eagerly looking forward to being there & interacting with people," the tweet read.
The conclave will also discuss about terror outfit Islamic State's presence in India.
#narendra modi #rajnath singh #dgp conference #guwahati
Apart from Assam, PM also plans to visit Manipur, Tripura and Nagaland, according to the tweet. "Rich natural resources combined with talent of our youth gives our Northeast the potential to play a key role in our development journey," the PM tweeted.
Another tweet read, "India will not develop till the Northeast develops. We are committed to realising the potential of the Northeast & accelerating its progress."
3

Ishrat case: Vanzara tells court he only followed orders22
0
Ahmedabad: Jailed Gujarat IPS officer DG Vanzara on Friday told a special CBI court that he executed the 2004 Ishrat Jahan encounter on orders given by his superior on the basis of inputs received from Intelligence Bureau (IB). He made this submission through his lawyer during hearing on his bail plea.
His counsel VD Gajjar told CBI court judge KR Upahyaya that the IB, in an affidavit before the Supreme Court in August, had clearly mentioned that the four persons killed in the encounter were terror suspects and the claim was supported by a statement of David Headly, a 26/11 plotter.
According to the CBI charge sheet, the inputs about the terror suspects coming to Gujarat were given to then Ahmedabad Police Commissioner KR Kaushik. The inputs were forwarded to Vanzara, then a DIG, through his superior Kaushik, he said.
Vanzara was not aware about IB's inputs and he only executed the operation on the instructions of his superior. However, the central agency did not make Kaushik an accused in the encounter case, Gajjar said.
#ahmedabad #fake encounter #vanzara #ishrat jahan
Vanzara was not aware about IB's inputs and he only executed the operation on the instructions of his superior. However, the central agency did not make Kaushik an accused in the encounter case, Gajjar said.
In the FIR, CBI relied upon statements of some police inspectors, who said they took part in the encounter on the orders of their superiors. Vanzara also did the same, then why was he "framed" while his superiors were not named accused by the agency, he asked.
Gajjar said CBI had not made four IB officials linked to the case (Rajendra Kumar, Tarun Mittal, MK Sinha and Rajiv Wankhede) accused and only Gujarat Police officers were named in the charge sheet, he maintained.
CBI lawyer LD Tiwari said the probe agency had not received sanction from the Union Home Ministry, as required under Section 197 of CrPC, to proceed against the IB officers.
Section 197 of CrPC provides that no public servant can be prosecuted for an alleged offence committed during discharge of official duty without the government's nod.
Responding to this, Gajjar said CBI did not opt for any such permission before naming Vanzara or any other Gujarat Police officer in the charge sheet. The court, after hearing the submissions, adjourned the matter to December 5.
Ishrat (19), a college girl from Mumbra near Mumbai, and three men accompanying her - Javed Shaikh alias Pranesh Pillai, Amjadali Akbarali Rana and Zeeshan Johar - were shot dead allegedly by Gujarat Police near here on June 15, 2004 on suspicion that they were on a terror mission.
CBI, after a probe, concluded the encounter was "fake" and carried out jointly by Gujarat Police and IB. Besides Vanzara, over a dozen policemen, including IPS officers, were charged with murder and criminal conspiracy.
8

Jet Airways to switch to single full service model from MondayHi Guest
Jet Airways to switch to single full service model from Monday
To introduce 'Guest First' programme to attract corporate customers; its market share and load factor lower than rivals Jet Airways will roll out a single full-service product from next Monday and stop its no-frills ‘Konnect’ offering. The move is aimed at boosting occupancy and increasing yields. The airline had launched the Konnect service in 2009 to complement its full-service offering and Konnect now constitutes 60 per cent of its domestic inventory. The airline is also planning ...

Thailand parliament sets Yinglucks impeachment dateThailand parliament sets Yingluck’s impeachment date
PTI
Tweet
Bangkok, Nov 29:  
Thailand’s military-stacked legislature has pushed ahead with plans to impeach ousted former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in what analysts say is an attempt to neuter her family’s influence in politics for good.
Yingluck, Thailand’s first female premier and the sister of fellow ousted premier Thaksin Shinawatra, was removed from office in a controversial court ruling shortly before the army toppled the remnants of her elected government on May 22.
Despite being forced out of office, the military plan to impeach her over her administration’s loss-making rice subsidy programme which — while popular among her rural powerbase — was a driving force behind protests against her now toppled government.
The kingdom’s National Legislative Assembly, a loyalist body filled with junta appointees, had voted on Friday to bring an impeachment hearing in the New Year.
“The opening of impeachment set on January 9 at 10 am and I think the whole process will take about 30 days,” assembly member Jetn Siratharanont told AFP.
Yingluck’s legal team had hoped to delay the hearing so that they could gather more evidence but their request was denied.
Analysts say the impeachment proceedings are part of a wider campaign to make sure her family — who are loathed by the military and Bangkok—based royalist establishment — cannot enter office again.
“This is all part of the attempt by the junta to eliminate the Shinawatras from Thai politics,” Pavin Chachavalpongpun, an expert on Thailand and staunch junta critic at Japan’s Kyoto University, told AFP.
“The junta is trying to install infrastructure, through drafting a new constitution and also through a series of pending cases, to make sure that if there is ever another election someone like Yingluck — or someone closely associated with her — will not be able to stand,” he added.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Australia intercepts Sri Lankan asylum seekers  turns back mostBy: Reuters | Perth |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:51 am
Australia has intercepted a boatload of Sri Lankan asylum seekers off the coast of Indonesia, handing back all but one to Sri Lankan authorities, who arrested them for breaching immigration laws. The Sri Lankans are the first to be turned back in five months as Australia’s highest court hears a test case challenging the government’s right to intercept asylum seekers’ boats outside its territorial waters.
Australian border protection staff intercepted the vessel carrying 38 asylum seekers on November 15, and transferred the passengers to a Sri Lankan naval boat where their applications for refugee status were assessed, Immigration Minister Scott Morrison said on Saturday.
One passenger was accepted for further processing and 37 were returned to Sri Lankan authorities, Morrison said in a statement. The individual will go to one of the offshore processing camps the government runs in Papua New Guinea and the tiny South Pacific nation of Nauru for further processing, he added.
The rest are being held in custody and will face court, the Australian Broadcasting Corp. reported, quoting Sri Lanka’s superintendent Ajith Rohana. “Investigations are being conducted by the anti-people smuggling unit of the Criminal Investigation Department,” Rohana told the broadcaster.
The number of asylum seekers reaching Australia pales in comparison with other countries but it is a polarising political issue, on which Prime Minister Tony Abbott campaigned heavily before last year’s election win.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has intervened in the test case, reflecting the level of international concern over Australia’s treatment of asylum seekers on the high seas. Australia received 16,000 applications for asylum last year, just under 0.5 percent of the 3.6 million lodged worldwide, UN figures show.

Microsoft says its tech better equipped than FB or Google for last-mile connectivityBhaskar Pramanik
("...there are many choices…)
NEW DELHI: Microsoft India Chairman Bhaskar Pramanik has taken a pot shot at rivals Google and Facebook over their proposals to tackle the country's last-mile broadband connectivity problem, and said the technology that the software giant is offering is potentially more effective to take high-speed Internet to remote villages.
India has become the latest battleground for the three US majors, as they aim for the telecom department's contract to provide last-mile connectivity as part of the over Rs 20,000 crore national broadband project. Google is experimenting with a network of helium balloons to relay signals to places that are hard to reach for traditional networks, while Facebook is considering using drones. Microsoft's technology, called TV White-Space, uses unused spectrum in frequencies used by TV channels to carry data.
"I can't imagine a drone hovering over the Earth for long periods of time and a balloon not drifting away, while here you can use solar power, an antenna that is used for simple TV broadcast and a device or router which is powered by solar which can provide the connectivity," Pramanik told ET.
The local unit of the Redmond, Washington-based company has sought a licence from the telecom department to deploy a working example of the technology in Bangalore as proof of concept.
Facebook declined to comment, while Google did not reply to an email seeking comment.
Google's Project Loon aims to provide "inexpensive" Internet access across India through a network of helium-filled solar-powered balloons placed in the stratosphere at an altitude of about 32 km. Pilot projects are underway in New Zealand, California and Brazil.
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has previously played down the effectiveness of Google's balloons, saying they have a shorter life than drones and can't survive the rigour of weather patterns. "This means drones have more endurance than balloons, while also being able to have their location precisely controlled," he had said in a white paper on drones earlier this year.
Facebook's Connectivity Lab is developing massive, yet light, solarpowered drones which will be able to fly for years at a time and serve as large connectivity hubs, the division's engineering director Yael Maguire had said. The first of these drones may well be deployed in India, ET reported earlier this month.
"So there are many choices we have as a nation - we can use 2G, 3G or 4G, we can talk about balloons or drones. But my belief is that this is one other technology which can be used," Pramanik said.
Microsoft is not talking about running a network, but more about creating a technology meant for emerging markets, he said. "We'd like government, nations and telecom companies to use it."
The radio interface developed by Microsoft functions like Wi-Fi router on a bigger scale. It provides wireless connectivity across a 10 km radius with speeds of up to 16 Mbps, a much larger area and speeds than the typical routers set up for commercial use today.
Using White-Fi and dynamic spectrum, there is possibility of extending the network coverage by 10 kms from each of the 250,000 touch points and then connect another router and extend it by another 10 kms, effectively blanketing the country, Pramanik added.
  Under an ambitious Rs 1.13 lakh crore 'Digital India' initiative, the government plans to use the national optic fibre network project to deliver e-services in areas such as health, education to every nook and corner of the country. The network, which is positioned to form the backbone of the Digital India programme, will be deployed only at the gram panchayat level. Reaching the end consumer -homes, schools, hospitals and other institutions - may still require wireless technology, especially in hard-toreach areas.
Zuckerberg, who visited India recently, reportedly had expressed Facebook's desire to deploy alternative last-mile connectivity technology through drones and satellite communications. Google and Microsoft have also pitched their technologies.
While tech giants vie for a share of the massive project, experts say a single solution may not be the sole answer to providing last mile connectivity. "It is possible that a combination of multiple technologies will be required to ensure ubiquitous internet access, as one single type of technology may reach only a select area or people," said an industry insider who did not want to be named.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Best time for India to become superpower: KPMGBangladesh
(KPMG India's CEO Richard Rekhy said…)
AHMEDABAD: Global consultancy firm KPMG India's CEO Richard Rekhy today said that economic slowdown in many countries have provided a great opportunity for India to be at centre stage of world.
Addressing management students at 'Confluence-2014', held at Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) here, Rekhy also listed several challenges which India needs to overcome to become the superpower.
"Chinese economy is slowing down, while US economy is fluctuating. This is the best opportunity for India to get the centre stage. The new government (Centre) came into power at the time when we are having USD 300 billion in foreign reserves. There can't be a better time than this," he said.
Rekhy also pointed out several challenges, which he called as 'global mega-trends' that India needs to face in the coming years.
"By 2030, 60 per cent of world's population will be middle class. Thus we need to build new cities and create infrastructure for this population. We also need a plan to address issues like education, health-care and water crisis," he emphasised.
He said that rising dependence of automation in manufacturing sector will affect new job creation .
"Indian economy cannot grow without manufacturing base. Though we are now focusing on 'Make In India' mission, we should understand that jobs will not be created by manufacturing sector but by service sector," he added.
Instead of becoming economic superpower , he stressed on how India can rise as 'Responsible Superpower' by helping other nations.
He cited an example that how due to climate change, most of the coastline of Bangladesh will be submerged in next 20 years and that instead of stopping them (from migrating to India), India should act like a responsible superpower.
"Recently, India ranked 142nd in 'Ease of Doing Business' criteria in the world. India needs to bring changes in regulatory framework. Government also needs to cut Income Tax rates . Instead of earning revenues from taxes, government should generate revenue by providing services to people" said Reggy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Islamic State a cause of concern but won t let it gain a foothold in India: Rajnath Singh18
0
Guwahati: Amidst recent reports of growing influence of the Islamic State in India, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said that the banned terror outfit's impact in India is a cause of concern. However, he added that he had confidence in the security forces which are ready to face all kinds of challenges.
"It is a cause of worry that some Indian youth are being attracted to terror organisations like the ISIS. There might be many terrorist organisations in the world but we will not allow them to get a foothold in our country," he said.
He reposed faith in the security forces and thanked them for their contribution. "The role of our police forces and the intelligence agencies has been crucial in ensuring security to our people. When I see the men in uniform it fills me with sense of pride and responsibility," the Home Minister said.
Also speaking over the recent encounter in Arnia, Rajnath said that  terrorist groups are not able to recruit as many local youth in J&K as they have been doing in the past.
#rajnath singh #home minister #isis #north east
He also maintained a tough stance on repeated incursions from Pakistan. Speaking over the recent encounter in Arnia that claimed lives of 11 people including four terrorists, Rajnath said that terrorist groups are not able to recruit as many local youth in Jammu and Kashmir now as they have been doing in the past.
"Pakistan claims that non state actors are behind such incidents which is not true. I ask that is ISI also non-state actor? State actors of Pakistan play a role in attempts to destabilise India," he said.
Expressing concern over the growing use of cyber space by anti-national and anti-social forces, he said that steps should be taken to monitor the cyberspace.
143

Our dressing room will never be the same Rest in peace bruzzy (Phillip Hughes): MichaelClarkeBy: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: November 29, 2014 11:02 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 11:52 am
Captain Michael Clarke gave a graphic illustration of the raw emotions of the Australia team when he broke down repeatedly while paying tribute to former team mate Phillip Hughes on Saturday.
Making no mention of next week’s Test match against India, Clarke battled to hold back tears as he read out a statement on behalf of the players at the Sydney Cricket Ground, where Hughes suffered his fatal injury on Tuesday.
Hughes, 25, died on Thursday as the result of a catastrophic injury he sustained when struck on the head by a ball during a domestic match, triggering a wave of mourning in Australia and around the world.
“Words cannot express the loss we feel as a team right now,” Clarke said. “We are going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. He epitomised what the baggy green was about and what it means to us all.The world lost one of its great blokes this week and we are all poorer for it.”
Clarke, widely praised for the role he has played in comforting his friend and former team mate’s family, said the players had requested that Cricket Australia retire Hughes’s one-day international number, 64.
“They agreed. That means so much,” he added. “His legacy of trying to improve each and every day will drive us for the rest of our lives.
“Our dressing room will never be the same. We loved him and always will. Rest in peace bruzzy.”
Tributes continued to flood in from around the world for Hughes and indication of how deeply Hughes’s death has affected his fellow professionals came in the United Arab Emirates, where Pakistan are hosting New Zealand in a Test series.
The second Test had been postponed for a day after Hughes died and there was no celebration of wickets or centuries when it resumed on Friday.
“The game was irrelevant at that stage, that was just a natural reaction by a group of people whose mind was elsewhere,” New Zealand coach Mike Hesson told reporters in Sharjah.
“We didn’t bowl any bouncers and that was to show respect.”
HONOURING HUGHES
Back in Australia, Hughes was not forgotten as Saturday morning cricket was played across the country in blazing sunshine as it has been for more than a century.
Cricket Australia has encouraged teams at all levels to remember Hughes and both the score he had accumulated when the fatal blow struck him, 63 not out, and his Test number, 408, were in evidence on pitches around the country.
At a match between Sydney Boys and Shore schools in Centennial Park, just a stone’s throw from the SCG, a row of bats topped with cricket caps were lined up beside the pitch in tribute.
Cricket at the elite level has yet to resume with senior club matches cancelled in Sydney and continued…

State actors of Pakistan play a role in attempts to destabilise India: RajnathSinghWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:32 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:10 am
Growing Islamic terror designs in the subcontinent is a major challenge for India, especially in the backdrop of some youth getting swayed by it, and there was no scope for taking this lightly, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Saturday.
Mentioning the attack in Arnia sector HM says that Pakistan claims non state actors are behind such incidents which is not true.
— HMO India (@HMOIndia) November 29, 2014
“Though ISIS is born in Syria and Iraq, it is a fact that the Indian subcontinent is not outside its radar, especially as some Indian youth are also getting attracted towards it. Moreover, al-Qaeda had recently announced formation of a new outfit for the Indian subcontinent, while it is for certain that Pakistani state actors are also involved in trying to destablise India,” Singh said. He was inaugurating the 49th All India Conference of DGPs and IGPs here on Saturday.
Singh however expressed confidence that these Islamic terror groups will never be able to succeed in India and said that majority of the Indian Muslims will not side with them. “I am sure these terror groups will never succeed in India. They may try to convert India into an Islamic country on the assumption that large numbers of Muslims will support them. But the fact remains that Indian Muslims had fought and sacrificed equally with others for India’s idependence,” Singh said.
He particularly referred to al-Qaeda’s announcement in September of new outfit for the Indian subcontinent called Qaeda-ul-Jihadi, with intentions of specifically targeting Gujarat, Assam, Bihar, Jammu & Kashmir and Bangladesh, and identified this too as a major challenge.
“Moreover, the South Asia wing of al-Qaeda has claimed it had tried to hijack a Pakistani naval frigate with the intention of attacking Indian and US naval vessels. Some people of the Pakistani Navy were also involved in this. But I am confident our police and security forces will be able to strike back at any such attempts,” the home minister said.
On Left-Wing extremism, the home minister however said that the influence of Maoist tterror groups had reduced last year. “Left-Wing extremism has to be put to an end at all cost. We are ready to talk, but cannot allow any violence to occur,” he said. Singh also suggested better coordination among para-military forces and state police forces in tackling Left-Wing extremism, and called for giving the leadership role to officers of the state police.
On the Jammu and Kashmir situation, Singh said recruitment of local youth by terrorist groups had gone down. “But whenever there is an incident, Pakistan puts the blame on non-state actors. I would like to ask Pakistan, why can’t its ISI ascertain who these non-state actors are? What we know is that Pakistani state actors too are involved in trying continued…

Pakistans state actors behind attacks in India: RajnathUpdated: November 30, 2014 01:03 IST
Rajnath slams Pak. state actors
Sushanta Talukdar
File Photo of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh
TOPICS
ministers (government)
The Home Minster alleged that state actors in Pakistan have a role in trying to destabilse the country.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Saturday that the government would not allow any international terror outfit to gain foothold in India, while saying that some misguided youth getting attracted by Islamic State (IS) ideology was a challenge.
Inaugurating the 49th Annual Conference of Directors-General of Police and Inspectors-General of Police and heads of Central Police Organisations, Mr. Singh said the IS was trying to gain a foothold in the Indian subcontinent, while the al-Qaeda had formed Qaedet-al-Jihad to target Muslims in Gujarat, Assam, Bihar, Jammu and Kashmir and Bangladesh and convert the Indian subcontinent into an Islamic state. These threats could not be taken lightly.
He, however, said that while such developments should be considered a challenge, the country need not worry as he had full faith in the security forces.
Referring to the gun battle in the Arnia sector in Jammu and Kashmir, Mr. Singh said Pakistan claimed that non-state actors were behind such incidents. “I want to ask Pakistan if its intelligence agency, ISI, is also a non-state actor?” he added.
Mr. Singh said that if the IS or the al-Qaeda were thinking that with India having a large Muslim population they would gain a foothold in the country, they were wrong as the Muslims, Hindus and people of other religions jointly fought for the country’s Independence and also sacrificed their lives.
On Left wing extremism, the Union Home Minister said the incidence of violence had reduced and the government was ready to hold talks. He suggested that the leadership be handed over to the district magistrates and the superintendents of police of the affected districts to ensure better coordination with the central forces.

Several protesters taken into custody in FergusonUpdated: November 29, 2014 12:08 IST
Several protesters taken into custody in Ferguson
AP
Tweet
AP
Protestors called on people to boycott shopping on Black Friday as a show of solidarity with protesters in Ferguson.
VIDEO
encounters
Several protesters have been taken into custody during a demonstration in Ferguson outside of the police department.
Tensions escalated on Friday during an initially calm demonstration after police said protesters were illegally blocking an avenue.
The exact number of arrests was not immediately clear, and spokesmen for the Ferguson Police Department and St. Louis County Police could not immediately be reached.
The demonstration in Ferguson came after protesters earlier in the day temporarily shut down three large malls in suburban St. Louis.
Protests have been ongoing for days in Ferguson after a grand jury’s recent decision not to indict the white police officer who fatally shot 18-year-old African American Michael Brown.
Chicago, New York, Seattle and northern California also saw demonstrations on Friday.
 

Rajnath hits out at Pak  says ISI behind cross-border terrorRajnath accuses Pakistan of destabilising India
Digambar Patowary , Hindustan Times  Guwahati, November 29, 2014
First Published: 10:52 IST(29/11/2014) | Last Updated: 19:26 IST(29/11/2014)
Comments
Union home minister Rajnath Singh accused Saturday Pakistani "state actors" of trying to destabilise India, coming down hard on the nuclear-armed neighbour close on the heels of a fierce encounter in Jammu and Kashmir that killed at least 10 people.
Addressing the 49th All India DGPs and IGPs conference in Guwahati, Singh also underlined the security threats India was faced with and talked about the challenges posed by militants groups Islamic State and al Qaeda.
Pointing to the attack earlier this week on an army patrol in Kashmir, Singh said Pakistan's claim that "non-state actors are behind such incidents is not true".
Questioning the role of spy agency Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), he asked, "Pakistan claims non-state actors are behind such incidents (of terrorism)... I ask is ISI also non-state actor?"
"It is unfortunate Pakistan does not mend its ways."
The home minister had raked up the issue in his address at the recently held Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, saying terrorism in India was "completely Pakistan-sponsored".  
Singh's remarks in Guwahati came against the backdrop of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc) summit held earlier this week in Nepal that was overshadowed by India and Pakistan's rivalry and ended with little progress towards regional integration.
Singh, in his speech, also voiced concerns about Indian youngsters joining the Islamic State (also known as IS, or ISIS, or ISIL).
A day after Areeb Majeed, a youth from Kalyan who had joined the West Asian group, returned to Mumbai, Singh said, "There are some misguided youth who are getting attracted to... organisations like the ISIS."
"We are concerned about the fact that Indian youngsters are getting drawn to Islamic State."
"Even though ISIS was born in Iraq and Syria, the Indian subcontinent cannot stay untouched by it -- we need to be aware of that reality," Singh said.
The home minister added al Qaeda was a serious threat to India, and the central government had not taken it lightly.
"There may be many terrorist organisations in the world but the government will not allow them to get a foothold in India," he said.
The home minister stressed al Qaeda would not succeed in India, referring to a threat issued by the terror outfit's chief, Ayman al-Zawahiri, to spread its base in the country.
"We can't take al Qaeda's threat of turning India into an Islamic state lightly. It is a challenge to us... Our security agencies are capable enough to deal any security challenge," Singh said.
On the October 2 Burdwan blasts, Singh said the West Bengal police and National Investigation Agency were playing crucial roles in the probe.
The blast took place at a house in Burdwan district's Khagragarh area, killing two alleged Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh militants and injuring another.
Singh congratulated the Bengal police Saturday for busting a terror operation in the state.
"A terrorist network has been busted in West Bengal; I congratulate the West Bengal police and NIA who are playing an important role in exposing the network. On the basis of the capability of the security forces, I can say that we are ready to face any kind of challenge," he said.
Stressing the need for modernisation of country's police forces, the Union home minister also asked all the state governments to fill up vacancies in their respective police forces.
Directors general of police (DGPs), inspectors general of police (IGPs) from all states and Union territories, heads of all paramilitary forces, officials from the Intelligence Bureau and all chief ministers of the northeastern states are taking part in the two-day conference in Guwahati.
Singh admitted there was lack of development in the northeast. "Let me assure you, we are committed towards a comprehensive development of this region."
Singh urged all the northeastern states to fill up vacancies in the police forces and assured them of all possible help.
Rajnath Singh slams Pak over terrorism, says its state actors behind attacks in India?
(With IANS and AFP inputs)

Nigeria blasts: Boko Haram s reply to top Muslim cleric s war cryprint
Two bombs exploded at the mosque of one of Nigeria's top Islamic leaders Friday, a week after he issued a call to arms to fight Boko Haram.
At least 120 people were killed and 270 others wounded when two suicide bombers blew themselves up and gunmen opened fire in the latest chapter of violence in the African country where bombings, kidnappings and assassinations have become a routine.
The blasts happened at the Grand Mosque in Kano, the biggest city in the Muslim north of the country, just as Friday prayers had got under way at about 2:00 pm (1300 GMT). The mosque is attached to the palace of the Emir of Kano, Nigeria's second most senior Muslim cleric.
Police officers stand near wreckage at a scene of multiple bombings at Kano Central Mosque. (Reuters Photo)
The explosions came after civilian vigilantes in the northeastern city of Maiduguri said they foiled a bomb attack against a mosque, five days after two female suicide bombers killed over 45 people in the city.
"Two bombs exploded, one after the other, in the premises of the Grand Mosque seconds after the prayers had started," worshipper Aminu Abdullahi told AFP.
"A third one went off in a nearby road close to the Qadiriyya Sufi order. The blasts were followed by gunshots by the police to scare off potential attacks."
His account was backed up by another witness, Hajara Tukur, who said she lives nearby.
The emir, known officially as Muhammad Sanusi II, last week said at the same mosque that northerners should take up arms against Boko Haram, which has been fighting for a hardline Islamic state since 2009.
He also cast doubt on Nigerian troops' ability to protect civilians and end the insurgency, in rare public comments by a cleric on political and military affairs.
 
Influential figure
 
The Emir of Kano is a hugely influential figure in Nigeria, which is home to more than 80 million Muslims, most of whom live in the north.
Officially the emir is the country's number two cleric, behind the Sultan of Sokoto, and any attack could inflame tensions in Nigeria's second city, which is an ancient seat of Islamic study.
Sanusi was named emir earlier this year and is a prominent figure in his own right, having previously served as the governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria.
During his time in charge of the CBN, he spoke out against massive government fraud and was suspended from his post in February just as his term of office was drawing to a close.
Previous attacks
Boko Haram has repeatedly attacked Kano. On November 14, a suicide bomb attack at a petrol station killed six people, including three police.
An injured man is wheeled into hospital in Kano, Nigeria. (AP Photo)
The Islamists have a record of attacking prominent clerics. In July 2012 a suicide bomber killed five people leaving Friday prayers at the home of the Shehu of Borno in Maiduguri.
The Shehu is Nigeria's number three Islamic leader.
Boko Haram threatened Sanusi's predecessor and the Sultan of Sokoto for allegedly betraying the faith by submitting to the authority of the secular government in Abuja.
In early 2013, the convoy of Sanusi's predecessor was also attacked.
Andrew Noakes, co-ordinator of the Nigeria Security Network of security analysts, said the attack fit a pattern of violence targeting religious and traditional leaders seen as "allies" of the state.
He said it was possible that the group carried out the attack as a direct response to Sanusi's comments last week, although it may have been planned beforehand.
"Whatever the case, the group has sent a message to northern leaders that crossing them will have consequences," Noakes said in an email exchange.
Boko Haram attacks in recent months have ranged from the far northeast of Nigeria, across the wider north and northwest, using hit-and-run tactics, suicide bombings and car bombs.
The authorities in Cameroon, Chad and Niger have all expressed concern about Boko Haram's ability to conduct cross-border strikes, particularly as the dry season approaches.
 
Maiduguri targeted
 
In Maiduguri, the capital of Borno state, civilian vigilantes said they had discovered a suspected remote-controlled device planted in the Gamboru Market area of the city.
It was successfully defused by the police bomb squad but as the bomb was being made safe, another device exploded nearby. There were no casualties, as the area had been cordoned off.
"Our assumption is that the bombs were planted ahead of Friday prayers in the mosque just nearby," civilian vigilante Babakura Adam said.
"Of course, it's Boko Haram's handiwork because in the last few days several arrests have been made of suspected female suicide bombers."
Adam said the arrests were made on Wednesday and Thursday.
Fears have grown in Maiduguri about an upsurge in Boko Haram attacks, after the militant Islamists took over more than two dozen towns in Borno and two neighbouring states in recent months.
The use of concealed roadside bombs would be a departure for Boko Haram, which has previously used direct hit-and-run tactics, car bombs and suicide attacks as part of its deadly campaign.

Ferguson: Michael Brown s legacy continues to evolveFerguson hero Michael Brown's legacy evolves
AP
New York, November 29, 2014
First Published: 10:03 IST(29/11/2014)
print
For some Americans on opposite sides of a national debate, Michael Brown has become a symbol, epitomising their polarised views on who bears the blame for the toll of young black men killed by police officers. Brown was a gentle giant, in one version. A defiant troublemaker, in another.
Yet as more details of the 18-year-old's life and death emerge, his legacy in the eyes of many is more nuanced, reflecting the ups and downs and challenges faced by many young Americans. New protests - sometimes violent - erupted around the country this week after a grand jury decided not to indict the white police officer who shot the unarmed Brown.
A woman lies in the street during a demonstration against the grand jury's decision in the Ferguson shooting of Michael Brown, in Los Angeles on Friday. (Reuters photo)
"He was someone trying to come into his own, trying to grow up in a world that's not that friendly to young people," said Barbara Arnwine, president of the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law.
In the days after Brown's August 9 in Ferguson, Missouri, a warm, upbeat portrait emerged.
After academic struggles in high school, he had buckled down to get his diploma last summer and was soon to enter a technical college. Friends and family recalled a sizable young man - 6-foot-5 (1.96 meters), nearly 300 pounds (136 kilograms) - with a gentle, joking manner, a fan of computer games, an aspiring rap musician.
"His biggest goal was to be part of something," said Charlie Kennedy, a health and physical education teacher at Normandy High School. "He was kindhearted, a little kid in a big body."
Subsequently, some less flattering details surfaced. A toxicology report showed that Brown had marijuana in his system on the day he died. Ferguson police released a video showing Brown snatching some cigars in a convenience store and shoving the store clerk earlier in the day he was killed.
Then came the release of evidence and testimony presented to the grand jury that decided not to indict Darren Wilson. The officer testified that Brown scuffled with him while he was in his patrol car, trying to grab his pistol, and moments later - after stepping away from the car - started to charge back at him.
"The only way I can describe it, it looks like a demon, that's how angry he looked," Wilson testified.
Some grand jury witnesses disputed Wilson's testimony, saying Brown did not make a charge. But to Brown's detractors, the officer's account reinforced negative feelings about the young man and further fueled their efforts to make him a symbol for their pro-police arguments.
"Here's the lessons from Ferguson America," wrote rocker and conservative activist Ted Nugent on his Facebook page. "Don't let your kids grow up to be thugs who think they can steal, assault & attack cops as a way of life & badge of black (dis)honor."
The Rev. EW Jackson, a conservative black pastor based in Virginia, depicted Brown as "in many ways a typical kid growing up the black community."
"He imbibed a lot of negative attitudes about what manhood is all about," Jackson said. "I wish this kid could have been redeemed to go on to live a wonderful life."
"But something is wrong when you start wrestling with a police officer over his gun," Jackson added. "I have nothing but sympathy for his parents, but you can't absolve Michael Brown of responsibility for this situation."
A protester holds up a sign while demonstrating against Brown's shooting, outside of Macy's in Herald Square during the Black Friday shopping day in New York on Friday. (Reuters photo)
Arnwine, the civil rights lawyer, was infuriated that Wilson's negative testimony had been made available to the grand jurors and to the public.
"It was meant to portray Michael Brown in the worst possible way, as a foul-mouthed, violent, rude, aggressive person," she said. "It was meant to give people the impression of this scary black man who deserved to die."
She said the turnout of throngs of young people of all races at rallies and protests nationwide gave a truer picture of Brown's legacy.
"When you see their passion, hear the pain in their voices, you can see they honestly relate to this young man," Arnwine said. "They feel that he absolutely embodied the struggles that they are going through."
Cornell William Brooks, the president of the NAACP civil rights organisation, said he met Brown's parents and some of his young friends in the aftermath of the shooting.
"Michael Brown contained all the virtues and all the flaws of a great many young people, irrespective of race or class," Brooks said. "There was something about him, and what happened to him, that inspired young people to transform a local social-justice challenge into a global civil rights issue, something that spoke to their sense of conscience."
The intense scrutiny of Brown's life and the accompanying moral judgments have angered some of those following the case.
"It's not for us to say if he was angel or if he would have become a billionaire after he got his college degree," said James Peterson, director of Africana Studies and an associate professor of English at Lehigh University.
"I hate the narrative that it's more sad that he was two days away from starting college. What if he wasn't?" Peterson asked. "It doesn't matter what we think his legacy was. He was a human being who didn't deserve to have his life snuffed out."

Weekly: Rate-cut hopes and slump in crude prices boosted the marketsWeekly: Rate-cut hopes and slump in crude prices boosted the markets
Nadal  Murray join cricketers  politicians to pay tribute to late HughesNadal  Murray join cricketers  politicians to pay tribute to late Hughes
Bird flu symptoms not related to poultry products consumption: Indian Medical AssociationBird flu symptoms not related to poultry products consumption: Indian Medical Association
Dena Bank Signs MOU with Tata MotorsDena Bank Signs MOU with Tata Motors
Now cmbc has brought in another "bakra" to create negative sentiment o...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dear nayak  suggest  we never time the market and so be the case...Platinum Member
256 Followers
You may want to hold for now, since the markets dont tank during the year end. Wait till there is a surge. If the surge comes, dont dream about 2000 or 3000, just sell. Even getting back your capital would be an achievement. Be very careful when buying stocks right now, everyone is rising without any fundamentals. Probably Jan first or second week, the correction could start, and then once the budget is over, depends on what the budget delivers..Dont be surprised if there is a loss booked in the next 2-3 quarters. Management itself is not upbeat for FY15, and FY16 is too long a time for a stock that has already rallied far beyond its valuations... Take care..

Shilpi cable- please read the following and do not sell shilpi cable- ...Gold Member
331 Followers
SHILPI CABLE- Please read the following and do not sell Shilpi Cable- a good growth stock: The net operating profit per share had increased from 70.24 (2009-10) to 199.94 (2013-14), an increase of 184%. If the same trend is maintained, it can be surely a multibagger. Hapy investing in Shilpi Cable
11.59 AM Nov 29th  | Track

Ki galin hindi--kya baat hai in english--what what talking.411 Followers
maximindia
The recommendation is to Oil Ministry to sort out the disputes and not for RIL to take any initiative after being illegally penalised by S Jaipa Reddy and the continuation by this regime simply because they are afraid of Arvind Kejriwal especially in respect of forthcoming Delhi elections.
CAG has only now started reading and applying the PSC in its full aspects and viewpoints and so the simple way out is to follow the PSC in all respects. Else only GoI can recommend and it is upto RIL and partners to follow a revised PSC where GoI guarantees a minimum profit now that the expenses are more or less established to be fair. The emphasis is on increasing production and not on trying to get some chickenfeed profits when GoI can easily tax gas for additional without affecting the PSC. They can have one set of taxes / subsidies for GoI PSUs and another for the larger private enterprises.
RIL shareprice may be suffering but not RIL itself as per the balance sheet.
Disallowance on the grounds that have been narrated is between GoI and RIL and not between Income Tax and RIL. RIL gets full depreciation and setoff so it is only a chickenfeed profit that GoI is chasing and wasting time.
Even a simple matter of pricing policy for KG D6 crude and distillates have been evaded by Indian government and YOU keep saying that RIL has ego and is not willing to settle? BP would have quite easily donated Rs 10,000 crores to government if it had not been for S Jaipal Reddy. All roads are leading against only this one person has apart from the damage to RIL has done NOTHING for the energy security of India and right now even the present Oil Minister is seemingly radical but seems to have initiated studies of lapses in ONGC and has to still work out the premium for deep wells. Is this a FUNCTIONING NON-EGOISTIC Oil Ministry delaying decisions by almost nine months now?
Now why are you evading and avoiding the question on the POSITIVE points of the CAG report?
In reply to : maximindia message
1.16 PM Nov 29th

Best jewellery watches of 2014Check out the most creative and artistic jewellery timepieces from renowned brands that will leave you completely enthralled.
ADVERTISEMENT

US Investors Elevate India Over Other Emerging MarketsYou are here: Home Market
US Investors Elevate India Over Other Emerging Markets
Reuters | Updated On: November 25, 2014 08:26 (IST)
Fund Mop-up by Private Companies From Debt Placement Rises 36%
New York: US investors, buoyed by optimism about India's economy and booming stock market, have been moving money into exchange-traded funds that focus solely on that country.
US-listed India ETFs have added about $2 billion in net new assets so far this year, outshining other emerging market funds. That brings the total assets of the 10 India ETFs tracked by Morningstar to $6.3 billion, up roughly 47 per cent since January.
Those inflows dwarf the $272 million added to broad emerging markets ETFs this year and represent the greatest single-country net asset gain when compared with US-listed ETFs that focus on Brazil, China, Russia or South Africa.
The optimism about India is largely driven by the election of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in May. Analysts and investors expect PM Modi's push for economic reform to rejuvenate earnings and create jobs. Investor appetite has driven the MSCI India Index up 28.5 per cent year-to-date - its highest in more than two decades.
That sentiment is a big shift from 2012, when HSBC Holdings PLC called India a "gasping elephant" in a report highlighting the country's poor economic growth.
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development last week upwardly revised its growth forecast for India, to 6.6 per cent from an earlier forecast of 5.7 per cent.
"We are believers of the India story long-term," said Darshan Bhatt of New Jersey-based Glovista Investments LLC, which runs an emerging markets equity strategy for clients.
Bhatt went from having no position in India in January to having as much as 17 per cent of his portfolio in the country earlier this year. To build his Indian position, he has been selling Russian, Brazilian and South Korean shares. He has dialed back his Indian holdings a bit, he said, but still remains bullish.
India's gains stand in contrast to the 4.7 per cent gain for the Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets ETF and the 1.6 per cent gain for the iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF this year.
The so-called BRICS group - Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa - all moved together a decade ago, but now India is pulling away from the others, said Dennis Hudachek, a senior analyst with ETF.com. The India optimism contrasts with expectations of slowing growth in China and a tepid reaction to the re-election of Brazil's president last month.
Among the biggest India ETFs, the WisdomTree India Earnings ETF is up about 35 per cent year to date, while the iShares MSCI India ETF is up 31 per cent year to date, and the PowerShares India ETF is up 29 per cent.
The WisdomTree ETF has added about $830 million in assets, while the iShares ETF has gained about $875 million and the PowerShares ETF has added about $94 million.
Pricey valuations
While the strong US dollar has pressured global currencies this year, the Indian rupee is relatively unchanged against the US dollar since January and so far has not significantly affected US-listed India ETF returns.
Still, high valuations in the country can make the market expensive relative to other countries. The MSCI India Index has a price-to-earnings ratio of about 20, the MSCI Emerging Markets Index has a P/E ratio of about 13, and the MSCI BRIC Index has a P/E ratio of about 11.
California-based investor David Garff of Accuvest Global Advisors still sees a strong investment opportunity in India and is now "significantly overweight" in the country, moving assets from Brazil, Russia and Malaysia.
"It's one of the few places in the world where people can find growth opportunities, so they're willing to pay up for them right now," Garff said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: November 25, 2014 08:22 (IST)

DDA mega housing scheme draw list declared  check results onlineDDA mega housing scheme draw list declared, check results online
Sidhartha Roy , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 25, 2014
First Published: 11:30 IST(25/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:51 IST(26/11/2014)
Comments
The much-awaited draw for the Delhi Development Authority's (DDA's) mega housing scheme was held Tuesday at its headquarters, Vikas Sadan. The process was completed around 2pm, and the results are now available on DDA website. 
DDA vice-chairman Balvinder Kumar said flats will be handed over to the lucky winners only after they are completely constructed with all amenities.
"All payments by those allotted flats will have to be made online...Almost all flats will be ready for hand over by end of December 2014."
Full results HERE
DDA will hold special camp at Vikas Sadan after 15 days, where allottees can collect their allotment letters by hand and submit documents.
"Altogether 3,914 flats in Rohini and 2,840 flats in Siraspur will be ready by March 2015," Kumar said.
#DDAdraw : CD containing result being handed over for uploading. Judges signing hard copy of result in background pic.twitter.com/bwjtWmysy6
— Sidhartha Roy (@Sidhartha80) November 25, 2014
"It is for the first time that a DDA housing scheme draw has been held within 40 days of closing of scheme."
Meanwhile, chaos broke out at the DDA headquarters as people thronged the venue to know about the results.
The results can be checked by using application numbers. The full result is available in PDF format too. You can check the full list of results here .
Here are the highlights of the draw:
# Draw completed. Results to be uploaded in half an hour
# People throng DDA headquarters to check draw results
People throng #DDA headquarter to check draw results. pic.twitter.com/mpWAuOflLJ
— Sidhartha Roy (@Sidhartha80) November 25, 2014
# Computerised #DDAdraw began at 12.15 pm after picking 'seed' numbers. Process to be completed within 1 hour 45 minutes, by 2 pm.
#  If none of 3 flat categories opted by lucky applicant are available in the 'basket', next application number is chosen.
#  A randomly picked application number is matched with 3 flat options chosen by applicant.
#  The system starts 'picking' random application numbers and matches them with flat numbers.
# DDA draw completely delinked from internet to avoid any hacking attempt
# The system uses the seed numbers as reference point to begin draw
# For the software to begin draw, number 0355299 for applicants & 03695 for flats were picked and fed in the system
# Randomised seed numbers checked by judges, to be fed in system to generate lucky numbers
# 0355299: First lucky seed number chosen.
# Panel of judges begin picking lucky 'seed' numbers for #DDAdraw . pic.twitter.com/hcKbKn4vKA
— Sidhartha Roy (@Sidhartha80) November 25, 2014
DDA had earlier scheduled November 5 as the tentative date for holding the draw but the last 20 days saw a massive flip flop as new dates were announced that eventually went by. The draw was again announced on November 17 but a day before DDA said it is postponing the draw indefinitely.
#DDAdraw : Randomisation of application numbers to begin at 9 am. Numbers would be fed in the application that carries out the draw.
— Sidhartha Roy (@Sidhartha80) November 25, 2014
#DDAdraw : Once application and flat numbers are uploaded on the system, lucky draw will begin at 11.30 am.
— Sidhartha Roy (@Sidhartha80) November 25, 2014
DDA has offered 25,034 flats in its biggest ever housing scheme and received 10,08,700 applications. For every flat, there are approximately 40 people who have applied, which means each applicant has a 2.5% chance of landing a flat .
Though better than the 2010 housing scheme, when the ratio of flats to applicants was about 46, you still need to be very lucky to get a flat when DDA holds its draw of lots.
 
Most of the flats on offer are one bedroom flats. Prices for the flats range from Rs. 6.10 lakh for a Janta flat to Rs. 1.20 crore for a three bedroom flat. Prices of two bedroom flats are in the range of Rs. 70 lakh, while the average price of one bedroom flats - which form the majority - range between Rs. 14 to 20 lakh.
DDA sold 17 lakh housing scheme forms and got a record number of applications. The high number of applications resulted in the draw getting delayed as the 14-year-old and obsolete application being used by DDA has been unable to process the huge data.
If your name doesn't figure in the list of the lucky 25,034 applicants who get a flat, DDA would return the registration amount of Rs. 1 lakh within three months.
 
DDA would also draw a list of applicants in a separate waiting list was also made. If any applicant cancels the allotment or is disqualified on any ground, the flat will go to the next person on the waiting list. The names and application numbers of those on the waiting list, however, would be kept a secret.

HP Fourth-Quarter Revenue Drops on Weak Enterprise DemandSpiceJet Allowed to Take Bookings Till March 31 by Regulator
Hewlett-Packard Co said its quarterly revenue fell in almost every business segment over the year, highlighting weaknesses ahead of the company's planned 2015 separation of its enterprise services from its traditional computer and printing units.
Sales fell 2.5 per cent in the fourth quarter to $28.41 billion, from $29.13 billion a year earlier, HP said on Tuesday. Analysts had expected $28.76 billion.
Profit declined 2.7 per cent to $2.01 billion, or $1.06 cents a share, compared with $1.01 cents a share a year ago, in line with analysts' expectations.
On a more traditional accounting basis, profit declined 5.7 per cent to $1.33 billion, or 70 cents a share, compared with 73 cents a share a year ago.
"I've always said that turnarounds aren't linear," Chief Executive Meg Whitman told analysts on a conference call while highlighting HP's performance compared with three years ago, when she became CEO. "We're right where we thought we'd be."
The enterprise group and enterprise services, areas that Whitman had previously flagged as growth drivers, showed revenue declines of 4 per cent and 7 per cent respectively.
On the call, Whitman said she expected a slower decline in enterprise revenue next year. Enterprise services would be the biggest "swing factor" in the company's 2015 growth projections, she said.
For next year, the company said it expects to earn $3.83 to $4.03 per share, up from $3.74 for 2014.
The company's personal computer division, its largest and most mature, grew by 4 percent after a 12 per cent jump in the prior quarter. Much of the growth in PCs was driven by a Microsoft Corp decision to quit supporting older software, a process that Whitman said was largely complete.
The high-margin printer business shrank by 5 per cent.
The company said last month it would split into two listed companies next year, separating its computer and printer businesses from its faster-growing corporate hardware and services operations, and eliminate another 5,000 jobs as part of its turnaround plan.
"This separation was totally the right thing to do for this company," Whitman said Tuesday. "It is remarkable how it focuses the mind on overhead."
HP shares fell 0.77 per cent after closing up 0.35 per cent at $37.63 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

US Economy Resilient in Q3 as Global Growth CoolsYou are here: Home Global Economy
US Economy Resilient in Q3 as Global Growth Cools
Reuters | Updated On: November 26, 2014 07:49 (IST)
Fed Faces Big Decision Over a Few Choice Words
Washington: The US economy grew at a much faster pace than initially thought in the third quarter, pointing to strengthening fundamentals that should help it weather slowing global demand.
The Commerce Department on Tuesday raised its estimate of GDP growth to a 3.9 per cent annual pace from the 3.5 per cent rate reported last month, reflecting upward revisions to business and consumer spending, as well as to inventories.
The rise in output followed a 4.6 per cent advance in the prior three months to mark the two strongest back-to-back quarters since the second half of 2003. It underscored the economy's resilience against a backdrop of a Japanese recession, an anemic euro zone and a slowing China.
"This report will go some way in providing further confirmation about the sustainability of the current economic recovery," said Millan Mulraine, deputy chief economist at TD Securities in New York.
Economists had expected growth would be trimmed to a 3.3 per cent pace. When measured from the income side, the economy grew at its fastest pace since the first quarter of 2012.
But the otherwise upbeat picture was marred somewhat by other data showing consumer confidence sliding to a five-month low and a further moderation in house price gains.
US stocks were little changed while the dollar slipped against a basket of currencies. Prices for US Treasury debt rose marginally.
The ebb in consumer confidence in November was surprising given falling gasoline prices and a firming jobs market.
"Economic growth is strong and getting stronger by the day. The consumer gets it, even if they aren't yet saying it," said Chris Rupkey, chief financial economist at MUFG Union Bank in New York.
The third quarter was the fourth out of the past five that the economy has expanded above a 3.5 per cent pace, well above the level economists consider to be trend.
Some of the momentum appears to have carried over into the final three months of the year, with data from manufacturing to employment and retail sales suggesting continued strength.
But with inventories rising more than previously estimated in the third quarter, economists expect the pace of restocking to slow, holding growth below a 3 per cent pace in the fourth quarter.
Strong fundamentals
Highlighting the economy's strong fundamentals, growth in domestic demand was raised to a 3.2 per cent pace from the previously reported 2.7 per cent rate.
"This is vindication for the Federal Reserve that they downplayed concerns overseas and it's appropriate to speak about rate hikes next year," said Christopher Low, chief economist at FTN Financial in New York.
The US central bank has kept benchmark borrowing costs near zero since December 2008, but is expected to start raising them around the middle of next year.
Consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of US economic activity, was revised up to a 2.2 per cent pace in the third quarter from the previously reported 1.8 per cent rate.
Business spending on equipment was raised to a 10.7 per cent rate from a 7.2 per cent. While exports grew, the pace was less brisk than previously reported, leaving trade contributing only 0.78 percentage point to GDP growth instead of 1.32 percentage points.
Growth in wages and salaries was revised lower for both the second and third quarters. Economists said that brought the GDP-based wages and salaries measures into line with earnings figures from the government's survey of nonfarm employers.
"This should ease concerns that the Fed was falling behind the curve due to mismeasured wage inflation data," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Samsung Group Sells Shares in Chemical  Defence ArmsYou are here: Home Corporates
Samsung Group Sells Shares in Chemical, Defence Arms for $1.7 Billion
Reuters | Updated On: November 26, 2014 09:35 (IST)
SpiceJet Allowed to Take Bookings Till March 31 by Regulator
Seoul: South Korea's Samsung Group said on Wednesday it is selling stakes in four chemical and defence firms for 1.9 trillion won($1.72 billion) to Hanwha Group, the latest move in the massive task of restructuring the country's largest conglomerate.
Samsung Group is reorganising its business empire as the children of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd chairman and patriarch Lee Kun-hee, 72, who has been hospitalised since May following a heart attack, prepare to take over the family enterprise.
The process has already seen the initial public offering of Samsung SDS Co and the upcoming listing of de facto holding company Cheil Industries Inc, as well as acquisitions of stakes between Samsung units, setting the stage for the younger Lees to divvy up the conglomerate and pay an estimated inheritance tax bill of up to 6 trillion won.
In the latest shakeout, affiliates including Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will sell a 32.4 per cent stake in defence firm Samsung Techwin Co Ltd to Hanwha Corp for 840 billion won, the group said in a statement.
They will also sell a 57.6 per cent stake in Samsung General Chemicals Co Ltd to Hanwha Chemical Corp and Hanwha Energy Corp for 1.06 trillion won, it added.
Samsung's portion of Samsung Thales Co Ltd, a joint venture unit with French defence electronics firm Thales, and Samsung Total Petrochemicals Co Ltd, a joint venture unit with France's Total SA, also would be transferred to Hanwha firms.
While the group did not elaborate on the reason for the sales, Samsung Electronics said in separate regulatory filings that it would use the 761 billion won it raised from the deals to invest in new businesses.
Some analysts say the elder Lee's illness may have accelerated preparations by heir apparent Jay Y. Lee and his two sisters to ensure a smooth transfer.
The four companies being sold down in the latest moves could aid the further restructuring of the conglomerate's various assets even though they are not seen as central to the succession process, and the younger Lees will see little direct financial benefit, analysts said.
Hanwha Group, South Korea's 10th-largest conglomerate, said in a separate statement the acquisitions would boost its petrochemicals and defence-related businesses.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Carl Icahn Raises Stake in Car Rental Company HertzYou are here: Home Corporates
Carl Icahn Raises Stake in Car Rental Company Hertz
Reuters | Updated On: November 26, 2014 08:50 (IST)
SpiceJet Allowed to Take Bookings Till March 31 by Regulator
Activist investor Carl Icahn raised his stake in US car rental company Hertz Global Holdings Inc to 10.77 per cent from 8.48 per cent.
The billionaire was already Hertz's largest shareholder and in the past few months had successfully pushed for management changes and won board seats on the company.
Hertz shares rose 1.7 per cent to $25.68 in trading after the bell on Tuesday.
Hertz has owned up to a string of accounting errors, originating in 2011, that will require it to restate or correct its financial results for the past three years.
Earlier this month, Icahn-backed John Tague was named as Hertz's chief executive, fending off a challenge from Dollar Thrifty CEO Scott Thomson, who was backed by Jana Partners, the company's second-largest shareholder.
The role had fallen vacant in September after Mark Frissora stepped down citing personal reasons, about a month after the accounting issues came to light.
Up to Tuesday's close, Hertz's stock had fallen 20 per cent since Icahn revealed his stake in the company on August 20.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Microsoft to Pay China $140 Million for  Tax EvasionSpiceJet Allowed to Take Bookings Till March 31 by Regulator
Seattle: China has levied about $140 million in back taxes from Microsoft Corp in the first major case concerning cross-border tax evasion in the country, as regulators ramp up pressure on US corporations doing business there.
According to an article published by China's Xinhua official news agency on Sunday, an unnamed US multinational must pay the Chinese government 840 million yuan ($137 million) in back taxes and interest, as well as more than 100 million yuan in additional taxes a year in the future.
The article refers only to a company whose name starts with "M," is one of the world's biggest 500 firms and which established a wholly-owned foreign subsidiary in Beijing in 1995. Microsoft is the only company that fits that description.
The Redmond, Washington-based company did not confirm the report, but also did not deny that it was the company involved.
"In 2012 the tax authorities of China and the United States agreed to a bilateral advanced pricing agreement with regards to Microsoft's operations in China," said a Microsoft spokesman in an emailed statement. "China receives tax revenue from Microsoft consistent with the terms of the agreed advanced pricing agreement."
An advanced pricing agreement sets the tax treatment of transfer pricing, or methods of booking prices and sales between subsidiaries, which Microsoft uses across the globe.
According to its fiscal 2014 annual report, Microsoft's overall effective tax rate was 21 per cent - well below the standard US corporate rate of 35 per cent - primarily because it channels earnings through "foreign regional operations centers" in Ireland, Singapore, and Puerto Rico.
According to Xinhua, "M" reported losses for six years in China of more than 2 billion yuan while peers enjoyed profits and so the tax authorities concluded its behavior was unreasonable. It said the US company admitted to tax evasion and its mainland subsidiary had agreed to pay the central government.
The tax payment is only the latest headache for Microsoft in China, where it is already under investigation by anti-trust regulators.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Microsoft launches Lumia 535 dual sim at Rs 9 199Microsoft launches Lumia 535 dual sim at Rs 9,199
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 26, 2014  | 20:38 IST
Microsoft Devices on Wednesday launched its first Lumia handset without the iconic Nokia brand name in India for Rs 9,199.
The US-based software giant had acquired the handset business of Nokia earlier this year for $7.2 billion.
Featuring the Microsoft logo , the Lumia 535 has a 5-inch display, 1.2 GHz quadcore processor and 1GB RAM. Along with 8 GB internal storage and 15 GB of free OneDrive storage, the device supports expansion up to 128 GB through microSD cards.
"Younger tech-involved audiences are increasingly looking at an uncompromised experience on their smartphones. With access to the best services right out of the box at a price they can afford, we believe the Lumia 535 is an ideal solution to offer young India," said Nokia India Sales (a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobile Oy) Managing Director Ajey Mehta.
Asked if the change in branding would be reflected across other areas like physical retail stores, he said that will be a gradual process.
"Over a period of time, our marketing will also will be changed," he said, adding that the modifications will include the Nokia Priority stores.
"The plan is still being worked on, so I can't give more details," he added.
Talking about the launch, Microsoft India Chairman Bhaskar Pramanik said Microsoft is committed to delivering the power of everyday mobile technology through its devices and services like OneDrive, Outlook, Skype, Bing, Outlook, MSN and Xbox.
"The new Microsoft Lumia 535 sets the benchmark in bringing the best of the Windows Phone ecosystem at an accessible price point to consumers in India," he added.
The Lumia 535 will come bundled with Vodafone subscription and 500 MB data Internet pack per month for 2 months.

Microsoft not to invest in any of the start-ups it mentorsComments
Microsoft will not invest in any of the start-ups it mentors at its accelerator programme, although it may consider picking up stake in some of those companies at a later stage.
Microsoft Ventures, the corporate venture funding and entrepreneurship development arm of Microsoft, has mentored 63 technology start-ups in five batches in the last two years in India. “It does not add a lot of value for Microsoft to invest in a lot of start-ups. We want most of them partnering with us,” said Tzahi Weisfeld, head of global accelerator programme at Microsoft Ventures.
Meanwhile, Microsoft looks to expand its start-up nurturing initiative by partnering with other corporations and organisations. In September, Microsoft Ventures partnered with Reliance Industries’ venture investment-arm GenNext for a pan-India collaboration to jointly mentor startups. The first such innovation hub came up in Navi Mumbai in October. Microsoft Ventures and Deshpande Foundation entered into a similar tie-up to nurture small companies in tier-2 and tier-3 cities, with the first one in Hubli, Karnataka.
On increasing such collaborations he said, “We will have to see. Many others also want to partner with us. These are very early days. We will learn from the outcomes”.
Commenting on the start-ups in India, Weisfeld said: “While India has a way to go before it caches up with either Silicon Valley or Israel on the start-up ladder, I can see a lot of positive changes. Innovative startups backed by experienced and new founders are emerging in new technology areas”.

Analyst Corner: Further re-rating likely for PFC; maintainbuySpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
Reaffirm ‘buy’ on Power Finance Corporation (PFC) and raise our 6-month target price of R385 per share (earlier R248) as we now value the stock at a P/B of 1.4x on our FY16e BVPS (previously 1.25x for FY14e),  to reflect a reduced risk we see for its power sector lending activity. We expect several positive policy decisions on the power sector in the coming months, which should improve PFC’s loan growth and asset quality prospects and drive a re-rating of the stock. Our FY16-17e EPS are 7-12% higher than the Bloomberg consensus, as we are more bullish on PFC’s loan growth and NIM.
PFC trades at a 1.1x P/B based on our FY16e BVPS of R269, which is at about a 15% discount to its past-5-year mean P/B. The market’s lingering concerns about PFC’s asset quality and loan growth outlook are currently reflected in a lower P/B for the stock compared with its ROE, but we believe these are overdone and that the stock will re-rate over the coming months.
We forecast PFC to deliver strong net profit growth over FY15-17, driven by our projections of a 17.5% loan CAGR and a stable NIM for this period. We forecast its net profit to rise at a CAGR of 20% over FY15-17. PFC looks well-placed to generate loan growth over FY15-17 without diluting its equity further given its strong capital adequacy ratio. Thus, we forecast the company to maintain a high ROE of 21% in FY15 and about 22% in each of FY16 and FY17.
By Daiwa
More from indianmarkets

BJP plans manifesto written on peoples issuesWritten by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi |
Posted: November 28, 2014 1:48 am
The Delhi BJP has decided to organise open houses, where people would be asked to decide the issues for the party’s manifesto for the Assembly elections.
The party will begin the process on December 8 and is likely to come out with the manifesto in the first week of January. The party plans to hold open houses in urban villages, unauthorised colonies, campuses and markets to know about the problems people there face.
“It is the people of Delhi who will decide the issues and the party will commit to fulfil those in its manifesto,” a senior BJP leader said.
“We have identified 15 groups that we need to target, which include people from trans-Yamuna, Poorvanchalis and residents of unauthorised colonies. We have identified 16 issues such as sanitation, women security, water, electricity, roads and streetlights, among others,” Alok Kumar, head of BJP’s manifesto committee, said.
Cleaning up the Yamuna would also feature in the manifesto, he said.
Asked if the BJP was taking a leaf out of AAP’s book by organising open houses to finalise its manifesto, Kumar said, “Our plan is better than theirs’. They are not going into the specifics area-wise, we are. And every party carries out exercises to gauge the mood of people and issues relevant to them,” Kumar said.
The manifesto committee has decided to focus its energy on urban villages, youth and women this time. It has decided that most of the open houses would take place in areas that lack basic facilities.
The AAP has already initiated its Delhi Dialogues, a party initiative to discuss various issues with the people. BJP spokesperson Harish Khurana alleged the AAP had copied BJP’s manifesto of the last Assembly elections for Delhi Dialogues. “If you compare what they tweet or put out on social networking sites, it is a copy of our manifesto. It is they who are copying us,” Khurana said.

Major fire during slum demolition driveBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: November 28, 2014 2:26 am
Chaos reigned at a demolition drive in Reay Road on Thursday when a major fire broke out while the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) was demolishing a slum on government land. The fire was followed by allegations of foul play and lathicharge by policemen, which were denied by the police.
According to the Wadala police, the firebroke out at the Padriwadi slum, comprising over 500 illegal shanties, on a plot of land near the Reay Road railway station, owned by the Mumbai Port Trust.
The police said that BMC’s demolition squad began the drive at around 10:45 am on Thursday, but were interrupted after a major fire broke out in the middle of the slum around 11:30 am.
“The cause of fire is not yet known. However, no one was injured in the incident,” said Senior Police Inspector Sayajirao Fadtare, Wadala police.
The fire brigade rushed six fire tenders to the spot, and the fire was brought under control in around two hours. The tyre of one of the three bulldozers deployed by BMC was also allegedly punctured during the confusion. Residents of the slum have alleged that the fire was deliberately started.
“The police hit women and children and tried to drive us away from our homes before they could bring it down, and then set it ablaze,” claimed Shobha Khan, a slum resident.
Fadtare, however, said, “No one was hit by police. These allegations are baseless .”
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Civic body says no to Shah rally  BJP to knock at HC doorBy: Express News Service | Kolkata |
Posted: November 28, 2014 2:21 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 2:34 pm
BJP president Amit Shah cannot hold a rally outside Victoria Memorial on November 30, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation has said, citing “deficiency” in the party’s application in this regard.
The BJP has now decided to move the Kolkata High Court on Friday, seeking “justice and restoration of democracy”.
“It has been decided by the KMC authority in the light of a report submitted by a group of engineers that the application suffers from deficiency and as such the prayer of the petitioner may not be acceded to as decided by the KMC,” Commissioner of KMC Khalil Ahmed said in his communication to the saffron party.
The city police had earlier objected to Shah’s meeting, suggesting it would inconvenience commuters since a major traffic intersection is located at the venue, which is only a few metres away from Tipu Sultan Masjid.
Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, however, holds an annual rally every July for her party at the same venue.
Shahi Imam of the mosque Syed Md Nurur Rahman Barkati, who had written to Banerjee opposing the rally, also met her Wednesday night and claimed that the CM assured him of not allowing the BJP to hold the rally near Victoria Memorial.
Besides writing to the CM, Barkati sent letters to the Kolkata Police Commissioner and the Mayor of Kolkata Municipal Corporation.
The letters, referring to the proposed rally, said it would be addressed by a “controversial speaker” and that permission should not be given “to any communal forces to organise meetings near mosque, temple, gurudwara etc”.
Slamming the Trinamool Congress government, the BJP called the denial of permission from the KMC as “dirty politics played by the CM who harps upon democracy and democratic rights”.
“We are not surprised. This was expected out of the KMC and the fire department (also said no to the rally) which work towards that the appeasement of the Chief Minister. Both the bodies have objection with the stage and have stated silly reasons such as it does not leave a proper passage and that the plan was not signed. We understand it is the Chief Minister who is doing these from the background and we will move the High Court tomorrow,” Sinha said told reporters here.
He said the party was ready to put up the stage according the specifications of the KMC and the fire department, and claimed that the government approved decorator, who was in Ranchi, had to be flown in overnight because the KMC wanted his signature.
However, Sinha stuck to the party’s decision that the meeting would be conducted at the same place. “I have talked to Amit Shah today and explained him the situation. I have told him that we will fight it to the finish and he too had said that he would definitely come here on November 30,” he continued…

PMC projects get stuck for want of landWritten by Parthasarathi Biswas | Pune |
Posted: November 28, 2014 5:17 am
Several projects of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) that involve transfer of government land are stuck, pending state government approval. Administrative officers as well as elected representatives of the civic body hope the new dispensation in the state led by CM Devendra Fadnavis would approve them.
On the last count, there were roughly 58 projects that involve transfer of government land pending before the state government. The land reservation in the development plan (DP) has been put on hold. The reservations included works like roads, water supply, schools, crematorium, hospitals and gardens. Senior PMC officers said that in many parts of the city, implementation of DP had not happened as getting land for projects had become a hurdle.
Of the pending proposals, four are major projects. They include two solid waste management projects, a dedicated High Capacity Motorised Transport Route and a bird sanctuary.
The PMC had identified 2,54,752 square metres in Moshi (spread across 27 survey numbers) for solid waste management. The land is owned by the state government and PMC wants to develop it as a dumping site. Land measuring 20,061 square metres in Hadapsar was identified for treatment of solid waste. Its transfer is also awaited.
In Aundh, 24,400 square metres was identified by PMC for a High Capacity Motorized Transport Route. Officers say they have not been able to acquire the land as it belongs to the Pune University. In Yerawada, plans for developing a bird sanctuary on 16,800 square metres failed to see the light of the day as the state government did not transfer the required land to PMC.
Senior officers of PMC said they had submitted the proposal to the state government through the office of the Pune district collector but noting has moved so far. “As per the government resolution issued in 2011, the collector can decide transfer of land measuring upto 1 hectare. The divisional commissioner can decide upto 5 hectares. The four projects mentioned require land more than that and thus the state government has to decide,” said a senior civic official.
Although the matter was on the agenda of the recent meeting of Fadnavis with MLAs and civic officials of PMC, it did not come up for discussion. Parvati MLA Madhuri Misal said that in many cases civic administrator failed to point out legal hurdles in acquiring the land. “We have asked for a detailed report,” she said.

Colonies gone  now UT to develop area along Vikas MargBy: Express News Service | Chandigarh |
Posted: November 28, 2014 4:47 am | Updated: November 28, 2014 4:49 am
The Chandigarh Administration will develop a commercial and institutional belt along Vikas Marg in the area that was cleared of encroachments following demolition of illegal colonies in the southern part of the city earlier this year.
Colony Number 5, which was one of the oldest slums, and some other colonies were demolished, clearing about 200 acres of prime land. It is proposed that an educational and institutional belt would be developed on the lines of Madhya Marg, with commercial use allowed on the ground floor and institutional on the upper storeys of the buildings.
Along Madhya Marg, there are markets on one side of the road and institutions on the other. However, with land now being scarce, the proposal is to make ‘optimum utilisation’ now.
Also, it has been observed in Sector 17, where there are offices on the ground floor, the area gets quiet after office hours. In fact, a proposal was mooted for shifting offices to the upper storeys in Sector 17 as well, which is awaiting approval.
For Vikas Marg, the planning would be done in a manner that the area remains lively. This is the last big chunk of land within the sectoral grid where there is scope for development. After this, land will be available only in the peripheral areas of the city.
An official stated that planning of the area had been made part of the Master Plan. “We are awaiting approval of the Master Plan. After that, further development will take place,” he said.
A chunk of the land is to be allotted to Panjab University. According to the zoning regulations, a residential complex is also to come up.
But since this is not part of the Master Plan, it is likely that some land may be allotted to an institute and residences for employees constructed.

Gifts for movie lovers that go beyond the box setIndian rupee below 62 against US dollar for long will be a worry, says official, hints 'not talking about weather'
When shopping for the movie lover on your list, why not think outside the box (set)? While DVD or Blu-Ray box sets can still make great gifts, here are other things to consider for your favorite cinephile this season.
Commemorative Books: The next best thing to a motion picture might be a collection of still pictures inside one of these new image-filled film books: With an introduction by Martin Scorsese, ”Cecil B. DeMille: The Art of the Hollywood Epic” tells the history of film through DeMille’s work. Peek behind the scenes with set shots, film stills and personal recollections by one of the authors, DeMille’s granddaughter, Cecilia DeMille Presley (from Running Press, $60).
New Zealand-based Weta celebrates its 20th anniversary with a two-volume hardcover set. ”Weta Digital: 20 Years of Imagination on Screen” explores the special-effects company’s digital work in films such as ”Avatar,” ”The Lord of the Rings” and ”The Hobbit.” ”Weta Workshop: Celebrating 20 Years of Creativity” showcases costumes, creatures and other creations by the company’s conceptual design and manufacturing studio (from Harper Design, $100).
Projector : Turn your cellphone into a mobile movie house with the simple-yet-genius Smartphone Projector. Made of cardboard and glass, this affordable gadget requires no outside power source to magnify and project a smartphone screen (www.uncommongoods.com/product/smartphone-projector , $27).
Fun stuff: Kids of all ages love toys. If fans of ”Transformers,” superheroes or ”Star Wars” movies are on your list, consider wrapping up Optimus Prime, an Iron Man figurine or a miniature Millennium Falcon for their bookcase or toy box (www.hasbro.com ). Superhero fans might also appreciate the happy nostalgia of adult-sized Underoos (http://www.hottopic.com/hottopic/Brands/Underoos ).
Do Sundance: If you want to go big, go for a trip to the Sundance Film Festival in January. Held in picturesque Park City, Utah, the 10-day event is open to the public, with celebrity sightings, screenings and filmmaker meet-and-greets in a festive, snowy atmosphere. Festival passes and packages can be pricey, but last-minute, individual screening tickets can be had for $15 to $20 each. The Sundance Institute also sponsors various free activities during the independent film showcase (http://www.sundance.org/festivals/sundance-film-festival ).
Goodie Bag: It’s easy to make a sweet gift for a film fan: Fill a popcorn tub with classic movie candy (or order one here:
Streams come true: Give hundreds of movies for $7.99 a month by springing for a Netflix membership. Easiest gift ever (www.netflix.com ).
Inside the box: If it must be a box set, consider the 10-disc ”Stanley Kubrick: The Masterpiece Collection.” It includes a hardcover book of film archive photos, two new documentaries about Kubrick, and eight of his films: ”Lolita,” ”Dr. Strangelove,” ”2001: A Space Odyssey,” ”A Clockwork Orange,” ”Barry Lyndon,” ”The Shining,” ”Full Metal Jacket” and ”Eyes Wide Shut”
TAGS: Blu-Ray Box Sets Projector
More from industry
Stormy skies ahead as SpiceJet awaits government verdict The future of loss-making Indian airline SpiceJet Ltd hung in the balance on Tuesday, as it awaited a government decision that could give it more time to pay suppliers and pull back from the brink of collapse. In a crisis reminiscent of the high profile downfall of Kingfisher Airlines — which left billions of rupees […]

SAARC nations sign energy cooperation agreementYou are here: Home > Collections > Summit
PM Narendra Modi, Pakistani Premier Nawaz Sharif exchange pleasantries during SAARC retreat
ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 01.11AM IST
Tags:
kathmandu
(Prime Minister Narendra…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Pakistan counterpart Nawaz Sharif finally shook hands on Thursday after ignoring each other for much of the two-day Saarc summit, triggering hopes that the frosty relations between the two neighbours may have some hope of revival after all.
Modi was seen patting Sharif on his hands, sharing a joke, and the two beamed to the assembled cameras as Nepal Prime Minister Sushil Koirala smiled in the background. The brief bonhomie reflected on the ground level as the seven Saarc nations signed an energy cooperation agreement although a much-anticipated motor vehicles and railways pact was left hanging largely thanks to Islamabad's intransigence.
Sources in the Nepal government claimed that it was their PM who nudged Modi and Sharif to reach out to each other. On Wednesday, the Indo-Pak chill was on full display as two leaders ignored each other during the inauguration triggering
fears that the summit would be a washout. Sharif ignored Modi as he walked to his seat at the podium, and Modi was seen busy reading a booklet on Saarc when other leaders were applauding Sharif's speech.
ET learns that the pacts related to movement of motor vehicles and railways could become a reality in six months. However, this would further delay closer integration and economic ties in the region as envisaged by Modi, sources rued.
While Pakistan cited "insufficient time" to attain internal approval for the key connectivity pacts, diplomatic sources told ET the pact was stalled by Islamabad following its reiteration of its earlier position of allowing Indian vehicles to go to Afghanistan via Pakistan territory. This has been Pakistan's position since the idea for Motor Vehicles Agreement was mooted couple of years back, but there was ray of hope following Islamabad's stand in the run up to the Summit. Cabinets in India, Bangladesh, Nepal and Bhutan had ratified the motor vehicles and railways agreements ahead of the Summit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi  Pak PM Sharif exchange pleasantries during SAARC retreatYou are here: Home > Collections > Summit
PM Narendra Modi, Pakistani Premier Nawaz Sharif exchange pleasantries during SAARC retreat
ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 01.11AM IST
Tags:
kathmandu
(Prime Minister Narendra…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Pakistan counterpart Nawaz Sharif finally shook hands on Thursday after ignoring each other for much of the two-day Saarc summit, triggering hopes that the frosty relations between the two neighbours may have some hope of revival after all.
Modi was seen patting Sharif on his hands, sharing a joke, and the two beamed to the assembled cameras as Nepal Prime Minister Sushil Koirala smiled in the background. The brief bonhomie reflected on the ground level as the seven Saarc nations signed an energy cooperation agreement although a much-anticipated motor vehicles and railways pact was left hanging largely thanks to Islamabad's intransigence.
Sources in the Nepal government claimed that it was their PM who nudged Modi and Sharif to reach out to each other. On Wednesday, the Indo-Pak chill was on full display as two leaders ignored each other during the inauguration triggering
fears that the summit would be a washout. Sharif ignored Modi as he walked to his seat at the podium, and Modi was seen busy reading a booklet on Saarc when other leaders were applauding Sharif's speech.
ET learns that the pacts related to movement of motor vehicles and railways could become a reality in six months. However, this would further delay closer integration and economic ties in the region as envisaged by Modi, sources rued.
While Pakistan cited "insufficient time" to attain internal approval for the key connectivity pacts, diplomatic sources told ET the pact was stalled by Islamabad following its reiteration of its earlier position of allowing Indian vehicles to go to Afghanistan via Pakistan territory. This has been Pakistan's position since the idea for Motor Vehicles Agreement was mooted couple of years back, but there was ray of hope following Islamabad's stand in the run up to the Summit. Cabinets in India, Bangladesh, Nepal and Bhutan had ratified the motor vehicles and railways agreements ahead of the Summit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on November 28Nov 28, 2014, 12.39 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on November 28
Here are few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Reliance Industries, Jet Airways, Gulf Oil Lubricants, Castrol India, Asian Paints, Berger Paints, JK Tyre, MRF, Polyplex and Aban Offshore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on November 28
Here are few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Reliance Industries, Jet Airways, Gulf Oil Lubricants, Castrol India, Asian Paints, Berger Paints, JK Tyre, MRF, Polyplex and Aban Offshore.
Post your opinion here

Flying robots to serve as waiters in Singapore restaurantsNov 28, 2014 at 11:46am IST
Flying robots to serve as waiters in Singapore restaurants
52
1
Singapore: If you are planning to visit Singapore next year, don't be surprised if you were greeted and served a sumptuous meal by flying robots as waiters in some restaurants.
Infinium-Serve, the autonomous flying robotic waiters, will be first launched at one of Timbre Group's five outlets in Singapore. And, the restaurant-goers can expect to be served by these robots, the world's first commercial attempt, by the end of next year, Channel Asia reported Thursday.
According to Infinium Robotics CEO Woon Junyang, the project is estimated to cost a "low seven-figure sum" for the five outlets, depending upon final negotiations and certain variables of the actual deployment of the robots.
Infinium-Serve, the autonomous flying robotic waiters, will be first launched at one of Timbre Group's five outlets in Singapore.
Infinium Robotics signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Timbre Group on October 31. Both companies are seeking productivity-related government grants to help offset deployment costs.
Woon said he is confident that such robotic solutions will help alleviate the Singapore's labour crunch.
Introducing this technology into restaurants would take away mundane tasks of serving food and drinks, and allow human waiters to focus on higher-value tasks such as getting feedback from customers, he added.
A prototype of Infinium-Serve was showcased to Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong at the inaugural launch of the National Productivity Month in early October.
130

Made in India EVMs power Africa s first e-vote18
0
Windhoek: Namibia will vote in Africa's first electronic ballot Friday, a general election that will usher in a new president and quotas to put more women in government.
Opposition parties had launched an 11th-hour challenge to the use of the Indian-made e-voting machines, claiming the lack of a paper trail could open the door to vote rigging.
But the Windhoek High Court dismissed the application on Wednesday, leaving the door open for the election to go ahead as planned.
Namibia is voting in Africa's first electronic ballot, a general election that will usher in a new president and quotas to put more women in government.
#evm #electronic voting machines #namibia #elections
Namibians will choose 96 members of the national assembly and one of nine presidential candidates, ranging from the left-wing Economic Freedom Fighters to the white minority Republican Party.
Around 1.2 million Namibians are eligible to cast their ballots at nearly 4,000 electronic voting stations across the vast desert nation.
But there is only one likely winner.
Current Prime Minister Hage Geingob of the ruling SWAPO party has run on a platform of "peace, stability and prosperity" and is sure to become the new president.
The South West Africa People's Organisation was forged from the embers of the anti-colonial and anti-apartheid struggle and has won every election since Namibia's independence from South Africa in 1990.
"I was born SWAPO," said Hosea, a Windhoek student who vowed to vote for the centre-left party of liberation.
According to pollsters, the party remains hugely popular.
The question will be whether discontent over social and economic issues will eat into SWAPO's support, eroding its 75 percent haul garnered in 2009.
'Look at how we live'
Single mother of four Gredula Nashima, 39, said she will vote for SWAPO again this time, but wants to see change.
Sitting in the dirt outside her zinc panel shack by a pile of bones, she talks about unemployment, poor housing and a lack of electricity as she artfully, but violently butchers cows heads with an axe.
Hacking and smashing at the skulls, she renders the meat to small strips that are hung on a clothesline to be dried and sold, or made into "kapana" -- slices of grilled meat. The leftover bones are sold to a fertiliser company.
"We want to see our leader, whoever will be in the seat, to look at our living conditions, our roads are not tarred, but we also want help for those who have their own businesses," she said.
Like many Namibians she remains sceptical about opposition parties and their motives.
"I don't know their intentions and their objectives. If I did know I would be with them," she said.
The opposition had called for the election to be delayed until February.
But Windhoek High Court acting judge Kobus Miller rejected their application, saying he he was not satisfied with their case, although he conceded that voting has two components: voting and verification.
Big tent party
Like many of Africa's liberation movements, SWAPO has become a big-tent party that spans the political spectrum and often seems more involved with intra-party politics than voters.
Supporters say that allows for continuity, but critics say it brings stasis.
A recent Afrobarometer poll showed nearly two thirds of voters believe the government is doing a bad job creating jobs, fighting corruption and improving living standards for the poor.
Economic growth is forecast at around four percent for this year, yet one in four people is out of work, according to the government's narrow definition.
The economy remains dependent on diamond and uranium mining.
Party acolytes are widely seen hogging government tenders and providing "jobs for comrades".
Wealth inequalities are stark.
Adri van Tonder, an elegantly dressed non-nonsense Windhoek car dealer, says business is great.
"It's crazy, if dealers say it is not busy then they are just being lazy."
Van Tonder said she sells small cars to people working in mining and other industries, but top dollars come from "people from the ministries" -- the government elite who buy the sleekest German sedans.
In a bid to be more in touch with voters SWAPO has vowed to put half of party and parliamentary posts in the hands of women.
The party has launched a "zebra" parliamentary list - one man, one woman - to make sure half of parliamentarians are women.
But facing a backlash from sitting male MPs, parliament has also expanded the number of seats to 96 under a constitutional amendment.
219

ONGC s $3-bn Mozambique investment gets govt shieldONGC's $3-bn Mozambique investment gets govt shield
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 28, 2014  | 18:31 IST
With ONGC lining up $3 billion more investment in a giant Mozambique gas field, the government on Friday pressed the African nation to approve a law that will help protect its investment.
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), and Oil India Ltd (OIL) have already spent $5 billion in taking 20 per cent stake in Area-1 gas field.
Their share of investment for developing the offshore gas field and converting the fuel into LNG for export in ships would be another $3 billion-plus.
Though the required law and investment agreements are in place for the Production Sharing Contract (PSC) for the upstream component, the special regimes required for midstream and downstream investment (pipelines and LNG plants) are yet to be finalised, sources privy to the development said.
The special regimes for midstream and downstream investment require passing of a decree law and an LNG investment agreement with the approval of the Parliament of Mozambique. While the Mozambique cabinet has approved the decree law, it is awaiting Parliament nod, sources said.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan on Friday pressed visting Mozambique Foreign Minister Oldemiro Julio Marques Baloi for early passage of the law.
Any delay in the Parliament nod will push back the project as Mozambique is headed for general elections and a new Parliament may take sometime to constitute and approve the decree.
This, they said, may result in erosion in the value of project. Sources said OVL and partners are targeting 2019 for start of gas production. An official statement said Pradhan and the visiting minister discussed various areas of mutual cooperation in the energy sector.
Pradhan said both countries have traditional links which have grown from strength to strength over the years, it said.
During the meeting, an MoU was signed between India and Mozambique on cooperation in the field of oil and gas for five years. The objective of the MoU is to enhance bilateral cooperation on the basis of equality and mutual benefit, the statement said. US energy firm Anadarko Petroleum Corp is the operator of Area-1 or Rovuma-1 project.

Create a culture of innovation  says Glenmark s MDE Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 09:25 IST
Glenn Saldanha, Chairman & Managing Director of Glenmark Pharmaceuticals. Photo: Shekhar Ghosh
What does it take to create and run a new generation research-led pharmaceutical company? The answers came in a short but detailed presentation made by Glenn Saldanha, Chairman & Managing Director of Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, on Friday.
It was as part of the Best CEOs awards function organised by Business Today as part of its BT MindRush conclave of business leaders.
Himself a recipient of a Best CEO award, Saldanha said, "Success in R&D is essentially linked to getting together various components in business - from having a model that funds costly R&D to creating a culture in the organisation that promotes innovation. 
FULL COVERAGE: MindRush 2014
To the audience that had some of the best CEOs of India , he said, "Creating a culture that promotes innovation is crucial."  He added that innovative training programmes across businesses along with an entrepreneurial environment were crucial to fostering innovation.
India, he said, has a large pool of high-quality talent across all parts of development cycle. But there is need for more and better trained manpower for specific areas of the R&D value chain. Also, there is "significant potential to strengthen quality of research and commercial orientation in academic institutions across the country," he said.
Patience is also important to create and run a research-driven pharma company, according to Saldanha.
For instance, he pointed out, it can take anywhere between 15-20 years for a single molecule to receive marketing approval. He also said that right partners were important because, "greater knowledge and experience in late-stage development and sharing of risks were crucial in this space."

Assured  monthly income alone can retain youth in agricultureUpdated: November 26, 2014 23:16 IST
Assured, monthly income alone can retain youth in agriculture
M. J. Prabu
The entire family of the farmer is involved in farming work. Photo: M.J. Prabu
TOPICS
agriculture
In spite of all its importance, agriculture still lacks the glamour of a full-time job for young people to take the plunge. The main reason many traditional farmers and several youngsters attribute to this is that it is not remunerative or reliable.
“If traditional farmers themselves say this then how does a youngster get attracted into this line which is mainly seen as an image of an old man looking at the sky for rains? It is only possible if we are able to assure a monthly income of at least Rs. 50,000 from a hectare. Only if we can assure this income can there be any meaning for all these talks on attracting and encouraging youngsters to get into this line,” says Mr. S.S. Rajsekar, Managing Trustee, National Agro Foundation (NAF), Chennai.
Not lose touch
Remuneration or return on investment is very important, but at the same time young people must not lose touch with tradition. In the rush of learning they should not forget the importance of ploughing — which provides food.
Mr. Bhaskar Reddy, a progressive farmer from Kizhmaruvathur village in Kancheepuram district, is a standing example as to how farming can be financially rewarding and at the same time he has taken care to see his two educated daughters have not lost touch with their family activity.
Besides studying, his daughters help him with the everyday activities on his five-acre farm.
As the region is predominantly a paddy and sugarcane growing belt like several others, Mr. Reddy was also growing the same. But the crops proved not so remunerative and he decided to sell his lands and move to Chennai.
“Many of our relatives and friends had sold their lands and moved to cities. But something within me held me back. A decision I am very glad of today, as my land is worth much more than what it was some years back,” says a smiling Mr. Reddy.
Better times
His fortunes turned for the better after he approached the National Agro Foundation for help and guidance.
He sought their expert advice on how to switch over to short term cash crops and was advised to take up vegetable farming of such crops as brinjal, watermelon and muskmelon.
NAF also provided him technical assistance on cultivation practices from seed to harvest.
When majority of farmers who are engaged in farming are finding it difficult to engage agricultural labour, Mr. Reddy and his family started working on their farm. By involving his family members, he saves about Rs. 1 lakh annually.
Modern technologies
Modern technologies like drip irrigation, soil plastic mulching, fertigation, annual soil fertility test are all being implemented. Judicious blending of organic and biological ways of pest control is being carried out in his farm.
Today Mr. Reddy is able to earn Rs. 1 lakh in 3-4 months from his brinjal crops.
Once the brinjals were harvested he cultivated watermelon in the fields and in three months time was able to earn nearly Rs. 3.5 lakhs as net profit for the a year by growing watermelons.
He also started a nursery to supply vegetable seedlings to other farmers for different crops from which he earns Rs.1.5 lakh additionally
“After completing my studies I prefer helping my father in his field and do not intend seeking a job in some company. Today, an engineering graduate earns between Rs.15,000 to Rs.20,000 a month whereas I am able to earn much more working in my own field,” says one of his daughters.
“From a failure farmer I have been able to come out as a successful person only because I learned and implemented new technologies in my fields. Farmers should always concentrate on growing vegetables apart from regular paddy crops since it fetches better returns in a short time,” he says.
Felicitated
The farmer was recently felicitated by the Chairman of the NABARD for his contribution towards sustainable agriculture
For more information contact Mr. M. R.Ramasubramaniyan, Executive Director on mobile: 9444864884, website: www.nationalagro.org.in, email: nafsree@gmail.com and Bhaskar Reddy, Reddiar street, Keelmaruvathur, Melvaruvathur post, Cheyur taluk, Kanchipuram district, Tamil Nadu, mobile: 8940039953 and 9944577533.

The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 - The starving pyramidGenre: Sci fi/ action
Director: Francis Lawrence
Cast: Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks, Julianne Moore, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Jeffrey Wright, Stanley Tucci, and Donald Sutherland
Plot: Katniss is the reluctant face of the rebellion
Suzanne Collins’ The Hunger Games trilogy is a powerful piece of young adult fiction. Set in a dystopian future where children fight to the death in a grim, televised reality show, The Hunger Games was a phenomenon and created a gutsy heroine in Katniss Everdeen. Of the movies, the first one, The Hunger Games (2012) directed by Gary Ross was close to the spirit of the book with Jennifer Lawrence making for an excellent Katniss. The strong supporting cast from Stanley Tucci as the TV show host Caesar Flickerman, Woody Harrelson as Haymitch Abernathy, the only survivor of the games from Katniss’ district, Lenny Kravitz as the designer Cinna and Donald Sutherland as evil President Coriolanus Snow smelling of blood and roses added to the punch. There was Josh Hutcherson as Peeta Mellark and Liam Hemsworth as Gale Hawthorne providing eye candy.
The sequel, Catching Fire (2013), directed by Francis Lawrence felt like more of the same with Philip Seymour Hoffman as the games designer Plutarch Heavensbee being the only plus point. The third book in the trilogy is split in two — I am sure it makes marketing sense, but am not sure how it helps the story. Julianne Moore is the only addition to the cast and she kills the role of rebel president Alma Coin with icy calm.
The action is well staged and sees Katniss on the advice of Coin reluctantly become the face of the rebellion. All the supporting cast are excellent. Lawrence doesn’t have much to do and unfortunately not much fighting. Somewhere in the movie while reviewing Katniss’ performance in a promotional video, Haymitch says Katniss’ really make you feel when she is natural; not staged or coached. That seems to be the problem with the movie too — it looks too staged and rehearsed. The only truly moving moment was when the film ended with a dedication to Philip Seymour Hoffman, who passed away earlier this year. That reminder that we would never see the rumpled, crumpled movie star on screen brought a lump to the throat.
Bottomline: The Law of diminishing returns in full operation
Also read: Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 1 movie review by Sudhir Srinivasan

PM Update: Weekend warming trend awaits after a wintry weekBy Dan Stillman November 28 Follow @stillmand
Just enough snow for a snowman family in Oakton, Va., on Thanksgiving morning. (Kevin Ambrose)
Today proved a chilly end to a wintry week. Warmer times, in addition to that holiday shopping traffic, are just around the corner though. The edge comes off the chill just a bit tomorrow, then we’re talking 50s Sunday and possibly 60s on Monday.
Through Tonight: It’s a chilly one this evening as temperatures drop toward 30. But skies turning partly to mostly cloudy keep readings from a total free-fall, as overnight lows bottom in the mid-20s to near 30 with light winds.
The Weekend: Saturday starts a nice warming trend, with Sunday the clear winner of the weekend. Saturday begins with a possible morning flurry, then stays partly to mostly cloudy with highs in the mid-40s and winds from the south at 5-10 mph. On Sunday, partly sunny skies and a continued breeze from the south boost temperatures at least about 10 degrees warmer, to highs in the mid-to-upper 50s.
See Camden Walker’s forecast through the weekend . And if you haven’t already, join us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter . For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock.
Dan Stillman is a meteorologist and editor for the Capital Weather Gang. He earned an M.S. in Meteorology from Texas A&M University, and a B.S. in Atmospheric, Oceanic and Space Sciences from the University of Michigan.

Spains Real Madrid drops cross from logo to appease Gulf sponsorsBy Ishaan Tharoor November 28 Follow @ishaantharoor
The official Real Madrid club crest, left, and the modified image appearing in the U.A.E., right.
Spanish soccer heavyweight Real Madrid dropped the Christian cross affixed at the top of its  official crest after signing a lucrative sponsorship deal with the National Bank of Abu Dhabi. At an unveiling ceremony in the Gulf emirate earlier this week, the club's president, Florentino Perez, revealed a new credit card sponsored by the bank, which doubles as a Real Madrid club membership card. On the card, the club's iconic "Los Blancos" badge is missing the cross atop its royal crown.
Its absence is seen as a gesture to placate Muslim fans in the region, according to Spanish sports daily Marca . Outside the U.A.E., the club crest has not been altered.
Perez said the partnership with the Abu Dhabi bank symbolized for Real Madrid a "strategic alliance with one of the most prestigious institutions in the world."
Real Madrid, one of Europe's most well-known and decorated soccer clubs, has a rich, deep history. It emerged after the horrors of the Spanish Civil War as  the club of the establishment , unabashed by its monarchist pedigree and favored by the fascist dictator Francisco Franco. Its rivalry with FC Barcelona, a club that to this day sees itself as a vehicle of Catalan nationalism , is legendary.
But in the gaudy, lucrative age of 21st century globalized soccer , Spain's leading soccer clubs, like those in England, have long been unmoored from their roots, eager to cash in on far-flung markets and new audiences.
"I know that local people experience every match in a special way and that our links with the U.A.E. are constantly growing stronger," Perez said in an earlier visit. "[The new sponsorship deal] will help the club keep conquering the hearts of followers in the United Arab Emirates."
Real Madrid is hardly alone in such ventures. Its arch-nemesis recently debuted a new commercial with its jersey sponsor Qatar Airways (embedded above) that depicts a visit to the "land of FC Barcelona" -- an invented world of skyscrapers and cosmopolitan jet-setters devoid of any sense of real place or context. It's an echo of how many oil-rich Gulf states present themselves as luxury destinations for Western business elites. And it's a clear expression of the new globe-trotting corporatism that defines the world's most popular sport today.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

Why moon sign is more accurate than sun signBigg Boss 8
What Your Moon Sign Says About Your Personality
Moon signs, like sun signs, are an important parameter of one's personality as per astrology. Moon is the signifier of one's mind and heart, and that is why moon sign is the right way to understand one's motives, emotions, reactions and feelings. You can find out your moon sign from an astrological analysis of your horoscope. Know yourself better based on your moon sign.

Govt nod to 15 FDI plans; CCEA to consider HDFC Bk proposalNov 28, 2014, 10.23 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt nod to 15 FDI plans; CCEA to consider HDFC Bk proposal
The proposals were cleared by Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) headed by the Economic Affairs Secretary in its meeting held earlier this month.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt nod to 15 FDI plans; CCEA to consider HDFC Bk proposal
The proposals were cleared by Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) headed by the Economic Affairs Secretary in its meeting held earlier this month.
Post your opinion here
 
The Finance Ministry today said it has cleared 15 FDI applications, including that of  Panacea Biotech and Sanofi-Synthelabo (India), and recommended HDFC Bank 's proposal to hike foreign holding to the Cabinet for consideration.
The proposals were cleared by Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) headed by the Economic Affairs Secretary in its meeting held earlier this month.
The Ministry said HDFC Bank had sought approval for maintaining the permissible foreign holding in the bank up to 74 per cent of the total paid up capital, out of which the FII sub-limit would be 49 per cent and the balance 25 per cent would be foreign direct investment (FDI).
"...(the) proposal has been recommended for the consideration of CCEA, as the investment involved in the proposals is above Rs 1,200 crore," it said.
It further said Panacea Biotech Limited has got the government's nod for issuance of equity shares to Qualified Institutional Buyers (QIBs) through proposed qualified institutional placement. Proposal of the Delhi-based listed pharmaceutical firm entails investment of Rs 250 crore.
The FIPB cleared the Rs 90-crore proposal of Sanofi-Synthelabo (India), a wholly owned subsidiary of Sanofi S.A., France.
It had sought approval for additional foreign investment of Rs 90 crore from its parent company and inter-corporate loan from another Indian incorporated Sanofi Group company to acquire 20 per cent equity in Apollo Sugar Clinics, Mumbai- a company engaged in providing healthcare clinical services.
A Rs 184-crore investment proposal of GETIT Infoservices too has been approved. The permission was given to increasing foreign equity participation in its share capital from present 96.266 per cent to up to 100 per cent.
The FIPB also rejected proposals of Quikjet Cargo Airlines, Bangalore and Phil Arthur Bedford, Dubai.
Meanwhile, the Board deferred decision on seven proposals, including of Holcim (India) and Augere Wireless Broadband India Pvt Ltd.
RELATED NEWS

Bring down oil prices: CongressBring down oil prices: Congress
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, November 28:  
The Congress has accused the Centre of deviating from the promises it had made during the election campaign. Party spokesperson Anand Sharma told reporters here on Friday that the BJP had promised that prices of all essential commodities would be brought down if it came to power. But, even though global crude oil prices have decreased, the Centre has not reduced the domestic prices of petrol and diesel. Sharma said that on the issue of black money too the BJP has double standards. He urged the Centre to apologise to the people for not keeping its promise that black money stashed at tax havens will be brought back.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

Operation to nab  godman  Rampal cost Rs 26 crAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
The massive operation to locate and arrest controversial ‘godman’ Rampal cost the exchequer over Rs 26 crore, the Punjab and Haryana High Court was told.
Amidst tight security, Rampal was produced before a division bench of justices M Jeyapaul and Darshan Singh here which adjourned the case to December 23 when Rampal would be produced along with co-accused Ram Pal Dhaka and O P Hooda.
Haryana DGP S N Vashisht submitted a detailed report of the operation at Satlok Ashram at Barwala in Hisar leading to the arrest of Rampal after large-scale violence.
The states of Haryana and Punjab besides the Chandigarh Administration and Union of India submitted reports of the expenditure incurred in connection with the operation to arrest Rampal for production in the High Court in the contempt case.
As per the figures presented by the states, Haryana spent Rs 15.43 crore on locating and arresting Rampal, Punjab Rs 4.34 crore, Chandigarh Administration Rs 3.29 crore and Union of India Rs 3.55 crore, totaling Rs 26.61 crore
The bench asked the Director General of Police (DGP), Haryana, to submit medical report of those injured.
The court also asked the police to verify the antecedents of 909 arrested in connection with the violence at Satlok Ashram at Barwala for arresting Rampal.
Police have been asked to ascertain whether any of those arrested had retired from the police or were ex-servicemen or were serving in the police and related agencies.
63-year-old Rampal was arrested on November 19 after a two-week tense standoff between his supporters and the police after close to 15,000 of his followers were evacuated from the sprawling premises.
During the standoff between Rampal’s followers and the police, five women and a child had died, while more than 200 people were injured in the clashes.
The High Court had on November 5 cancelled the bail of Rampal in a 2006 murder case after he failed to appear in the High Court.
The division bench had posted the matter for hearing today with a direction to the Haryana Police chief to file an affidavit giving details of the operation carried out to arrest Rampal from his ashram in Barwala along with damage, injuries to people, details regarding arms and ammunition in the ashram and loss of property.
Rampal, against whom the High Court had issued non-bailable warrant in the contempt case, had failed to appear before it on three dates – November 5, 10 and 17.
The court had suo moto taken up the issue of cancellation of bail on November 10 when Rampal failed to appear in the contempt case. He was arrested by Haryana Police on November 19 from his 12-acre Satlok Ashram.
The ‘godman’ was produced before the High Court on November 20 a day after his arrest in the contempt of court case.
He was later remanded to five day police custody by a local court after fresh cases, including of sedition, arson and obstructing public servants from performing duty, were slapped on him which was subsequently extended by six days.
So far, more than 900 followers of Rampal have been arrested on various charges.
Besides sedition and other charges, fresh FIRs including that of murder were also registered against Rampal.
TAGS: Rampal
More from miscellaneous

Stroke damage mechanism identifiedSkipping meals makes kids obese: Study
Scientists have discovered a mechanism linked to the brain damage often suffered by stroke victims and are now searching for drugs to block it.
Strokes happen when the blood supply to part of the brain is cut off but much of the harm to survivors’ memory and other cognitive function is often actually caused by “oxidative stress” in the hours and days after the blood supply resumes.
A team from the University of Leeds in UK and Zhejiang University in China studied this second phase of damage in laboratory mice and found a mechanism in neurons that, if removed, reduced the damage to brain function.
“Until now, much of the drug research has been focussing on the direct damage caused by the loss of blood flow, but this phase can be hard to target. The patient may not even be in the ambulance when it is happening,” said co-author Dr Lin-Hua Jiang, of the University of Leeds’ School of Biomedical Sciences.
“We have found a mechanism that is linked to the next phase of damage that will often be underway after patients have been admitted to hospital,” Jiang said.
The study, published in the journal Cell Death and Disease, looked at the damage caused by the excessive production of chemicals called “reactive oxygen species” in brain tissues immediately after blood supply is re-established.
In a healthy brain, there are very low levels of reactive oxygen species, but the quantity dramatically increases after a stroke to levels that are harmful to neurons.
“We identified an ‘ion channel’ in the membranes of neurons, called TRPM2, which is switched on in the presence of the reactive oxygen species,” Jiang said.
“Basically, an ion channel is a door in the membrane of a cell that allows it to communicate with the outside world – TRPM2 opens when the harmful levels of reactive oxygen species are present and we found that removing it significantly reduced neuronal cell damage,” Jiang said.
The researchers compared the effects of strokes on mice with TRPM2 with a transgenic strain without it.
“In the mice in which the TRPM2 channel does not function, the reactive oxygen species are still produced but the neurons are very much protected. The neuronal death is significantly reduced,” Jiang said.
“More importantly, we observed a significant difference in brain function, with the protected mice demonstrating significantly superior memory in lab tests,” Jiang added.
“This study has pinpointed a very promising drug target. We are now screening a large chemical library to find ways of effectively inhibiting this channel,” Jiang said.
“Our ongoing research using animal models is testing whether blockage of this channel can offer protection again brain damage and cognitive dysfunction in stroke patients,” Jiang said.
More from health
Two-minute delay in cutting umbilical cord good for babies Delaying the cutting of the umbilical cord in newborns by two minutes leads to better development of the baby during the first days of life...

GDP grows at 5.3% in September quarterAt 5.3%, GDP growth beats estimates
BS Reporter | New Delhi Nov 29, 2014 12:59 AM IST
For the quarter ended September, India’s gross domestic product (GDP) grew 5.3 per cent, compared with 5.7 per cent in the previous quarter. The fall was primarily due to slow growth in the manufacturing sector, which expanded only 0.1 per cent, compared with 3.5 percent in the previous quarter.
As such, growth for the first half of this financial year stands at 5.5 per cent, compared with 4.9 per cent for the corresponding period last year.
In a statement, the finance ministry said, “Growth in the second quarter of this financial year has broadly been on expected lines…In view of the lower than expected monsoon this year vis-à-vis a good monsoon in 2013-14, lower growth in the agriculture sector was expected...the overall and sectoral growth rates in the second quarter are lower than in the first, except for the services sector, where the growth has been little higher than in the first.”
“For the manufacturing sector, there hasn’t been a broad uptick in consumption and demand for the September quarter, except in the automobiles sector,” said Aditi Nayar, chief economist, Icra. Though growth during the September quarter this year exceeded the estimates of most analysts, it is likely to increase the clamour for an interest rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) at its next bi-monthly monetary policy review on Tuesday.
The quarter-on-quarter slowdown in economic growth comes amid Consumer Price Index-based inflation for October falling to a historic low, as well as low industrial output. It is expected Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will impress upon RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan the need to cut rates, at a customary pre-monetary policy meeting.
“Slowing government spending and exports during the quarter ended September contributed to a renewed slowdown in economic activity. Hopefully, RBI will take a cue from this in its coming policy review,” said Debopam Chaudhuri, chief economist, ZyFin Research. “To record healthy growth of more than five per cent in FY15, the economy will have to see continued improvement, particularly in industries and services, given that agricultural growth is already factored in to be lower this year on account of the disrupted monsoon. The government will not be able to provide a push due to constraints on the fiscal deficit front,” Madan Sabnavis, chief economist, CARE Ratings, said in a note.
The government’s fiscal deficit for the April-October period touched 89.6 per cent of the FY15 Budget estimate of Rs 5.31 lakh crore, primarily on account of lower tax revenue collections.
Reacting to the data on growth, former finance minister P Chidambaram said, “No one should be surprised that the second quarter of 2014-15 has returned a growth rate of 5.3 per cent. When the government rushed to take credit for the first quarter’s growth rate of 5.7 per cent, I had cautioned them. All the signs of a sluggish economy were there — low credit growth, a limping manufacturing sector, no new major investments, stalled projects, infrastructure bottlenecks, etc….The government seems to have been seduced by the rise in the stock market.” He recommended reiterating the goal of containing the fiscal deficit at 4.1 per cent this year; unblocking stalled projects; identify a few big-ticket investments; and convincing RBI that a rate cut was an imperative.
According to data released by the Central Statistics Office on Friday, the manufacturing sector expanded only 0.1 percent in the September quarter, in line with low reading in the Index of Industrial Production through the past few months. For July, August and September, the index rose 0.4, 0.5 and 2.5 per cent, respectively. With household demand continuing to remain weak, as witnessed in the consumer durables and non-durables segments in the IIP, there doesn’t seem to be a rush for fresh investment, as capacity utilisation remains low and firms are saddled with excess capacity. As a result, bank credit off-take continues to remain low.
Further, export growth has slowed considerably, possibly on account of weak growth in the euro zone and a slowdown in China, which together account for about 30 per cent of India’s exports. The agriculture sector, which accounts for 14 percent of India’s GDP, grew 3.2 per cent in the quarter ended September, compared with 3.8 per cent in previous quarter. Economists expect for the entire financial year, the sector will grow one per cent due to a high base — it grew 4.7 per cent in 2013-14 —, and the adverse impact of a deficit monsoon. Earlier, the Ministry of Agriculture had estimated a low kharif output for cereals, pulses and oilseeds.
In the services sector, the finance, insurance, real estate and business services segment grew 9.5 per cent during the September quarter this year, against 10.4 per cent in the quarter ended June. The community, social & personal services segment grew 9.6 per cent, against 9.1 per cent in the previous quarter. With the government expected to slash expenditure in the coming months to meet its fiscal deficit target, growth in this sector is expected to slow considerably, which might affect overall economic growth for FY15.
“Data on expenditure reveal concerns, particularly stagnation in investment activity and contraction in exports. Given the low rise in the government’s tax collections and the expenditure curtailment to ensure the fiscal target is met could dampen GDP growth in the remainder of this financial year,” said Icra’s Nayar.
According to the data released on Friday, at 2004-05 prices, government final consumption expenditure stood at 10.6 per cent of GDP in the September quarter, compared with 12.4 per cent in the previous quarter. At current prices, it stood at 11.7 per cent, compared with 13.4 percent in the June quarter. Gross fixed capital formation, an indicator of investment, slowed to 28.3 per cent from 28.6 per cent in the June quarter and 29.9 per cent in the September quarter of 2013-14.
PRESSURE POINTS
Manufacturing growth down to 0.1% from 1.3% in the year-ago period
 
Private consumption as percentage of GDP almost flat compared with Q2FY14 levels, at 57.8%
 
Agriculture growth slowed to 3.2% from 3.8% in the July quarter and 5% for the year-ago period
 
Gross fixed capital formation as percentage of GDP at 28.3%, down from 29.9% for corresponding period in FY14
LOOKING AHEAD
Slide in September quarter economic growth creates pressure for FY15. Official estimates stand at 5.4-5.9%
 
GDP data create pressure on RBI for rate cuts ahead of monetary policy meeting on Dec 2
 
October CPI inflation at historic low; WPI inflation at 5-year low
 

RIL s petrochemical business to help offset falling crude oil shockRIL's petrochemical business to help offset falling crude oil shock
BS Reporter | Mumbai Nov 29, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Reliance Industries would fare comparatively better in an environment of falling oil prices because of its scale and complexity and its capacity expansion in the petrochemicals businesses over the next 12-18 months, analysts said.
The $10-billion petrochemicals expansion will help the Mukesh Ambani-led company to offset declines in refining earnings. “Crude oil prices will impact Reliance Industries’ gross refining margin by at least $1.5 a barrel this quarter,” said Phani Sekhar, fund manager with Angel Broking.
In the September quarter, Reliance Industries’ gross refining margin was $8.3 a barrel, up from $7.7 in the same quarter of 2013-14. Besides, Reliance Industries’ premium over the regional benchmark widened to $3.5 a barrel from $2.5 a barrel in the corresponding period previous year, aided by wider crude oil price differentials and the sourcing advantage. Crude oil prices are down 30 per cent since June and fell towards $72 a barrel on Friday.
Reliance Industries’ revenue in the September quarter fell by 4.7 per cent to Rs 1,13,396 crore and the company blamed it on crude oil prices and volumes in the refining and oil and gas business. On the positive side, Reliance Industries’ cost of raw materials was also lower by 12.9 per cent in the September quarter due to lower crude oil prices.
Industry analysts said unlike other Asian refiners, which bought most of their crude oil from the West Asia, Reliance Industries was buying crude oil from wherever it could secure an attractive price. Many oil refiners across Asia are sitting on inventories of expensive crude oil. Since Reliance Industries also sells its products in advance  based on earlier crude oil prices, it will be able to withstand the price fall better.
Reliance Industries’ rival, the government-owned Indian Oil reported a loss of Rs 1,897 crore on inventories for the September quarter. All refining companies would be hit by expensive inventories in the current quarter ending December, analysts said. But Reliance Industries’ petrochemicals business would chip in by the end of next year, they added.
Most Indian refiners keep 15-18 days of inventories and are planning to bring this down to a minimum as crude oil prices fall. If oil prices fall further, the margins of all Indian oil refiners, including Reliance Industries, will be affected.
“The sharp fall in crude oil prices has resulted in the light-heavy crude spread narrowing to $2.8 previous week, impacting the complex refining margins and gross refining margins of Indian companies,” said Chirag Kabani, a Mumbai-based analyst.

Farm sector growth slows on poor monsoonFarm sector growth slows on poor monsoon
BS Reporter | New Delhi Nov 29, 2014 12:49 AM IST
India's farm sector growth slipped to 3.2 per cent in the second quarter of FY15 from five per cent during the year-ago period, with kharif foodgrains production falling by nine million tonnes, owing to below-normal monsoon. Agricultural growth during the April to June quarter was 3.5 per cent.
The southwest monsoon, which is the lifeline for millions of farmers across the country, was 40 per cent less than normal in the first 45 days of the four-month season, which started in June. However, it made a remarkable recovery and narrowed the shortfall to 11 per cent by the time the season ended in September.
According to the met office, 30 per cent of the country received less than normal rainfall. Four sub-divisions - Himachal Pradesh, west Uttar Pradesh, east Uttar Pradesh and Telangana - were deficient-to-scanty rain during all the four months of the season.
Rainfall in June was 57 per cent of the long period average (LPA), while it was 90 per cent in July and August, and 108 per cent in September. LPA is the average rainfall the country received in the past 50 years.
The highest impact of the uneven rains was in the final production of coarse cereals, oilseeds and pulses. However, with rains recovering late, there is a possibility of better harvest during the rabi season, whose sowing started from the middle of November.
"I feel a farm gross domestic product (GDP) growth of 3.2 per cent in the second quarter of 2014-15 is quite good given the fact that monsoon in the initial part of the season was bad. Though it is a drop from five per cent, which is mainly due to partial impact of low kharif production, it is much better than some of the previous low monsoon years," Ramesh Chand, director of the National Centre for Agricultural Economics and Policy Research, told Business Standard.
He said for the full-year (FY15), agriculture growth is expected to be 2.5-3 per cent, against four per cent in 2013-14.

Jennifer Winget  Karan Singh Grovers marriage isoverWritten by Sonal Gera | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:37 am
TV actress Jennifer Winget, who is soon going to make her Bollywood debut with Kunal Kohli’s next wherein he debuts as an actor, has confirmed that her marriage to actor Karan Singh Grover has hit choppy waters.
The couple, who tied the knot in April 2012, had reportedly been living separately since long.
According to a report published in Times Of India , the actress, who has been staying separately from Karan for the last few months, was hoping things would settle down and hence, maintained that everything was fine. A friend close to the couple goes onto reveal about the philandering ways of Karan Singh Grover and how he has always been commitment phobic.
The couple had worked together in Star One show ‘Dil Mill Gaye’.
This was Karan’s second marriage. His first marriage to TV actress Shraddha Nigam ended in 10 months. The actor is also soon going to make his Bollywood debut with Panorama Studios’ ‘Alone’ co-starring Bipasha Basu.

Ferguson rage: Mall closes on Black Friday as protests spreadBy: Agence-France Presse | Ferguson |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:09 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 4:24 pm
Police arrested 15 people in the protest-hit St Louis suburb of Ferguson on Friday in more demonstrations demanding justice for an unarmed black teenager killed by police.
There have also been sporadic demonstrations around the United States after a Missouri grand jury decided earlier this week not to indict the white policeman who shot dead 18-year-old Michael Brown in August.
Monday’s announcement that officer Darren Wilson will not face charges sparked protests, looting and eruptions of gun fire in Ferguson, and demonstrators were again on the streets in the predominantly black suburb on Friday.
“Police in Ferguson issued warning to protesters leave streets. Some protesters ignored warnings. Were taken into custody,” St Louis County Police Department tweeted.
In a subsequent tweet, it added: “Confirmed: 15 arrested in Ferguson; one facing assault on a law enforcement officer charge. Other protesters remain peaceful.”

Broadcast blunder again at DD  courtesy iffy reporterBroadcast blunder again at DD, courtesy iffy reporter
Zia Haq , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 29, 2014
First Published: 00:08 IST(29/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:22 IST(29/11/2014)
Comments
Doordarshan is no stranger to committing broadcasting blunders. But the glitch-prone public broadcaster saw some particularly disastrous anchoring and on-air flubs during the recent India International Film Festival (IFFI) in Goa, which has now gone viral on social media.
I&B minister Arun Jaitley with actors Amitabh Bachchan and Rajinikanth at the inauguration of the 45th International Film Festival of India in Panaji on November 20.
The ill-prepared anchor assigned to cover the flagship state-run cinema event messed up everything a television reporter could — from her lines to her description of the event, committing some 20 obnoxious gaffes.
In one instance, she refers to the governor of Goa as the “governor of India”. Remember Mountbatten?
In the course of an hour she spent on the red carpet, she was bizarrely incoherent.
Sample this: “Aur mujhe IFFI ka concept bahut pasand aaya kyunki hum poori duniya mein friendship banaye rakhte hain... aur cooperation seekhte hain. (I really like the concept of IFFI because we are able to continue friendship globally and foster cooperation.)”
Or this: “Goa is going to become a very, very significant part of this world. All around the world, Goa will be known for its festivals. I mean, I am just obliged to be a part of it.”
The anchor also had some serious on-air admission to make as a film journalist: “I don’t know much about films and stuffs in depth.”
She then asked the most impertinent question ever asked to a film festival delegate: “Sir, do you like films.” Some silence, and then pat came the reply: “Of course I do.”

DDA housing scheme: 1 200 on waiting listAfter many flip-flops in the past 20 days, the much-awaited draw of lots for Delhi Development Authority’s (DDA) housing scheme 2014 was finally held on Tuesday.
For the unsuccessful aspirants, there is still a small ray of hope.
Apart from the 25,034 applicants who got lucky, the housing agency also carried out a draw to create a ‘waiting list’ of applicants. Full results HERE
The number of applicants in the waiting list would be around 1,250 -- 5% of the total number of flats on offer. The wait list is yet to be announced.
“The wait list is drawn up along with the list of successful applicants and is checked by independent observers. It will be announced shortly,” said a senior DDA official.
The list will remain valid for the next 15 months from the issue of demand letters to successful applicants and those on the wait list can get a flat if someone decides to surrender theirs. Also, the wait list candidates will get their registration money back along with other unsuccessful applicants within three months.
A separate draw would be held after one year from the date of issue of demand letters for allotment of the surrendered flats to the wait listed registrants as per the order of priority. The wait list is created just to ensure that the surrendered flats are allotted to same registrants rather than keeping them vacant till the next housing scheme.
Ecstasy and dejection mark DDA draw
“The draw of lots was wrapped up in record time of 40 days despite receiving over 10 lakh applications, the highest ever. The number of flats on offer was also the highest ever,” said DDA vice-chairman Balvinder Kumar. “Also, for the first time we webcast the whole process live,” he said.
Kumar said the payment, allotment and possession of flats would be done online completely. “Allottees would have to come to DDA office to show important documents only. Each allottee shall be provided with an ID and password through which he will be able to track the status (of the allotment process). Allottees will also be notified through SMS and email alerts,” he said.
The scheme was launched on September 1 and continued till October 15, after an extension. The draw of lots was initially scheduled to be held on November 5 but due to the immense volume of data involved, the draw date had to be repeatedly postponed.
The DDA headquarters, Vikas Sadan, where the draw was held, saw chaos in the afternoon as applicants who had gathered there started protesting the closed door draw, even when it was webcast live.
The computerised draw of lots began at 12.15 pm and was completed by 2 pm. The results were uploaded on the DDA website within one-and-a-half hours.
Meeta Sharma (62), whose late husband had first applied for a DDA housing scheme in 1986 but didn’t get a flat. “We have applied in all the housing schemes ever since but never got lucky. All I want is a roof over my head in Delhi but it seems the almighty doesn’t want it,” she said, looking listlessly towards the sky.

Fiscal Deficit at 90%: Analysts See Jaitley Effecting More Spending CutsRBI to Wait for 'Clearer Read' Before Cutting Rates in April-June
Mumbai: With government borrowing touching 90 per cent of the budgeted target till October, brokerages have said this may force Finance Minister Arun Jaitley to announce another round of spending cuts.
Blaming the high fiscal deficit to poor revenue receipts due to lower tax collection and lack of divestment proceeds, Nomura India chief economist Sonal Varma described the fiscal position as a "tighter spot" and said the Finance Minister will be forced to announce more spending cuts over and above the 10 per cent he has already announced.
The government on Friday said the fiscal deficit touched 89.6 per cent of its full-year budgeted target. Against this during the same period last fiscal year, it was 84.4 per cent. The budget has pegged a 4.1 per cent deficit target for this fiscal year and Mr Jaitley has many a time reiterated that he will not cross the red line of the fiscal discipline front.
"The finance ministry has implemented a mandatory 10 per cent cut in discretionary spending and it will also save on lower fuel subsidies in H2 due to the fall in oil prices. However, today's data indicate, in our view, that the above measures may not fully offset the shortfall in tax revenues and lack of disinvestment. Therefore, additional spending cuts may be necessary to meet the fiscal deficit target," Mr Varma said in a note.
In a separate note, Citigroup India chief economist Rohini Malkani said trends in government finances remain weak and the present deficit is way above the five year average of 74 per cent in April-October period.
While the government has announced a 10 per cent cut in non-Plan expenditure, which is 0.3 per cent of GDP, we believe that the cuts are likely to be extended in Plan expenditure as well to the tune of 0.5 per cent of GDP for government to meet its fiscal targets," Ms Malkani said.
While in the near term, the government will aim to meet FY15 target of 4.1 per cent through austerity measures and planned expenditure cuts, fiscal consolidation over longer-term could only be achieved with structural fiscal reforms. All eyes are now on the next Budget for clarity/direction on implementation of GST, targeted cash transfers and expenditure rationalisation, she said.
Ms Malkani further said that while the 4.1 per cent target for FY15 appears challenging, recent steps on expenditure compression like diesel de-regulation, the 10 per cent cut in spending and a possible reduction in Plan expenditure could help it come close to its target.
She also noted that revenue rose only 4.8 per cent against the budget target of 18.6 per cent, while gross tax collections remained sluggish at 5.9 per cent in April-October period against budgeted growth of 17.7 per cent.
However, on the positive side, she said the government has kept expenditures in check primarily by limiting Plan expenditure at 0.4 per cent vs BE of 20.9 per cent, and non-Plan expenditure has also been reined in at 6.2 per cent vs BE of 9.4 per cent.
Nomura said the fiscal slippage is largely due to lower receipts, as was the case last month.
Lower receipts are due to the weak tax collection (April-October net tax collection grew at just a paltry 5.9 per cent y-o-y compared to a target of 19.8 per cent) and no progress on the disinvestment process, Mr Varma said.
It can be noted that the government has cut its spending and growth has fallen to 4.3 per cent y-o-y in the April-October period from 6.6 per cent in April-September period.
Though the government was planning big ticket sell-offs in Coal India, ONGC and SAIL after Diwali, nothing has moved so far on this front. Last week the divestment department has postponed the sale process to January.
Story first published on: November 28, 2014 16:51 (IST)

2014 Hero Splendor Pro Classic India road test reviewNov 29, 2014, 10.05 AM IST  | Source: Overdrive Magazine
2014 Hero Splendor Pro Classic India road test review
2014 Hero Splendor Pro Classic India road test review
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
2014 Hero Splendor Pro Classic India road test review
2014 Hero Splendor Pro Classic India road test review
Post your opinion here
 
I like this motorcycle, and that's saying quite a lot because I'm usually not very fond of the sort of motorcycle whose biggest claim to fame is how far it can go on a single litre of fuel. And that's surprising because under that endearing skin lies essentially the same chassis and engine that has driven millions into showrooms over the past two decades. So how has Hero managed to convert an otherwise mundane commuter into a machine that elicits a surprising amount of joy when you ride it.    The answer lies in Hero's new approach... Read More
ADS BY GOOGLE

Image gallery: Hero Splendor Pro ClassicNov 29, 2014, 09.25 AM IST  | Source: Overdrive Magazine
Image gallery: Hero Splendor Pro Classic
Image gallery: Hero Splendor Pro Classic
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Image gallery: Hero Splendor Pro Classic
Image gallery: Hero Splendor Pro Classic
Post your opinion here
 
Hero's Splendor Pro Classic is a single seater cafe racer which gets the familiar 100cc engine in its chassis. While the engine may have run millions of Splendors since its inception, the one in the Pro Classic has been tweaked to make nearly 1PS more. We have ridden the motorcycle and it feels faster than the regular Splendor. And the motorcycle is a delight to shoot as well. Don't believe us? Here are some images of the Splendor Pro Classic from our photo shoot Read More
ADS BY GOOGLE

Bajaj Corp surges 6% on board nod for raising FII limitNov 28, 2014, 02.52 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bajaj Corp surges 6% on board nod for raising FII limit
The board of directors of Bajaj Corp approved raising FII limit in the company to 49 percent from 24 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bajaj Corp surges 6% on board nod for raising FII limit
The board of directors of Bajaj Corp approved raising FII limit in the company to 49 percent from 24 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Bajaj Corp climbed as much as 6.3 percent intraday Friday after the board approval for raising FII investment limit in the company.
"The board of directors of the company today has passed necessary resolution for increase in the limit of total holding of all registered foreign portfolio investors (foreign institutional investors and qualified foreign investors) from existing 24 percent to 49 percent," said the company in its filing.
The above FII limit is subject to approval by shareholders by way of special resolution.
The board has also approved convening an extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the company on December 30, 2014 to seek shareholders approval for increase in FII investment limit.
Bajaj Corp is the FMCG company with major brands in hair care category.
At 14:42 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 327.30, up Rs 12.20, or 3.87 percent on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

BJP to consult youths  RWAs for drawing up Delhi poll manifestoNov 28, 2014 at 11:29pm IST
BJP to consult youths, RWAs for drawing up Delhi poll manifesto
8
0
New Delhi: BJP has decided to include the demands of youths and traders and RWAs of unauthorised colonies and slums representatives in its manifesto for fresh Assembly polls in Delhi.
A meeting of senior BJP leaders was held on Friday to prepare a blueprint of its election manifesto.
"We have decided to contact youths, various professionals, traders, hawkers and RWAs of unauthorised colonies and JJ Clusters to find out about their problems so that we can cover these in our election manifesto," said a senior BJP leader.
A meeting of senior BJP leaders was held on Friday to prepare a blueprint of its election manifesto.
#rwa #bjp #delhi poll #delhi assembly elections
According to the party, it will also make use of FM radio stations and approach colleges, universities, malls, coffee shops, etc. to reach out to voters, especially youths.
"BJP is also planning to use live media as part of which LCD screens will be placed in restaurants, malls, coffee shops and other public places," he said.
Meanwhile, senior BJP leaders will raise the issue of Munak Nahar tomorrow before Haryana chief minister Manohar Lal.
"At the meeting, we will also urge the Haryana Chief Minister to pave the way for a smooth ride for NCR autos and taxis by exempting them from paying toll tax," added the BJP leader.
1

Asus ZenWatch coming to India by March 2015; to be priced under Rs 20 000Nov 28, 2014 at 02:32pm IST
Asus ZenWatch coming to India by March 2015; to be priced under Rs 20,000
58
2
New Delhi: Taiwanese technology major Asus that showcased its Android Wear ZenWatch in India for the first time at an event on Friday at New Delhi is planning to launch the watch in the country in the first quarter of 2015.
The Asus ZenWatch will be introduced in India by March-end and will be priced under Rs 20,000, said Peter Chang, country manager, Asus India, in an interview with IBNLive.
The ZenWatch, which is also Asus' first wearable device, sports a curved display, leather watchband and a quick-release clasp design. This device pairs with a smartphone running Android 4.3 or higher.
In India, the Asus ZenWatch will compete with the Moto 360, LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live.
It comes with a few instantly-changeable watch faces.
In India, the ZenWatch will compete with the Moto 360, LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live.
Users can reject or mute a call with the watch. Its remote camera feature lets you control your phone's camera.
The companion Asus ZenUI Wellness app lets users monitor and track a range of wellness statistics including steps taken, calories burned, activity duration, heart rate, exercise intensity and relaxation level.
239

Justice Scalia Explains What Was Wrong With The Ferguson Grand JuryJustice Scalia Explains What Was Wrong With The Ferguson Grand Jury
ThinkProgress
reddit
On Monday, Prosecutor Bob McCulloch announced that a grand jury had decided not to indict Darren Wilson, the officer who killed Michael Brown. But that decision was the result of a process that turned the purpose of a grand jury on its head.

8 reforms that can help Modi govt revive growth8 reforms that can help Modi govt revive growth
Falling crude prices fuel market engineFalling crude prices fuel market engine
Govt committed to realising potential of Northeast: PMGovt committed to realising potential of Northeast: PM
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 29:  
Ahead of his visit to Northeastern states, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, today said that the government is committed to realising the potential of the region and accelerating its progress as India will not develop till it develops.
“I would visit Assam, Manipur, Tripura and Nagaland and attend a wide range of programmes that would connect me to all sections of society, I am eagerly looking forward to being there and interacting with people,” he tweeted.
Rich natural resources combined with talent of youth gives the Northeast the potential to play a key role in the development journey, the Prime Minister noted.
“India will not develop till the Northeast develops. We are committed to realising the potential of the Northeast and accelerating its progress,” Modi said.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Lawsuit filed against Wells Fargo for biased lending in Chicago areaLawsuit filed against Wells Fargo for biased lending in Chicago area
Reuters
Tweet
Nov 28:  
Wells Fargo & Co was sued on Friday by Cook County, Illinois, which accused the largest US mortgage lender of targeting black, Hispanic and female borrowers with predatory and discriminatory lending in the Chicago area.
The lawsuit is the latest accusing major banks of biased mortgage lending that harmed major American cities, such as Los Angeles, Miami and Baltimore, and prolonged the nation’s housing crisis. These lawsuits have had mixed success.
According to a complaint filed in the US District Court in Chicago, which is part of Cook County and the third-most populous US city, Wells Fargo has for more than a decade discriminated against minority and female borrowers in the region, with a goal of maximising profit.
The 152-page complaint said the bank targeted borrowers from the time loans were made through foreclosure through “equity stripping’’, which includes the imposition of inflated or unnecessary rates and fees, as well as penalties to refinance.
Cook County said Wells Fargo’s “deliberate’’ and “egregious’’ activities affected at least 26,000 borrowers, eroded the county’s property tax base, and forced the county to spend more to combat blight from abandoned properties. It said damages may total $300 million or more.
The county is seeking a halt to Wells Fargo’s alleged wrongful practices, as well as compensatory and punitive damages. Its lawsuit also targets practices at the former Wachovia Corp, which Wells Fargo bought at the end of 2008.
Chris Hammond, a Wells Fargo spokesman, declined to comment. The San Francisco-based lender is also the fourth-largest US bank by assets.
Cook County has filed similar lawsuits against Bank of America Corp and Britain’s HSBC Holdings Plc.
Los Angeles, the second most populous US city, brought cases against Wells Fargo, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc.
The case is County of Cook, Illinois vs Wells Fargo & Co, US District Court, Northern District of Illinois, No. 14-09548.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Fresh strikes imminent at LufthansaPilots' union says fresh strikes imminent at Lufthansa
Reuters
Tweet
Frankfurt, Nov 28:  
German pilots union VC had said late on Friday that talks with carrier Deutsche Lufthansa over retirement benefits have broken down and that new strikes are possible any time.
“From now, strike action is to be expected again at any time at Lufthansa, Lufthansa Cargo and Germanwings,’’ the union said in a statement.
The dispute between Germany’s largest airline and the union has resulted in repeated strikes this year, affecting thousands of passengers.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Australia intercepts Sri Lankan asylum seekers  turns backmostBy: Reuters | Perth |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:51 am
Australia has intercepted a boatload of Sri Lankan asylum seekers off the coast of Indonesia, handing back all but one to Sri Lankan authorities, who arrested them for breaching immigration laws. The Sri Lankans are the first to be turned back in five months as Australia’s highest court hears a test case challenging the government’s right to intercept asylum seekers’ boats outside its territorial waters.
Australian border protection staff intercepted the vessel carrying 38 asylum seekers on November 15, and transferred the passengers to a Sri Lankan naval boat where their applications for refugee status were assessed, Immigration Minister Scott Morrison said on Saturday.
One passenger was accepted for further processing and 37 were returned to Sri Lankan authorities, Morrison said in a statement. The individual will go to one of the offshore processing camps the government runs in Papua New Guinea and the tiny South Pacific nation of Nauru for further processing, he added.
The rest are being held in custody and will face court, the Australian Broadcasting Corp. reported, quoting Sri Lanka’s superintendent Ajith Rohana. “Investigations are being conducted by the anti-people smuggling unit of the Criminal Investigation Department,” Rohana told the broadcaster.
The number of asylum seekers reaching Australia pales in comparison with other countries but it is a polarising political issue, on which Prime Minister Tony Abbott campaigned heavily before last year’s election win.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has intervened in the test case, reflecting the level of international concern over Australia’s treatment of asylum seekers on the high seas. Australia received 16,000 applications for asylum last year, just under 0.5 percent of the 3.6 million lodged worldwide, UN figures show.

Government committed to realising potential of Northeast: PM NarendraModiBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:34 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 12:03 pm
Ahead of his visit to Northeastern states, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said the government is committed to realising the potential of the region and accelerating its progress as India will not develop till it develops.
India will not develop till the Northeast develops. We are committed to realising the potential of the Northeast & accelerating its progress
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 29, 2014
“I would visit Assam, Manipur, Tripura and Nagaland and attend a wide range of programmes that would connect me to all sections of society, I am eagerly looking forward to being there and interacting with people,” he tweeted.
Rich natural resources combined with talent of youth gives the Northeast the potential to play a key role in the development journey, the Prime Minister noted.
“India will not develop till the Northeast develops. We are committed to realising the potential of the Northeast and accelerating its progress,” Modi said.

HCL Technologies allots equity sharesHCL Technologies allots equity shares
Excited about Modi s Swachh Bharat: Akihiko Tanaka  President  JICAExcited about Modi s Swachh Bharat: Akihiko Tanaka  President  JICA
Hong Kong protesters clash with police after new clampdownHong Kong protesters clash with police after new clampdown
Reuters
Tweet
Hong Kong, Nov 29:  
Thousands of pro-democracy activists clashed with police in running scuffles in Hong Kong’s gritty Mong Kok district early on Saturday to reclaim part of one of the city’s largest and most volatile protest sites.
After a tense standoff lasting hours, chaos erupted as hundreds of riot police baton-charged demonstrators with shields, pepper spraying and wrestling a string of them to the ground.
The clampdown only stoked more protests, and a three-hour march by hundreds of people calling for “real full democracy’’ helped put the city’s 28,000-strong police force further on edge.
Bands of roving protesters stalked the streets deep into the night amid a wail of sirens, sometimes pelting police with eggs, bottled water and wooden boards. Police, some bleeding, lashed out liberally with their batons to keep crowds back.
Governance crisis
The fresh tensions came as authorities have struggled for months to find a resolution to the most serious governance crisis in the former British colony since it returned to Chinese rule in 1997.
Unrest has simmered for three straight nights since a swift and surprisingly smooth police clearance of Mong Kok’s main protest encampment on Wednesday that resulted in over a hundred arrests’, including student leaders Joshua Wong and Lester Shum.
Amnesty International on Friday warned the police against the use of excessive force after Wong and Shum said they were beaten during their arrests. Several reporters were also roughed up, prompting the Hong Kong Journalists Association to lodge a formal complaint and plan a Saturday protest.
“Is there a need to really use so much force to beat us,’’ said Wong Ching-san, a young protester wearing a black jacket and flip flops. “We're not trying to cause violence but when they attack us we fight back.’’
Medical volunteers manning first aid stations treated scores of injured, including those with head injuries, grazes and others who’d been pepper sprayed in the eyes.
A pro-democracy lawmaker who observed the clashes, Leung Yiu-chung, criticised the lack of restraint by some police.
“Some of them were deliberately inciting people,’’ he said.
It has been two months since police first fired tear gas to disperse demonstrators from the main protest site in the Admiralty district next to government offices in the heart of the Asian financial centre.
The protests, which have lasted well beyond many people’s expectations, drew more than 100,000 on to the streets of Hong Kong at the peak. While numbers have dwindled, they have swelled to several thousand at week-ends and at key moments given a deep-rooted frustration at China and Hong Kong’s refusal to in any way offer to meet their democratic demands.
A police spokesman said on Friday officers were worried about reports of excessive force and would investigate.
Lined with jewellery and electronics shops, and grimy tenement blocks, bustling Mong Kok has been a key battleground for hardcore protesters and mobs intent on disbanding them.
Full democracy
The protesters, mostly students, are demanding full democracy. They have called on the city’s embattled leader, Leung Chun-ying, to step down after Beijing in August ruled out free elections for Hong Kong’s next leader in 2017, despite constitutional promises made by China to allow eventual universal suffrage in the city of 7.3 million.
China rules Hong Kong under a “one country, two systems’’ formula that accords the former British colony a degree of autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed in mainland China, with universal suffrage set as an eventual goal.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

St. Louis area mall closed on Black Friday as protests in Ferguson spreadSt. Louis area mall closed on Black Friday as protests in Ferguson spread
Reuters
Tweet
Ferguson, Mo., Nov 28:  
Demonstrators shut down a shopping mall near Ferguson, Missouri, at the start of the holiday shopping season on Friday as protests over the killing of an unarmed black teen by a white police officer turned on some retailers around the country.
After a quiet Thanksgiving Day, protesters were out in force again to vent their anger at Monday’s decision by a grand jury not to indict Officer Darren Wilson in the August 9 shooting death of 18-year-old Michael Brown in the St. Louis suburb.
Activists around the country said they were encouraging a boycott of Black Friday sales to highlight the purchasing power of black Americans, and to draw links between economic and racial inequality.
“Voicing your opinion is not enough,’’ said Sergio Uzurin, a protester in front of Macy’s flagship store in New York.
“You have to disrupt business as usual for this to happen and that’s the only thing that’s ever made change. It’s the real way democracies function.’’
The killing of Brown, which has renewed a debate over race relations in the United States and the treatment of blacks and other minorities by police, has triggered months of sometimes violent protests in Ferguson and sympathy protests elsewhere.
More than 200 people in New York sought to disrupt shopping on Friday with a protest in front of the Macy’s store in Herald Square and marched into the ground floor as staff and shoppers looked on in apparent surprise.
Demonstrators later marched through the streets of New York, and a police spokesman said officers arrested seven protesters for disorderly conduct.
Similar protests were staged in other cities, including Chicago, Seattle and Oakland, California, on Black Friday, when many retailers offer deep discounts and shoppers traditionally turn out in droves.
At the upmarket Galleria near St. Louis, demonstrators chanted “No Black Friday’’ before singing carols and then briefly lying on the floor, leading officials to close the mall.
National Guard troops were posted outside, and mall security stopped anyone from entering, telling disappointed bargain-hunters the shopping centre was shut for the rest of the day.
Eddie Cox, the 23-year-old assistant manager of a Lids baseball cap store, said he was proud to watch the demonstrators march past his shop.
Cox, who is black, said his store was seeing only about a fifth as many Black Friday sales as last year, due to the boycott call.
“The business side of me kinda hates it, but at the same time, the young, activist, pro-conscious part of me loves every bit of this,’’ Cox said. “It's a really cool time to be young, black and American.’’
Peaceful protest
Ferguson itself was peaceful after more than 100 arrests on Monday and Tuesday, when some demonstrators reacted to the grand jury’s decision by looting or burning businesses, and officers in riot gear fired tear gas and smoke bombs to disperse crowds.
Late on Friday, about 100 protesters marched up and down the road outside the Ferguson police department. As National Guard troops in camouflage and combat helmets looked on, the crowd chanted: “Soldiers, turn your guns around! Shoot this racist system down!’’
Earlier, police had briefly reopened West Florissant Avenue, a main thoroughfare where most of the damaged or destroyed businesses are located. That allowed clean-up efforts to begin and gave residents a glimpse of more burned-out stores.
In neighboring Dellwood, the mayor called for state and federal aid for his city, where 13 businesses were burned on Monday and five were looted.
“I am asking that Dellwood not be forgotten,’’ Mayor Reggie Jones told reporters.
One Walmart store near Ferguson decided to cancel Black Friday sales, and merchandise was moved to other locations in the St. Louis area, employees said.
In Oakland, about 16 people were arrested after chaining themselves to a train during a demonstration at a Bay Area Rapid Transit rail station in protest at the Missouri grand jury's decision, a BART spokeswoman said.
In Seattle, protesters chained shut at least two doors to the downtown Pacific Place mall, police said. They later disrupted a tree-lighting ceremony at the nearby Westlake Center, and the mall closed early.
Seattle police reported five arrests in the day’s protests.
In Los Angeles, where more than 300 people have been arrested in Ferguson-related demonstrations this week, about 120 protesters marched through the streets.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Sri Lanka Navy rescues Indian fishermenBy: Press Trust of India | Colombo |
Posted: November 29, 2014 11:49 am
At least three Indian fishermen have been rescued by the Sri Lankan Navy off the northern coast, a top Naval official said on Saturday.
Naval spokesman Kosala Warnakulasuriya said the boat of the fishermen had broken down mid seas off northern Jaffna peninsula’s Madagal area on Friday night.
They were rescued by the Navy and were taken to Jaffna’s Delft islet.
Early this month, President Mahinda Rajapaksa pardoned five Indian fishermen who were arrested for alleged heroin trafficking.

E-visa facility will encourage biz to trave...Australia India Business Council
(PM Narendra Modi on…)
MELBOURNE: Indian government's decision to offer e-visa facility to international tourists from 43 nations will encourage more businesses to travel to the country and spur growth, Australia India Business Council has said.
"This certainly is a great initiative as it will encourage many more businesses to travel more readily to India which will in the long run contribute to a stronger Australia- India business & trade relationship," AIBC national vice chair Sheba Nandkeolyar said.
Welcoming the new Indian government's decision of offering e-visa facility to international tourists from 43 nations, including Australia, Nandkeolyar said the new move would contribute to "stronger business and trade ties between the two sides."
"We often receive desperate calls from Australian businessmen who request us to help them expedite their business visas to visit India for business purposes," she said.
"E-visas on arrival would make it much easier for businessmen to travel to India," Nandkeolyar said adding that, "AIBC is very pleased with the launch of this new initiative."
She said the new initiative would also open up medical tourism and spur tourists growth for India.
"Truly a very strong message to the world that India is getting rid of complicated ways and embracing more simplified and easier ways in keeping with today's lifestyle," Nandkeolyar said of the decision.
Earlier this week, the government announced the much-awaited electronic-visa system for visitors from 43 countries, including the US, Australia, Brazil, Germany, Japan and Russia.
A tourist from these countries would now be able to apply for an e-visa through the designated website and pay the fee online to get an Electronic Travel Authorisation ( ETA ) within 72 hours.
The facility will be available initially at nine airports -- Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Bengaluru, Kochi, Thiruvanthapuram, Hyderabad and Goa.
The addition of 43 countries is the first phase of the roll out and more countries will soon be added.
E-visa will be valid for 30 days and a tourist can avail the facility twice a year.
Prime Minsiter Narendra Modi on his recent visit to Australia also signed an agreement on promoting tourism with his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott .
Modi had further sought Australian investment in the tourism sector, especially cruise tourism.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BMW launches M3 and M4 Coupe in IndiaBMW launches M3 and M4 Coupe in India
Russia interested in manufacturing aircraft in India: SitharamanRussia interested in manufacturing aircraft in India: Sitharaman
Australia India business council welcomes E-visa facilityAustralia India business council welcomes E-visa facility
PTI
Tweet
Melbourne, Nov 29:  
The Indian Government’s decision to offer e-visa facility to international tourists from 43 nations will encourage more businesses to travel to the country and spur growth, Australia India Business Council has said.
“This certainly is a great initiative as it will encourage many more businesses to travel more readily to India which will in the long run contribute to a stronger Australia-India business & trade relationship,” AIBC National Vice-Chair Sheba Nandkeolyar said.
Welcoming the new Indian Government’s decision to offer e-visa facility to international tourists from 43 nations, including Australia, Nandkeolyar said the new move would contribute to “stronger business and trade ties between the two sides’’.
“We often receive desperate calls from Australian businessmen who request us to help them expedite their business visas to visit India for business purposes,” she said.
“E-visas on arrival would make it much easier for businessmen to travel to India,” Nandkeolyar said, adding that, “AIBC is very pleased with the launch of this new initiative.”
She said the new initiative would also open up medical tourism and spur tourists’ growth for India.
“Truly a very strong message to the world that India is getting rid of complicated ways and embracing more simplified and easier ways in keeping with today’s lifestyle,” Nandkeolyar said.
Earlier this week, the government announced the much-awaited electronic-visa system for visitors from 43 countries, including the US, Australia, Brazil, Germany, Japan and Russia.
A tourist from these countries would now be able to apply for an e-visa through the designated Web site and pay the fee online to get an Electronic Travel Authorisation (ETA) within 72 hours.
The facility will be available initially at nine airports — Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Bengaluru, Kochi, Thiruvanthapuram, Hyderabad and Goa.
The addition of 43 countries is the first phase of the roll-out and more countries will soon be added.
E-visa will be valid for 30 days and a tourist can avail the facility twice a year.
Prime Minsiter Narendra Modi on his recent visit to Australia also signed an agreement for promoting tourism with his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott.
Modi had further sought Australian investment in the tourism sector, especially cruise tourism.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

US crude tumbles 10%  Brent breaks below $70US crude tumbles 10%, Brent breaks below $70
Reuters
Tweet
New York, Nov 29:  
US crude tumbled 10 per cent in its biggest one-day drop in more than five years on Friday, and benchmark Brent broke below $70 a barrel, as OPEC’s decision not to cut output sent oil traders and analysts scurrying to find a new trading floor.
“I see little reason to buy oil now. I think people are either going to drive it down further or just let the market collapse,’’ said Tariq Zahir, managing member at Tyche Capital Advisors in Hollow Way, New York.
US West Texas Intermediate (WTI) light crude settled down $7.54 at $66.15 a barrel, and fell further post-settlement, reaching a four-year low of $65.69. The last time the market lost 10 per cent in a day was in March 2009.
North Sea Brent finished down $2.43, or 3.3 per cent, at $70.15. It fell to as low as $69.78 on the day, a bottom since May 2010. Brent also finished down 18 per cent for November for a fifth straight month of declines, or the longest losing streak since the 2008-2009 financial crisis.
Shale oil output
Since June, Brent has given up about 40 per cent of its value, falling from above $115, as increasing US shale oil output helped create a glut amid sluggish global growth.
Friday’s selloff culminated a stunning 24 hours on global crude markets, in near free fall after Saudi Arabia blocked the calls from poorer members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to reduce production.
Thanksgiving holiday
With US markets officially closed for Thursday’s Thanksgiving holiday, WTI went down about 8 per cent in electronic trading overnight. Losses resumed when the New York Mercantile Exchange reopened, with US crude capitulating just before Friday’s close.
The risk flight in oil extended to the stock market, with energy shares on Wall Street taking a hammering despite the broader market closing up for a sixth straight week.
Shares of shale energy firms saw outsized declines, as $70 oil was considered a level at which shale drilling became unprofitable. Denbury Resources, QEP Resources and Newfield Exploration all lost more than 15 per cent.
“The message from OPEC was fairly clear - we are not hurting yet because we are the lowest cost producers,’’ said Iain Armstrong, oil and gas analyst at wealth management firm Brewin Dolphin in London.
“It is a question of who blinks first — OPEC or the US shale producers. The longer the oil price stays at these levels the greater chance a US shale producer will go under. But it will take time.’’
Saudi Arabia’s oil minister told fellow OPEC members on Thursday they must combat the US shale oil boom, arguing against cutting crude output in order to depress prices and undermine the profitability of North American producers.
Traders said if US crude took out the May 2010 low of $64.24, it could technically be headed for a test below $60, towards the low of $58.32 set on July 2009.
“WTI could certainly be down a couple of dollars more next week, and test newer lows from there,’’ said John Kilduff, partner at energy hedge fund Again Capital in New York.
Shale companies aside, shares of oil major Exxon Mobil Corp fell more than 4 per cent to below $91, while Chevron Corp lost about 5 per cent to under $109.
Activity in the options on the Energy Select Sector SPDR Exchange-Traded Fund XLE.P exploded as traders who had bet on a drop in the ETF scrambled to book hefty profits after the OPEC decision.
Russia’s most powerful oil official Igor Sechin said oil prices could hit $60 or below by the end of the first half of next year. Options market data show speculators betting on $65 Brent by early next year.
Goldman Sachs said $60 Brent oil was possible but not sustainable and that WTI in a $70-$75 range could prompt U.S. producers to reduce capital expenditure, or drilling. For next year, BNP Paribas cuts its Brent forecast by $20 to $77, and WTI by $18 to $70.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Kalyan youth Arif Majeed with alleged ISIS links arrestedAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
Arif Majeed (23) from neighbouring Kalyan, who until now was believed to have been killed while fighting for militant group ISIS in Syria, was tonight arrested hours after he landed in Mumbai.
Majeed, who was grilled central security agencies alongwith NIA before he was taken into custody, will be produced tomorrow before a designated NIA court, official sources said.
A case has been slapped against ISIS and its operatives under Sec.125 of the IPC which deals with waging war against any Asiatic country which has friendly ties with India, entailing maximum punishment of life imprisonment.
A notification was issued by the Union Home Ministry late tonight directing NIA to register the case.
Arif appeared “highly radicalised” is likely to face action, police said.
In May this year, four youths from Kalyan-Shaheen Tanki, Fahad Shaikh and Aman Tandel, besides Arif–had left India to visit holy places in the West Asia, but they disappeared thereafter and since then were suspected to have joined the Sunni extremist group.
Arif returned early this morning and was quizzed by the NIA and Maharashtra Anti Terrorism Squad (ATS), a police officer said.
Soon after his return, Arif was made to undergo a medical examination, according to a source.
His family friend Iftekhar Khan told PTI, “Arif’s father Ejaz received a phone call from security agencies this morning saying his son is in Mumbai.”
According to police, the four engineering students flew to Baghdad on May 23 as part of a group of 22 pilgrims to visit religious shrines in Iraq.
The next day, Arif had called his family from Baghdad and apologised for having left without informing them. Upon returning to India, other pilgrims had told police that Arif, Fahad, Aman and Shaheen had hired a taxi to Fallujah, a city west of Baghdad which had emerged as the epicentre of Iraq’s deadly insurgency.
“On August 26, Shaheen Tanki called up Arif’s family and told them that their son had become a ‘martyr’ claiming that the latter died fighting for ISIS in Syria,” a family friend Ateek Khan had told reporters.
Accordingly the next day, Arif’s family performed ‘Janaza-e-gayabana’ (prayers for the departed soul in absence of the body) in Kalyan.
Recently, Arif’s father Ejaz Majeed had reportedly met the NIA and told them his son had fled from the IS-controlled areas to Turkey after fighting for the militant group for nearly three months and wants to return to India.
TAGS: ISIS
More from miscellaneous

Michael Clarke breaks down  says our dressing room will never be the sameRest in peace bruzzy (PhillipHughes)By: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: November 29, 2014 11:02 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 11:52 am
Captain Michael Clarke gave a graphic illustration of the raw emotions of the Australia team when he broke down repeatedly while paying tribute to former team mate Phillip Hughes on Saturday.
Making no mention of next week’s Test match against India, Clarke battled to hold back tears as he read out a statement on behalf of the players at the Sydney Cricket Ground, where Hughes suffered his fatal injury on Tuesday.
Hughes, 25, died on Thursday as the result of a catastrophic injury he sustained when struck on the head by a ball during a domestic match, triggering a wave of mourning in Australia and around the world.
“Words cannot express the loss we feel as a team right now,” Clarke said. “We are going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. He epitomised what the baggy green was about and what it means to us all.The world lost one of its great blokes this week and we are all poorer for it.”
Clarke, widely praised for the role he has played in comforting his friend and former team mate’s family, said the players had requested that Cricket Australia retire Hughes’s one-day international number, 64.
“They agreed. That means so much,” he added. “His legacy of trying to improve each and every day will drive us for the rest of our lives.
“Our dressing room will never be the same. We loved him and always will. Rest in peace bruzzy.”
Tributes continued to flood in from around the world for Hughes and indication of how deeply Hughes’s death has affected his fellow professionals came in the United Arab Emirates, where Pakistan are hosting New Zealand in a Test series.
The second Test had been postponed for a day after Hughes died and there was no celebration of wickets or centuries when it resumed on Friday.
“The game was irrelevant at that stage, that was just a natural reaction by a group of people whose mind was elsewhere,” New Zealand coach Mike Hesson told reporters in Sharjah.
“We didn’t bowl any bouncers and that was to show respect.”
HONOURING HUGHES
Back in Australia, Hughes was not forgotten as Saturday morning cricket was played across the country in blazing sunshine as it has been for more than a century.
Cricket Australia has encouraged teams at all levels to remember Hughes and both the score he had accumulated when the fatal blow struck him, 63 not out, and his Test number, 408, were in evidence on pitches around the country.
At a match between Sydney Boys and Shore schools in Centennial Park, just a stone’s throw from the SCG, a row of bats topped with cricket caps were lined up beside the pitch in tribute.
Cricket at the elite level has yet to resume with senior club matches cancelled in Sydney and continued…

Pakistans state actors play a role in attempts to destabilise India: RajnathSinghWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:32 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:10 am
Growing Islamic terror designs in the subcontinent is a major challenge for India, especially in the backdrop of some youth getting swayed by it, and there was no scope for taking this lightly, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Saturday.
Mentioning the attack in Arnia sector HM says that Pakistan claims non state actors are behind such incidents which is not true.
— HMO India (@HMOIndia) November 29, 2014
“Though ISIS is born in Syria and Iraq, it is a fact that the Indian subcontinent is not outside its radar, especially as some Indian youth are also getting attracted towards it. Moreover, al-Qaeda had recently announced formation of a new outfit for the Indian subcontinent, while it is for certain that Pakistani state actors are also involved in trying to destablise India,” Singh said. He was inaugurating the 49th All India Conference of DGPs and IGPs here on Saturday.
Singh however expressed confidence that these Islamic terror groups will never be able to succeed in India and said that majority of the Indian Muslims will not side with them. “I am sure these terror groups will never succeed in India. They may try to convert India into an Islamic country on the assumption that large numbers of Muslims will support them. But the fact remains that Indian Muslims had fought and sacrificed equally with others for India’s idependence,” Singh said.
He particularly referred to al-Qaeda’s announcement in September of new outfit for the Indian subcontinent called Qaeda-ul-Jihadi, with intentions of specifically targeting Gujarat, Assam, Bihar, Jammu & Kashmir and Bangladesh, and identified this too as a major challenge.
“Moreover, the South Asia wing of al-Qaeda has claimed it had tried to hijack a Pakistani naval frigate with the intention of attacking Indian and US naval vessels. Some people of the Pakistani Navy were also involved in this. But I am confident our police and security forces will be able to strike back at any such attempts,” the home minister said.
On Left-Wing extremism, the home minister however said that the influence of Maoist tterror groups had reduced last year. “Left-Wing extremism has to be put to an end at all cost. We are ready to talk, but cannot allow any violence to occur,” he said. Singh also suggested better coordination among para-military forces and state police forces in tackling Left-Wing extremism, and called for giving the leadership role to officers of the state police.
On the Jammu and Kashmir situation, Singh said recruitment of local youth by terrorist groups had gone down. “But whenever there is an incident, Pakistan puts the blame on non-state actors. I would like to ask Pakistan, why can’t its ISI ascertain who these non-state actors are? What we know is that Pakistani state actors too are involved in trying continued…

Bangalore grads create automated spoon that picks up food & feeds it to the patientThe disorder damages the motor control centres of the brain, restricts body movement and renders little kids incapable of performing mundane tasks.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BENGALURU: Children afflicted with cerebral palsy often skip school, not because they don't want to study but because lunch time becomes an embarrassing affair for them. The neurological disorder damages the motor control centres of the brain, restricts body movement and renders little kids incapable of performing mundane tasks like eating food and wearing clothes.
Rashida Taskin, 19, saw the plight of her two elder brothers every day as they suffered from this condition and was inspired to come up with Spoonful, a solution that helps cerebral palsy patients eat with dignity. With her team of four graduates, she developed an automated spoon that picks up a morsel of food from the table and feeds it to the patient.
At a recent conference, Taskin asked people to pry out a mobile phone from their pockets while their hands were locked behind their backs. "Now try and imagine this feeling for the rest of your lives," said the bio-medical engineer, who is currently pursuing her third year of engineering at Manipal Institute of Technology.
Her team developed a first prototype in three-and-a-half weeks for Rs 1,000. The final version is expected to cost less than Rs 3,000 - which is just a fraction of the price charged by global players Meal Buddy and Winsford Feeder .
Spoonful had mentors from MIT, courtesy the program that they were a part of. They were serial entrepreneur Kiran Ratnapu, recent MIT graduates Parag Vijay and Ranna Zhou, and Anirudh Sharma, who started LeChal, that makes haptic shoes for the blind.
The team got access to these mentors through MIT Media's Global Startup Labs programme which promotes development in emerging regions by cultivating young technology entrepreneurs.
"I think they're a strong team with a diverse background led by a passionate advocate," said Zhou, a recent graduate of MIT, who is currently working as an associate product manager at Google.
The project was selected in the final top 10 start-ups at IIM Bangalore's event called Disrupt It in August.
Taskin's solution comes at a time when Google has also forayed into assisted technology with a smart spoon - a device which helps those afflicted with Parkinson's disease eat with minimum hassles. In September, Google entered the biotech arena with the acquisition of Lift Labs for an undisclosed sum.
The product Liftware Spoon uses algorithms to sense how a hand is shaking and makes adjustments to keep the spoon steady. The spoon is said to have reduced shaking of the spoon bowl by 76% on average. Lift Labs was founded by an Indian American entrepreneur Anupam Pathak.
So how does Spoonful compare with Google's smart spoon? For starters, Google's smart spoon is much more advanced as it has electronics embedded within it. Taskin's solution is external to the spoon and the team has experimented with spoons that are 3D printed, plastic and steel ones as well.
"I love their (Google's) idea. But unlike Google, we want to make this generic solution, not aimed at a specific condition," said Taskin. She hopes the solution will be available across hospitals, and may even be used in luxury hotels for those too lazy to lift their finger.
Existing solutions come with a board attached, but Taskin wants to make it portable and compact. While the initial prototype weighed a bulky 600 grams, the final prototype is expected to be small enough to fit into a tiffin box.
Zhou of Google added, "With a lot of great industry collaboration, extensive field testing, and quick iterations, I think that Spoonful will be able to spearhead a renewed interest and increasing innovation in affordable assistive technology."
The team is yet to figure out a way to handle the diverse kinds of food Indians eat - from a roti to rice to noodles. "We are currently looking for angel funding to build the next prototype," said Taskin.

Meet the winners of ET Awards live  at 7pmUday Shankar
CEO, Star India
Meet the team of 11 who picked India Inc’s best and brightest. The ET Awards jury included some of India’s top industrialists, bankers and lawyers. Know more
NEWS
Raising a Toast to India Inc
The short-term forces are well known. Since 2011, large chunks of the economy have been gripped by policy paralysis. Companies in the natural resources sector have of course been high-profile victims, but manufacturing too has suffered as the economy has slowed. The Modi government has been seeking to break this logjam since taking charge in May with a series of reform measures. The impact this has will be reflected in time.
Exclusive Interview with Yusuf Hamied – Chairman, Cipla
Yusuf Khwaja Hamied, 78, came to the world's attention in 2001 when he said his company Cipla would make AIDS medicines for $1 a day, at a time when the disease was ravaging the poor in Africa and elsewhere and such drugs were prohibitively expensive for most. More importantly, he delivered on this pledge.
Achhe Din for Both Old and New Economy at ET Awards
The winners of the ET Awards for Corporate Excellence for 2014 are a diverse bunch, ranging from a businessman who has built India's largest pharmaceutical company by revenue and market capitalisation to rapidly growing new economy firms that are emblematic of the country's claims to technological prowess.
Nadella Heads for India, to Chair ET Awards Jury
Satya Nadella, the CEO of Microsoft Corporation, will head an 11-member jury to choose the winners of the 2014 edition of the ET Awards. Nadella, who be came only the third leader of the software company in February , will head a panel whose members include some of India's top industrialists, bankers and lawyers.
#ETAwards

At 50 000  22 per cent of CAs in India are w...At 50,000, 22 per cent of Chartered Accountants in India are women
By Sindhu Hariharan, TNN | 29 Nov, 2014, 11.49AM IST
Experts say with education increasingly becoming the key tool for empowerment, the appeal of professional courses is rising and that is seen in the finance profession as well.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CHENNAI: The number of women seeking to get into the number-crunching profession of chartered accountancy (CA) has taken a big leap in the past couple of years. Female enrolments to the Common Proficiency entrance test (CPT) for the CA course, conducted by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), have increased 51 per cent over the past two years (between 2012 and 2014). From 27, 784 in 2012, the number of women taking the test went up to 33,460 in 2013 and further rose to 41,957 in 2014.
"There is a positive trend in the intake of all professional courses in general and more so in CA, because of high levels of employability it offers and its flexibility. Whenever the intake goes up, it is the women who contribute more to it," said K Raghu , president of ICAI. Girls from humble backgrounds are transforming the lives of their families through this route and in the absence of capitation fee parents are also supportive of their daughters picking CA, Raghu added.
No wonder that the number of qualified women chartered accountants is steadily rising.
As per ICAI's data, women CAs made up 20 per cent of the total membership in 2012, a figure which rose to 21 per cent in 2013 and now (in November 2014), women make up for 22 per cent of CAs. Currently, there are almost 50,000 women CAs.
Experts say with education increasingly becoming the key tool for empowerment, the appeal of professional courses is rising and that is seen in the finance profession as well.
Narayanan Ramaswamy, partner and head of education sector at KPMG , feels that the nature of the course suits the systematic and studious temperament of girl students. Ramaswamy said that the flexible professional life that the course offers is a huge draw. A CA with a license to practice the profession can work from home and at the same time serve clients worldwide with the technology support available today. "The fact that one can get back to the profession even after a break, by staying updated, is increasing the interest for the course with women," says Ramaswamy.
Sripriya K, a practising CA who is one of the six women partners in a Chennai-based CA firm, is a case in point. She quit her well-paying consulting job at a top multi-national for her family and after this break, started her own CA firm along with some like-minded women. She believes that being good at multi-tasking, women take to CA naturally and excel in it.
To address dilemmas that are specific to women CAs, the ICAI has now launched a work portal for women to find part time jobs, jobs with flexi hours or jobs with work from home option. "This is a win-win for both job seekers and employers," officials at the institute said. As per ICAI, around 2,000 women CAs have registered in the portal and around 200 CA firms have posted employment opportunities.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Q2 GDP growth at 5.3% versus 5.2% YoY; slower than Q1 growth of 5.7%Q2 GDP growth at 5.3% versus 5.2% YoY; slower than Q1 growth of 5.7%
ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 12.05AM IST
Tags:
FICCI
(GDP rose 5.3% in the second…)
NEW DELHI: India's gross domestic product grew better than expected in the July-September quarter but slower than the nine-quarter high recorded in the preceding three-month period, ratcheting up pressure on the Reserve Bank of India to cut rates next week and suggesting that more needs to be done to pull the economy out of its slump.
GDP rose 5.3% in the second quarter of FY15, better than the 5.1% expectation, but below 5.7% recorded in the April-June period, according to data released by the statistics office on Friday. July-September growth in the year earlier was 5.2%. Growth hit decadal lows in the past two years, coming in below 5%.
RBI's monetary policy announcement will be on December 2. There is still no sign of a pick-up in investment. Growth came from government spending, which may not be strong for the rest of the year, and the unexpectedly higher agriculture expansion of 3.2% despite patchy monsoons may not be sustained.
Manufacturing, a key focus area of the new regime with its Make in India drive, grew only 0.1% in the July-September quarter.
With exports again contracting in October because of the sluggish global economy, industrial activity is likely to remain subdued.
Industry as a whole, which includes mining, manufacturing and electricity, grew by 1.1% in the quarter ended September, lower than 1.8% in the second quarter of the previous fiscal.
Construction grew only 4.6% in Q2, providing another piece of evidence that the anticipated investment-led bounce in the economy has not yet made an appearance. "The domestic economy performed better than what was expected in Q2 FY15. However, it must be noted that this was largely on account of higher government spending," Care Ratings said in a note, warning that this could be reversed because of constrained finances.
Community, social and personal services — largely government spending — rose 9.6% in the quarter, a pace that won't be maintained because of fiscal deficit pressure.Data released on Friday showed that the government hit 89.6% of the full-year fiscal deficit target at the end of October, with another five months to go.
"Given the low rise in the tax collections of government, expenditure curtailment to ensure that fiscal targets are met could dampen GDP growth in the remainder of this fiscal," said Aditi Nayar, senior economist, ICRA.
  The finance ministry said growth was along expected lines.
"It may be mentioned that the Economic Survey 2013-14 had predicted the growth of GDP to be in the range of 5.4% to 5.9%. In the first half of the year, the growth has been 5.5%, which is broadly in line with the projections as well as the expectations," the ministry said in a statement. Economist Rajiv Kumar urged RBI to start cutting rates immediately, saying real interest rates faced by investors are well into the positive territory. Industry also pitched in with demands for a rate cut.
"RBI should review its status quoist approach and move towards paring interest rates in its forthcoming monetary policy to give a fillip to recovery both through higher consumption spending and opening up channels for investment," CII said in a statement.
"RBI has to balance the objective," said DK Joshi, chief economist, Crisil. "Conditions (are) getting right for a rate cut, but some amount of caution will not hurt. Growth will pick up going ahead.
Inflation has eased but it is better to wait some more till it stays low for some more time. Oil prices have really helped, which is a 'good luck' factor, but core inflation is higher than overall inflation." The government has indicated that it supports rate cuts, although Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has also pointed out that this was RBI's prerogative.
Former finance minister P Chidambaram said it is not surprising second-quarter growth has come in at 5.3%. "When the government rushed to take credit for the first quarter's growth rate of 5.7%, I had cautioned them. All the signs of a sluggish economy were there — low credit growth, a limping manufacturing sector, no new major investments, stalled projects, infrastructure bottlenecks, etc. Government should have focused on these matters," he said in a statement.
Most experts were, however, optimistic about things turning around in the second half of the fiscal. "Going forward, while trends in bank credit, tax collections and non-oil non-gold imports remain weak, the reform momentum post the assembly polls, improving liquidity conditions and project clearances prompt us to retain our full-year growth estimate of 5.6% in FY15 v/s 4.7% last year," Rohini Malkani of Citi said in a note.

Jewellers resort to road blockadeUpdated: November 29, 2014 11:58 IST
Jewellers resort to road blockade
S. Prasad
Tweet
The Hindu
Jewellery traders block Jawaharlal Nehru Street in protest against the arrest of a jeweller by Chennai police in Puducherry on Friday. Photo: S.S. Kumar
Protest detention of a jeweller by Chennai police for interrogation
Jewellery shops in the city remained closed for few hours on Friday as traders resorted to a road blockade on the Jawaharlal Nehru Street after a police team reportedly from Tambaram in Chennai picked up a jeweller for interrogation.
Police sources said Bala alias Balakrishnan (55) who runs a jewellery shop at Nellumandi Street in the city was picked up by a team of Tambaram police officers at around 9.00 p.m. on Thursday and taken to Chennai for interrogation in connection with a case.
However, the team had not alerted the local police about the incident.
On learning about the incident jewellers and traders resorted to a flash strike and blocked the Jawaharlal Nehru Street for over an hour in the morning seeking security and adequate protection to traders in the wake of repeated occurrences of ‘arrest’ of jewellers and pawnbrokers in Puducherry.
Puducherry Traders Federation president M. Sivasankaran, who led the protest, said that the jeweller Balakrishnan was taken into custody by the Tambaram police allegedly without the knowledge of the local police.
He said that this was not the first instance as only a fortnight ago a jeweller lost 640 gm of jewellery worth Rs. 18 lakh to a gang of persons posing as policemen. He said that traders suffered mental torture and lack of security to run their business due to such incidents.
On information police personnel from the Grand Bazaar police station rushed to the spot and pacified the traders following which they withdrew their protest.
A senior police official said that the jeweller Balakrishnan returned to Puducherry after the interrogation in Chennai.

Plans afoot for cleaner UTUpdated: November 29, 2014 11:58 IST
Plans afoot for cleaner UT
R. Sivaraman
Tweet
The Hindu
The Union government is expected to release the final guidelines in a week stipulating components and the funding pattern. File Photo
Revised plan includes providing 71,420 toilets, spittoons in public places, banning plastic cups and modernising the sewerage system
On the back of its draft plan for a clean Puducherry, the administration has come out with several improvement proposals on various fronts.
The key features of the revised plan include providing 71,420 toilets, spittoons in public places, banning plastic cups and modernising the sewerage system in urban areas at a cost of Rs.1,484 crore .
Local Administration Director P.T. Rudra Goud told The Hindu, “The plan is only conceptual. The Centre has published draft guidelines that are in being updated. The Union government is expected to release the final guidelines in a week stipulating components and the funding pattern. After receiving suggestions from the public and other stakeholders, we will release the final action plan in about three weeks.”
Aimed at achieving cent per cent coverage in toilets for households, schools and public places, the Puducherry Slum Clearance Board has plans to build 34,881 toilets in rural areas and 36,539 in urban areas at an estimated cost of Rs. 107.96 crore.
According to the plan, closed type dustbins will be provided in the Puducherry bus stand and Hotel Karthik. The existing two toilet blocks are insufficient for the bus stand users. Therefore, two more toilet blocks will be constructed and the deserted urinals will be renovated.
“Dustbins (closed type) will be provided in sufficient numbers at the alternative pillars and tea stalls in the bus stand. Spittoons are to be kept under all the pillars. Plastic cups to be banned at the tea stalls located in the bus stand,” the revised draft plan said.
Closed type dust bins will be kept at the PONLAIT retail booth located at the new bus stand. Dustbins will be provided in sufficient numbers at the railway station, wherever necessary, and at the tea stalls located on the premises. Toilet blocks have been planned in all the four corners and spittoons will be set up on every platform.
As part of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, the Public Works Department has mooted a new action plan for the sewerage system in urban areas. It has proposed a sewerage project for Ariyankuppam, Villianur and Kalapet at a cost of Rs.1,484 crore. This will cover a total area of 2,780 hectare and be implemented under the financial assistance of the French Development Agency.
Likewise, a preliminary project report for providing sewerage scheme to Karaikal town has been submitted to the French Development Agencycovering 267 hectares at a cost of Rs.125 crore. The new schemes are expected to be completed in 2019.
As per action plan of the Puducherry government, all heads of offices will send circular to their staff on the Swachh Bharat mission. A monthly report, in turn, should be submitted by them by the first of every month.
The Department of Tourism has planned to provide public amenities such as toilets and washrooms at tourist spots.

IS  al Qaeda major threats to India  says Rajnath SinghRajnath accuses Pakistan of destabilising India
Digambar Patowary , Hindustan Times  Guwahati, November 29, 2014
First Published: 10:52 IST(29/11/2014) | Last Updated: 19:26 IST(29/11/2014)
Comments
Union home minister Rajnath Singh accused Saturday Pakistani "state actors" of trying to destabilise India, coming down hard on the nuclear-armed neighbour close on the heels of a fierce encounter in Jammu and Kashmir that killed at least 10 people.
Addressing the 49th All India DGPs and IGPs conference in Guwahati, Singh also underlined the security threats India was faced with and talked about the challenges posed by militants groups Islamic State and al Qaeda.
Pointing to the attack earlier this week on an army patrol in Kashmir, Singh said Pakistan's claim that "non-state actors are behind such incidents is not true".
Questioning the role of spy agency Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), he asked, "Pakistan claims non-state actors are behind such incidents (of terrorism)... I ask is ISI also non-state actor?"
"It is unfortunate Pakistan does not mend its ways."
The home minister had raked up the issue in his address at the recently held Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, saying terrorism in India was "completely Pakistan-sponsored".  
Singh's remarks in Guwahati came against the backdrop of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc) summit held earlier this week in Nepal that was overshadowed by India and Pakistan's rivalry and ended with little progress towards regional integration.
Singh, in his speech, also voiced concerns about Indian youngsters joining the Islamic State (also known as IS, or ISIS, or ISIL).
A day after Areeb Majeed, a youth from Kalyan who had joined the West Asian group, returned to Mumbai, Singh said, "There are some misguided youth who are getting attracted to... organisations like the ISIS."
"We are concerned about the fact that Indian youngsters are getting drawn to Islamic State."
"Even though ISIS was born in Iraq and Syria, the Indian subcontinent cannot stay untouched by it -- we need to be aware of that reality," Singh said.
The home minister added al Qaeda was a serious threat to India, and the central government had not taken it lightly.
"There may be many terrorist organisations in the world but the government will not allow them to get a foothold in India," he said.
The home minister stressed al Qaeda would not succeed in India, referring to a threat issued by the terror outfit's chief, Ayman al-Zawahiri, to spread its base in the country.
"We can't take al Qaeda's threat of turning India into an Islamic state lightly. It is a challenge to us... Our security agencies are capable enough to deal any security challenge," Singh said.
On the October 2 Burdwan blasts, Singh said the West Bengal police and National Investigation Agency were playing crucial roles in the probe.
The blast took place at a house in Burdwan district's Khagragarh area, killing two alleged Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh militants and injuring another.
Singh congratulated the Bengal police Saturday for busting a terror operation in the state.
"A terrorist network has been busted in West Bengal; I congratulate the West Bengal police and NIA who are playing an important role in exposing the network. On the basis of the capability of the security forces, I can say that we are ready to face any kind of challenge," he said.
Stressing the need for modernisation of country's police forces, the Union home minister also asked all the state governments to fill up vacancies in their respective police forces.
Directors general of police (DGPs), inspectors general of police (IGPs) from all states and Union territories, heads of all paramilitary forces, officials from the Intelligence Bureau and all chief ministers of the northeastern states are taking part in the two-day conference in Guwahati.
Singh admitted there was lack of development in the northeast. "Let me assure you, we are committed towards a comprehensive development of this region."
Singh urged all the northeastern states to fill up vacancies in the police forces and assured them of all possible help.
Rajnath Singh slams Pak over terrorism, says its state actors behind attacks in India?
(With IANS and AFP inputs)

Dressing room will never be same without Hughes: Michael Clarkeprint
Australia cricket captain Michael Clarke wiped away tears as he spoke on Saturday of the effect Phillip Hughes' death has had on the team, as speculation continued as to whether next week's first Test against India will be called off.
Clarke had to stop to compose himself several times as he spoke at the Sydney Cricket Ground of how Hughes' legacy of "trying to improve each and every day will drive us for the rest of our lives."
Hughes died on Thursday, two days after being hit in the head by a bouncer during a domestic match at the SCG.
Former Australia captain Ricky Ponting says the India match scheduled to begin on Thursday should not go ahead, but Hughes' family is reported to want it to be played.
Clarke read a statement that lasted about three minutes on behalf of the national team and support staff.
"To Greg, Virginia, Jason and Megan (Hughes' family), we share in the deep pain that you're feeling," Clarke said.
"Our promise to Hughesy's family is that we will do everything we can to honor his memory. Last night, I asked Cricket Australia if Hughesy's Australian one-day international shirt, number 64, could be retired - to which they agreed."
Since Tuesday's incident, Clarke had rarely left the Sydney hospital that the 25-year-old Hughes, his close friend, was taken to for surgery.
"Things were always put in perspective when Hughesy said 'where else would you rather be boys, but playing cricket for your country?'. We're going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. The world lost one of its great blokes this week and we are all poorer for it."
Ponting, who is still very close to the team, said on Saturday that the first Test against India should be called off or postponed.
"It's been such a tragic week for the Hughes family and the cricket community and I can't imagine how anybody can be expected to play Test cricket on Thursday," Ponting wrote in a News Corp. Australia column.
"I don't think it would be right. Even if the boys think they can play, it would be a miracle if they find the right frame of mind needed for five days of cricket."
Hughes' family is reported to want it to go ahead, but possibly not playing the first session on Thursday morning and instead placing a cricket bat on the Gabba pitch in his memory.
"I've heard the Hughes family are keen for that (Test) to go ahead, obviously that's going to be a question for the players," said Keith Bradshaw of the South Australian Cricket Association, the team Hughes played for.
Clarke's statement came as cricketers around Australia started taking the field on for tributes on Saturday. In Sydney and Adelaide, the two cities were Hughes played, grade cricket - the level below interstate cricket - was cancelled. But club and school games mostly went ahead as planned, with many players wearing black armbands.
Two numbers were often etched into pitches or on uniforms - 63, the run total Hughes had accrued before he was hit by the ball, and 408 - he was the 408th Test player to compete for Australia.
There were also tributes from around the world from current and former players. New Zealand, playing a test against Pakistan, etched the letters PH on their caps and refused to celebrate when wickets were claimed.
The "putoutyourbats" hashtag has been trending on Twitter as thousands around the world place a cricket bat outside their home in honour of Hughes.

Nigeria blasts: Boko Haram s reply to cleric s war cry against militantsprint
Two bombs exploded at the mosque of one of Nigeria's top Islamic leaders Friday, a week after he issued a call to arms to fight Boko Haram.
At least 120 people were killed and 270 others wounded when two suicide bombers blew themselves up and gunmen opened fire in the latest chapter of violence in the African country where bombings, kidnappings and assassinations have become a routine.
The blasts happened at the Grand Mosque in Kano, the biggest city in the Muslim north of the country, just as Friday prayers had got under way at about 2:00 pm (1300 GMT). The mosque is attached to the palace of the Emir of Kano, Nigeria's second most senior Muslim cleric.
Police officers stand near wreckage at a scene of multiple bombings at Kano Central Mosque. (Reuters Photo)
The explosions came after civilian vigilantes in the northeastern city of Maiduguri said they foiled a bomb attack against a mosque, five days after two female suicide bombers killed over 45 people in the city.
"Two bombs exploded, one after the other, in the premises of the Grand Mosque seconds after the prayers had started," worshipper Aminu Abdullahi told AFP.
"A third one went off in a nearby road close to the Qadiriyya Sufi order. The blasts were followed by gunshots by the police to scare off potential attacks."
His account was backed up by another witness, Hajara Tukur, who said she lives nearby.
The emir, known officially as Muhammad Sanusi II, last week said at the same mosque that northerners should take up arms against Boko Haram, which has been fighting for a hardline Islamic state since 2009.
He also cast doubt on Nigerian troops' ability to protect civilians and end the insurgency, in rare public comments by a cleric on political and military affairs.
 
Influential figure
 
The Emir of Kano is a hugely influential figure in Nigeria, which is home to more than 80 million Muslims, most of whom live in the north.
Officially the emir is the country's number two cleric, behind the Sultan of Sokoto, and any attack could inflame tensions in Nigeria's second city, which is an ancient seat of Islamic study.
Sanusi was named emir earlier this year and is a prominent figure in his own right, having previously served as the governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria.
During his time in charge of the CBN, he spoke out against massive government fraud and was suspended from his post in February just as his term of office was drawing to a close.
Previous attacks
Boko Haram has repeatedly attacked Kano. On November 14, a suicide bomb attack at a petrol station killed six people, including three police.
An injured man is wheeled into hospital in Kano, Nigeria. (AP Photo)
The Islamists have a record of attacking prominent clerics. In July 2012 a suicide bomber killed five people leaving Friday prayers at the home of the Shehu of Borno in Maiduguri.
The Shehu is Nigeria's number three Islamic leader.
Boko Haram threatened Sanusi's predecessor and the Sultan of Sokoto for allegedly betraying the faith by submitting to the authority of the secular government in Abuja.
In early 2013, the convoy of Sanusi's predecessor was also attacked.
Andrew Noakes, co-ordinator of the Nigeria Security Network of security analysts, said the attack fit a pattern of violence targeting religious and traditional leaders seen as "allies" of the state.
He said it was possible that the group carried out the attack as a direct response to Sanusi's comments last week, although it may have been planned beforehand.
"Whatever the case, the group has sent a message to northern leaders that crossing them will have consequences," Noakes said in an email exchange.
Boko Haram attacks in recent months have ranged from the far northeast of Nigeria, across the wider north and northwest, using hit-and-run tactics, suicide bombings and car bombs.
The authorities in Cameroon, Chad and Niger have all expressed concern about Boko Haram's ability to conduct cross-border strikes, particularly as the dry season approaches.
 
Maiduguri targeted
 
In Maiduguri, the capital of Borno state, civilian vigilantes said they had discovered a suspected remote-controlled device planted in the Gamboru Market area of the city.
It was successfully defused by the police bomb squad but as the bomb was being made safe, another device exploded nearby. There were no casualties, as the area had been cordoned off.
"Our assumption is that the bombs were planted ahead of Friday prayers in the mosque just nearby," civilian vigilante Babakura Adam said.
"Of course, it's Boko Haram's handiwork because in the last few days several arrests have been made of suspected female suicide bombers."
Adam said the arrests were made on Wednesday and Thursday.
Fears have grown in Maiduguri about an upsurge in Boko Haram attacks, after the militant Islamists took over more than two dozen towns in Borno and two neighbouring states in recent months.
The use of concealed roadside bombs would be a departure for Boko Haram, which has previously used direct hit-and-run tactics, car bombs and suicide attacks as part of its deadly campaign.

Mumbai: IS-recruit Majeed quizzed by NIA  to be produced in court todayIS recruit Majeed booked for terror conspiracy
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, November 29, 2014
First Published: 11:38 IST(29/11/2014) | Last Updated: 16:17 IST(29/11/2014)
Comments
College student-turned-ISIS militant Areeb Majeed was produced before a special National Investigation Agency (NIA) court Saturday and sent to NIA custody till December 8.
Six months after he left his suburban Mumbai home to join Islamic State (also known as IS or ISIS or ISIL) militants, 22-year-old Majeed returned from West Asia Friday and was being questioned by the NIA, officials said.
Majeed has been booked under sections 16, 18, 20 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA)  relating to conspiracy in a terrorist act, and section 125 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) for waging war against a country which has friendly ties with India.
The NIA, however, was not willing to comment much on the case which has raised concerns across the country over the West Asian militant group's recruitment plans.
Hindustan Times was the first to report that Areeb, earlier thought to have been killed in an air strike, was alive and had called his father, Dr Ijaz Majeed, seeking help to return from Turkey.
Sleuths believe Areeb has actively participated in ISIS terror designs in Iraq and Syria.
Areeb and three other young men -- Fahad Shaikh, Saheem Tanki and Amaan Tandel -- from Kalyan in Maharashtra's Thane district went to Iraq in May to join the jihadi group, investigators said. How Areeb managed to escape and go to Turkey is still unknown.
NIA prosecutor Geeta Godambe said the agency wanted to know the truth, and sought to take Areeb into 14-day custody.
Areeb, who was dressed in dark brown Pathani suit Saturday, was asked by the judge why he had not hired any lawyer. "I was in NIA's custody, and did not get the time to hire a lawyer," he said.
The judge further asked if he had any complaints with the agency. But, Areeb said 'no'.
Preliminary questioning of Areeb has made the agency believe that ISIS handlers gave the Kalyan youngster a basic training in handling firearms.
Areeb has also reportedly told the agency about who funded his trip. An NIA source said the agency had zeroed in on a firm.
Areeb was injured in an airstrike in Iraq and suffered a bullet injury. He has no regrets of having joined the ISIS, added police sources.
Sources said Areeb landed at Mumbai international airport at 5:15am Friday and was immediately taken into custody by NIA officials.
According to police, the four engineering students -- radicalised over the internet -- flew to Baghdad as part of a group of 22 pilgrims visiting religious shrines in Iraq. But intelligence agencies later intercepted phone calls where the men were crying and asking their families to seek the government's help for their return.
Maharashtra's anti-terrorism squad (ATS), which earlier questioned the youngsters' relatives, is also in touch with the NIA over Areeb's return, sources said.
Intelligence and security officials have warned that the Islamic State is trying to indoctrinate and recruit young volunteers online from India - home to the world's second-largest Muslim population.
However, national security adviser Ajit Doval said at this month's HT Leadership Summit that no more than 10 Indian Muslims had gone to join IS militants in Iraq and Syria.

Taxmen find Rs 10 crore in top Noida babus carComments
Income tax sleuths found Rs. 10 crore stashed inside a car belonging to Noida’s engineer-in-chief Yadav Singh during raids in connection with illegal sale of plots in the NCR town, officials said on Friday.
Singh secured the key post under the previous Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) regime in Uttar Pradesh, and under his watch the local authority signed pacts with construction firms for projects worth Rs. 954 crore within eight days in December 2011, investigators said.
He was suspended by the Samajwadi Party government in 2012 over allegations of embezzlement but made a comeback after being cleared in an inquiry.
I-T department also seized two kilograms of gold and jewellery from Singh’s Noida residence apart from Rs. 10 lakh cached in another vehicle.
Raids continued for the second day on McConn Infra Private Limited and Meenu Creations Private Limited in the National Capital Region (NCR) following allegations that the two companies got 30 to 40 plots in Noida through bogus shareholdings in Kolkata.
“These shares were later offloaded. In this way, those who purchased the shares got plots. All these transactions were made in the last three to four years,” said Krishna Saini, director general of income tax (investigation).
Singh’s wife Kusumlata was a director at Meenu Creations and held a similar post at McConn Infra till 2013.
Saini said Rs. 40 lakh was recovered from the residence of Yadav’s associate Anil Peshwari – a director at McConn.
Investigators said McConn likely hoarded excess stocks and some of its benami properties were also being probed.

Swedish woman returns to India to find her rootsNov 29, 2014 at  11:52am IST
Swedish woman returns to India to find her roots
18
0
Kolkata: A 34-year-old woman who was adopted by Swedish parents has returned to India seeking to find her roots. Rebecca Aditi Sandlert was adopted from an orphanage in Kolkata where she had been abandoned.
Rebecca said her biological mother was from Nepal and her father was Bengali. She is now searching for their whereabouts. So far she has made no headway in inquiries made at Siliguri where she was born.
Rebecca said her search for roots began when she was growing up in Sweden, when she looked different from the other children.
Rebecca said, "I came to India to find my birthplace. My mother was from Nepal and father was Bengali."
13
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Arms cache recovered from militant hideout in DodaNov 29, 2014 at 11:34am IST
Arms cache recovered from militant hideout in Doda
6
0
Jammu: Security forces have busted a militant hideout and recovered arms and ammunition in Doda district of Jammu and Kashmir, a defence spokesman said here on Saturday.
Acting on specific intelligence inputs, Rashtriya Rifles and police launched a joint search operation and busted the hideout in Marmat in Bhaderwah tehsil of Doda district on Friday, he said.
The recoveries from the hideout include an AK-47 rifle, a chinese pistol, two .303 rifle, three 12 bore gun, one sniper rifle, one country-made pistol, four magazines of AK-47 and three magazines of .303 rifle, he said.
Acting on specific intelligence inputs, Rashtriya Rifles and police launched a joint search operation and busted the hideout in Marmat in Bhaderwah tehsil of Doda district on Friday, he said.
In addition, two radio sets, around 216 rounds of assorted ammunition, four hand grenades and several other logistic stores were also recovered, the spokesman added.
0

Toyota recalls 5 834 Corolla Altis diesel models in IndiaToyota recalls 5 834 Corolla Altis diesel models in India
E-visa facility will encourage biz to travel to IndiaE-visa facility will encourage biz to travel to India
Google joins global wave of mourning to pay tribute to late HughesGoogle joins global wave of mourning to pay tribute to late Hughes
India overtakes China in corporate governance rankingsIndia overtakes China in corporate governance rankings
Expect a gap up on nifty and icici on monday. icici may go below 1750(...Platinum Member
1175 Followers
Not clear. There is a risk that upmove maybe over. I think you should keep an SL of 834 and exit if that breaks.
It had a great run from 250 and seems 5 waves on weekly are over. Risk reward ratio not in favour of longs at this point. I fear it maybe in downtrend for several months.
In reply to : paisakudu message
1.40 PM Nov 29th

Pondy oxide- surprised to see that the net operating profit per share ...331 Followers
Reposted about 11 days 17 hrs 50 min 23 sec ago by New Boarder
PONDY OXIDE- Surprised to see that the Net operating profit per share had increased from 147.89 (2009-10) to 401.94 (2013-14), an increase of 171%. The stock has potential to double from the current level. Hold the stock.
12.27 PM Nov 29th

Oil prices softening will have a multiplier effect on the earning`s of...Silver Member
7 Followers
Oil prices softening will have a multiplier effect on the earning`s of Berger paints in future and that is why market is bullish on both Asian and berger paints... This can give @ 20-25% annualized return as I see the next quarter earning`s to be a stellar for the company in liue of crude prices...People who are asking to sell have no fundamental reason to sell...They are giving a sell call may be because they have been caught on the wrong side of the price...Keep holding your stock...500 should be easily achievable by next year...post split that target would be 250/-
12.27 PM Nov 29th  | Track

Yes dear i agree with ur point but i replied on your below commentNew Member
5 Followers
ok abhi....how do u see this correction in midcaps and small caps...are these times to fear since more correction is expected...or investors like me can go long without any fear...especially pl suggest what to do in stocks such as,
NCC, Morepen Labs, Commex, Vidhi, Nitin Spinner, Smart Link, Anuh Pharma, Marksans Pharma, Manappuram Finance, TVS Motors, Capital First, Freshtrop Fruit....
In reply to : abhishek_ninaniya message
11.27 AM Nov 25th

The Appointment with Anil Swarup18:13 pm For efficient GST, inclusion of petro products must: EY
- in Economy
17:58 pm Nifty down 150 points after a weak session; ends at 8068
- in CNBC-TV18 Analyst - Markets
16:45 pm Hsg Fin, pvt banks to gain most from eco pick up: Jai Bala
- in MARKET OUTLOOK

11 militants killed in Pakistan airstrikes11 militants killed in Pakistan airstrikes
PTI
Tweet
Islamabad, Nov 29:  
Pakistani fighter jets pounded the Taliban hideouts in restive northwestern tribal region, killing at least 21 militants, officials said today.
The attacks carried out yesterday targeted several hideouts of the Taliban-linked militant groups in remote Tirah valley area of Khyber tribal district.
Security officials said that eight militants belonging to the Tariq Afridi group and another three of Lashkar-i-Islam were killed in the attacks.
Several hideouts were also destroyed in the strikes.
Pakistan had launched its operation against the militants in Khyber last month and has so far killed over 150 militants.
Most of those killed belong to Lashkar-e-Islam which is controlled by Mangal Bagh, who is an ally of the Taliban.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

PM Narendra Modi flags off India-Nepal bus serviceWe compare the fully loaded diesel versions of each to find out!
 
Maruti has big hopes for the Ciaz, not just as a car but as a gateway into more premium future...
 
The Hyundai Grand i10 is good. No doubt. But, is it better than the popular and fun to drive M...
 

20 cars coming to India from LA  auto shows20 cars coming to India from LA, Guangzhou auto shows
26 Nov, 2014
Source: indianautosblog.com
The press days of the 2014 Los Angeles and 2014 Guangzhou Auto shows have concluded and here are the list of cars from the shows that are destined for India.
These 20 cars from Los Angeles, Guangzhou auto shows are to come to India real soon...

Bad enactment  no enforcementUpdated: November 28, 2014 00:47 IST
Bad enactment, no enforcement
laws
In response to public clamour against corruption, Parliament has been passing anti-graft legislation. But lawmakers, public servants and enforcement agencies, who have among their lot a vast majority of the corrupt, have been seeking loopholes in the law
India’s approach in tackling the age-old problem of corruption has been Janus-faced. On the one hand, being responsive to public clamour for the eradication of corruption of all kinds, grand or petty, India’s Parliament has been steadily engaged in passing legislation, commencing with the extension of powers granted to the wartime Special Staff in 1942 till the enactment, in 2014, of the Lokpal and Lokayuktas Act. On the other hand, lawmakers, public servants and law enforcement agencies, who can count among their lot the vast majority of perpetrators of corruption, have been seeking loopholes in the law and avenues to avoid punishment. Political and administrative expediency, not principles of good governance and the rule of law, rule the roost, regardless of which set of political parties is in power.
CBI’s colonial antecedents
Even though the Indian Penal Code, which came into operation on January 1, 1862, defined the ‘public servant’ and identified offences that can be classified as ‘corruption’, the British Raj did not demonstrate any great anxiety about prosecuting its officials for abusing their authority and robbing the public. The onset of World War II forced the Government of India, the chief supporter of Britain’s war effort, to draw urgent attention to the different forms of corruption prevalent in the War Department. The War Resources Committee created, in April 1941, an outfit (called Special Staff) to investigate and check ‘bribery and corruption’ in various supplying departments.
When the war ended, emergency laws enacted during its duration lapsed. The Special Police Establishment (SPE) became the Delhi Special Police Establishment (DSPE) by an ordinance, followed by the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act, XXV of 1946, which still governs the operations of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). The scope of the DSPE was expanded through a new Act of 1952 to cope with the new situation when new institutions and financial concerns arose and developmental activities expanded. The DPSE was empowered to investigate corruption in statutory corporations and entities administered directly or indirectly by the Union government.
In 1962, in the aftermath of a high profile corruption scandal (the Mundhra scandal) which led to the resignation of the then Finance Minister, T.T. Krishnamachari, in 1958, the Government appointed a committee under the chairmanship of K. Santhanam. In the first of its two reports, submitted in 1963, the Santhanam Committee recommended the creation of a Central Vigilance Commission headed by a Central Vigilance Commissioner (CVC) with considerable autonomy and status so as to consolidate the fragmented anti-corruption work that was being performed by the various ministries of the Union government. In April 1963, the government set up the CBI to investigate not only cases of bribery and corruption, but also violations of Central fiscal laws and serious crimes committed by organised gangs and thugs, besides collecting supporting intelligence, statistics of crime and conducting research to inform policy-making. The CBI drew its power of investigation from the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act, 1946. It has been reported that the DSPE Act will be again amended to enable selection of the CBI Director by a body which includes the leader of the largest Opposition party in the Lok Sabha (as there is no Leader of the Opposition now) and also to specifically state that vacancies on the selection panel should not vitiate the selection.
Offences by public servants
The CVC was accorded statutory status in 2003 only after a directive in the judgment of the Supreme Court in Vineet Narain v. Union of India. In September 2010, the CVC released the Draft National Anti-Corruption Strategy, a good document that deserves more attention than it has received. It contains a thoughtful critique of shortcomings in India’s legislative framework. The CVC Act 2003 gives the CVC powers to inquire into alleged offences committed by officials under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. The CVC does not have direct powers to investigate and must depend on the CBI for that. The requirement of obtaining prior sanction of an appropriate authority before any court takes cognisance of an offence by a public servant is a serious limitation. There have been long delays before sanction is accorded. The provision serves to protect public servants though a wrong has been committed because the sanctioning authority is normally a senior officer of the “accused” officer. A sanction after having been accorded can be challenged at the trial stage and cases have been discharged on the basis that the sanctioning authority had not applied its mind while according sanction. This provision goes beyond the protection offered under the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 (which only protects actions in discharge of official duty).
It is desirable to remove prior sanction requirement in cases where a public servant officer is caught red-handed. A time limit should be prescribed for decisions sanctioning prosecution. However, the power of public servants in India is vast and strong. Instead of easing prior sanction requirements, an amendment Bill was tabled in Parliament in August 2013 which increases the protection of public servants from prosecution.
The Supreme Court had earlier struck down the “single directive” that had provided immunity to senior civil servants from suo motu action of the CBI. The government has restored this provision through statute and entrusted the authority of pre-inquiry scrutiny to the secretary of the administrative department. This has diluted the powers of superintendence of the CVC and the CBI. There is a system of dual control over the CBI — one exercised by the CVC in respect of corruption cases only, and the other by the Central government in respect of all its other work.
Administrative control of the CBI by the Central government makes it vulnerable to the criticism that the agency often compromises its corruption investigations of government officials. During the last decade, at least four former Directors of the agency have been given high-level government positions such as appointments as State Governors. There is criticism of the CBI’s highhandedness and a lack of sensitivity to a loss of reputation of senior members of the bureaucracy against whom it announced inquiries. There have also been selective leaks to the media of material gathered by the CBI in the course of investigation.
Lokpal and Lokayuktha
The Santhanam Committee, in effect, recommended that the CVC should also function as an ombudsman in India, taking cognisance of cases of maladministration as well as corruption. The Government of India ruled out accepting this recommendation claiming that the importance and urgency of providing machinery to look into the grievances of citizens against the administration and to ensure the just and fair exercise of administrative power would require a separate agency. But no such agency was created. It took a Gandhian-style movement led by Anna Hazare to put this matter back on the policy agenda of Parliament in 2011. During 2012, little was done with the Lokpal Bill except for the proceedings of the Rajya Sabha committee. The United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government, led by the Congress Party, meanwhile lost Assembly elections in Chhattisgarh, Delhi, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, forcing it to yield ground on the Lokpal Bill, accept all amendments adopted by the Upper House, and pass the Bill on December 17, 2013. The Lokpal law came into force on January 16, 2014.
In brief, the Lokpal is empowered to investigate complaints against the Prime Minister, other ministers, current and former legislators, government employees, employees of firms funded or controlled by the Centre, societies and trusts that collect public money, receive funds from foreign sources, and have an income level above a certain threshold. Bodies creating endowments for or performing religious or charitable functions have been excluded from the Lokpal’s purview. Inquiries are to be completed within 60 days and investigation to be completed within six months. The Lokpal shall order a probe only after hearing the public servant. Inquiry against the Prime Minister has to be held in-camera and approved by two-thirds of a full bench of the Lokpal. The Lokpal will exercise superintendence over the CBI in relation to the cases referred by it. CBI officers investigating cases referred by the Lokpal can be transferred without its approval. The Lokpal can initiate prosecution through its prosecution wing before the special court. Lokpal-initiated trials are to be completed within two years. States are expected to set up Lokayuktas by law within 365 days and have the freedom to determine the powers and the functions of the Lokayukta.
In its twilight hour, when its days were ended, when according to Hegel, the owl of Minerva spreads her wings and wisdom dawns, the UPA government managed to enact legislation to partially protect whistle-blowers, but none of the other complementary laws, which India is obligated to pass after becoming party to the U.N. Convention Against Corruption, has been enacted. The present government does not seem to be in a hurry to constitute the Lokpal and enact those complementary anti-corruption laws, including the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill, 2010, the Citizen’s Charter and Grievance Redressal Bill 2011, the Public Procurement Bill, 2012, the Prevention of Corruption (Amendment) Bill of 2013, and the Prevention of Bribery of Foreign Public Officials and Officials of Public International Organizations Bill, 2011. Maybe Prime Minister Narendra Modi is a modern-day Tacitus who claimed: “The more corrupt the state, the more laws.” Sadly, our lot seems to be both the non-enactment of essential legislation and the non-enforcement of laws we already have.
(R. Sudarshan, a Rhodes Scholar, is Dean and Professor, Jindal School of Government and Public Policy, Sonipat.)

Google s smart spoon: Now eat without spilling!Google's smart spoon Liftware lets you eat without spilling
27 Nov, 2014
Text: AP
Google is throwing its money, brain power and technology at the humble spoon.
But these spoons (don't call them spoogles) are a bit more than your basic utensil: Using hundreds of algorithms, they allow people with essential tremors and Parkinson's disease to eat without spilling.
The technology senses how a hand is shaking and makes instant adjustments to stay balanced. In clinical trials, the Liftware spoons reduced shaking of the spoon bowl by an average of 76 per cent.
"We want to help people in their daily lives today and hopefully increase understanding of disease in the long run," Google spokesperson Katelin Jabbari said.

RBI sets ball rolling on differentiated licensingYou are here: Home > Collections
RBI issues differentiated licensing; invites applications from potential candidates
ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 04.11AM IST
Tags:
Ananda Bhoumik
(The regulator has shut the…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) moved into a new era of bank licensing practice by inviting applications for differentiated banks - payments, and small banks - and has promised to provide licences on tap after the first round of licensing expected to be over in the first quarter of the next year.
Dilution of restrictions on geographical presence could lead to scores of small non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) jumping at the opportunity to seek Small Finance Bank licence, which could help achieve the financial inclusion bank nationalisation failed to do.
The regulator has shut the door on big ones such as Shriram Transport Finance and Muthoot Finance from seeking a small bank licence. Even big business houses and state-owned entities are barred from it. Since the model is aimed to serve small borrowers, at least half the loans should be below Rs 25 lakh.
The door is wide open for Payments Bank where many kinds of applicants, including retailers and co-operatives, are permitted. But their operations will be limited to deposits and payment transfer with almost all the deposits mandated to be kept in government bonds, or banks.
The 'fit-and-proper' criteria will continue to dominate the decision of RBI. Applicants with a business plan to serve underbanked regions and north-eastern states of the country will be preferred for the licence, and they will be permitted to expand nationally after a few years.
"As local focus and the ability to serve smaller customers will be the key criteria in licensing such banks, this may be a more appropriate vehicle for local players or players which are focussed on lending to unserved/underserved sections of society,'' the central bank said on Small Finance Banks. "Accordingly, proposals from large public sector entities and industrial and business houses, including from NBFCs promoted by them, will not be entertained.''
The regime for Payments Bank is a lot liberal on eligibility, with NBFCs, super market chains, telecom companies, co-operatives and corporate business correspondents qualifying if they bring in Rs 100 crore capital "It will change the way the banking is done," said A P Hota, MD and CEO, National Payments Corporation of India.
"New members will be added in the financial sector which would bring new technology and help reduce the transaction cost. They will bring new skill sets of transaction banking and as small banks are allowed to expand in different geographies it will bring volumes and reduce cost.''
Governor Raghuram Rajan and Prime Minister Narendra Modi are pushing for bank accounts for every Indian where more than half the population do not have access to formal financial services. Modi launched the Jan Dhan scheme, which makes bank account opening possible even without money and less documented identity proofs.
"Non-banking finance companies and microfinance companies will apply for small bank licence,'' said Shinjini Kumar, leader, banking and capital markets, PwC India. "RBI allowing a pan-India presence for small banks against its earlier proposal of presence in a few districts is a positive. The relaxation in the dilution norms is also good for applicants.''
Small Finance Banks should have a minimum capital of Rs 100 crore and maintain a capital adequacy of 15%, RBI said. The promoter should bring down his holding to 26% in 12 years from commencement, and listing will be mandatory once the networth reaches Rs 500 crore, it said. Small banks can earn from other financial services, too. "It can also undertake other non-risks, sharing simple financial services activities, not requiring any commitment of own fund, such as distribution of mutual fund units, insurance products, pension products, etc,'' RBI said.
More than the financial muscle, it may be the technology capabilities that may drive the new round of banking. "We will soon discuss it at our board level and based on recommendations, we will apply for a payment bank licence," said Rishi Gupta, COO and executive director at Fino PayTech, a large business correspondent. "The structure is more convenient now as it allows to get listed only when one reaches Rs 500 crore net worth. Increase of leverage ratio will now allow accepting Rs 3,333 crore deposits against Rs 100 crore capital."
FEATURED ARTICLES

FM Jaitley may nudge RBI governor to lower interest ratesFM Arun Jaitley may nudge RBI governor Raghuram Rajan to lower interest rates
ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Most experts expect Rajan…)
NEW DELHI: Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan may meet Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday ahead of the central bank's bi-monthly monetary policy review on Tuesday amidst rising pressure to start cutting interest rates .
Both consumer and wholesale inflation have fallen to record lows while GDP numbers for July-September quarter out today will likely show economy slowed from 5.7% growth recorded in April-June quarter.
Some estimates peg the second quarter GDP growth at as low as 4.8% in view of sluggish industrial production in the three months. Industry has stepped up pressure to cut rates to revive demand and spur investments and the government has sent enough signals to the central bank that it backs the demand."
Reduction in cost of capital will give a good fillip to the Indian economy," finance minister Arun Jaitley had said last week but had added that the decision was RBI's."...it's their (RBI) job to balance rates with inflation. I am sure they will do it competently. But the fact is this is the direction we have to take...we are slowly but surely moving in that direction," he had said again last week to PTI.
Most experts expect Rajan to hold the repo rate at 8% despite inflation cooling and economic recovery faltering.Car sales turns negative in October suggesting fragile consumer demand while investments are yet to show signs of a pick up.
Globally, too, many central banks are cutting rates to stimulate demand as fear of slowdown looms over the world economy. RBI governor makes a customary call to the finance minister ahead of the monetary policy review.
Consumer price inflation (CPI), the price gauge that the RBI watches closely, was placed at 5.5% in October, well below the central bank's target of 6% by January 2016. Inflation based on the Wholesale Price Index cooled to a 5-year low of 1.77% in October. Lower fuel prices are expected to fall further because of softer fuel and food prices.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MHA speeds up work on Gujarat NSG hubHome Ministry speeds up work on NSG hub in Gujarat to tackle terror
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 07.06AM IST
Tags:
Gujarat
(The UPA government…)
NEW DELHI: After it was in cold storage for nearly three years, the Home Ministry has fast-tracked the setting up a National Security Guards hub in Gujarat to tackle terror, including the threat to the Reliance refinery in Jamnagar.
The UPA government had set up additional NSG hubs in Mumbai, Kolkata , Hyderabad and Chennai after the 26/11 attacks. While Narendra Modi was Chief Minister of Gujarat, he had demanded an NSG hub in Gujarat citing the terror threat to the state and its long coastline. The UPA gave an "in-principle" approval to Gujarat's proposal on March 18, 2011, but nothing much moved on the same till the new government came to power.
The threat of a terror attack on important coastal installations in Gujarat was, however, not lost. NSG has conducted several drills by flying commandoes from its Mumbai hub to Jamnagar in a specially-hired civilian aircraft to check the swiftness with which the NSG commandoes could reach there in the event of a terror attack. The Jamnagar refinery was also granted a CISF security cover after the 26/11 attacks to guard it better from any terror threat from the coast.
Over two months after the Modi government assumed office, a joint team of officers from NSG, Central Armed Police Forces and Home Ministry paid a visit to the state and assessed a piece of land offered by Gujarat near Gandhinagar to find it suitable for a NSG hub.
Moving fast, a team of NSG engineers have carried out a joint survey along with officials of the Gujarat government of the same piece of land on August 20-21 and a report was submitted to the Home Ministry. On September 25, the Home Ministry wrote to the Gujarat government to execute certain development works prior to handing over the land to NSG for construction. "The hub will be up by the end of 2015," a ministry official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Narendra Modi to be at NE cop meet; terror on agendaYou are here: Home > Collections
PM Narendra Modi to attend DGPs conference in Guwahati; terrorism, security to be top agendas
Bikash Singh, ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Al-Qaeda
(Presentations will also…)
GUWAHATI: Countering attempts of ISIS and Al-Qaeda to attract Indian youth and measures for security of the North-East region are top on the agenda of the annual DGPs conference in Guwahati this week-end which Prime Minister Narendra Modi will attend.
Presentations will also be made by the Intelligence Bureau and Research and Analysis Wing on the security situation and emerging threats. In a change from concentrating just on the threat from the Indian Mujahedeen or Pakistani-based terror outfits like Lashkar-e-Toiba, a separate session has been kept on developing a strategy to counter radicalisation and foil attempts to attract youth to ISIS and Al-Qaeda. Steps towards creating a "better security environment" in the North-East region and widening citizen access to police services is also on the agenda besides tacking Leftwing extremism through police response in rural areas.
Assam Director General of Police, Khagen Sarma said on Thursday that local militants, anti-talk factions of ULFA and the National Democratic Front of Bodoland (NDFB) are hiring Jehadi operatives. The conference will also deliberate on the threat from Jehadi terror outfits. Chief Ministers of the Northeastern states and Sikkim will be present at the conference, Sarma said, "The 49th conference in Guwahati will take up militancy connected with jihad across the country. Around 35 companies of security forces are pressed in the city for the two-day programme to thwart threat from insurgent outfits," he said.
"We have arrested nine operatives of Jehadi terror outfits. Local outfits like ULFA and NDFB are hiring from Jehadi terror outfit. Training module of jihad are there in West Bengal , Assam, and Bangladesh," he said. The presentation by Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) at the conference is expected to focus on the international border issues with Bangladesh and Myanmar. Modi, Home Minister Rajnath Singh and IB Chief Syed Asif Ibrahim will be addressing the DGPs at the conference.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BSF plans laser walls to stop infiltration from PakistanBSF plans laser walls to stop infiltration from Pakistan
By Deeptiman Tiwary, TNN | 27 Nov, 2014, 09.11AM IST
The laser wall will ensure that anyone approaching the border or breaking the beam in an unfenced zone sets off an alarm.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Laser walls may soon be used to stop infiltration from Pakistan. This is one solution BSF is exploring to implement more effective border checks.
The laser wall will ensure that anyone approaching the border or breaking the beam in an unfenced zone sets off an alarm.
Other than laser walls in unfenced areas, the force is considering anti-tunnel ground sensors and thermal sensors in the fenced stretches. Such technologies, sources said, are already in use in countries such as Israel.
"We're constantly modernizing our weaponry and upgrading defences according to the new challenges facing us. We have looked at some of these technologies and have found them suitable," BSF director general DK Pathak said.
Sources in the force said laser beams would form a wall in places such as the riverine parts of Jammu where fencing isn't possible. The system will be connected to an alarm which would go off at any breach. At present about 15% of the Indo-Pak border and about 35% of the Indo-Bangla frontier is unfenced.
Given that terrorists often use tunnels to sneak in, BSF is acquiring seismic sensors which would be planted underground along the border.
These would record vibrations resulting from tunnelling and alert the control room. This is largely being installed on the Indo-Pak border in Jammu and Punjab, which see maximum tunnelling attempts by infiltrators.
BSF is also setting up a "smart fencing system" where thermal sensors would be installed on fences which would alert control rooms of any living being approaching the fence. "This would work as an advance alert system where one would have time to reach the area where infiltrators might be attempting cut a fence and enter. Or a smuggler may be trying to pass on a contraband packet," said a BSF officer.
The force is acquiring unmanned aerial vehicles and other surveillance equipment to bolster its border defence. The move comes even though BSF maintains that there is no infiltration from Pakistan on the borders it guards. "In the past three years we have found no evidence of infiltration on international border with Pakistan," Pathak said.
However, there have been several terror attacks in border areas of Jammu, such as Hiranagar in Kathua, where militants have been suspected to have entered crossing the international border guarded by BSF. However, no agency has as yet found any evidence.

RCom  Bharti Airtel mark the beginning of data tariff warYou are here: Home > Collections
Reliance Communications, Bharti Airtel mark the beginning of data tariff war
Kalyan Parbat, ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 10.34AM IST
Tags:
Anil Ambani
(Anil Ambani-led telco unveils…)
KOLKATA: Anil Ambani-headed Reliance Communications has unveiled, what it calls, a disruptive data plan which promises data usage at a monthly rental of Rs 999 with no download quantity caps whatsoever, a move which comes barely 24 hours after Bharti Airtel said it would offer 4G services at or below 3G rates.
The back-to-back moves could mark the beginning of a bruising data tariff war as telcos move to garner as many higherpaying data subscribers as they can in the run-up to Mukesh Ambani-owned Reliance Jio Infocomm's expected 4G services launch next year. The Sunil Mittal-founded Bharti Airtel, India's No. 1 carrier, had said on Wednesday it would offer 10 GBs of data on 4G at Rs 999, which is 33% cheaper than its 10 GB data variant on 3G, priced at Rs 1,499.
RCom's unlimited data offer, launched on Thursday, directly takes on rival CDMA operator Sistema Shyam Teleservices' identical Rs 999 data plan, which has 40GB and 20GB limits for postpaid and prepaid customers, respectively.
Gurdeep Singh, chief executive (consumer business) at RCom, told ET that the move is aimed at grabbing potential data customers from rival networks who are "dissatisfied with their current data speeds or the quality of indoor coverage".
The company's unlimited data plan at unbridled data speeds up to 14.7 Mbps would initially go live in Chennai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad and Pune and eventually be extended to other key cities including Delhi and Mumbai.
Singh stressed that the plan "was truly unlimited", in that, a customer opting for it could safely go ahead and download, say, "100 GBs for Rs 999 without fear of a bill shock at the end of the month".
The offer "was not a promotional offer in disguise to grab data customers in key markets. We are here for the long haul and plan to extend this offer nationally in all key markets," he added. RCom will be in direct competition in Bengaluru and Pune where Bharti Airtel operates 4G services, while it would be sparring with the Indian unit of Russia's Sistema JSFC in Chennai and Bengaluru.
Till the time of filing report, Vodafone India, Idea Cellular and Sistema Shyam declined to reply to ET's queries on whether they would also slash 3G data rates or go unlimited.
Lately, India's top mobile operators have been cherry-picking lucrative data customers amid surging demand for data services and also in anticipation of fierce competition on the 4G front from Jio which is widely expected to launch its own 4G services by March next year. Higher margin data services are expected to drive revenue growth at India's mobile phone operators in the coming years.
At the end of September, non-voice revenue, including from data, made up over 24% of RCom's telecom revenue, and over 20% of Bharti Airtel's mobile services revenue. Both Bharti Airtel and RCom had over 15 million 3G customers as on September 30.
Industry experts, however, are sceptical about RCom's offer, arguing that it is "technically impossible" to offer unlimited data downloads at the promised speeds over a long term to a large customer base as it would choke up the network and disrupt mobile coverage.
"Since a data pipe's capacity is finite, a large group of customers collectively opting for such an unlimited offer are bound to experience a serious loss of speed at some point, especially since DoT allows operators to downgrade data download speeds as part of its fair usage and trade policy once a customer is seen to be abusing a data plan," a top executive of one of India's biggest telcos told ET on condition of anonymity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Trai recommends over 15 per cent rise in CDMA spectrum reserve priceYou are here: Home > Collections
Trai recommends over 15 per cent rise in CDMA spectrum reserve price
ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 03.43AM IST
Tags:
Assam
(Trai has recommended increasing…)
NEW DELHI: India's telecom regulator has recommended increasing the reserve price of CDMA airwaves to Rs 3,104 crore per unit, 15% higher than its proposal in February, irking operators that sought a reduction as an impetus for the lesser-used platform.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) carried out a fresh valuation of spectrum in the 800 MHz band based on a change in the revenue mix of operators, which indicated a higher contribution from data usage since its previous suggestions made nine months ago and its recommendations in October on the reserve price for the 1800 MHz band.
"The significant increase in the growth of data usage cannot be ignored," the regulator said, while suggesting the higher reserve price. "Projected subscribers' growth also needed revision in the light of current data/trends."
Trai's recommendations will go to the Department of Telecom (DoT), which will decide on the final reserve price.
The Trai-proposed pan-India price for airwaves is 72% higher than the floor price ofRs 1,820 crore in the 2013 auction of the 800 MHz band, where Sistema Shyam Teleservices , among the only pure-play CDMA operators in India, secured spectrum in eight circles. The regulator had proposed Rs 2,685 crore per unit as the base price in February, prompting an outrage from CDMA players, following which DoT sent it back to Trai for reconsideration.
"At this price, which is 1.5 times that of 1800 MHz floor price, it seems unlikely that there would be any buyers," said Ashok Sud, Secretary General of the Association of Unified Telecom Service Providers of India (AUSPI), an industry lobby group. "There is a real danger that there would not be an auction. We're going to urge the DoT not to accept these recommendations."
Trai has priced the CDMA band in the metro circles of Delhi and Mumbai at Rs 494 crore andRs 352 crore per unit of airwaves, respectively, about 37% and 7.3% higher than the 900 MHz base price in the February auctions. However, the base price in Kolkata of Rs 117 crore is still lower than floor price of Rs 125 crore.
The DoT had also sent back Trai's proposals on the 900 MHz and 1800 MHz bands, which are due to be auctioned early next year, on which the regulator reiterated its earlier stand on all suggestions.
The 800 MHz band has been used by Reliance Communications, Tata Teleservices and Sistema Shyam to offer voice calls using CDMA technology. It has traditionally been considered less valuable than 900 MHz and 1800 MHz, which are used to offer GSM services.
The regulator has priced 800 MHz aggressively because these airwaves can be used to provide high-end data on 4G technology and are considered to be efficient.
The regulator has reiterated its stand on most recommendations apart from the reserve price. It has suggested, again, that the entire 800 MHz spectrum available with the DoT should be put up for auction.
The regulator has also stood by its recommendation that the entire CDMA spectrum held by state-run Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Ltd be put up for auction because it is underutilised and that the government should take back and sell CDMA spectrum held by BSNL , except one block in Jammu & Kashmir, Assam and the North-East service areas.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telecom operators told to cut carbon emissions by 17% in next five yearsTelecom operators told to cut carbon emissions by 17% in next five years
Muntazir Abbas, ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel
(The industry has benefited…)
NEW DELHI: The department of telecom (DoT) has exhorted mobile phone companies and tower operators to step up investments in green energy technologies that help reduce carbon emissions, a call that comes at a time when the industry has gone past a rough patch and its profits are growing.
"It is high time telecom service operators effectively reduced carbon footprint as overall profitability of the sector has improved lately," Rita Teaotia, special secretary, DoT said at an industry event recently.
The industry has benefited from growing data revenues and reduced competition, which has allowed operators to raise effective call rates by cutting down on free minutes.
Market leader Bharti Airtel more than doubled its net profit in the quarter to September, riding on an improved voice business and increased use by subscribers of its pricier data services while India's third largest carrier Idea Cellular reported a near 70% jump in net profit during the period.
Vodafone India , second largest operator in the country saw a 12% rise in operating profit during the three months, propelled by higher data usage and rising call rates.
An interministerial panel was recently constituted to "actively monitor" carbon reduction levels by telecom operators . The panel will focus on net carbon reduction, regardless of technology designated to meet India's green policy targets. The operators are required to cut carbon emissions by 17% in the next five years by reducing diesel consumption.
DoT has also made it mandatory for these companies to switch 50% of all cell towers in rural areas and 20% in urban areas to hybrid power by 2015. Hybrid power has been defined as a mix of grid supplies and renewable energy based on solar, wind, biomass or fuel cells. By 2020, operators will need to run 75% and 33% of cell towers in rural and urban zones, respectively, on hybrid supplies.
DoT, Teaotia said, is also committed to deployment of green energy technologies like solar for powering about 1,863 towers to boost mobile coverage in areas affected by Left-wing terrorism.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rs 4 000 crore push for 25 solar parksRs 4,000 crore push for 25 solar parks
By Sanjay Dutta, TNN | 28 Nov, 2014, 09.49AM IST
These measures would save additional expenditure by developers and reduce project cost. Goyal pegged the project cost at Rs 0.95 crore per mw.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The renewable energy ministry has proposed a gross budgetary support of Rs 4,050 crore for setting up 25 solar parks of 500 mw each and ultra-mega solar power projects to add 20,000 mw green generation capacity in the next five years.
The money is expected to be spent in phases, starting with Rs 500 crore in 2014-15 and rising to Rs 1,400 crore in 2018-19. Solar Energy Corporation of India under the ministry would be the nodal agency and manage the funding for a fee, equivalent to 1% of the grant disbursed.
The parks would be developed in collaboration with state governments. Altogether 12 states have given their consent for setting up solar plants, renewable energy minister Piyush Goyal told Lok Sabha in a written reply on Thursday. He said the project developers would be selected through bidding as per norms set by the central tariff regulator.
Broad contours of the scheme indicate measures to make the parks attractive for investors by offering readymade locations. Promoters usually have to spend a lot of time for getting approval for changing land use and other clearances from various state government bodies, including consent from state transmission utilities.
Under the scheme, developers would be invited after all statutory approvals are in place. Besides, the land would also be levelled and the parks would come with additional infrastructure such as access to roads, water and communication facilities required for commissioning and operating the plants.
These measures would save additional expenditure by developers and reduce project cost. Goyal pegged the project cost at Rs 0.95 crore per mw.
Release of central funds would be graded according to milestones, starting with 1% on the date of issue of administrative approval. This would go up to 20% upon acquisition of 50% land. Another 20% would be released upon financial closure, which would rise to 25% upon construction of pooling substation, land development and other facilities. Another 20% fund would be linked to grid connectivity and final installment of 10% would be released upon completion of the project.
States would be free to choose their agency for implementing, developing and maintaining the solar parks. Special purpose vehicles of state governments too would be eligible to develop and manage the parks, as would be 50:50 joint ventures between SECI and state government entities.
The ministry is modelling the scheme after the 590 mw Charanka solar park in Gujarat. Such large solar parks are expected to reduce construction and operations costs owing to economy of scale. But smaller parks could also be considered under the scheme in Himalayan states where large tracts of contiguous land may be difficult to acquire.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Renewable energy will change the energy landscape as we know itNovember 28, 2014, 2:39 am IST Hari Pulakkat in Global Science | Environment , India | ET
16
Close watchers of the global energy landscape would have noticed two stories in The New York Times this week. One was about the falling prices of renewable energy to the point of becoming cheaper than coal.
The second was the announcement from an energy company, NRG Energy, a long-time coal-user, that it would cut 50% of its emissions by 2030 and 90% by 2050. These two events may be far removed from the developing world situation, but it may not be long before they start influencing the energy landscape in these countries, including India.
The New York Times story quoted utility executives as saying that several companies have signed power purchase agreements for solar and wind at prices below that of natural gas. Some of this is the result of subsidies, but renewable energy prices are falling so fast that they could compete soon with coal and natural gas even without subsidies. Once that stage is crossed, there is no turning back to fossil fuels.
So the shift from fossil fuels to an economy based on renewable energy is continual and will be complete sometime this century. Whether they will help to stop serious climate change is a completely different matter.
Renewable energy is growing not just because of government efforts, but also because companies and individuals have taken a serious interest in sustainable energy, driving distributed generation and along with it disruption of utility business models.
Once a breakthrough arrives in electricity storage, the old age will collapse and the new age will take over. When that would happen is anybody’s guess. All over the US, utilities are seriously considering energy storage in their long-term plans. The main driver is last year’s energy storage mandate in California, which requires utilities to create 1.3 gigawatts of storage by 2020.
While these would slowly bring storage into the equation, they will not reduce costs enough to make renewable energy a true competitor to coal soon enough. Several people have claimed breakthroughs in grid storage technology, but none is yet to hit the commercial market yet.
This brings us to the second part of the assertion: that a quick shift away from fossil fuels will be enough to tackle climate change. Carbon dioxide is a long-lived gas. A large amount of it will go back to the earth in a few centuries, but some of it would remain in the atmosphere for a long time, probably for a few millennia.
It also takes about 40 years for the gas that is already up there to show its effect on heating. This means that mere slowing down of emissions is not enough. They have to come to zero and then go into reverse. We need to pull carbon dioxide out of the air and put it deep inside the earth where they cannot go up again.
All this may seem far removed from the Indian situation, where a new government is trying to generate power and speed up economic growth. However, even if India does not want to be a participant in the battle against climate change, it will definitely be a recipient of its worst effects. Whether the government and incumbents like it or not, the improving economics of renewable energy will begin to upset utility business models in India as well.
Renewable energy will not be a significant player in India except after a decade. But it will do enough to create disruption for utilities and force regulators to think hard.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Piyush Goyal says govt will act soon to resolve fuel scarcity issueYou are here: Home > Collections
Power minister Piyush Goyal says government will act soon to resolve fuel scarcity issue
Shuchi Srivastava, ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 04.18AM IST
Tags:
Coal
(“The government will…)
MUMBAI: India's fuel-starved power projects would be able to give a bonus 30,000 MW capacity to fuel the expected surge in electricity demand when the economy turns around, as power, coal and renewable energy minister Piyush Goyal's assurance of quick action has raised industry's hopes that policy action would kickstart stranded plants.
Goyal, along with petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan , announced on Wednesday that the government will soon act to resolve fiscal difficulties and fuel scarcity of power plants based on coal or natural gas, so that people get affordable and uninterrupted supply. "The government will look at all possible options to avail fuel to the power projects with an aim to keep power tariff low for the utilities and end users," said Goyal.
The acute scarcity of fuel has hit new capacity of 30,000 MW but the industrial slowdown and slackening of demand made sure that consumers did not feel the pinch. India's power deficit shrank to 4,000 MW this week. But the situation would be different once industrial growth accelerates after crawling, stagnating or declining for a long time.
"Given the economic revival expected next year, power demand is going to shoot up from here. Fortunately for the country, we have enough installed capacity that can feed this demand provided the fuel side issues both in coal and gas are sorted out," said Debasish Mishra, senior director at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India Ltd.
"Positive noises from government are making the investors hopeful. However, government should soon come out with a detailed action plan to achieve the 1 billion tonne coal production target as well as pooling or other solution for gas plants, else skepticism would kick in," he added. Apart from fuel issues, power producers were also under pressure from banks which have a huge exposure in the sector. Goyal had announced that banks were on board to discuss the possibilities of relaxing lending norms to power sector.
"We are in discussions with banks to extend the term of payment for power plants to prevent them from turning non performing assets," said Goyal. The ministers held meetings with stakeholders in the power sector, who are facing an acute fuel shortage and are under pressure from banks to repay loans.
"Today's meeting was a precursor to final decisions which will be taken very fast," Goyal said. The government has already announced the auction of coal blocks and hopes to double the country's coal output to help meet the country's coal shortage. The power sector has suffered because Coal India, the state monopoly, could not keep pace with rising demand, while India's natural gas output was also inadequate. Industry expects good news for the gas-fired plants also after Goyal's announcement.
"We took comprehensive review of variety of problems that the industry has been facing. We have looked at all possible options to address the problems of gas based power projects. We have already initiated the coal block auction on process and looking at natural gas based plants to utilise stranded capacity with an aim to keep the tariff low," Goyal said.
While he has shown determination and speed to tackle the problems head-on, analysts said they are keenly watching the implementation of his ideas and policies. "These comments show that the government means business, but the proof of the pudding is in the execution, as the government must do a careful balancing act between consumer and corporate concerns, no doubt they are very well intentioned but the actual on ground implementation will make all the difference," said Harish HV, partner, Grant Thornton. The power sector is also awaiting a financial package as companies are unable to repay loans because they don't get fuel to operate their plants. In some cases plant construction was stalled because banks are reluctant to lend to power projects.Apanel of experts has recommended measures to help the sector. The government is also working on measures to thermal and hydropower plants with a combined capacity of 1,30,000 MW that are facing cost and time overruns and do not have adequate funds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How e-marketplaces are changing lives of merchantsHow online marketplaces are changing the lives of thousands of merchants
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 01.27PM IST
Tags:
Alpha Tech
(The ability to reach out…)
From garages in Mumbai to sari shops in Varanasi, thousands of manufacturers and traders are today tapping a rapidly growing online retail market in India thanks to marketplaces like Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon.
The ability to reach out to a nationwide market and lower costs are ensuring a sharp increase in sales for the over 80,000 merchants who sell just on these portals. A survey conducted by research firm Spire Research and Consulting this year showed that for offline retailers selling online, the latter is contributing up to 50% of overall sales.
Next year the online retail market is expected to reach $6 billion (over Rs 37,000 crore) in size. The online multi-category stores are responsible for almost 90% of the sales online, according to industry estimates, which means a bulk of this $6 billion will flow into bank accounts of merchants. No wonder then that online retail is changing the lives of thousands of merchants.
"Five years ago I did not have a job, now my apparel business has grown 15-fold and I am targeting over Rs 1 crore in sales," said Mumbai-based Saumya Gupta, 26, whose apparel brand Ten On Ten sells only through online sites like Flipkart and Snapdeal. There are challenges of course. Inability to increase production capacity at the same pace as demand, issue of returns, and lack of infrastructure are just some of the worries that are tempering merchants' optimism about the sector.
"There are now thousands of sellers in each category, so competition is growing," said Karan Chugh, owner of ethnic wear retail firm Florence Clothing from Surat. But for merchants, like the following six, online retail has meant success and a growth in ambition.
Rahul Agrawal, Chandrakala Enterprisess
Rahul Agrawal did not want to run his family business of distributing Banarasi saris and dress materials the traditional way. After graduating from IIT-Mumbai in 2009, Agrawal worked for a financial research firm in Delhi and then started an online games retailer in 2012. Running the games business helped him realise the potential of India's online retail market.
"With the games site, we faced challenges of procurement, but our sari business already had a strong procurement network," said Agrawal. He gave up his stake in the games business and moved back to Varanasi in 2013 to run the three-decade-old Chandrakala Enterprises. In September that year, he started selling his Banarasi saris on sites like Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal.
"Online is now contributing to about 25% of our business and could overtake our offline trade within the next two years," said Agrawal, 29. While issues like the inability of weavers to expand production rapidly remain, Agrawal is happy with his decision.
"I would have had to eventually take over the family business but thanks to online retail I am having fun," said Agrawal, who is targeting sales of at least Rs 16 crore this fiscal from online sales.
Yogesh Wadhwa, DMP Carrycases
Yogesh Wadhwa's eight-year-old business of manufacturing laptop bags for original equipment manufacturers ran into rough weather about two years ago when companies like Samsung and Sony decided to stop making laptops. Wadhwa decided to launch his own brand of bags and luggage, Bleu.
"The conventional route would have required a lot of investments, so we thought of going online," said Wadhwa, 43, who started retailing on Amazon about 10 months back. "We put up 10 designs one day and by next morning it was sold out. We realised we had a winner."
Around the time of launching on Amazon, he sold about 1,000 pieces of a toiletry kit on Groupon in one day. "I realised, apart from low prices, customers are attracted to products that are not easily available offline," said Wadhwa.
DMP sells about 150 products on regular days across most major online portals and is targeting about Rs 4 crore online sales this fiscal. "If I had to do this offline I would not have been able to do that without a heavier infusion of capital," said Wadhwa. "We are a totally debt-free company."
Karan Chugh, Florence Clothing
Karan Chugh's family has been running an apparel manufacturing and wholesale business, Majestic Silk, in Surat since 1960 and the family diversified into retail in 2007.
It was when Chugh, 25, started shopping online that he decided to retail the mass market Florence brand of saris and dress materials online.
"The idea was to explore," recalled Chugh, who started with Snapdeal in 2012 and now sells on most top marketplaces. In the first month, Florence sold Rs 5 lakh worth of products, but Chugh could see the steady ramp up in orders.
Within a few months, Chugh started Silk Bazaar, a more premium range priced up to Rs 30,000, just for the online market. With online retail accounting for over 70% of the company's overall sales, he has cut back offline operations from 30 stores to five. He also operates shop-in-shops in Vishal Megamart and at More.

Online grocers come up trumps in India s e-commerce boomAditya Birla
(The online grocers benefit…)
MUMBAI: Put off by snarled city traffic and a shortage of parking, more Indians are shopping for groceries online, helping e-tailers like Bigbasket.com and Localbanya.com turn in profits while supermarkets are struggling.
The online grocers benefit from low overheads, as they store goods in warehouses outside big cities where commercial rents are sky-high. Some like Bigbasket.com can also charge more for certain items than traditional supermarkets, which means even more profits in a country where all food retailers enjoy margins as high as 20 percent on rice and other staples.
Bigbasket.com director Ganesh Krishnan said the company would turn a profit this year, just three years after it was set up. By contrast, analysts say supermarkets like More, owned by the Aditya Birla Group, and Reliance Industries Ltd's Reliance Fresh are struggling to attract enough customers to make a profit as they compete with the small neighbourhood stores where most people buy food. Both conglomerates declined to give figures for their supermarket operations.
"You can go shop at a Walmart or Tesco in the U.S. and U.K. and they have parking. You can take the shopping carts right up to your car, so it's smooth," Krishnan told Reuters. "In India, none of this exists."
Densely populated cities have proved attractive for web grocers in Asia. Analysts estimate online sales of fresh produce in China could quadruple to 40 billion yuan ($6.5 billion) in five years from about 11.5 billion yuan in 2013.
Overall, e-commerce is rapidly growing in India, fuelled by an expanding middle class and better web access, and the potential for online grocers in particular is huge.
Most food shopping in India is done in cramped groceries that offer limited variety. Urbanites also frequent supermarkets, but e-grocers are becoming more popular as more shoppers are willing to pay extra for the convenience of not dealing with traffic and parking problems.
Sales of food and groceries currently account for more than two-thirds of all retail sales, consultants Technopak say, and the value of these sales is expected to nearly double to $686 billion by 2020.
Investors are taking note. In September, Helion Ventures and Zodius Capital led a funding round that raised 2 billion rupees ($32.6 million) for Bigbasket.com. Rival Localbanya is also looking to raise a similar amount to expand nationwide, its co-founder Amit Bhartiya said.
By running their own delivery networks, and warehousing outside the city, e-grocers are better able to control costs: analysts say the operating costs of traditional supermarkets are higher when you factor in rent and utility bills, for example.
Bigbasket.com, which started out in December 2011, currently has about 220,000 active customers Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad. It plans to launch in Pune, Delhi and Chennai in the next three months, highlighting just how quickly online grocers can grow compared to traditional supermarket chains.
"Where brick and mortar grocery in India fails to muster scale, online can do it very, very quickly just by the sheer opportunity of reaching a number of people with much less investment," said Harminder Sahni, managing director of consultants Wazir Advisors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba chief Jack Ma ready for bigger play in Indias e-commerce industryAlibaba
(Ma pledged to invest “more”…)
NEW DELHI: Alibaba's Jack Ma has given the clearest indication yet that the world's largest ecommerce group is ready for a bigger play in India's online retail industry, likely making the country one of the fiercest battlegrounds for global consumer Internet companies.
Ma, speaking at an event organised by business grouping Ficci, pledged to invest "more" in India, and he told ET that he would be back again soon, signalling Alibaba's interest in diversifying its business here.
"We will invest more in India and work with Indian entrepreneurs and technologists to improve the relationship of the two nations and to improve the lives of human beings," said Ma, Alibaba's founder, who is China's wealthiest man with an estimated net worth of $30 billion (Rs 1.8 lakh crore).
"I was a college teacher. The Internet changed me and it changed China. India is a great nation with so many young people, and the Internet will change India too," he said at a 'business cooperation' conference involving his home province Zhejiang in eastern China.
Flipkart, founded by IIT-Delhi graduates Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal, is the market leader in India, but it is dwarfed by Alibaba, which only sells to businesses here, as well as US-based Amazon, which is scaling up retail operations rapidly. In its latest round of funding, Flipkart was valued at $7 billion, compared with a market cap of $155 billion for Amazon and $282 billion for Alibaba.
"They (Alibaba) will disrupt the market. Look at what Amazon did. That is exactly what Alibaba will do. Lot of noise and immensely deep pockets," said Avinash Raghava, co-founder and fellow at technology think tank iSpirt. In September, Alibaba listed on the New York Stock Exchange, raising $25 billion in the largest public market debut in history.
Just a day after Flipkart won $1 billion in funding in July, Amazon vowed to invest double that amount in India, illustrating the importance of a market where 300 million people are already online out of a population of 1.2 billion. Nomura estimates that India's ecommerce market will be worth $43 billion by 2019, of which online retail will account for $23 billion.
Ma told ET that he is meeting several Indian entrepreneurs, but did not provide details. But Kunal Bahl, the founder of Snapdeal that competes against Amazon and Flipkart, is one of them, according to people aware of the specifics of Ma's visit. Japan's SoftBank is an investor in both Alibaba and Snapdeal. "Yes, I am meeting some businessmen, and will be back in India soon," Ma, 50, said.
India does not allow foreign investment in online retail, but Alibaba's model of not owning inventory but only providing a marketplace means it will face no policy roadblocks in India. "He was absolutely gung-ho about India and wants to invest heavily here. He is already in talks with several Indian companies. We asked him to also involve companies that make hi-tech products in India and assured him of a stable policy environment," said a senior government official who interacted with Ma.
The diminutive Ma, who wore a black blazer but not a tie, stood apart from his fellow Chinese delegates, who were more formally dressed for the occasion. Alibaba.com India Ecommerce, the Indian unit of Alibaba, made a profit of around Rs 1 crore on sales of Rs 20 crore in the year ended March 2013, according to the latest financial numbers available with the Registrar of Companies. More than 1.3 million suppliers are listed on Alibaba's Indian website, second just to its home market China's 8.2 million.
"Sellers from India are ranked just behind Chinese traders. Our platform was never designed for them (Indian SMEs), but their capabilities in taking advantage of opportunities is fantastic, and we have to build platforms to ensure more of them use it," said Ma, who launched his company from his apartment in 1999. About PM Narendra Modi, he said, "I have heard the prime minister's speech and it is very passionate and inspiring."
A former tour guide who is the son of musician-storytellers, Ma said there were 4.3 lakh Chinese consumers currently buying products, varying from chocolates to tea and spices, from Indian sellers on the platform.
"Over the next three years, one of the key strategies for Alibaba is to globalise and to make sure that we can help more small businesses around the globe use our services to do businesses," he said. R Chandrasekhar, the president of software and services grouping Nasscom, said Alibaba expanding its India presence is good news for domestic businesses. "A company that brought ecommerce to doorsteps of Chinese consumers holds many lessons for Indian ecommerce ventures which are relatively new to the game and have a long way to go," he said.
(With inputs from Dilasha Seth)
FEATURED ARTICLES

CSR for Mahindra Group: Doing well by doing goodAnand Mahindra
(Mahindra has a new rallying…)
Sitting at a panel discussion in Davos in January 2011, the strategy savant, Michael Porter and Anand Mahindra were debating "A Social Contract for The 21st century". Porter was pushing the idea that business shouldn't just be about creating economic value but about creating value for society. Anand Mahindra was chuffed.
The Mahindra group had just launched its Rise program that was all about doing well by doing good and positive change. "I told Professor Porter we started Rise before you wrote that seminal article in HBR where you introduced the shared values concept so I am not paying you any royalty for the article or rather the royalty should be reversed," laughs Mahindra. "I said, I hope you give me a good grade after so many years, I am still looking for a grade." Porter, who had taught Mahindra the nuances of strategy at Harvard Business School, gave him an A.
And anyone who has studied the Mahindra Group's progress will tell you that Anand has worked hard to get that grade. For Mahindra personally, it has been a three step journey that started with the focussing of scattered philanthropic activities of the group. Then the approach shifted to 'strategic philanthropy', a concept floated by Porter that propounds intelligent giving. Now the Mahindra Group has upped the bar a notch by migrating to the 'shared values' concept, wherein business and CSR strategies are intermeshed.
Also read: Tata Steel uses Human Development Index to keep track of CSR in villages
Mahindra was clear that sustainability was to be embedded in the culture of the group. That led to the articulation of 'Alternative Thinking the Mahindra Approach to Sustainability' that stated that sustainability wasn't just going to be about planting trees, saving water or cutting emissions. It was to be a much deeper call to action that would be a spring board for innovation, an execution philosophy and a mantra to build competitive and future ready business models. "We have unleashed a powerful energy that will be a catalyst for change," says Rajeev Dubey, President (Group HR, Corporate Services & After-Market).
As part of aligning philanthropy and social service, Mahindra has a new rallying cry, Rise for Good, which has a much larger scope putting together governance, community, environment, and people practicies in one bucket.
"Rise for Good is a holistic philosophy. We have even built some businesses like Mahindra Rural Housing Finance on the Rise for Good philosophy. We have even gone ahead and made investments in electric cars knowing it's not a money making proposition," adds B Karthik, Corporate Brand Management.
Of course, while the larger program of Rise for Good is being seeded in the organisation, standard sustainable activities like lowering energy consumption are chugging along. Twelve businesses logged a lower specific energy consumption as compared to the previous year; H2 Infinity, the water conservation program is gathering momentum; and the green house gas reduction targets were surpassed by 20 per cent. The Mahindra Group report states that companies that cumulatively contribute 85 per cent to the Group turnover have a functioning roadmap for sustainability.
So how does the Mahindra sustainability engine work? Given the federal structure of the group, some activities are taken up by the corporate office while some activities run individually.
Overseeing the sustainability and philanthropic efforts is a 20-member CSR council, that charts out the plans for the focus areas: the girl child, environment and public health. The group spends about Rs 160-170 crore a year and half the amount relates to projects like Nanhikalis, Mahindra Pride schools, Mahindra College of Engineering and the balance is spent on the communities where the group has operations.
Also read: ? Tata Motors drives CSR through healthcare and education
  To channelise its employees who were interesting in social work, the Mahindra group uses a volunteering initiative called ESOPS (Employee Social Options). "For us CSR is also about people giving their time," says Dubey.
Each location has an ESOP champion who coordinates the volunteers. And CSR activities are monitored at group level, company level and location level. "We have metrics which tell us how locations are doing in terms of efficacy and efficiency," says Dubey.
The Mahindra Group started putting out GRI reports seven years ago, when an institutional investor asked if it had a triple bottomline report. But for Mahindra it's just isn't about running an elaborate do good program. Like any business activity, the program is put under scrutiny.
Every month Dubey sends a report to every member of the GEC about the status of the CSR activities. "Almost every month, the maximum questions come from two individuals: Keshub Mahindra and Anand Mahindra." says Dubey.
Besides, audits are conducted regularly and independent organisations like Nirmala Niketan, TISS, BNHS are brought in to check the progress. " We want to know that if we are planting a million trees a year, how many survived? What difference is it making to the lives of people?" says Dubey. Looks like Mahindra is gunning for an A plus from Porter next time around.

Tata Steel uses Human Development Index to keep track of CSR in villagesIndia's Best Companies For CSR 2014: Tata Steel uses Human Development Index to keep track of CSR in villages
Megha Mandavia, ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 05.18AM IST
(Tata Steel MD TV Narendran…)
India's oldest steel maker Tata Steel says it is listening. It is listening to local communities around its factories and mines in Jharkhand, Odisha and Chhattisgarh. It is also keeping an ear out for its thousands of workers and miners. And it is doing so because being attentive to the needs of local stakeholders is in the interest of the steel magnate.
The top ranked company in the ET Futurescape-IIM Udaipur CSR survey 2014 believes that the culture of social responsibility has been hardwired in its DNA, thanks to the philosophy of its founder, Jamsetji Tata. "Our commitment to society stems from the guiding principles of our founder and we remain committed to facilitating inclusive growth and empowerment of communities around us," says managing director TV Narendran.
CSR may be a relatively new buzzword in India Inc but the company has been at it for over a century. At the heart of Tata Steel's CSR policy is Jamshedji Tata's dictum: a free enterprise, the community is not just another stakeholder in business, but is in fact the very purpose of its existence.
"As an organization and in our case as a manufacturing and a mining company, one will have some negative footprint. We have to reduce, minimise, mitigate and even offset some of the impact that we have not just on the environment but also on the community," says Biren Bhuta, chief, CSR, Tata Steel.
Also read: Tata Chemicals spends Rs 12 cr on CSR every year; wildlife conservation tops priority
Tata Steel's project Mansi focusing on maternal and newborn survival is underway in 167 villages of Seraikela district and has brought down the infant mortality rate by 26.5 per cent and neonatal mortality rate by 32.7 per cent.
The company is in the process of scaling up this programme. It is also launching its ''1,000 schools project'' in Odisha, aimed at improving the quality of education in government primary schools.
The concept of CSR in India is gaining ground not only because of the government directive mandating companies to allocate 2 per cent of their net profits but also because industrial projects are increasingly facing headwinds of social unrest. CSR offers companies a chance to build goodwill in local communities.
"Undoubtedly CSR earns a lot of goodwill and a lot of traction from multiple stake holders, including your labour unions, workers and contractors, and also local communities, government officials," said Bhuta. "There will be people who believe we haven't done enough and we take that. We have created forums, where we listen to communities."
In recent years, Tata Steel's CSR programs have adopted a bottom-up approach to development and most of the initiatives are designed and delivered through grassroots engagements with village panchayats, say company officials.
Also read: Tata Motors drives CSR through healthcare and education
Tata Steel's CSR interventions are more participative in nature now. The company has also developed a Human Development Index, which it uses to assess the effectiveness of its interventions in villages. "Tata Steel through its CSR penetrates internal areas where even other development agencies have not reached. They especially have the interests of the tribal population in mind," says Joe Madiath, a social entrepreneur, who is best known as the founder of awardwinning NGO Gram Vikas in Odisha.
Madiath is also on Tata Steel's CSR advisory board. Tata Steel's CSR team is 550-people strong and is run like a professional company. At the beginning of every year, after consulting various stakeholders including the government, communities, panchayats, Tata Steel puts together a business plan for the year. The plan is reviewed by the managing director TV Narendran and the board of directors.
CSR is viewed like any other line function in the company, said Bhuta. Employees work on their targets, key performance indicators and budgets. However, Bhuta is says the 'entitlement mindset' of communities is challenging. "That to me is not development. From a sarkari mai-baap, you become a corporate mai-baap. It is a difficult problem to crack but we need to put our heads into how we build this thing in communities that they need to participate in the development process rather than just we passive recipient. It will make it more sustainable."

Community development and road safety propel Marutis CSRCSR fund
(In addition to providing…)
Vipul M Patel hails from Ghej village of Gujarat's Navasari district. An ITI-trained motor mechanic, Patel did a computer course in order to get a job. But there were none in sight. On the prodding of a friend who had passed out from All Gujarat Institute of Driving, Technical Training and Research, Patel joined the driving course too. He now works as a full-time driver in a travel agency in his district, making Rs 6,500 a month. "I plan to buy my own vehicle and run it as a taxi," he says.
Stories such as Patel's abound in great measure at auto major Maruti Suzuki. The company closely works with Ministry of Tribal Development in Gujarat to train young people like Patel in driving. While the company's driving training efforts elsewhere in the country are aimed at road safety, the facility near Vadodara approaches driving as an employment opportunity. In addition to providing driving training, Maruti also imparts training in personality, hygiene, courtesy and communication.
The beneficiaries are, therefore, housed in a residential facility during the entire training period. So far, over 5,000 young tribals, mostly landless farm workers and unskilled construction workers, have been trained, groomed and employed.
Also read: How the 100 firms for India's Best Companies For CSR 2014 were selected
According to RC Bhargava , Chairman, Maruti Suzuki , who sits on the three-member CSR board, the fundamental philosophy driving CSR at Maruti centers around long-term sustainability of the business for all stakeholders. "We manufacture cars and it is very difficult to isolate the environment and resources, including people, which aid in the manufacturing process," he says.
The argument opens up three vistas of investment for the car major in CSR—community development, skill development and road safety. Across plant locations, Maruti has gradually woven an ecosystem based on development, be it around water and sanitation or education. So depending on social needs, the company undertakes projects, such as availability of clean drinking water or upgrading waste management facilities.
"Our approach has always been to work on the real needs of the communities, like school education, sanitation and health awareness," says K Ayukawa, Managing Director & CEO, Maruti Suzuki.
In partnership with the local community and government, Maruti upgrades the infrastructure of government schools apart from offering scholarships to meritorious students from underprivileged and economically weaker communities. And as a direct link to its business, Maruti does offer scholarships to children orphaned as a result of road accidents.
Also read: CSR for Mahindra Group is a mix of strategic philanthropy, shared values & sustainability
The business linkage to Maruti's social work just doesn't end there. Besides upgrading government vocational and technical training institutes, it goes an extra mile to enhance skills in the auto sector. It provides industry exposure to both students and staff of ITI and enhances skills of students at various polytechnics, creating employment opportunities in automobile service workshops.
The other area for Maruti is, of course, road safety where it imparts skill development in driving as well as road safety education. Apart from training people on road behavior, there needs to be better enforcement of rules. "We must use modern technology rather than policemen for road safety," says Bhargava, adding that Maruti is keen on implementing road safety rules through technology in a mid-sized city, such as Indore. "We must modernize our traffic management."
Now Maruti follows an interesting approach while allocating resources for such social projects. The board of the company ensures that every financial year, Maruti spends at least 2 per cent of the average net profit made during the immediate three preceding financial years. And that number today tots up to Rs 50 crore. The unutilized CSR budget, or the surplus, is parked in the 'CSR Fund' that the company has created and does not make a comeback to the business as profit.
With resource allocation in place, the company enters into partnerships with the government, communities and other partners, like NGOs, to crack projects, thereby setting up dedicated teams for implementation.
But the entire process starts from the recommendations by the threemember CSR Committee, which formulates and recommends CSR policy to the board for approval, monitors the policy and recommends changes from time to time, recommends the amount of expenditure to be incurred on CSR projects and institutes a transparent monitoring mechanism for implementation of the projects undertaken by the company.
What next? That's a question weighing on RC Bhargava's mind ever since Prime Minister Narendra Modi initiated the 'Swachh Bharat' (Clean India) campaign. "In the campaign, maintaining toilets will be a bigger challenge and so we want to take up some schools in some of the tehsils or taluks through mobile vans, specially meant for toilet maintenance," he says. The mobile vans, of course, will be Marutis.

Abhishek reminisces old times with father Amitabh Bachchan; Big B with late Sitara DeviAbhishek reminisces old times with father Amitabh Bachchan; Big B with late Sitara Devi
VIJAY DINANATH CHAUHAN! The name is enough, isn't it?
And guess, who's the lucky guy who has lived all his life under the guidance of the megastar Amitabh Bachchan. It's his son Abhishek and he proudly says it. He went back in time and recalled his moments on the sets of the 1990 movie 'Agneepath'. He tweeted this picture and captioned it, "So I got to hang with this guy when I was a kid... VIJAY...DINANATH...CHAUHAN!! Poora naam." (Source: Twitter)
That's another cute memory of Abhishek with his dad. Awww! (Source: Twitter)
Amitabh Bachchan reminisced his memory of a Holi celebrated with legendary Kathak dancer Sitara Devi, who recently died. Big B posted this picture on his facebook page and captioned, "An amazing memory of HOLI being celebrated at RK Studios -
Raj ji, Shammi ji, and the great Sitara Devi, who just passed away yesterday, and me ..
In the middle is Joginder known artist .. of mostly Punjabi films .." (Source: Twitter)
That's Big B with his father - Late Harivanshrai Bachchan. (Source: Twitter)
Late Raj Kapoor and Shashi Kapoor take centre stage with Amitabh Bachchan during their visit to Tashkent. (Source: Twitter)
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan took to facebook to share some of his oldest memories with veteran actors like Dharmendra, Shashi Kapoor and Manoj Kumar.
The first picture shows Big B meeting Dharamji when he started working again after his accident on the sets of the movie 'Coolie'.
"Kuch purani tasveerein ..
1982 ki Coolie accident ke baad jis din kaam shuru kiya usdi Dharam ji mujhse set par milne aye," he captioned it. (Source: Facebook)
The next picture shows Big B with actors Shashi Kapoor, Manoj Kumar and Deven Verma standing and conversing in a huddle.
"Ye shayad "Roti Kapda Makaan' ke kisis function ki hai .. Shashi Kapoor, Manoj Kumar, aur mai .. aur shayad Deven Varma, " he wrote. (Source: Facebook)
The ‘Shamitabh’ trio: A picture of the cast of R. Balki’s ‘Shamitabh’ has finally been released. While Amitabh Bachchcan sports a long grey hair and a full beard, Dhanush looks sharp in a black coat and dark glasses. Kamal Haasan’s daughter Akshara who marks her debut with ‘Shamitabh’ is pictured looking pretty in a light coloured sleevless dress. The film is slated to hit screens by February 6, next year. (Source: Twitter)
Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan has had a busy past few months with his numerous projects including shooting for reality game show 'Kaun Banega Crorepati 8', television series 'Yudh' and R Balki's 'Shamitabh'. The actor shared a number of pictures from the sets of the forthcoming film on his blog. (Source: Amitabh Bachchan’s blog)
For the film, Amitabh Bachchan is seen sporting grey messy hair, a full beard and black eyeliner. (Source: Amitabh Bachchan’s blog)
Amitabh Bachchan has previously worked with R. Balki in films like ‘Cheeni Kum’ and ‘Paa’. Both performances saw the actor experimenting with his looks. (Source: Amitabh Bachchan’s blog)
Amitabh Bachchan had previously stated that it was tough to maintain his rigged unkept look for the film. (Source: Amitabh Bachchan’s blog)
The actor, who has just wrapped up the film's shoot, also shared a picture from shooting some kind of altercation scene for ‘Shamitabh’. (Source: Amitabh Bachchan’s blog)
'Shamitabh' will also star actor Dhanush and mark the debut of Kamal Haasan's younger daughter Akshara Haasan, who can be seen in this shot. (Source: Amitabh Bachchan’s blog)
Pictured here, Amitabh Bachchan looks dark and deadly. (Source: Amitabh Bachchan’s blog)
Amitabh Bachchan recently wrapped up shooting for 'Shamitabh' and has already moved on to his next project. (Source: Amitabh Bachchan’s blog)
Related

PMO sets Jan 15 deadline for quantification of agriculture subsidiesDisinvestment: Govt eyes fatter share sale kitty in 2015; gets Rs 18k cr in 2014
The Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) has sought quantification of all subsidies and support measures extended to India’s farm sector under the World Trade Organization’s (WTO) Agreement on Agriculture.
“It would be useful if this exercise is completed in two months time, i.e. by 15.1.2015”, a letter from the principal secretary in the PMO, Nripendra Misra, has said, adding that “this quantification is a first step in understanding the extent of support that this sector needs”.
The letter, dated November 17 and accessed by The Indian Express, is addressed to the secretaries of the departments of commerce, agriculture, food & public distribution, fertilisers, and expenditure.
The proposed exercise’s timing is significant, considering that the WTO’s General Council, its highest decision-making body, on Thursday agreed on striving for a “permanent solution” to the issue of public stockholding for food security purposes by December 2015.
This agreement — also allowing for the implementation of a global trade facilitation pact that obliges WTO members to streamline their customs procedures for expediting clearance of goods at ports — will now set the stage for protracted negotiations on the type and extent of subsidies permissible under national food security programmes.
India, in its most recent filing before the WTO on September 10, had submitted that its total domestic support for agriculture was $56.13 billion in 2010-11, which included $13.81 billion towards public stockholding for food security purposes. India, until now, has been maintaining that its farm sector subsidies are exempt from any reduction commitments under the WTO, while claiming “Green Box” protection with regard to public food stockholding.
Those opposing this stance have, however, contended that food security-linked stockholding programmes are trade-distorting when they involve procurement of grain from farmers at above market prices.
They have, accordingly, demanded that any such programmes shouldn’t end up affecting prices and volumes on world markets — especially through subsidised exports from public stocks.
The PMO letter has asked the concerned departments to “study the existing support measures for agriculture, examine the possibilities that are there under the Agreement on Agriculture for promoting agriculture, classify all the ongoing support activities in the context of the various permissible and regulated activities under the WTO, and suggest possible changes and improvements that may be needed in future”.
The agreement reached at Geneva on Thursday provides for a “peace clause” that will remain in force until a permanent solution to the public stockholding issue is worked out. During this period, member-countries cannot drag each other to the WTO’s dispute settlement body for any alleged breaching of farm subsidy limits on account of food security-linked stockholding.
The original “peace clause” adopted at the WTO’s Bali ministerial conference last December was only temporary until 2017. But after India’s strong intervention, the WTO General Council has decided on making it open-ended, pending the finding of a “permanent solution”.
At the same time, the Council has agreed to push for a permanent solution by the end of 2015.
TAGS: Agriculture World Trade Organization
More from economy
CBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case CBI has examined former Finance Minister P Chidamabaram in connection with the Foreign Investment Promotion Board...

New human case of H7N9 bird flu in ChinaBy: Reuters | Shanghai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:24 am
China confirmed a new human infection of the deadly H7N9 avian influenza virus, state news agency Xinhua said, the first case this winter in the southern province of Guangdong.
A 31-year-old woman surnamed Deng, from the provincial city of Dongguan, was confirmed on Friday to have been infected with the virus, Guangdong’s health and family commission said in a statement on its website. The patient, in critical condition, is being treated in the provincial capital of Guangzhou, it added.
The H7N9 bird flu first infected three people in China in March 2013. Since then, it has since infected more than 450 people, killing 175 of them.
In March, police in southwestern China detained three people for spreading rumours about the bird flu strain.

Phillip Hughes tragedy: Gabba million miles awayBy: Express News Service | Mumbai/sydney |
Posted: November 29, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 10:05 am
The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) secretary Sanjay Patel has written to Cricket Australia informing them that the Indian board has left the future of the first Test at Gabba in Brisbane , scheduled to start next Thursday, in the aftermath of the Phil Hughes tragedy , entirely up to Cricket Australia.
The board secretary has assured CA that the BCCI will abide by whatever decision that the home board takes.
“I have mailed Cricket Australia and we have told them that it’s up to them to decide whether to play the first Test or not. Whatever CA will decide we will abide by it. We all understand what the players are going through at this stage. It’s such an unprecedented thing to happen. As a fellow board, we are with the CA and their players in these tough times,” BCCI secretary Sanjay Patel told The Indian Express. The second practice game between India and Cricket Australia XI was called off after the Hughes incident and Cricket Australia’s chief executive officer James Sutherland on Friday said that the Gabba Test seemed “a million miles away” as the players continued to grieve for their friend and team-mate Hughes.
Patel said that BCCI is yet to receive any intimation about the first Test and he is expecting a reply in the coming days.
“The whole cricketing fraternity is in shock. He was a very fine cricketer who possessed the talent and temperament to have a long and fruitful international career that has been snatched by a cruel twist of fate. We are waiting for CA’s response but whatever they decide will be our decision too,” Patel added.
Sutherland acknowledged that the BCCI had been extremely supportive given the tragic circumstances. “We’ve been in constant contact with the officials from the Indian cricket board and I’ve got to say that their understanding and empathy has been absolutely outstanding,” Sutherland said.
“They completely understand the situation. They’re doing everything they can to do that. They’ll prepare themselves in the best way possible. They understand that these are unique and extraordinary circumstances and I guess if the Test match goes ahead, both teams will have a very different sort of preparation. Everyone wants to know about cricket and when it goes on, and what’s happening,” Sutherland said in Sydney on Friday morning.
“We all love cricket and no one loved cricket more than Phillip. Cricket will go on, and it will go on when we’re ready. continued…

UIDAI to take help of EPFO to meet enrolment...You are here: Home > Collections > Epfo
UIDAI to take help of EPFO to meet enrolment target
Yogima Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
AADHAAR
(A review showed that barely…)
NEW DELHI: The Unique Identification Authority of India has roped in the Employee Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) for the enrolment of its 8.5 crore members as it prepares to meet the target of generating Aadhaar-for-all by March 2015.
The need for involving the EPFO as a registrar was felt after an internal review by the retirement fund organisation showed that barely 10% of the EPF members under the universal account number (UAN) programme were seeded with Aadhaar, the unique identification number being issued by UIDAI.
At present, for 4.2 crore Universal Account Number (UAN) issued by the EPFO, only around 42 lakh Aadhaar numbers have been uploaded while another 21 lakh have been digitally verified by the employers since the start of the facility on October 16.
"It was noted that under the recently implemented UAN programme, the seeding of Aadhaar number in the UAN database of EPF members is very low. Hence, a meeting was recently held between UIDAI and the EPFO during which it has been decided that EPFO would sign up as registrar to enroll EPF members, who do not have an Aadhaar number," a senior government official told ET. According to the official, generation of Aadhaar under the UAN programme will help to identify the member across his different employments.
"The Aadhaar number issued by UIDAI is one of the important KYCs being seeded to extend a number of direct services to the member," he added. EPFO, which has a corpus of Rs 6.5 lakh crore, offers its members three benefits that include a lump sum EPF benefit at retirement, a monthly pension income and a life insurance cover during their working careers.
However, there have been instances in the past where members have not turned up to claim their dues after leaving jobs. Hence, the labour ministry had last month launched the UAN programme which will track employees across the globe and at any job.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Supreme Court suggests higher parking fee  cess on cars to cut pollutionDisinvestment: Govt eyes fatter share sale kitty in 2015; gets Rs 18k cr in 2014
The Supreme Court on Friday impelled the Centre to act urgently on “second generation reforms” and consider charging extra cess on privately-owned diesel vehicles and higher parking charges, among various other measures, to curb pollution in Delhi.
The court urged the Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF) to also consider advancing Euro IV and implement measures such as restricting use of private transport through additional charges, limiting use of diesel, augmenting public transport system and making commercial vehicles not destined for Delhi bypass the city.
A three-judge green bench, presided over by Chief Justice H L Dattu, directed Additional Solicitor General Maninder Singh to submit the MoEF’s response on an application moved by amicus curiae senior advocate Harish Salve.
“The request made by amicus curiae be considered and implemented. ASG is to take instruction from the office of Central government. He will persuade persons concerned to look into the suggestions and, if possible, implement them,” the bench said while fixing the matter for January 9.
Salve had told the court that pollution levels in Delhi had reached an alarming stage and was increasing unabated. He also stated that ever-growing particulate matter in the air has started causing severe respiratory diseases.
“Delhi has lost the gains made through the introduction of clean fuel — CNG — as current pollution levels are high and toxic. It is clear that the city needs to do urgent, drastic and long-term second-generation reforms to reduce this burden,” Salve said.
Salve also read out from a report prepared by Environment Pollution (Prevention and Control) Authority, which demonstrated the rise in pollution level in the national capital and also suggested measures to contain the menace.
An analysis of the air quality data, the report pointed out, revealed that there were at least 25 days of “severe pollution” between October 1 and November 26.
“Severe pollution days mean that the PM 2.5 level was over 250, which is four times higher than the prescribed standard. On certain days, the level was over eight times higher than the standard — which clearly means that not only was the level severe but it also touched emergency levels,” the report stated.
The report further said the Centre was required to advance the introduction of Euro IV (Bharat stage IV) across the country from its current schedule of 2017 and they must now answer regarding the schedule.
The bench noted that all these issues were of utmost importance and that the government should submit a detailed response, making its stand clear.
TAGS: Pollution Supreme Court
More from economy
CBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case CBI has examined former Finance Minister P Chidamabaram in connection with the Foreign Investment Promotion Board...

Can OPEC get Rajan to cut rates | OPEC move spells windfall for IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections
Can sliding oil prices help change RBI governor Raghuram Rajan's mind on cutting rates?
MC Govardhana Rangan, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 10.51AM IST
Tags:
gdp
MUMBAI: Can OPEC succeed where two finance ministers and years of corporate lobbying could not — persuade RBI to cut rates?
The Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries decided not to impose any limits on the amount of crude being pumped despite a 38% crash in prices as it sought to combat shale oil, sending prices sliding even further. However, the consensus forecast is still that RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan will hold the repo rate at 8% when he announces the monetary policy on Tuesday. But the consensus doesn't necessarily have to be correct, especially in a rapidly evolving situation.
Forget about the CPI reading in October, or even the second-quarter GDP growth number. That's not what will determine whether an interest rate cut is around the corner. Instead, it's the inflation forecast for early 2016 by a group of economists in executive director Michael Patra's team.
So these are the odds to be watched. What are the chances of RBI economists forecasting 6% retail inflation by January 2016 and easing after that? Pretty high. This will be in contrast with the forecast of 7% by March 2016 made on September 30 but based on the assumption that crude will be at $100 a barrel. Six of the seven assumptions of the RBI argue for a lower inflation forecast. Only the rupee has bucked the trend — it's depreciated below the assumed 60 to the dollar.
"If we were to compare the RBI's inflation projection chart and the actual inflation trend, it would indicate that the current inflation is already 1.5 per centage point lower than the RBI's projection,'' said Morgan Stanley's Chetan Ahya. "After 1Q 2015, we expect CPI inflation to decelerate to 6% by April 2015 on a sustainable basis," much ahead of RBI's January 2016 target. To be sure, at the heart of the debate is not whether CPI-measured inflation has fallen below the January 2016 target of 6%, but whether it will remain so beyond that date and move toward 4% after that, in line with the glide path indicated by the Urjit Patel committee. With the central bank's model unlikely to throw up something dramatically different from what private economists are forecasting, how would the man who frowns at any comparison with celebrated inflation warrior Paul Volcker react?
When his target of 8% for 2015 looked achievable, Rajan said he wasn't in the mood to party since his mind is on the 6% target for 2016. With even the 6% looking achievable, assuming prices do not reverse quickly, what will Rajan do? In fact, he indicated in August what his course of action could be. "If early next year, given all that has happened, given government actions, if we think inflation will hit 6% before 2016, and stay that way, then we have room to cut rates even if at this point itself inflation has come down but is still above 6%," Rajan had said. "It is not that we have to touch 6% to cut interest rates but have to project 6% to cut rates."
  Regardless of timing, an interest rate cut is a given — it's reflected in the fall in the yields of benchmark government bonds which have slid 106 basis points from their peak this year to 8.06%. A basis point is 0.01 per centage point. Even the many who were forecasting a cut after April next year are beginning to advance their expectation of when this could happen.
"Timing is a judgment call," said A Prasanna, economist at ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Ltd. "I can't say that the chance of a rate cut now is zero per cent."
Of course, monetary policy decisions are not just influenced by economic models, but judgment calls on how the economy is likely to behave. To be sure, household inflation expectations are still high at more than 15%. Information on the enhancement of supplies of protein-rich products, an item that pushed up CPI, is flaky. Positive real interest rates need to sustain for a longer term if an economic revival is to be supported by domestic savings.
The consensus that Rajan will hold rates arises from his statements that he doesn't want to repeat the mistake of reducing rates early and then reversing equally quickly when inflation turns.
Manufacturing prices won't surge given that input prices have eased substantially and that producers have not much pricing power given that demand is also weak. Can crude oil prices reverse their slide? Will food prices jump?
International analysts are forecasting another 10-15% fall in crude oil prices. Even if this reverses, it's unlikely to race back to $100 a barrel anytime soon, given weak growth in Europe, Japan as well as China. The US recovery can be fed by shale oil.
Internally, the government is on its way to achieving its fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of GDP this year. Fuel prices have been decontrolled. Farm prices are climbing slower than in the past with minimum support prices being raised about 5% instead of the double digits that were the norm during the Manmohan Singh government. Furthermore, food prices are easing with the government reducing its stockpile. Although Rajan may hold rates until evidence accumulates about low inflation levels sustaining, some are praying that he springs a surprise. So will he?
This is what he said on September 4, 2013, as he took over as governor: "Reserve Bank of India should be a beacon of stability as to its objectives. That is not to say we will never surprise markets with actions. A central bank should never say 'never'!
FEATURED ARTICLES

Austin shooting: Man fired more than 100roundsBy: Associated Press | Austin |
Posted: November 29, 2014 11:39 am
Police have not released details on the criminal background of the gunman who allegedly attempted to set the Mexican Consulate in Austin ablaze and fired more than 100 rounds at downtown buildings before he died. Austin police identified the shooter as Larry McQuilliams, 49. They said he had a criminal record but didn’t elaborate.
Investigators were trying to determine his motives after he began shooting at the consulate, Austin police headquarters, the U.S. courthouse and other locations on Friday. Some of the buildings are near the popular Sixth Street entertainment district, where bars close at 2 a.m., about the same time the shootings began Friday. Police Chief Art Acevedo noted that thousands of people are typically on the street at that time.
“Many, many rounds were fired in downtown Austin,” Acevedo said. “With all the people on the streets, we’re very fortunate. I give thanks that no one but the suspect is injured or deceased.”
Mexico’s Foreign Relations Department issued a statement expressing “profound concern and condemnation” of the attack, but also said “there is no evidence the shots were exclusively directed at our facility.” Acevedo said a sergeant who was holding the reins of two police horses after his patrol shot the gunman just outside the main entrance to police headquarters. But Acevedo said it’s not clear if police fatally shot the suspect or if he took his own life. The entire incident lasted about 10 minutes from the first call, Acevedo said.
Officers approached McQuilliams after he had been shot, but noticed cylinders in his vehicle, which was nearby, and discovered he was wearing a vest they thought may be rigged to explode. Officers retreated and a bomb squad was called. It was later determined the items were not explosive.
The fire at the consulate was extinguished before any significant damage was done to the building. The federal courthouse’s guard house was shot several times, as was police headquarters, which Acevedo said was “extensively damaged.” A police tactical team later went to an Austin apartment complex where McQuilliams lived as precaution.
The FBI was also was participating in the investigation. Officers at the scene were seen removing about a dozen small tanks of propane, the type used in camping and the type police said was used in the attempt to set fire to the Mexican Consulate.

Ayushmann Khurrana to co-star with Shahid Kapoor in UdtaPunjabBy: Entertainment Feature Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 11:21 am
Reports were rife that Emraan Hashmi will be seen sharing screen space with Shahid Kapoor in Abhishek Chaubey’s next tentatively titled ‘Udta Punjab’. It’s now been said that ‘Vicky Donor’ actor Ayushmann Khurrana has replaced Emraan and will co-star with Shahid in the movie.
The movie is a suspense-thriller and is most likely to go on floors in 2015. Shahid, who is busy with Vikas Bahl’s ‘Shaandaar’, is the main lead in the film. Ayushmann has, reportedly, given the look test of the movie.
Abhishek Chaubey has previously directed movies like ‘Ishqiya’ and ‘Dedh Ishqiya’ and ‘Udta Punjab’ is also going to be on the same lines as his earlier works – edgy and dark.

Why shifting processes online won t ease up businessSearch for:
To clear business hurdles, fix political funding
November 29, 2014, 5:48 am IST ET Edit in ET Editorials | Companies , Edit Page , India , Times View | ET
21
The government’s plan to move to an online system for project clearances by April next year is welcome. A transparent and hassle free regulatory environment will aid investment and growth, but the government should not be under the illusion that paperwork alone creates delay. Businesses suffer due to corrupt politics — that is the root cause of India’s low score in international rankings in the ease of doing business. The sad reality is that the proceeds of corruption fund Indian democracy. Hurdles in the path of setting up and running a business are in place so that rents can be collected for their removal. These rents go to fund politics and politicians, with civil servants as ancillary beneficiaries. Unless this system of funding politics changes, it is difficult to see business getting done with anything that can be called ease in India. Institutionalising political funding is the key.
To expect politicians to mend their ways on their own is naïve, although the Aam Aadmi Party has shown that parties can, indeed, be funded openly and transparently. Industry must take the lead, and finance political parties only through transparent, fully accounted and audited ways. Investors will find India hospitable when industry stops releasing funds that feed into the pool of corruption. Today, some of India’s biggest industrial houses make zero political contributions. On paper, that is. In reality, industry is the largest financier of politics but chooses to remain anonymous. Modesty alone does not explain such reticence. State favours remain business fixes
The proposed national portal will allow entrepreneurs to apply for and track the status of all permits and licences online, and eventually on mobile phones. That’s welcome, but the government also needs to slash the number of approvals — currently 81 at the state-level and another 133 at the Central level. Projects are stuck because of complex and outdated state regulations on land acquisition, mining rights, environment and so on. Other factors responsible for India’s low ranking that include inefficient enforcement of contracts and outdated insolvency laws should also be fixed.
This piece appeared as an editorial opinion in the print edition of The Economic Times.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Sri Lanka Navy rescues IndianfishermenBy: Press Trust of India | Colombo |
Posted: November 29, 2014 11:49 am
At least three Indian fishermen have been rescued by the Sri Lankan Navy off the northern coast, a top Naval official said on Saturday.
Naval spokesman Kosala Warnakulasuriya said the boat of the fishermen had broken down mid seas off northern Jaffna peninsula’s Madagal area on Friday night.
They were rescued by the Navy and were taken to Jaffna’s Delft islet.
Early this month, President Mahinda Rajapaksa pardoned five Indian fishermen who were arrested for alleged heroin trafficking.

NDA targets BSP  BJD & AIADMK to push its Insurance bill |  Cut fuel cost  not subsidyCentre unleashes strategy to ensure that insurance bill panel submits report by December 12
CL Manoj, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 12.08PM IST
Tags:
AIADMK
(Centre unleashes a multi-pronged…)
NEW DELHI: The government is working on a strategy to ensure that the select committee on insurance submits its report by the December 12 deadline for it to push through the bill in the ongoing Parliament session. NDA has also mounted a hunt to mop up numbers in the 15-member select committee by focusing on vulnerable regional parties. NDA has accelerated its efforts after sensing an opposition plot to seek another extension of the Rajya Sabha select committee beyond the current deadline.
NDA is confident that panel chairman Chandan Mitra would be able to submit report within the deadline. The ruling side will insist from Tuesday that the panel go ahead with its scheduled meetings if they find the quorum and not wait for majority members to be present. As per rules, presence of four members will fulfil the quorum and it won't be difficult for NDA to ensure that. BJP has three members — Mitra, VP Singh Bhadnore and R Ramakrishnan — and partner SAD one, Naresh Gujral . Also, Indp member Rajiv Chandrashekhar is a supporter of the bill.
NDA's second strategy is to build support within the committee so that its report could be presented before the House. "We are trying to ensure the committee proposes a report that carries the majority support in the panel. Those who disagree may submit their own separate reports (dissenting notes)," said a source in the ruling front. NDA is unlikely to face any problem in passing the Bill in the Lok Sabha as it has a clear majority in the Lower House. But it is facing a test in the Rajya Sabha, where it is short of numbers.
The line-up in the panel gives the sources an impression that it is divided into three blocks: five members — BJP, Akali Dal and Chandrashekhar — clearly backing the Bill and six others opposing it — three from Congress , one each from Trinamool, CPM and JD(U). The third, and the most crucial in tilting the balance, comprises one member each from AIADMK, BJD, SP and BSP. These parties are being "worked on" by the pro- and antibill groups in this battle for majority.
During the monsoon session, AIADMK member V Maitreyan had moved an amendment opposing the proposal to hike the FDI to 49% and that amendment still stands before the panel. In between the monsoon and winter sessions, the most important factor in AIADMK was the conviction of party chief J Jayalalithaa in a corruption case, who is now out of jail on bail. "We will have to see whether this factor impacts the AIADMK stand ," said an opposition member on the panel.
The BJD member, sources say, has of late been showing a kind of understanding with NDA, incidentally, at a time when CBI probe into the Saradha chit fund scam has reached Odisha, where the party is in power. "Unlike Mamata who had declared war on the NDA regime over the CBI raids and arrests in the case, the BJD camp is showing no such belligerence," said a panel member.
The remaining two members belong to parties which UPA had managed to extract support from when it was in power. The recent regrouping of the Janata Parivar — JD(U), SP, RJD, JD(S) and RLD — seems to have made SP so far remain in the company of JD(U) and others opposed to the bill. Mayawati has made it clear that BSP will take a final call at an appropriate time, giving an impression she is keeping the option of backing the bill open, depending on the ruling side's ability to offer a deal. NDA's plans to get the bill through in the panel and in the House depend on its ability to work on three key regional and wavering parties: BSP, BJD and AIADMK.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sponsors worried as SC suggests CSK s removal from IPLSponsors worried as Supreme Court suggests CSK's removal from IPL
By Nandini Raghavendra, Ravi Teja Sharma & Amit Bapna, ET Bureau | 29 Nov, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Alarmed sponsors stand to lose a great deal if CSK exit after the court’s prod. Brands are also eyeing a way out of any relationship with the team.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: The possibility that N Srinivasan-backed Chennai Super Kings (CSK), the most successful team in the Indian Premier League (IPL), could be disqualified has caused considerable disquiet among sponsors of both CSK and IPL. The Supreme Court on Thursday suggested CSK's ouster in course of hearing on the Mudgal panel report on betting and match-fixing in the IPL.
With the matter being in court - the next hearing is on December 1- almost all brands associated with CSK, be it Vodafone or Aircel or Amazon , declined to comment Yet, those closely associated with these brands and others associated with IPL admit they are worried and working out strategies which may also include plans to exit the sponsorship. The only brand that scraped through unscathed is Reebok, whose association with CSK ended this year with the Champions League. "Our contract ended and with our repositioning of Reebok as a fitness brand we will now only deal with fitness brands," said its brand director, Somdeb Basu.
Experts like Harish Bijoor are clear, "The first reaction of brands that are associated with CSK will be to hedge their bets and get out of this relationship. Brands want to be sure the teams or entities they are backing are clean and sustainable. To my mind, every brand will already have firmed up a backup plan."
One of those hardest hit if disqualification were to happen is Multi Screen Media (MSM), which is the official broadcaster of IPL, as the number of matches would get reduced. Also because of CSK's popularity, viewership could be hit. MSM has paid Rs 725 crore to BCCI for TV rights.
"Historically, given the presence of Dhoni and Tendulkar, CSK and Mumbai Indians games have been the most viewed. It stands to reason that TV ratings could be affected; likewise with sponsorships, central and team-related," said MEC India MD, T Gangadhar.
There are those that see a brighter side. Unni Krishnan, founder of Long Brand Consulting argues, "In the IPL today, trust flows among stakeholders have dissipated and this trust deficit is due to governance. As a result of such an intervention by the court, every stakeholder will more attention to how governance is being maintained by the teams."

PM Modi has made a very good start  says Mangement Guru Ram CharanE-mail
MindRush 2014 presents a common platform to amalgamate the brightest of the business ideas which form the core of India Inc and can take it to new heights. But there is a Guru for all disciples and all ideas. This event too witnessed the presence of one who enthralled all with his speech and persona. Ram Charan, world-renowned business advisor, author and speaker spoke in the 'Idea Incubator' segment with a do-and-tell session on fitness.

Cricket Australia confirms Gabba Test delay  Phillip Hughes funeral on December3By: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:21 am
Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes will be buried in his home town on Wednesday, Cricket Australia said on Saturday, forcing the indefinite postponement of the Test match against India which was scheduled to begin the following day.
Hughes, 25, died on Thursday as the result of a catastrophic injury he sustained when struck on the head by a ball during a domestic match, triggering a wave of mourning in Australia and around the world.
Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland said it would have been unreasonable to expect the players to get the four-Test series underway less than 24 hours after Hughes was laid to rest in Macksville, New South Wales.
“Their welfare is our absolute priority. They are grieving and to expect that they could play a high-pressured, five-day Test match the following day is out of the question,” he said in a statement.
“We appreciate the incredible understanding and support of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI). It has been nothing short of outstanding during these difficult times.”
Ticket sales for the match at the Gabba in Brisbane had been suspended and a new date would be set after consultation with the BCCI, broadcasters and stadium officials, Sutherland added.
Australia captain Michael Clarke earlier gave a graphic illustration of the raw emotions of the players when he broke down repeatedly while paying tribute to his friend.
Battling to hold back tears, he read out a statement on behalf of the players at the Sydney Cricket Ground, where Hughes suffered his fatal injury on Tuesday.
“Words cannot express the loss we feel as a team right now,” Clarke said.
NUMBER RETIRED
“We are going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. He epitomised what the baggy green was about and what it means to us all.
“The world lost one of its great blokes this week and we are all poorer for it.”
Clarke said the players had requested that Cricket Australia retire Hughes’s one-day international number, 64.
“They agreed. That means so much,” he added. “His legacy of trying to improve each and every day will drive us for the rest of our lives.
“Our dressing room will never be the same. We loved him and always will. Rest in peace bruzzy.”
Cricketers and fans around the world paid tribute to Phillip Hughes via a social media campaign by leaving their cricket bats out and sharing a picture with the message #putoutyourbats on Twitter
Tributes continued to flood in from around the world for Hughes and an indication of how deeply his death has affected his fellow professionals came in Sharjah, where Pakistan are hosting New Zealand in a Test.
The second Test had been postponed for a day after Hughes died and there was no celebration of wickets or centuries when it resumed on Friday.
“The game was irrelevant at that stage, that was just a natural reaction by a group of people whose mind was elsewhere,” New Zealand coach Mike Hesson told reporters in Sharjah.
“We didn’t bowl any bouncers and that was to show respect.”
Back in Australia, Hughes was not forgotten as Saturday morning cricket was played across the country in blazing sunshine, as it has been for more than a century.
ROW OF BATS
Cricket Australia has encouraged teams at all levels to remember Hughes and both the score he had accumulated when the fatal blow struck him, 63 not out, and his Test number, 408, were much in evidence on pitches around the country.
At a match between Sydney Boys and Shore schools in Centennial Park, just a stone’s throw from the SCG, a row of bats topped with cricket caps were lined up beside the pitch in tribute.
Cricket at the elite level has yet to resume with senior club matches cancelled in Sydney and Adelaide, where Hughes played his state cricket for South Australia for the last couple of years.
The fate of the first Test against India had been in the balance even before Hughes died of his horrific injury as many of the Australia team were among his closest friends.
TV rights make an incoming tour by the India Test team by far the most lucrative in the world game so cancellation of the Brisbane match is unlikely.
There is precious little room for manoeuvre, however, with the second Test scheduled to take place in Adelaide from Dec. 12-16 with the third starting on Boxing Day (Dec. 26) in Melbourne and the fourth in Sydney running from Jan. 3-7.

Bengaluru grads create an automated spoon that picks up food & feeds it to the patientThe disorder damages the motor control centres of the brain, restricts body movement and renders little kids incapable of performing mundane tasks.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BENGALURU: Children afflicted with cerebral palsy often skip school, not because they don't want to study but because lunch time becomes an embarrassing affair for them. The neurological disorder damages the motor control centres of the brain, restricts body movement and renders little kids incapable of performing mundane tasks like eating food and wearing clothes.
Rashida Taskin, 19, saw the plight of her two elder brothers every day as they suffered from this condition and was inspired to come up with Spoonful, a solution that helps cerebral palsy patients eat with dignity. With her team of four graduates, she developed an automated spoon that picks up a morsel of food from the table and feeds it to the patient.
At a recent conference, Taskin asked people to pry out a mobile phone from their pockets while their hands were locked behind their backs. "Now try and imagine this feeling for the rest of your lives," said the bio-medical engineer, who is currently pursuing her third year of engineering at Manipal Institute of Technology.
Her team developed a first prototype in three-and-a-half weeks for Rs 1,000. The final version is expected to cost less than Rs 3,000 - which is just a fraction of the price charged by global players Meal Buddy and Winsford Feeder .
Spoonful had mentors from MIT, courtesy the program that they were a part of. They were serial entrepreneur Kiran Ratnapu, recent MIT graduates Parag Vijay and Ranna Zhou, and Anirudh Sharma, who started LeChal, that makes haptic shoes for the blind.
The team got access to these mentors through MIT Media's Global Startup Labs programme which promotes development in emerging regions by cultivating young technology entrepreneurs.
"I think they're a strong team with a diverse background led by a passionate advocate," said Zhou, a recent graduate of MIT, who is currently working as an associate product manager at Google.
The project was selected in the final top 10 start-ups at IIM Bangalore's event called Disrupt It in August.
Taskin's solution comes at a time when Google has also forayed into assisted technology with a smart spoon - a device which helps those afflicted with Parkinson's disease eat with minimum hassles. In September, Google entered the biotech arena with the acquisition of Lift Labs for an undisclosed sum.
The product Liftware Spoon uses algorithms to sense how a hand is shaking and makes adjustments to keep the spoon steady. The spoon is said to have reduced shaking of the spoon bowl by 76% on average. Lift Labs was founded by an Indian American entrepreneur Anupam Pathak.
So how does Spoonful compare with Google's smart spoon? For starters, Google's smart spoon is much more advanced as it has electronics embedded within it. Taskin's solution is external to the spoon and the team has experimented with spoons that are 3D printed, plastic and steel ones as well.
"I love their (Google's) idea. But unlike Google, we want to make this generic solution, not aimed at a specific condition," said Taskin. She hopes the solution will be available across hospitals, and may even be used in luxury hotels for those too lazy to lift their finger.
Existing solutions come with a board attached, but Taskin wants to make it portable and compact. While the initial prototype weighed a bulky 600 grams, the final prototype is expected to be small enough to fit into a tiffin box.
Zhou of Google added, "With a lot of great industry collaboration, extensive field testing, and quick iterations, I think that Spoonful will be able to spearhead a renewed interest and increasing innovation in affordable assistive technology."
The team is yet to figure out a way to handle the diverse kinds of food Indians eat - from a roti to rice to noodles. "We are currently looking for angel funding to build the next prototype," said Taskin.

Ebola-free certificate must for some Africa...Nadda also informed the House about central teams being sent to various airports to inspect and ensure proper surveillance.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: India has issued advisories to its embassies in various Ebola affected African countries such as Senegal, Nigeria, Ghana, Ivory Coast and Niger, making it mandatory for all passengers travelling from these countries or those who have been treated for the disease to carry a certificate ensuring that there is no evidence of the virus in their body fluids, health minister Jagat Prakash Nadda informed Lok Sabha on Friday. Passengers will be required to carry these certificates from the health ministry of the country concerned.
The advisories were issued to the Indian embassies in Abidjan , Dakar , Abuja , Accra and Niamey last week on directions from Nadda. "Passengers who do not possess the certificate as mentioned... are advised not to travel to India for a period of 90 days from the day he or she is discharged from the treatment facility," Nadda said in a written statement.
The move comes after the semen sample of an Indian, who came from Liberia to India earlier this month, tested positive for the deadly virus. While the man's other body fluids tested negative and he was quarantined at the airport, this alarmed authorities. The health ministry took immediate measures to deal with Ebola and stop it from entering the country.
Nadda also informed the House about central teams being sent to various airports to inspect and ensure proper surveillance. "Guidelines on setting up of isolation facilities, screening of travelers and disinfection procedures etc have been provided to the states/airports and ports," Nadda said.
Besides, the Centre has also provided personal protective equipment required for handling Ebola affected persons to states. Isolation facilities have also been identified in various states to tackle any crisis.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Government eases curbs on gold imports  scraps 80:20 scheme80:20 scheme
(“It has been decided by…)
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: In a move that should cut premiums on gold, lower prices for buyers and cut smuggling, the government unexpectedly scrapped a rule imposed in August last year mandating that a fifth of all the precious metal imported should be re-exported.
The Reserve Bank of India issued a notification late on Friday withdrawing the norm imposed on August 14, 2013, to reduce the yawning current account deficit and relieve pressure on the rupee that had weakened sharply. At the time, emerging markets had come under pressure because of talk about the US Federal Reserve winding down its stimulus programme.
"It has been decided by the government of India to withdraw the 20:80 scheme and restrictions placed on import of gold," the Reserve Bank said.
The rule, along with the high customs duty of 10% — raised in stages to that level last year — had led to a rise in smuggling, besides distorting imports.
The government said the current account deficit is no longer a concern so there is no reason to keep the curb in place.
"Why continue with the emergency measure when the current account deficit is under control?" said a government official, adding that it had become counter-productive, leading to distortions and illicit imports.
The current account deficit narrowed to 1.7% of GDP in FY14 from 4.7% of GDP in the year before and is likely to stay at this level in the current fiscal year as well.
As of October, smuggled gold worth Rs 208 crore had been seized, about double theRs 107 crore caught in all of FY14.
The government was also concerned that the rule was encouraging importers to hoard gold, causing a distortion in trade. Friday's decision to scrap the restriction took the bullion markets by surprise as they were anticipating a tightening of rules following a surge in gold imports in October to around 114-115 tonnes from less than 25 tonnes a year. Speculation had been rife over the past few weeks about such a move. "This will reduce premiums on gold and bring down smuggling considerably," said Sudheesh Nambiath, senior analyst at precious metals consultancy GFMS Thomson Reuters.
However, there is expectation in some quarters that the government may impose suitably non-distorting curbs if imports remain high."The scrapping of the scheme altogether is a correct measure taken by RBI and domestic curbs will likely be imposed. Let them do that judiciously as we are concerned about our exporters, who should get seamless supply of yellow metal," said Pankaj Parekh, vice-chairman, Gems & Jewellery Export Promotion Council. Premiums on gold are collected by nominated agencies and other authorised importers such as star and premium trading houses that import the yellow metal on a consignment basis for supply in local markets. When supply is tight, premiums rise, and vice-versa.
Bullion dealers in Mumbai said premiums had collapsed from $8-10 an ounce to virtually zero after news of the government decision was aired on the electronic media.The price of spot gold, excluding 1% value added tax, polled by commodity exchange MCX stood atRs 26,140 per 10 gm, down Rs 157 from the previous close. The active December contract, which is nearing expiry on the bourse, fell by Rs 230 to .`26,017. Futures and spot prices tend to converge around delivery time.Last year, India imported 825 tonnes of gold. In January-September period, gold imports stood at 525 tonnes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Business Today picks India s Best CEOsBusiness Today picks India's Best CEOs
Manu Kaushik        Last Updated: November 29, 2014  | 14:51 IST
From left to right: Manpreet Singh Chadha, joint MD, Wave Infratech,  N Chandrasekaran, TCS CEO and MD, management guru Ram Charan and  Aroon Purie, Chairman and Editor-in-Chief, India Today Group. Photo: Shekhar Ghosh
The 2014 edition of the Business Today Best CEO awards ceremony turned out to be a spectacle that celebrated the achievements of the captains of India Inc.
The award ceremony began with Business Today Editor Prosenjit Datta explaining the methodology of selecting the winners for this year to a huge gathering of corporate leaders. Datta said that in choosing the winners, several performance parameters were taken into consideration.
Only companies with more than Rs 1,000 crore revenue in the BT500-BT's listing of the country's most valuable companies by average market capitalization from April to September-were included in the study.
FULL COVERAGE: MindRush 2014
A total of 20 winners were awarded in 22 categories. The awards were presented by India Today Group Chairman and Editor-in-Chief Aroon Purie, management guru and CEO coach Ram Charan, and Manpreet Singh Chadha, Vice Chairman at Wave Group.
Anand Mahindra , Chairman and MD of Mahindra & Mahindra, was awarded two awards-Best CEO (Very Large Companies) and Best CEO (Auto & Auto Ancillaries - Large Companies).
IT firm TCS' CEO N. Chandrasekaran also won two awards - Best CEO (Very Large Companies) and Best CEO (IT & ITES - Large Companies).
Other prominent winners of the evening included G.V. Prasad, Co-Chairman & CEO, Dr Reddy's Laboratories, winner of Best CEO - Large Companies; Siddhartha Lal, MD & CEO, Eicher Motors, winner of Best CEO (Mid-sized Companies - Auto & Auto Ancillaries); H.M. Bangur, MD, Shree Cement, winner of Best CEO (Mid-sized Companies -Cement); and Keki Mistry, Vice Chairman & CEO, HDFC, winner of Best CEO (Large Companies - Financial Services); Harsh C. Mariwala, Chairman, Marico, winner of Best CEO (Mid-sized companies - FMCG); G.M. Rao, Founder and Chairman, GMR Group, winner of Best CEO (Mid-sized companies - Infra & Engineering); Glenn Saldanha, Chairman and MD, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, winner of Best CEO (Mid-sized companies - Pharma and Healthcare); and Himanshu Kapania, MD, Idea Cellular, winner of Best CEO (Large Companies - Telecom).

State banks to take $15.6-bn hit on coal verdict: GovtManoj Kumar and Devidutta Tripathy        Last Updated: November 28, 2014  | 15:00 IST
A Supreme Court order scrapping most coal extraction permits given to companies would have a likely impact of Rs 96,484 crore ($15.6 billion) on state-run lenders, state finance minister told Parliament on Friday.
The government had deduced the impact of the cancellation of the so-called coal block allotments on banks due to likely stoppage of power production, Jayant Sinha said in a written reply to a lawmaker question on bad loans for state banks due to the verdict.
It was, however, not clear whether he was referring to an increase in bad loans or loan exposure of banks to affected companies.
Bankers and analysts have previously said it was difficult to quantify the increase in bad loans as the scrapped coal blocks will be returned after March and as all the loans to the affected companies may not turn sour.
Sinha said bad loans of state lenders were a provisional 5.32 per cent of total loans as of end-September, while that of private sector lenders was a provisional 2.04 per cent.
Bad loans of state banks in coal industry was 0.23 per cent as of end-September, while for private banks it was 0.22 per cent.
(Reuters)

Xiaomi launches Redmi Note in IndiaChinese smartphone manufacturer Xiaomi on November 24, 2014 launched Redmi Note phablet in India at Rs 8,999.
ADVERTISEMENT

Skype brings  picture-in-picture  feature to Android appSkype brings 'picture-in-picture' feature to its Android app
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: November 28, 2014  | 11:02 IST
Photo: Reuters
A new update to the Skype App will now allow android users to do away with the video chat window and move on to something more intriguing.
The picture-in-picture feature was already available on Android tablets but was long overdue on phones.
Microsoft is now introducing the feature on android via the latest update to its Skype app, reported PC World.
The update will also enable users to format text in instant messages and receive photos sent from iPhone Skype users. It also includes the obligatory bug fixes that typically come with a version upgrade.

Finance Minister to Urge Rajan For Rate Cut on Monday: SourcesBofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
New Delhi: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will meet Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan on Monday to urge a cut in interest rates when the central bank holds a policy meeting the next day.
"A rate cut is needed now," a senior Finance Ministry source told news agency Reuters. He spoke on condition of anonymity. "It can help the auto and housing sectors."
Gross domestic product figures for the quarter to September, due out on Friday, are expected to show that economic growth slowed from the prior quarter, the source also said.
"The second quarter (of the fiscal year) is always challenging. The number could be lower than in the first quarter."
Mr Rajan will present the central bank's bank's bi-monthly monetary policy review on Tuesday.
A cut in interest rates could help the government by boosting the economy at a time when inflation has fallen to a multi-year low.
Sources said Mr Jaitley could nudge Mr Rajan to lower the cost of capital to prop up growth.
The RBI has kept policy rates unchanged for almost 10 months citing high inflation despite a persistent demand from industry and government for a cut to boost economic activity.
In an interview to PTI last week, the Finance Minister said, "The cost of the capital must be reasonable ... If you are unable to infuse liquidity or unable to provide capital which is cheaper, then even if you have opened out (economy), that itself won't be enough. So it is a chain of events which has to take place," he had said.
"...it's their (RBI) job to balance rates with inflation. I am sure they will do it competently. But the fact is this is the direction we have to take," he had said.
Inflation based on the Wholesale Price Index cooled to a 5-year low of 1.77 per cent in October driven by a fall in the prices of fuel and food items. At the same time, retail inflation, based on Consumer Price Index, also eased to 5.52 per cent at the end of October.
Story first published on: November 27, 2014 16:11 (IST)

Avantha Sells 8.3% Stake in Crompton Greaves for Rs 1 000 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Avantha Sells 8.3% Stake in Crompton Greaves for Rs 1,000 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 28, 2014 00:02 (IST)
New Delhi: Avantha Holdings today offloaded 8.3 per cent stake in Cromptom Greaves for over Rs 1,000 crore to lower debt.
Cromptom Greaves (CG) is Avantha Group company engaged in power sector.
"Avantha Holdings today sold 5.2 crore shares amounting to 8.3 per cent stake in CG through open market," CG informed in a regulatory filing to the stock exchange.
After the sale, Avantha Holdings' stake in CG is down to 32.54 per cent from 40.84 per cent.
Shares were sold on an average price of Rs 192.61 apiece, valuing the transaction at Rs 1,001.57 crore.
Following the transaction, CG shares plummeted 6.11 per cent to close at Rs 191.95 on the BSE.
Earlier this week, Adani Power entered into a binding agreement with Avantha group to buy out its Korba West unit for more than Rs 4,200 crore.
Korba West Power owns a completed 600 MW coal-based power plant at Korba, and an expansion phase is in progress.
The $4 billion Avantha Group is has business interests in diverse areas, including pulp and paper, power transmission and distribution equipment and services, food processing, farm forestry, chemicals, energy, infrastructure, information technology (IT) and IT-enabled services.
Story first published on: November 28, 2014 00:01 (IST)

Vodafone  Airtel Fined Most for Tariff  Number Portability Rules ViolationsYou are here: Home Corporates
Vodafone, Airtel Fined Most for Tariff, Number Portability Rules Violations
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 29, 2014 00:23 (IST)
SpiceJet Allowed to Take Bookings Till March 31 by Regulator
New Delhi: Telecom operator Vodafone has been fined the most for violations of tariff rules till date, while Bharti Airtel has been penalised the maximum amount for breaching mobile number portability (MNP) norms.
Vodafone, India's second largest telecom operator, has been penalised over Rs 6 lakh for charging customers on new tariff without informing the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) in time, as per details presented in a written reply to a Rajya Sabha question.
Other companies fined for this include Aircel (Rs 2.3 lakh), Reliance Communications (Rs 2 lakh) Airtel (Rs 50,000) Tikona (Rs 25,000), Loop Mobile (Rs 20,000) and D-Vois Broadband (Rs 30,000).
"The Telecommunication Tariff order provides that all tariffs are to be reported to TRAI within 7 working days from the date of implementation. It also provides for financial disincentive of Rs 5,000 per day for each day delay subject to a maximum of Rs 2 lakhs," Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said in the Rajya Sabha.
With regard to mobile number portability, which allows subscribers to change their service providers while retaining the same number, all the telecom operators except state-run firms BSNL and MTNL have been found to have violated rules.
The maximum penalty for contravention of MNP regulation has been imposed on Airtel (Rs 4.6 crore), followed by Aircel (Rs 1.57 crore).
Incidentally, Airtel, Vodafone and Idea Cellular are among the biggest gainers of MNP regime in terms adding new subscribers from other operators.
Idea's net gain of subscribers at the end of October 2014 stood at over 1.25 crore, followed by Vodafone (1.04 crore), Airtel (50 lakh) and Reliance Telecom (over 3.84 lakh), data released earlier showed.
Vodafone has also been fined Rs 1 crore for MNP norms violation, while Idea has been penalised about Rs 54 lakh, followed by Tata Teleservices (Rs 19 lakh), Loop Mobile (Rs 2.41 lakh), Reliance Communication including Reliance Telecom (Rs 55,000), Uninor (Rs 12,500) and Videocon including Quadrant (Rs 29,000).
Separately, around 13 companies have been penalised for violation of telemarketing call and SMS rules.
"TRAI has imposed financial disincentives on 13 companies for over Rs 27 crore. The amount outstanding as of now is over Rs 19 crore. The outstanding is because of various representations from the telecom service providers," Mr Prasad said.
Penalties of over Rs 6.5 crore have been imposed on telecom operators for providing below standard quality of service. The name of telecom service providers were not disclosed in the reply.
Story first published on: November 28, 2014 23:31 (IST)

Supreme Court Seeks Centre s Response on Law Declaring Bad LoansBanks Asked to Cover Jan Dhan Accounts, RuPay Cards Gap
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Friday sought a response from the Centre and State Bank of India (SBI) on a plea challenging the constitutional validity of certain provisions of a law under which a bank declares an account under non-performing assets (NPA).
A bench headed by Justice J Chelameswar issued notices to the Ministry of Finance and SBI on the plea seeking quashing of some provisions of Securitization and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest (SARFAESI) Act, 2002 and guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
The plea has been filed by Jivrajbhai P Surani, Virjibhai Kukadia and Bhagwan Bhai Kukadia, the guarantors of the loan taken by the erstwhile M/s JB Diamonds Limited. JB Diamonds Limited has now gone under liquidation.
The plea claimed that between 2008 and 2009, credit facilities were granted to the firm by a bank consortium and till date, interest to the tune of nearly Rs 390.55 crore and other bank charges have been paid.
"However, despite this, the Petitioner's account has been arbitrarily declared as NPA," it said.
The petitioners have sought issuance of "a writ of mandamus" to quash Section 2 (1) (o) of SARFAESI Act on the ground that it is ultra vires to the Constitution.
Even NPAs can again become performing assets if the borrower makes certain payment towards the outstanding amount to the creditor banks, the plea said.
Story first published on: November 28, 2014 21:53 (IST)

Sebi Wants Cash-Rich Firms to Have Dividend Distribution PlanSpiceJet Allowed to Take Bookings Till March 31 by Regulator
Mumbai: With many big corporates sitting on huge cash piles, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said on Friday that it wants listed companies to have a dividend distribution policy and hoarding of cash should be discouraged.
Sebi Chairman U K Sinha said the regulator is working on a proposal to encourage companies to distribute a certain amount of dividend among shareholders for a certain profit made by them.
He, however, added that this should not mean that the entire cash should be distributed by the companies.
"Nobody is asking that the entire cash should be paid, but there should be a dividend policy so there is some amount of certainty that if a company is making an X percentage of profit, then so much will be distributed."
"We are working towards it, and will take some time, it is in initial stage," Mr Sinha said here at a conference on corporate governance.
The comments come at a time when a large number of companies including Infosys, Bajaj Auto and Hero are said to be sitting on large cash piles. There have often been demands that companies with large cash balances should either distribute dividend or use the cash for other business needs. Noting that there is a strong investor sentiment worldwide against companies hoarding cash and being stingy with dividend payouts, Mr Sinha said Sebi is "looking at a method to incentivise corporate India to have a dividend distribution policy".
"The world over there is a strong demand and that you are seeing at corporate boards and in annual general meetings there is strong demand that cash hoarding should be discouraged," he added.
Pointing out that there is "no declared dividend policy in the country", Mr Sinha said shareholders have been demanding that the regulator ensure that at least there is a dividend policy.
On the new delisting norms announced by the Sebi board last week, Mr Sinha said the endeavor is to relax the regulations and make it easier for the companies.
Countering arguments that the new norms were more stringent than the previous ones, he said, "I think they have been relaxed. Earlier, when we came through our takeover regulations, it prescribed that if you reach over 75 per cent and reach 90 per cent, then to de-list you have to first bring down your stake below 75 per cent and then you have to file another paper for delisting."
"There was a two stage process. Don't forget that now in one stroke we have removed that requirement which means if a company has decided to get de-listed they can indicate its willingness right in the beginning. The two stage process has been reduced to one stage process now," he said.
He also said that in the new process, there would not be any pricing pressure from the promoter groups or other shareholders.
With regard to recent reports and speculations about tightening of norms for Foreign Portfolio Investors and P-Notes, Mr Sinha said Sebi has only issued some clarifications and there was nothing new in effect in the regulations.
"Earlier there could be a situation where FIIs had less than 10 per cent stake but the sub-accounts together could get away with it. Now the government has come out with a policy on what is FII and FDI investment clearly mentioning the 10 per cent cap. So, we have to bring out a clarification," he added.
He also dismissed apprehensions that the new norms could affect foreign inflows, saying the fear is completely misplaced.
"We have done a very detailed analysis of the data and please be rest assured that it will not impact the inflows. On the contrary you should be worried that so much more inflows will be coming into the country," he added.
On Sebi planning to issue some guidelines on preventing wilful defaulters from accessing any funds, Mr Sinha said, "We have floated a discussion paper on what action should be taken by Sebi on those who have been declared as wilful defaulters by bankers.
"Our worry is that if somebody has been a labelled as a wilful defaulter, then how safe is it to allow the same person to raise money from retail investors. We want views of the people and will evaluate after that," he added.
Story first published on: November 28, 2014 23:37 (IST)

Voda moves court against DoTNov 28, 2014, 09.40 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Voda moves court against DoT
Court has issued a notice to the Department of Telecommunications. Vodafone's licence expires in December next year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Voda moves court against DoT
Court has issued a notice to the Department of Telecommunications. Vodafone's licence expires in December next year.
Post your opinion here
 
Vodafone on Friday moved the court against the telecom department's decision to "not" extend its licence in six circles.
Court has issued a notice to the Department of Telecommunications, or DoT. Vodafone's licence expires in December next year.
RELATED NEWS

Pakistan must move beyond shaking hands to improve ties: Rajnath SinghPakistan must move beyond shaking hands to improve ties: Rajnath Singh
IANS | Nov 29, 2014 at 07:55am IST
Srinagar: Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said that India wants to have good neighbourly relations with Pakistan, but cautioned that mere shaking of hands would not restore such relations between the two countries.
Addressing a Bharatiya Janata Party election rally in Uri town on phone after inclement weather prevented his scheduled arrival to the border town in Kashmir, he said: "Our Prime Minister (Narendra Modi) shook hands with the Prime Minister of Pakistan (during SAARC summit yesterday). But just shaking hands won't help. The hearts should come together.
"Our Prime Minister took the initiative to help Pakistan at the time of the floods but Pakistan refused the offer. Instead, they started firing on the border as a result of which five to six of our people lost their lives."
Singh said the atmosphere of terrorism has been going on for a long time in Jammu and Kashmir and an entire generation has been its victim.
Rajnath Singh said the atmosphere of terrorism has been going on for a long time in Jammu and Kashmir and an entire generation has been its victim.
"Hundreds of families have been destroyed. I want to assure you that once you elect the BJP government in the state, we will take Jammu and Kashmir out of the shadows of terrorism.
"We will not allow Kashmir, which was once known as heaven, to become a hell," he said.
Targeting the state government, he said the Central government had to step in to provide relief to flood victims.
"The Prime Minister visited the state immediately and announced a special package but whatever we gave, we gave that to the state government and I cannot say if you got some relief or not. You know better than me," he said.
Rajnath Singh sought a decisive mandate for the BJP in the state Assembly elections, charging the Congress, National Conference and the People's Democratic Party with trying to deceive voters by installing fear about his party in the minds of the people of Jammu and Kashmir.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Calcutta High Court appointed officers at Amit Shah rally siteNov 29, 2014 at 11:59am IST
Calcutta High Court appointed officers at Amit Shah rally site
6
0
Kolkata: The special officers appointed by the Calcutta High Court to enforce civic statutory norms for building the stage for the proposed Amit Shah rally on Sunday have started inspecting the site of meeting.
The officers, DG (Fire Services) and Joint Commissioner (Development) of the Kolkata Municipal Corporation, are being assisted by a senior officer of the Kolkata Police as directed by the court.
On behalf of the BJP, the party's leader Tathagata Roy, who is also a structural engineer, is present as an expert to implement those statutory norms for building of that stage.
On behalf of the BJP, the party's leader Tathagata Roy, who is also a structural engineer, is present as an expert to implement those statutory norms for building of that stage.
#amit shah #rally #mamata banerjee #tmc
The Mamata Banerjee government which was planning to appeal against the single bench order delivered by the High Court on Friday has not filed its application yet.
The appeal was supposed to be made before the division bench of the Chief Justice Manjula Chellur, but she has already left Kolkata for a pre-scheduled engagement. The appeal, if filed, is now likely to be heard by a special bench of the acting Chief Justice Asim Banerjee.
But with every passing minute, the possibility of an appeal is getting bleaker since Saturday is a normal holiday at Calcutta High Court and for this appeal to be heard special arrangements have to be made.
0

Andy Murray defends coach AmelieMauresmoBy: Agence-France Presse | Manlia |
Posted: November 29, 2014 12:45 pm
Andy Murray has defended coach Amelie Mauresmo after former British number one Tim Henman said the Scot had not been “playing the right way” recently, questioning the partnership.
Henman claimed earlier this month that double Grand Slam winner Murray, who has slipped to sixth in the world rankings, was letting his opponents dictate matches and needed to play more offensively.
“(It’s) certainly not true, her telling me to play defensively, so I don’t agree with that,” former world number two Murray told reporters in Manila.
The 2013 Wimbledon winner was in the Philippine capital to play in the International Premier Tennis League (IPTL), a faster-paced, television-friendly format of the sport.
He said Mauresmo always tells him to play “aggressively”.
“That’s the sort of mindset and style that I want to play,” the 27-year-old added.
Murray in June turned to former female world number one Mauresmo, like him a Wimbledon champion, after predecessor Ivan Lendl brought an end to their hugely successful association.
The results have been less than spectacular, a fact Murray doesn’t dispute — although he insists it is too early to judge Mauresmo’s impact.
“Sometimes this year it hasn’t been possible, but you know we’ve only spent six or seven weeks together since Wimbledon,” Murray said of Mauresmo.
“Yes, there was a few periods of the year where I played a couple of bad matches, where my level dropped and I wasn’t expecting it.”
“It wasn’t my best season but it got better as the year went on,” Murray said, adding he played “solid” at Wimbledon and the Australian Open.
After Murray was whitewashed by Roger Federer at the ATP Tour Finals, Henman said his friend had to be “proactive” and “more offensive” on court.
“I haven’t seen them (Murray and Mauresmo) practise but, to me, I don’t think he has been playing the right way,” Henman said.
But Murray insisted his game was on the right track.
“The next sort of five, six weeks in the off-season and the buildup to the Australian Open I’ll get to practise some things and work on some stuff,” he said.
“Next year, hopefully, my consistency will be a little better.”
In the IPTL Murray is playing for the Manila Mavericks team alongside women’s world number two Maria Sharapova.

With Phillip Hughes funeral likely to be held next week  Gabba Test should be pushed back three days: AllanBorderBy: Press Trust of India | Melbourne |
Posted: November 29, 2014 12:26 pm
Former captain Allan Border feels next week’s first Test between Indian and Australia should be pushed back by three days so that the players can take part in the funeral of Phillip Hughes.
Border said the first Test, which is scheduled to begin on December 4, should go on but it can start on December 8.
“The game must go on but I do have some misgivings about the timing of the first Test against India, starting next Thursday. With Phillip’s funeral likely to be held next week, I think the Gabba Test should be pushed back three days to give players more time to grieve,” Border said.
“The players will all want to go to the funeral to send off their mate. I don’t think they can be in the right frame of mind for a Test match at such a time,” he wrote in his column appeared on ‘Herald Sun’.
Border said that if the Gabba Test was pushed back to start next Sunday, “it would give everyone a chance to deal with things without being rushed”.
“The second Test in Adelaide could then be pushed back three days, and none of this would impact on the Boxing Day or New Year’s Tests,” the former captain said.
Hughes died in a Sydney hospital on Thursday after being hit by a bouncer bowled by Sean Abbott in a domestic Sheffield Shield match on Tuesday and that plunged Australia as well as the whole world into grief.
Four Test players — David Warner, Shane Watson, Brad Haddin and Nathan Lyon — were on the field when Hughes was struck and they have already said that they are not in perfect state of mind to return to competitive cricket, which put the opening Test in doubt.
Border said he felt for Abbott who must be feeling terrible after the tragic incident.
“As tough as the first steps will be, I hope Abbott’s NSW teammates can coax him back into the practice nets at some stage. That is where his journey back to cricket will start. From the moment Sean released the ball at the SCG the other day, what happened was out of his hands. There was nothing he could do. My heart bleeds for him,” said Border, one of the most successful captains in history.
“I really don’t know how Sean is going to return to cricket — let alone bowl a bouncer again. I can’t imagine any situation in sport that would be tougher than what this young guy is going through. He will probably find himself replaying things over and over in his head and thinking about Phillip Hughes, ” Border said.
“It is going to be very difficult. But let’s all hope that he comes through this OK and part of continued…

E-visa facility will encourage businesses to travel to India: Australia India BusinessCouncilBy: Press Trust of India | Melbourne |
Posted: November 29, 2014 12:21 pm
Indian government’s decision to offer e-visa facility to international tourists from 43 nations will encourage more businesses to travel to the country and spur growth, Australia India Business Council has said.
“This certainly is a great initiative as it will encourage many more businesses to travel more readily to India which will in the long run contribute to a stronger Australia-India business & trade relationship,” AIBC national vice chair Sheba Nandkeolyar said.
Welcoming the government’s decision of offering e-visa facility to international tourists from 43 nations, including Australia, Nandkeolyar said the new move would contribute to “stronger business and trade ties between the two sides.”
“We often receive desperate calls from Australian businessmen who request us to help them expedite their business visas to visit India for business purposes,” she said.
“E-visas on arrival would make it much easier for businessmen to travel to India,” Nandkeolyar said adding that, “AIBC is very pleased with the launch of this new initiative.”
She said the new initiative would also open up medical tourism and spur tourists growth for India.
“Truly a very strong message to the world that India is getting rid of complicated  ways and embracing more simplified and easier ways in keeping with today’s lifestyle,” Nandkeolyar said of the decision.
Earlier this week, the government announced the much-awaited electronic-visa system for visitors from 43 countries, including the US, Australia, Brazil, Germany, Japan and Russia.
A tourist from these countries would now be able to apply for an e-visa through the designated website and pay the fee online to get an Electronic Travel Authorisation (ETA) within 72 hours.
The facility will be available initially at nine airports — Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Bengaluru, Kochi, Thiruvanthapuram, Hyderabad and Goa.
The addition of 43 countries is the first phase of the roll out and more countries will soon be added.
E-visa will be valid for 30 days and a tourist can avail the facility twice a year.
Prime Minsiter Narendra Modi on his recent visit to Australia also signed an agreement on promoting tourism with his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott.
Modi had further sought Australian investment in the tourism sector, especially cruise tourism.

Pakistan airstrikes kill 11militantsBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: November 29, 2014 12:14 pm
Pakistani fighter jets pounded the Taliban hideouts in restive northwestern tribal region, killing at least 21 militants, officials said on Saturday.
The attacks carried out on Friday targeted several hideouts of the Taliban linked militants groups in remote Tirah valley area of Khyber tribal district.
Security officials said that eight militants belonging to the Tariq Afridi group and another three of Lashkar-i-Islam were killed in the attacks. Several hideouts were also destroyed in the strikes.
Pakistan launched operation against the militants in Khyber last month and has so far killed over 150 militants. Most of those killed belong to Lashkar-e-Islam which is controlled by Mangal Bagh, who is an ally of the Taliban.

Patna Stampede: Probe panel holds district administrationresponsibleWritten by Santosh Singh | Patna |
Posted: November 29, 2014 1:13 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 2:14 pm
Two-member team of Bihar home secretary and additional director general of police who probed 3 October Dussehra stampede at Patna’s Gandhi Maidan fixed cumulative responsibility for lapses on Patna district administration, police, traffic police and Patna Municipal Corporation. Thirty three persons were killed in the stampede that took place during Ravan Vadh function because of darkness and rumours of livewire hanging at exit gate.
Principal secretary home Amir Subhani said the report that was submitted to the chief minister recommended the government to construct four big gates with watch-towers at Gandhi Maidan. “We have also recommended that senior oofficils must be deputed to monitor big events at Gandhi Maidan and proper lighting arrangement and security and evacuation plan must be put in place to help avoid any untoward incident in future”, said the home secretary. Additional director general of police (headquarters) Gupteshwar Pandey was another member of the probe team.
Subhani idetified darkness in large part of Gandhi Maidan and rumour around hanging cable wire taken for livewire and no proper exit plans main reasons for the stampede. Asked why no individuals were identified for lapses, Subhani said: “It was cumulative responsibility of district administration, district police, PMC and traffic police to ensure sound arrangements. We found several magistrates had been absent from their duties. It is up to the government to take action against erring officials”.
 

Beijing bans smoking in publicspacesBy: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: November 29, 2014 1:10 pm
Beijing has adopted a smoking ban in all indoor public spaces including workplaces and public transport.
The official Xinhua News Agency reports the ban will go into effect on June 1 and carry a fine of up to 200 yuan or $32.50. The Standing Committee of Beijing Municipal People’s Congress passed the draft regulation Friday.
China is home to the most smokers of any country, with 300 million smoking and 740 million exposed to secondhand smoke every year. Xinhua says the number of smokers in Beijing alone exceeds 400,000 people.
The new regulations also ban outdoor tobacco advertisements and as well on TV and in films and newspapers.

Phillip Hughes funeral on December 3  Cricket Australia confirms first India-Australia TestdelayBy: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:21 am
Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes will be buried in his home town on Wednesday, Cricket Australia said on Saturday, forcing the indefinite postponement of the Test match against India which was scheduled to begin the following day.
Hughes, 25, died on Thursday as the result of a catastrophic injury he sustained when struck on the head by a ball during a domestic match, triggering a wave of mourning in Australia and around the world.
Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland said it would have been unreasonable to expect the players to get the four-Test series underway less than 24 hours after Hughes was laid to rest in Macksville, New South Wales.
“Their welfare is our absolute priority. They are grieving and to expect that they could play a high-pressured, five-day Test match the following day is out of the question,” he said in a statement.
“We appreciate the incredible understanding and support of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI). It has been nothing short of outstanding during these difficult times.”
Ticket sales for the match at the Gabba in Brisbane had been suspended and a new date would be set after consultation with the BCCI, broadcasters and stadium officials, Sutherland added.
Australia captain Michael Clarke earlier gave a graphic illustration of the raw emotions of the players when he broke down repeatedly while paying tribute to his friend.
Battling to hold back tears, he read out a statement on behalf of the players at the Sydney Cricket Ground, where Hughes suffered his fatal injury on Tuesday.
“Words cannot express the loss we feel as a team right now,” Clarke said.
NUMBER RETIRED
“We are going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. He epitomised what the baggy green was about and what it means to us all.
“The world lost one of its great blokes this week and we are all poorer for it.”
Clarke said the players had requested that Cricket Australia retire Hughes’s one-day international number, 64.
“They agreed. That means so much,” he added. “His legacy of trying to improve each and every day will drive us for the rest of our lives.
“Our dressing room will never be the same. We loved him and always will. Rest in peace bruzzy.”
Cricketers and fans around the world paid tribute to Phillip Hughes via a social media campaign by leaving their cricket bats out and sharing a picture with the message #putoutyourbats on Twitter
Tributes continued to flood in from around the world for Hughes and an indication of how deeply his death has affected his fellow professionals came in Sharjah, where Pakistan are hosting New Zealand in a Test.
The second Test had been postponed for a day after Hughes died and there was no celebration of wickets or centuries when it resumed on Friday.
“The game was irrelevant at that stage, that was just a natural reaction by a group of people whose mind was elsewhere,” New Zealand coach Mike Hesson told reporters in Sharjah.
“We didn’t bowl any bouncers and that was to show respect.”
Back in Australia, Hughes was not forgotten as Saturday morning cricket was played across the country in blazing sunshine, as it has been for more than a century.
ROW OF BATS
Cricket Australia has encouraged teams at all levels to remember Hughes and both the score he had accumulated when the fatal blow struck him, 63 not out, and his Test number, 408, were much in evidence on pitches around the country.
At a match between Sydney Boys and Shore schools in Centennial Park, just a stone’s throw from the SCG, a row of bats topped with cricket caps were lined up beside the pitch in tribute.
Cricket at the elite level has yet to resume with senior club matches cancelled in Sydney and Adelaide, where Hughes played his state cricket for South Australia for the last couple of years.
The fate of the first Test against India had been in the balance even before Hughes died of his horrific injury as many of the Australia team were among his closest friends.
TV rights make an incoming tour by the India Test team by far the most lucrative in the world game so cancellation of the Brisbane match is unlikely.
There is precious little room for manoeuvre, however, with the second Test scheduled to take place in Adelaide from Dec. 12-16 with the third starting on Boxing Day (Dec. 26) in Melbourne and the fourth in Sydney running from Jan. 3-7.

Wall Street Week Ahead: As energy shares tumble  opportunity lurksNov 29, 2014, 12.57 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
As energy shares tumble, opportunity lurks
An index of oil and gas exploration and production tumbled 8.15 percent on Friday as US crude fell almost 10 percent to around USD 66.36 per barrel to hit its lowest in 4-1/2 years.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
As energy shares tumble, opportunity lurks
An index of oil and gas exploration and production tumbled 8.15 percent on Friday as US crude fell almost 10 percent to around USD 66.36 per barrel to hit its lowest in 4-1/2 years.
Post your opinion here
 
Shale stocks have been hard-hit as investors see margins all but evaporating following the slide in crude oil prices, but the US shale energy boom is not over.
An index of oil and gas exploration and production tumbled 8.15 percent on Friday as US crude fell almost 10 percent to around USD 66.36 per barrel to hit its lowest in 4-1/2 years.
The slide came the day after oil cartel OPEC decided not to cut output in a meeting in Vienna. Prior to the decision, Saudi officials were reported as saying the kingdom, with its large currency reserves, was prepared to withstand oil prices as low as USD 70-USD 80 per barrel for up to a year.
But the weaker shale players may not have that long.
"We do not know if OPEC has ulterior motives to let oil prices drift lower and pinch the global (exploration and production) sector, or if reaching a consensus on cuts was just too challenging," wrote Wells Fargo Securities in a Friday client note. "What is clear is that lower cash flows are highly likely to translate into lower E&P spending."
US crude prices were catching up to Thursday's action in Brent as markets across the United States were closed for the Thanksgiving holiday. Friday's was a half-day session.
"We'll wait to see the trend next week when there's full market volume, however it's clear that as oil prices come down there will be pressure for the weaker of the companies in the sector, particularly exploration and the ones that are highly indebted," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey.
The overall energy sector of the S&P 500 fell 6.3 percent on Friday, adding to its year-to-date losses, now at 10.3 percent.
Fourteen of the sector's more than 40 stocks are within 2 percent of a 52-week low and the sector's weighting on the S&P 500 has dropped to single digits, closing below 8 percent after Friday's shellacking, according to Reuters data.
Nearly 90 percent of the sector's shares are trading below their 100-day moving average.
However, the sharp declines also create an opportunity.
"We recently moved from an underweight to a neutral weight rating in energy, so directionally we agree with the idea that this weakness is a buying opportunity, but it is very hard to tell where the bottom is," said Tony Roth, chief investment officer at Wilmington Trust in Wilmington, Delaware.
"Crude seems to have no floor right now, and we could easily see the price drop into the low USD 60s."
With the big stock price drops, others see a run to consolidation. The sector subindex is down 12 percent in 2014, with year-to-date losses of more than 20 percent in seven companies.
"I think we’ll see some healthy consolidation take place," said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin.
"Some may wither on the vine, but technology has improved to make it profitable to extract at a lower price point than last year. As a result, we’ll probably see some opportunistic buying."
Jacobsen and Krosby said the slide in oil prices and the sector's shares does not mean the boom in the energy sector in the United States is ending, but will likely enter a new stage of development.
"The renaissance isn't over," said Jacobsen. "It's just maturing."
RELATED NEWS

J&K elections: 45 Model Polling Stations set up in ReasiPress Trust of India | Nov 29, 2014 at 01:13pm IST
Jammu: To offer voters a pleasant and comfortable experience, 45 model polling stations have been set up in Reasi district where three Assembly segments will go to polls in the second phase of Assembly elections on December 2.
As per the guidelines of the Election Commission of India, district administration Reasi has set up 45 Model Polling Stations (MPS) in the district, District Election Officer Reasi, Shabir Ahmad Bhatt said.
Gulabgarh has 10 Model Polling stations, Reasi has 20 MPS and Gool Arnas has 15 MPS, he said.
Gulabgarh has 10 Model Polling stations, Reasi has 20 MPS and Gool Arnas has 15 MPS, he said.
"These polling stations will be equipped with furniture, sofas and chairs for seating, first-aid centers, help desks, facilities for differently abled and elderly voters besides special assistance desk for women and signage", he said.
"There will be no queues and instead token will be given to voters as per their serial number on arrival, added DEO.
He stressed upon the concerned officers for giving festive look to all model polling stations. He said that Booth Level Officers (BLOs) along with a team of five officials at each polling station will be responsible for voters friendly services.
"The aim is to boost voter turnout and also offer the voters a pleasant and comfortable experience," he said.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Delhiites give mixed response to ban on 15-year-old vehicles15
0
New Delhi: World Health Organisation (WHO) states that Delhi is the world's most polluted city. A city where average pollution level is eight times higher than the average. The National Green Tribunal Authority (NGTA) has banned all vehicles aged above 15 years from plying on the roads in the national capital.
To put a check on the deteriorating state of Delhi's air quality, the National Green Tribunal has put forth directions on Wednesday wherein all petrol and diesel vehicles that are older than 15 years will no longer be allowed to ply on Delhi roads. This means defaulting vehicles will be seized by authorities as per the Motor Vehicle (MV) Act.
Animita Roy Chowdhary, Executive Director at the Centre for Science and Environment said, "It is a welcome move but it has to be aggressive. This is a short term plan that is implemented but we need an action point that is more aggressive. Like how it is in Paris and China. They shut factories, reduce traffic at regular intervals. Only then there will be an impact."
#delhi #vehicles #who #delhi pollution
Delhi has more than 40 lakh vehicles on its roads and by 2040 the number is expected to hit 400 million. But once this law is implemented it will impact around 10 lakh vehicles which may not be an effective number.
The people have expressed mixed response to the order. Divya, a resident, said, "I have a well maintained car, how does one prove that my car is emitting more pollution as compared to a vehicle that's commercial and not maintained."
Vijainder Thakur, another vehicle owner, said, "The age of a vehicle cannot define emitting pollution. What about the pollution check certificate? If that indicates my car I fit why should I be fined?"
Not just cars are under the green court's scanner -- a stricter surveillance on overloaded trucks in the city has also been ordered -- along with fixing of restrictions on parking to avoid congestion. The NGT has also asked authorities to immediately work on building cycle tracks in most parts of the city and to study the possibility of installing air purifiers at marketplaces.
The new action plan ordered by NGT has had mix reactions. Even though experts welcome the fact that NGT has taken interest in cleaning Delhi's air, the fact is that with the onset of winter the air quality data has gone four times higher than the standard. Therefore besides ideating, NGT needs to review and monitor this action plan effectively to reduce the pollution levels in the capital.
6

Blast in Manipur kills oneNov 29, 2014 at  01:08pm IST
Blast in Manipur kills one
5
0
Imphal: One person has been killed in an explosion that occurred in Manipur's Lilong (Thoubal) region on Saturday, a day ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit.
Modi who will arrive in Guwahati later in the day is scheduled to visit Manipur on Sunday afternoon for an inauguration event.
More information awaited.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

BSE ranks among top ten stock exchangesBombay Stock Exchange ranks among world's top ten stock exchanges
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 28, 2014  | 14:55 IST
Photo: Reuters
Leading bourse Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE)on Friday cemented its position among the ten largest exchanges of the world in terms of total market capitalisation of listed firms, after hitting a milestone of Rs 100 lakh crore for the first time.
The BSE ranks at 10th position globally with a market cap of over $1.6 trillion, crossing Rs 100-trillion mark in the rupee terms for the first time ever. It is the largest exchange in the world in terms of number of listed companies.
Another Indian bourse National Stock Exchange (NSE) ranks 11th in terms of market capitalisation of its listed companies, as the number of firms on its platform is lower than that of the BSE.
The leading US bourse NYSE is on the top with a total market cap of $19.1 trillion, as per the latest data from World Federation of Exchange (WFE) as on October 31, 2014.
It is followed by Nasdaq OMX, Japan Exchange Group of Tokyo, Euronext and Hong Kong Exchanges in the top five.
Others ranked higher than BSE include Shanghai Stock Exchange of China, TMX Group of Canada, Shenzhen Stock Exchange of China and Deutsche Boerse of Germany at 6th, 7th, 8th and 9th positions, respectively.
The BSE, whose market cap has grown by over $ 500 billion since the beginning of this year, ranks higher than exchanges like SIX Swiss Exchange, Australian Stock Exchange, Korea Exchange, BME Spanish Exchanges and Nasdaq OMX Nordic Exchange, among large global exchanges.
The stock exchange also ranks among the top ten global bourses in terms of number of equity trades. The BSE recorded 32.39 crore equity trades between January and October, this year, making it the eighth largest exchange in the world in this category.
As many as 5,527 companies are listed on the BSE and the number of registered investors stands at 2.66 crore.

Petrol price may fall below Rs 60 per litrePetrol price may fall below Rs 60 per litre
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 28, 2014  | 16:14 IST
In a development that could bring respite to consumers, petrol and diesel prices are likely to be cut on fall in brent crude oil prices which are hovering around  US $72 a barrel, near their four-year lows.
Both petrol and diesel prices have been deregulated in the country, leaving their movement to be market determined.
According to a report in The Hindustan Times, petrol prices are likely to fall below Rs 60 a litre from around Rs 65 presently (in Delhi), said the chairman of a leading oil company.  
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) decided against cutting oil production to support prices on Thursday, leading to a fall in oil prices.
Oil prices are headed for their steepest monthly decline since November 2008, after falling more than 15 per cent in November this year.
While petrol is being sold in Delhi at Rs 64.24 per litre, in Mumbai , the fuel sells at Rs 71.91 per litre.
 

Rakesh Jhunjhunwala boards SpiceJetCourt refuses to let off Hindalco in coal block allocation case
Billionaire investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala has acquired a 1.4% stake in SpiceJet, after purchasing 75 lakh equity shares worth R13.41 crore in beleagured, low-cost airline SpiceJet.
According to BSE’s bulk deals data, Jhunjhunwala’s asset management firm Rare Enterprises made the purchase on Friday.
Jhunjhunwala’s investment into SpiceJet, though miniscule, could send out a positive signal to investors as the company scouts for investors to turn around the operations. On Friday, shares of SpiceJet closed up 18.36% at R18.24 on the BSE.
During the July-September quarter, SpiceJet reported a reduction in its net loss by 45% to R310.44 crore. This was on the back of higher load factor and passenger revenue and lower expenses.
As of September 30, Kal Airways holds 29.24% in the airline, while Kalanithi Maran held 24.24%. During the same period Ewart investments held 1.79% while Kalpana Singh held 1.41% stake in the airline.
The Kalanithi Maran-promoted carrier’s revenue increased by 15% to R1,449.94 crore during the September quarter while its expenses were down by 2% to R1,749 crore.
TAGS: Rakesh Jhunjhunwala SpiceJet
More from companies

Varun Dhawan is fierce and forceful in  Badlapur  first lookWritten by Sonal Gera | New Delhi |
Posted: November 28, 2014 4:32 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 4:37 pm
Just yesterday the teaser poster of Varun Dhawan’s upcoming movie ‘Badlapur’ was released, which quite revealed the dark premise of the movie. Today the first look of the young actor in the movie is revealed and we must admit, Varun nails the rugged, tough look.
Always seen as the chocolate lover boy, this role certainly seems to be a deviation from what Varun has done before. Varun tweeted his first look from the movie.
EXCLUSIVE- #Badlapur #Raghu first look. All is fair in revenge #badlapurteaserdec2nd .Are you ready India? it begins!! pic.twitter.com/lql64cgPCR
— Varun RAGHU dhawan (@Varun_dvn) November 28, 2014
Touted as a revenge drama, the movie has a novel star cast comprising Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Huma Qureshi, Yami Gautam, Divya Dutta, Vinay Pathak along with Varun. The movie is also considered to be quite bold in content.

Happy Birthday Fawad Khan: The Khoobsurat prince turns 33Written by Sonal Gera | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 2:26 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 2:34 pm
He’s yet to make it big; but has already made it large, for his demeanour, his baritone just wins you over.
Of all the ways Fawad Afzal Khan impresses you with, the one that really stikes a chord and leaves you mighty ‘bowled out’ is the way he smiles. And if you question him anything, as far as I have observed in his interviews, he smiles less (Thank Goodness for this… Smiles can kill!) and speakes even lesser.
A self confessed shy guy and a die hard romantic at heart, this Pakistani actor celebrates his 33rd birthday today and we can’t help but gap in awe of this. He doesn’t look like 33, does he?
Born into a Punjabi family in Karachi, Pakistan, Fawad’s childhood was way more interesting that anybody else’s. He lived in Athens, Dubai, Riyadh and Manchester till the age of 13. A good student, Fawad was studying Computer Sciences when he decided to take up modelling and acting. He went to act in stage plays. His first tele series ‘Satrangi’ and ‘Dil Deke Jayenge’ didn’t do much for him.
The first breakthrough in his career came with the tele drama ‘Humsafar’ in which he co-starred with actress Mahira Khan. The show, the actors and the chemistry of the lead pair – everything about the show was appreciated by one and all. Since then, there has been no looking back for this talented actor as he went on to amass critical acclaim as well as the love of the audiences for his portrayal of Ashar in the series.
Next came ‘Zindagi Gulzar Hai’ with Sanam Saeed which kind of cemented his place in the Pakistan industry.
We, the people of India, got the privilege to have a dekko of his acting demeanour when Zee Network launched its special channel to showcase tele series from that part of the border – Zindagi.
And Fawad dawned like a shimmering light.
With every emotion he portrayed in ‘Zindagi Gulzar Hai’ and ‘Humsafar’, be it of the romantic husband, the possessive lover or the obedient son, girls swooned over him and he apparently, as the reports say, earned Sanam and Mahira a herd of many an envious girls. And with the repertoire of being the eye witness to many such incidents, I totally vouch for this – “Oh I wish I were in her place!”
And when the whole world was going gaga over Fawad, how could the BTowners survive the Fawad wave?! Shashanka Ghosh decided to cast him for her debut directorial venture ‘Khoobsurat’ opposite Sonam Kapoor. The movie did quite well at the Box Office and better for Fawad as he was noticed for his portrayal of the Regal Prince – Vikram Singh Rathore – in the movie. Even during the promotional duties of the movie, Fawad was seen garnering more attention than Sonam and for the first time, we could see somebody, and that too a male co star, shouldering the responsibility of dressing up well for the events.
Fawad, as he puts it, is living a dream and has indeed become a dream guy for many women in the country. But hold your horses! Fawad Afzal Khan is already taken!
Fawad married his wife Sadaf in November 2005, even before entering the industry. He had met her when he was 17 and decided to spend the rest of life with her. Too SRKish, right? Well, maybe that’s why they say, Fawad is Pakistan’s answer to Shah Rukh Khan!
But if you thought this was IT to this upcoming superstar, you just might be wrong. Wait till you here his deep baritone for he can actually sing! He began his music career with Pakistani rock band Entity Paradigm as the lead vocalist. His first album ‘Irtiqa’ received wide critical appreciation, especially the popular romantic track ‘Rahguzar’. He is also the owner of one of Pakistan’s most popular fashion labels – Silk by Fawad Khan, looked after by his wife.
And there’s a very sad fact about this actor too. The actor whose sweetness drips and trips over many a girl is a diabetes patient. In an interview, Fawad said that diabetes is the reason why he could not concentrate both on singing and acting simultaneously.
The actor-singer, who has taken the Indian Film Industry and the women folk by storm, in equal measures, is as expected climbing up the stairs of success. It’s reported that his next venture will be Amrita Pritam’s biopic. Sonakshi Sinha will be seen reprising the poetess in the movie, while Fawad will play her husband Imroze.
The more said, the lesser it is for this shining star. So until the time he gives us another reason to write about him and another tune to hum and sing, I play ‘Woh Humsafar Thha’ on loop again and wish the hailed ‘connecting bridge between India and Pakistan’ a very happy birthday!

128 Haryana Civil Service officers transferred in HaryanaBy: Press Trust of India | Chandigarh |
Posted: November 29, 2014 2:16 pm
In a major administrative reshuffle, the Haryana government has issued transfer and posting orders of 128 Haryana Civil Service (HCS) officers with immediate effect. The Manohar Lal Khattar-led BJP government late Friday night issued the transfer orders, in which an IAS officer has also been transferred, an official release said on Saturday.
The BJP government, which came to power for the first time in the state’s history after the October 15 Assembly polls, has so far reshuffled nearly 100 IAS officers that includes top bureaucrats as well.
Earlier, many IPS officers were also reshuffled by the present government. Meanwhile, the HCS officers from across the state and various departments have been transferred in the latest reshuffle. Among the HCS officers who have been shuffled include Mukul Kumar, Sub Divisional Officer (Civil)-cum-Additional Collector, Ballabgarh, who will be Officer on Special Duty (OSD) to Haryana Chief Minister, against a vacant post.
Dinesh Singh Yadav, awaiting orders of posting, becomes Administrator, Haryana Urban Development Authority, Rohtak against a vacant post, the release said. Ashok Kumar Garg, Joint Commissioner, Municipal Corporation, Gurgaon, becomes Zonal Administrator, Haryana State Agricultural Marketing Board (HSAMB), Gurgaon in place of Alka Chaudhary.
Jaibir Singh Arya, Additional Chief Electoral Officer, becomes Managing Director, Sugar Mills, Rohtak, against a vacant post. V K Dahiya, Secretary, HSAMB, has been posted as City Magistrate at Nuh in place of Pratap Singh.

Man sentenced to life for murdering womanWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: November 29, 2014 2:08 pm
A session court in Alappuzha on Saturday sentenced a man to life on charges of murdering a housewife with whom the accused had developed a relation through missed mobile calls.
The court said the convicted Sunil kumar, 30, should also pay a fine of Rs 25,000.
The incident was reported on July 11, 2010 at Kayamkulam police limits in Alappuzha.
Kumar, a native of Palakkad, had been a mechanic in another district. Through missed calls he made an acquaintance with the victim named Beevi.
Kumar went to kayamkulam and sneaked into her house. He hide in the house. She was forced to take sleeping pills after Kumar misled her. Later, he strangulated her to death and decamped with her gold ornaments worth 12 sovereigns.
A mistaken police had first arrested her husband, but later they zeroed in on the culprit after examining the victim’s mobile phone call details.

Bihar stampede probe: State govt panel holds district administration responsibleWritten by Santosh Singh | Patna |
Posted: November 29, 2014 1:13 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 2:14 pm
Two-member team of Bihar home secretary and additional director general of police who probed 3 October Dussehra stampede at Patna’s Gandhi Maidan fixed cumulative responsibility for lapses on Patna district administration, police, traffic police and Patna Municipal Corporation. Thirty three persons were killed in the stampede that took place during Ravan Vadh function because of darkness and rumours of livewire hanging at exit gate.
Principal secretary home Amir Subhani said the report that was submitted to the chief minister recommended the government to construct four big gates with watch-towers at Gandhi Maidan. “We have also recommended that senior oofficils must be deputed to monitor big events at Gandhi Maidan and proper lighting arrangement and security and evacuation plan must be put in place to help avoid any untoward incident in future”, said the home secretary. Additional director general of police (headquarters) Gupteshwar Pandey was another member of the probe team.
Subhani idetified darkness in large part of Gandhi Maidan and rumour around hanging cable wire taken for livewire and no proper exit plans main reasons for the stampede. Asked why no individuals were identified for lapses, Subhani said: “It was cumulative responsibility of district administration, district police, PMC and traffic police to ensure sound arrangements. We found several magistrates had been absent from their duties. It is up to the government to take action against erring officials”.
 

Beijing bans smoking in public spacesBy: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: November 29, 2014 1:10 pm
Beijing has adopted a smoking ban in all indoor public spaces including workplaces and public transport.
The official Xinhua News Agency reports the ban will go into effect on June 1 and carry a fine of up to 200 yuan or $32.50. The Standing Committee of Beijing Municipal People’s Congress passed the draft regulation Friday.
China is home to the most smokers of any country, with 300 million smoking and 740 million exposed to secondhand smoke every year. Xinhua says the number of smokers in Beijing alone exceeds 400,000 people.
The new regulations also ban outdoor tobacco advertisements and as well on TV and in films and newspapers.

Phillip Hughes funeral on December 3  Cricket Australia confirms first India-Australia Test delayBy: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:21 am
Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes will be buried in his home town on Wednesday, Cricket Australia said on Saturday, forcing the indefinite postponement of the Test match against India which was scheduled to begin the following day.
Hughes, 25, died on Thursday as the result of a catastrophic injury he sustained when struck on the head by a ball during a domestic match, triggering a wave of mourning in Australia and around the world.
Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland said it would have been unreasonable to expect the players to get the four-Test series underway less than 24 hours after Hughes was laid to rest in Macksville, New South Wales.
“Their welfare is our absolute priority. They are grieving and to expect that they could play a high-pressured, five-day Test match the following day is out of the question,” he said in a statement.
“We appreciate the incredible understanding and support of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI). It has been nothing short of outstanding during these difficult times.”
Ticket sales for the match at the Gabba in Brisbane had been suspended and a new date would be set after consultation with the BCCI, broadcasters and stadium officials, Sutherland added.
Australia captain Michael Clarke earlier gave a graphic illustration of the raw emotions of the players when he broke down repeatedly while paying tribute to his friend.
Battling to hold back tears, he read out a statement on behalf of the players at the Sydney Cricket Ground, where Hughes suffered his fatal injury on Tuesday.
“Words cannot express the loss we feel as a team right now,” Clarke said.
NUMBER RETIRED
“We are going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. He epitomised what the baggy green was about and what it means to us all.
“The world lost one of its great blokes this week and we are all poorer for it.”
Clarke said the players had requested that Cricket Australia retire Hughes’s one-day international number, 64.
“They agreed. That means so much,” he added. “His legacy of trying to improve each and every day will drive us for the rest of our lives.
“Our dressing room will never be the same. We loved him and always will. Rest in peace bruzzy.”
Cricketers and fans around the world paid tribute to Phillip Hughes via a social media campaign by leaving their cricket bats out and sharing a picture with the message #putoutyourbats on Twitter
Tributes continued to flood in from around the world for Hughes and an indication of how deeply his death has affected his fellow professionals came in Sharjah, where Pakistan are hosting New Zealand in a Test.
The second Test had been postponed for a day after Hughes died and there was no celebration of wickets or centuries when it resumed on Friday.
“The game was irrelevant at that stage, that was just a natural reaction by a group of people whose mind was elsewhere,” New Zealand coach Mike Hesson told reporters in Sharjah.
“We didn’t bowl any bouncers and that was to show respect.”
Back in Australia, Hughes was not forgotten as Saturday morning cricket was played across the country in blazing sunshine, as it has been for more than a century.
ROW OF BATS
Cricket Australia has encouraged teams at all levels to remember Hughes and both the score he had accumulated when the fatal blow struck him, 63 not out, and his Test number, 408, were much in evidence on pitches around the country.
At a match between Sydney Boys and Shore schools in Centennial Park, just a stone’s throw from the SCG, a row of bats topped with cricket caps were lined up beside the pitch in tribute.
Cricket at the elite level has yet to resume with senior club matches cancelled in Sydney and Adelaide, where Hughes played his state cricket for South Australia for the last couple of years.
The fate of the first Test against India had been in the balance even before Hughes died of his horrific injury as many of the Australia team were among his closest friends.
TV rights make an incoming tour by the India Test team by far the most lucrative in the world game so cancellation of the Brisbane match is unlikely.
There is precious little room for manoeuvre, however, with the second Test scheduled to take place in Adelaide from Dec. 12-16 with the third starting on Boxing Day (Dec. 26) in Melbourne and the fourth in Sydney running from Jan. 3-7.

There Are More Payday Lenders Than McDonald s in U.S.there are more payday lenders than mcdonald s in u.s.
Graeme Robertson / Getty Imagesgraeme robertson / getty images
Mercedes launches new C-Class in IndiaGerman luxury car maker Mercedes-Benz on November 25, 2014, launched the new generation C-Class sedan in India, priced at Rs 40.9 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
PHOTO: www.mercedes-benz.co.in

Arrested by uncertainty...arrested by uncertainty...
Nifty stays above 8420 suggesting trend remains up: Sukhani27 November 2014
Thursday
Markets end F&O November cycle with big gains; Bank Nifty below 18000 is an avoid until new signals come in; IT and Pharma stocks may outperform in short term
Bank Nifty traded very narrow today. The index is in a correction and we may see some choppiness or a range bound trading period in Banking Index. CNX IT has seen a handsome rally today and closes higher. IT Stocks are offering us a buying opportunity.
We have NICKEL in METAL SECTION. Intermediate trend is now up. We will discuss a possible trade in this instrument. We have MEDIA in Sector Focus. Trend is sideways as prices are finding resistance at the top of the rally. We will discuss the current scenario of MEDIA Stocks. Stock in focus includes CIPLA, LICHSGFIN, SBI and TCS. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss GBPINR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Nifty stays above 8420 suggesting trend remains upWednesday
Choppy trading in markets just before F&O expiry
Decline continues in Bank Nifty and price closes lower. We may see choppiness or a range bound trading period in Banking Index. CNX IT traded very choppy and narrow today. We may see an expansion in this sector soon.
We have LEAD in METAL SECTION. We will discuss a possible trade in this instrument. We have CEMENT in Sector Focus. Trend is sideways. We will discuss the current scenario of CEMENT Stocks. Stock in focus includes BHARATFORGE, HDFC, M&M and SUNPHARMA. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss EURINR in Currency Tracker.
 
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

High Court orders status quo to proposed merger of FTIL with NSELGold, silver dip on sluggish demand, weak global cues
The Bombay High Court ordered `a status quo’ till December 22 to the proposed merger of Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) with the National Spot Exchange Ltd. (NSEL).
The order was passed by a division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Anuja Prabhudesai while hearing a petition filed by Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) challenging the proposed merger.
The court asked National Spot Exchange Ltd. (NSEL), Union Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Investors Forum to file replies to the petition by December 22.
Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) has questioned the order issued by the Corporate Affairs Ministry on October 21 with regard to the amalgamation/merger.
The government has ordered the merger of the bourse with its parent firm FTIL in order to ensure faster recovery of dues for entities hit by the Rs 5,600 crore fraud at National Spot Exchange Ltd. (NSEL).
Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) owns 99.99 percent of National Spot Exchange Ltd. (NSEL), on which trading was suspended after the fraud came to light in July 2013.
The proposal of merger would take a final shape after taking into account submissions or objections made by the shareholders and creditors of the two companies. Comments have been sought from them till December 20.
TAGS: Financial Technologies India Ltd. National Spot Exchange Ltd.
More from markets
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

SEZ developers divert huge tracts of land for other purposesTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Flaying the SEZ policy, CAG said large tracts of land acquired for special economic zones were de-notified but the resultant price appreciation benefited developers.
“We noted a trend wherein developers approached the government for allotment/purchase of vast areas of land in the name of SEZ. However, only a fraction of the land so acquired was notified for SEZ and later de-notification was also resorted to within a few years to benefit from price appreciation,” the CAG report, which was tabled in Parliament today, said.
In terms of area of land, out of 39,245.56 hectare of land notified in the six states (Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnatka, Maharashtra and West Bengal), 5,402.22 hectares (14 per cent) of land was de-notified and diverted for commercial purposes in several cases, it said.
Many tracts of land acquired were not serving the objectives of the SEZ Act, it added.
It also said that in four states (Andhra Pradesh, Karnatka, Maharashtra and West Bengal), 11 developers/units had raised Rs 6,309.53 crore of loan through mortgaging SEZ lands.
“Out of which, 3 developers/units had utilised the loan amount (Rs 2,211.48 crore) i.e 35 per cent, for the purpose other than the development of SEZ, as there was no economic activity in the SEZs concerned,” it added.
It said that there was a requirement of multiplicity of approvals for these zones with just 38.78 per cent of them becoming operational after their notification.
“52 per cent of the land allotted remained idle even though the approval dated back to 2006. There was a decline in the activity in the manufacturing sector in the SEZs. Land acquired for public purposes were subsequently diverted (upto 100 per cent in some cases) after de-notification,” it added.
On tax administration, CAG said its review indicated several instances of extending in-eligible exemption/ deductions to the tune of Rs 1,150.06 crore and systematic weakness in direct and indirect tax administration to the tune of Rs 27,130.98 crore.
“SEZs had availed tax concessions to the tune of Rs 83,104.76 crore (IT – Rs 55,158 crore; indirect taxes – Rs 27,946.76 crore) between 2006-07 and 2012-13,” it added.
Further it said that developers and unit holders were almost left un-monitored, in the absence of of an internal audit set-up. “This posed a huge risk for the revenue administration”.
The Commerce and Industry Ministry, it said, should review the SEZ policy and procedures regarding developers seeking vast tracts of land from the government in the name of SEZs and putting only a fraction of it for notification.
The CAG suggested that ministry should prescribe measurable performance indicators in line with the objectives and functions of the SEZs so that the real socio-economic benefits accrue for citizens and the states.
The ministry should also consider introduction of a suitable mechanism to monitor non-operational SEZ units, it added.
It said that the department of revenue should visit Income Tax Act and Wealth Tax in view of impact of levy of DDT and MAT in SEZs vis-a-vis units based on an empirical study.
TAGS: CAG Special Economic Zone
More from economy
CBI examines P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis case CBI has examined former Finance Minister P Chidamabaram in connection with the Foreign Investment Promotion Board...

Markets a tad shy of Rs 100 trillion m-capSensex in unchartered territory, Nifty hits 8600; top stocks to bet on by experts
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 28, 2014, 06.38PM IST
Tags:
Angel Broking
(Nifty also crossed the 8,600…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex surged as much as 383 points in trade on Friday to hit its fresh life time high of 28,822.37, fuelled by strong buying seen in frontline stocks such as ICICI Bank, SBI, Reliance, L&T and Tata Motors.
The BSE closed with a total market capitalization of Rs 99.76 trillion, just a tad shy of the Rs 100 trillion mark which it hit earlier in trade today. However, the rally is still not over yet as experts see this figure doubling in the next 3-5 years.
The S&P BSE Sensex closed at 28,693.99 up 255 points or 0.90 per cent. It touched a record high of 28,822.37 and a low of 28,483.99 in trade today.
Brokers said sentiment was upbeat on sustained capital inflows after global crude oil prices fell to over 4-year lows, which is likely to help the government to tackle both current account and fiscal deficits and also lower subsidy bill, said a PTI report.
We have collated list of stocks & sectors from experts from different brokerage firms which are likely to remain in focus for the next 6-12 months:
Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL Group
Banks are looking good as they act proxy for the economy. When the economy takes off then banking is the first sector to benefit directly; but, within that I will be little cautious about PSU banks because all the PSU banks are different.
I would say that private sector banks are expensive, but still most of the investment money is chasing private sector banks and within private sector banks large cap, small cap, midcap all of them look good. We like ICICI Bank, Axis Bank or HDFC Bank or may be Yes Bank.
Banks will attract most money and they will perform in line with the market, but the outperformers may come from infrastructure or may come from capital goods, may come from cyclicals like auto and cement and stocks like that.
Dhirendra Tiwari, Head of Research, Antique Stock Broking
Crompton Greaves continues to be our preferred capital goods bet so there is no change in the stance. There has been lot of activity around the stock in recent times. Avantha Group has sold part of its stake in the company.
We like PSU banks broadly because they are still cheap if we look at the valuations. They will be in limelight and we continue to be bullish on the PSU banks with a 12 to 15 months timeframe.
The catalyst were awaited, key catalyst are reduction in interest rate which is more likely happen. The other aspect which is very important to notice is the credit recovery with economic activity picking up little bit - one can expect the demand for credit also to go up to may be industry wide 18% to 20%.
There have been good midcap stocks and we continue to be positive on them. Sadbhave Engineering, of course, is one of them. We also have good set of midcap NBFC such as, PTC India Financials and SKS Microfinance which we have been positive for long time and we continue to maintain that.
There have been good midcaps in auto ancillary like Apollo or Ceat and possibly you can look at some of the now larger midcaps like Bharat Forge.
Mayuresh Joshi, VP, Institution, Angel Broking
We have been extremely bullish and optimistic on banking space for some amount of time and we continue doing so. We think parameters that would work in favour of the banking industry is credit growth going forward. Investors can look at all these banks from long term perspective.
  The only caveat again as I would point out that if governor Rajan decides against rate hike, probably all the sentimental impact that we are probably seeing on banks might beat it down, but that would again be reasonable opportunity to get into the banks probably on declines.
So State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda from the PSU space; the private space, Axis, HDFC, ICICI is what we are liking. Yes Bank from the midcap private space and even some banks like Canara and State Bank of India, we believe probably with the bond yields going down the way they are, that can give the huge impact over the next three to four quarters.
Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd
In near term, focus of investors will be on actions taken on pending bills mainly Insurance Amendment bill, Goods & services tax (GST) bill, banking sector reforms. With references to this, one should keep in an eye on stocks like Reliance Capital, State Bank of India, Max India, NBFCs, HDFC, ICICI Bank, LIC housing Finance.
Raghu Kumar, Cofounder at RKSV
Seeing how IT, Pharma, Auto, and Defense have all done wonderfully well over the past 6 months, I would expect the same to continue. Dr. Reddy's, Cipla, Ashok Leyland, Hero Motorp, Infosys, and Wipro should continue to do well. However, it's better to focus on the sectors versus individual stocks and look for stocks that are underpriced in a sector that is doing well.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Foreign telcos may not benefit much from payment bank rulesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Foreign telcos may not benefit much from payment bank rules
Rules prohibit foreign players from applying for a license as standalone entities. So these players will need an Indian JV partner who holds at least a 24 percent stake in the venture to be eligible.
Post your opinion here
09:00 pm
The final payment bank guidelines released by the RBI make it easier for telecom companies to apply for, and get, a license. And given the advantages of such a move, experts say firms will be lining up with applications. But CNBC-TV18's Malvika Jain and Kritika Saxena report that the journey will be far from easy, especially for foreign telecom players.
In an era of number portability, stiff competition and fairly impatient customers, the guidelines for payment banks released by the RBI come as a bit of a relief, and an opportunity for telecom companies. A payment bank license will boost the services offered by mobile operators, making the customer's decision to move on just a little bit tougher. They will also allow companies to better leverage their network, and earn fee income on remittance and payment products, card services, and third-party product distribution, to name a few. That alone could see these companies lining up for a licence.
Rajan S Mathews, director general, COAI, says: “Guidelines are a positive. Telcos will apply. There are a few glitches which we feel can be fixed.”
However, the rules give domestic players like  Idea and  Bharti Airtel an edge over foreign players like Vodafone and Telenor.
That's because they prohibit foreign players from applying for a license as standalone entities. So these players will need an Indian JV partner who holds at least a 24 percent stake in the venture to be eligible.
Mathews adds: "FDI not being permitted will be an issue. Vodafone and Telenor are keen to apply but they are both 100% FDI owned. This will be an issue."
A restrictive FDI policy may not be the only deterrent though.
Brokerage firm Crisil points out that even domestic telecom players will not see payment banking operations add significantly to revenues. It says that even five years after launch, the contribution of payment banks to overall revenues is likely to remain at less than 1 percent. Also, while telecom operators are likely to capture around 15 percent of the domestic remittances market by then, luring deposits is a completely different ball game requiring heavy investment in building a brand and securing the trust of the depositors.
So unless a telecom player is focussed more on long-term benefits, many may hold out looking for any sweeteners that may come their way.
Idea Cellular stock price
On December 10, 2014, Idea Cellular closed at Rs 143.20, up Rs 3.05, or 2.18 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 177.30 and the 52-week low was Rs 125.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 6.13 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 23.36. The latest book value of the company is Rs 44.10 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.25.
RELATED NEWS

BSE among 10 biggest bourses of the world!BSE
(Sensex closed at 28,693.99…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian stock market created history on Friday as the total investor wealth hit a record high of Rs 100 trillion in trade on the BSE, which also puts it among the ten largest exchanges of the world in terms of total market capitalisation of listed firms.
The BSE closed with a total market capitalization of Rs 99.76 trillion, just a shy away from the Rs 100-trillion mark, which it hit earlier in trade today. However, the rally is still not over yet as experts see this figure doubling in the next 3-5 years.
The S&P BSE Sensex closed at 28,693.99, up 255 points or 0.90 per cent. It touched a record high of 28,822.37 and a low of 28,483.99 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Sensex, which has already rallied over 36 per cent so far in the year 2014 to hit record levels above 28000, has outperformed emerging market peers as well as indices across the world on YTD and 1-year basis.
"Already the markets have surged over 36 per cent year to date, and if we can take 20 per cent as the annual growth figure over the next 4 years, you will see the markets doubling in 4 years," says Raghu Kumar , cofounder, RKSV. "This is definitely doable if investor confidence remains high, both domestically and from FIIs," he adds.
Considering the overall situation of falling crude prices and control over domestic inflation , analysts predict a strong growth in earnings in the coming quarters which will give further boost to the markets. So the rally is here to stay!
"We are asking investors to put in more money because the good news is just beginning in the sense that for the first half we have some improvement in the economic activity and growth. But things will move the way they are if the economy picks up to 6.5%-7% and the corporate earnings grow at about 17 to 18% for the next two to three years," says Dhirendra Tiwari, Head of Research, Antique Stock Broking.
"The Indian market still is very reasonably priced, I would say 16 times or 17 times, depending on the earning estimates, which is somewhere in between the peak and the bottom. So I would assume that if you look at the market per se, there is a meaningful upside left in the next 12 to 15 months. There of course would be volatility in between," he adds.
A change in government has altered the perception about the Indian market among global fund managers. They feel India's medium to long-term growth trend is premised on the inter-play of the structurally positive factors of demographics, reforms and globalisation.
India GDP growth appears to have bottomed out and will gradually recover with the implementation of various pro-growth policies by the Modi-led government.
The stellar run that we have seen in the market is also due to the fact that India has managed to keep its macros in check compared to other Ems, which helped in attracting more capital.
Asia-Pacific economies are losing momentum as they approach the finish line in 2014, but India is bucking the trend, global rating firm S&P said in a note.
India has been the bright spot in Asia-Pacific, said S&P in a note released on Wednesday, adding that after a cautious start, the Modi government has picked up the pace of reform.
The Indian equity markets are currently buoyant and there is still plenty of room for a sustained bull-run on the back of improving fundamentals and a focused new government at hand that is intent on formulation of pro-economic growth policies.
"Given these catalysts, one can reasonably expect market levels and hence stock prices to soar in the next 3-5 years. Share price appreciation (holding capital structures constant) translates to a corresponding growth in market capitalization," says Vikas V Gupta - Executive Vice President, Traded Markets & Investment Research, ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt. Ltd.
"Factoring in all of the above, we can estimate a robust growth in the BSE Sensex market cap reaching the Rs 200-lakh crore mark in the next 3 years and the Rs 315-lakh crore mark in the next 5 years," he adds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

OPEC move to hold oil output means a windfall for OMCs and auto companiesYou are here: Home > Collections > Opec
OPEC move to hold output augurs well for Indian economy
Ashutosh R Shyam, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 12.03PM IST
Tags:
BPCL
(With OPEC, a group of 12 oil…)
With OPEC , a group of 12 oil producing nations, deciding to refrain from lowering output, crude oil prices have crashed 40% from June 2014 levels.
The move augurs well for the Indian economy as it imports nearly 80% of its crude. It's also expected to improve profitability of companies which use crude oil or its derivatives as their raw materials.
According to a Nomura broker, with every $10/bbl decline in oil prices, India's GDP will edge up 0.1% and lower the wholesale price index by 0.5%. It will also reduce the fiscal deficit by 0.1% and the current account deficit by 0.5% of GDP.
Profitability of oil-marketing companies like HPCL , BPCL and IOC will improve as dependence on subsidy will be less. This will bring down working capital loans and also better marketing margins of these companies.
Auto companies, too, stand to benefit. Historically, lower cost of vehicle ownership leads to higher volume growth. The Street is betting that Maruti Suzuki is best placed to reap the benefit of a lower fuel price.
Lubricant makers like Castrol India, Gulf Oil, Savita and Apar Industries will gain as raw material cost accounts for nearly 60-65% of sales and is linked to crude oil prices. But since lube is mostly a retail item, a drop in raw material costs is often not passed on to consumers.
Similarly, paints companies, where crude oil and its derivatives constitute about 30-40% of their total raw material costs, will reap dividends.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sebi fines 6 banks for lapses in CARE IPOYou are here: Home > Collections > Investors
Sebi fines 6 merchant banks for disclosure lapses in CARE IPO
ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 06.47AM IST
Tags:
ICICI
(The IPO came in December…)
MUMBAI: Capital market regulator Sebi has pulled up six investment banks for suppressing key information while selling the maiden equity issue of credit rating agency CARE. SBI , ICICI , Kotak Mahindra , IDBI , DSP Merrill Lynch and Edelweiss have been fined Rs 1 crore for the poor IPO due diligence. This is the maximum penalty applicable for violation of disclosure related norms in IPO documents .
In 2012, these i-banks had filed the red herring prospectus (RHP) for the public issue of nearly 72 lakh shares of CARE. Shares were offered to anchor investors on December 6, 2012, following which public subscription was opened between December 7 and December 11, 2012
According to the Sebi order issued on Friday evening, the CARE RHP did not mention the conditional nature of the exemption granted by RBI to the nonresident investors, including foreign institutional investors and qualified institutional investors subscribing to the offer. According to RBI rules, companies issuing shares to foreign investors need to follow a minimum capitalisation norm. RBI had given CARE time till September 2013 to comply with the minimum capital requirement for participation by non-resident investments.
"If material facts are suppressed or distorted as in the extant case, the very safety and integrity of the securities market would become a cause of concern for the regulators and the investors," Sebi said in an 86-page order. According to the order, merchant bankers applied different legal standards to arrive at divergent conclusions with respect to the same issue regarding applicability of conditions linked to the FDI scheme to the offer, and ended up making untrue statements and suppressing material facts in the RHP with respect to RBI's letter dated September 26, 2012.
The regulator said that if RBI had not granted an extension to CARE to adhere to the minimum capital requirement of $0.5 million as many as 15 FII applications would have been rejected. "On one or more occasions during the last five years, bankers have been advised to be careful or diligent in future and not to repeat the irregularities observed in respect of disclosures, to improve their compliance standards pursuant to inspection of their books and records."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Our tech more effective for last-mile connec...Bhaskar Pramanik
("...there are many choices…)
NEW DELHI: Microsoft India Chairman Bhaskar Pramanik has taken a pot shot at rivals Google and Facebook over their proposals to tackle the country's last-mile broadband connectivity problem, and said the technology that the software giant is offering is potentially more effective to take high-speed Internet to remote villages.
India has become the latest battleground for the three US majors, as they aim for the telecom department's contract to provide last-mile connectivity as part of the over Rs 20,000 crore national broadband project. Google is experimenting with a network of helium balloons to relay signals to places that are hard to reach for traditional networks, while Facebook is considering using drones. Microsoft's technology, called TV White-Space, uses unused spectrum in frequencies used by TV channels to carry data.
"I can't imagine a drone hovering over the Earth for long periods of time and a balloon not drifting away, while here you can use solar power, an antenna that is used for simple TV broadcast and a device or router which is powered by solar which can provide the connectivity," Pramanik told ET.
The local unit of the Redmond, Washington-based company has sought a licence from the telecom department to deploy a working example of the technology in Bangalore as proof of concept.
Facebook declined to comment, while Google did not reply to an email seeking comment.
Google's Project Loon aims to provide "inexpensive" Internet access across India through a network of helium-filled solar-powered balloons placed in the stratosphere at an altitude of about 32 km. Pilot projects are underway in New Zealand, California and Brazil.
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has previously played down the effectiveness of Google's balloons, saying they have a shorter life than drones and can't survive the rigour of weather patterns. "This means drones have more endurance than balloons, while also being able to have their location precisely controlled," he had said in a white paper on drones earlier this year.
Facebook's Connectivity Lab is developing massive, yet light, solarpowered drones which will be able to fly for years at a time and serve as large connectivity hubs, the division's engineering director Yael Maguire had said. The first of these drones may well be deployed in India, ET reported earlier this month.
"So there are many choices we have as a nation - we can use 2G, 3G or 4G, we can talk about balloons or drones. But my belief is that this is one other technology which can be used," Pramanik said.
Microsoft is not talking about running a network, but more about creating a technology meant for emerging markets, he said. "We'd like government, nations and telecom companies to use it."
The radio interface developed by Microsoft functions like Wi-Fi router on a bigger scale. It provides wireless connectivity across a 10 km radius with speeds of up to 16 Mbps, a much larger area and speeds than the typical routers set up for commercial use today.
Using White-Fi and dynamic spectrum, there is possibility of extending the network coverage by 10 kms from each of the 250,000 touch points and then connect another router and extend it by another 10 kms, effectively blanketing the country, Pramanik added.
  Under an ambitious Rs 1.13 lakh crore 'Digital India' initiative, the government plans to use the national optic fibre network project to deliver e-services in areas such as health, education to every nook and corner of the country. The network, which is positioned to form the backbone of the Digital India programme, will be deployed only at the gram panchayat level. Reaching the end consumer -homes, schools, hospitals and other institutions - may still require wireless technology, especially in hard-toreach areas.
Zuckerberg, who visited India recently, reportedly had expressed Facebook's desire to deploy alternative last-mile connectivity technology through drones and satellite communications. Google and Microsoft have also pitched their technologies.
While tech giants vie for a share of the massive project, experts say a single solution may not be the sole answer to providing last mile connectivity. "It is possible that a combination of multiple technologies will be required to ensure ubiquitous internet access, as one single type of technology may reach only a select area or people," said an industry insider who did not want to be named.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi: Robbers pull off Rs 1 crore hiest  kill ATM securityguardWritten by Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:11 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 3:33 am
In a span of just 20 seconds, two bike-borne assailants gunned down the guard of a security service agency, robbed Rs 1.5 crore from the men who were loading cash into ATMs and fled the spot. The incident was reported from an ATM kiosk on Bungalow Road in North Delhi’s Roop Nagar around 11 am on Saturday.
Police said the guard, Satinder Singh, from Manipur in Uttar Pradesh, sustained two bullet wounds in his head and died on Saturday evening.
1,2Footage taken by an onlooker shows his accomplice waiting on a motorbike
According to police, the cash van of Scientific Security Management System (SSMS), a cash replenishment firm, reached Bungalow Road around 11 am to load cash into two ATMs  —one each of Citibank and Kotak Mahindra. The two loaders and a security guard got down from the van — one supervisor and the driver remained inside.
The loaders took out two cash bags and went inside the Citibank ATM, while the guard stood outside with a rifle. Before the men could load the money, two men wearing helmets stopped their motorbike next to the ATM, whipped out a pistol and shot the guard at point-blank range. One of the men then went inside the ATM, snatched the two bags from the loaders, fired a shot in the air, sat on the bike and raced off, police said.
3The man puts the cash bags on the bike and the two speed away towards Hansraj Hostel
Vinod, a security guard who works at one of the showrooms in the market, said, “Everything happened within seconds. I heard a loud noise and thought there was an explosion inside the ATM. When I rushed there, I saw the guard lying in a pool of blood and the loaders shouting for help. The loaders could not see the assailant’s face as he was wearing a helmet. The one driving the motorbike — he too had a helmet on — was very quick. As soon as his associate got on, he raced off.”
The Roop Nagar police station is just 300 metres away from the ATM. There is also a police picket a 100 metres away from the spot. Two policemen were stationed here.  “After committing the heist, the assailants fired in the air and took off towards Hansraj Hostel. The policemen stationed at the picket chased them till the men took a right towards Civil Lines and disappeared,” an officer said.

Indian youths joining ISIS matter of concern: Rajnath | Return to India a challenge: IBIndia vulnerable to ISIS activities, says Home Minister Rajnath Singh
Bikash Singh, ET Bureau Nov 30, 2014, 01.43AM IST
Tags:
Arif Majeed
(He said although the terror…)
GUWAHATI: Union home minister Rajnath Singh has said India can no longer remain unaffected by growing Islamic terror designs, pointing to instances of some youth in India falling under the influence of Islamic State (ISIS) forces. ISIS has set up bases in Iraq and Syria and the Indian subcontinent cannot remain unaffected by it, said Singh addressing the annual conference of DGPs and IGPs in Guwahati on Saturday.
Singh added that state actors like intelligence agency ISI of Pakistan are working to destabilize India. Expressing concern over Islamic terror groups, Singh said the call for Jihad against India by outfits such as the Al-Qaeda cannot be taken lightly.
"We should consider threats of turning India into an Islamic country a challenge." As evidence, Singh pointed to the case of 24-year-old Areeb Majeed of Mumbai who is accused of joining jihadists in Syria.
Singh, however, said insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir has declined. "Recruitment of youth in insurgent outfits has declined. However Pakistan is still not yielding and has maintained that trouble in J&K is due to non-state actors. Is ISI a non-state actor?"
The home minister added there is a considerable decline in violence in the Left wing extremism-affected areas. "The Northeast India situation continues to be worrisome with ethnic clashes and militancy. The region has around 75 to 100 militant outfits, several of which are in talks with government. Some have ceased operation and in some cases cadres of these outfits are engaged in extortion."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Seven injured in grenade explosion at Srinagars Lal ChowkUpdated: November 30, 2014 01:04 IST
Eight injured in attack on CRPF bunker in Srinagar
Zahid Rafiq
Tweet
PTI
A boy looks at a damaged car near the site of a grenade explosion at Lal Chowk in Srinagar on Saturday. Militants hurled grenades towards a CRPF picket at Lal Chowk injuring eight persons including a CRPF jawan.
PTI
An injured man is brought to the SMHS hospital in Srinagar after grenades hurled by militants towards a CRPF picket exploded at Lal Chowk in the city on Saturday.
PTI
Securitymen inspect the site of an explosion after militants hurled grenades towards a CRPF picket at Lal Chowk in Srinagar on Saturday.
PTI
A file photo of the Clock Tower at Lal Chowk in Srinagar. At least seven persons were injured in a grenade explosion at Lal Chowk on Saturday.
TOPICS
act of terror
An eight-year-old boy and a CRPF sub-inspector were among the injured.
Eight persons, one a Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) sub-inspector, were injured when suspected militants tossed a grenade at a CRPF bunker at Lal Chowk here on Saturday. This is the first terror attack here during the Assembly election.
“The police are searching for the culprits and no arrests have been made so far,” Inspector-General of Police, Kashmir, A.G. Mir told The Hindu. The police said the grenade was hurled at the CRPF camp near Palladium Cinema, but missed its mark and fell on the street, injuring civilians.
The injured, among them a child and a woman, were taken to hospital, and hospital authorities said their condition was stable. The police said the injured sub-inspector was out of danger.
People who heard the huge blast and saw injured people running, however, said they did not see the grenade being lobbed. The police and the CRPF cordoned off the area and started a search. “We have a lot of deployment in Srinagar already and we won't be increasing the security presence further,” a senior police official said.

Man held for sexually assaulting Bengaluru girlUpdated: November 29, 2014 15:20 IST
Man held for sexually assaulting Bengaluru girl
M. T. Shivakumar
Superintendent of Police Bhushan Gulabrao Borase addressing presspersons at his office in Mandya on Saturday.
TOPICS
Bangalore
The Srirangapatna subdivision police on Saturday arrested a 45-year-old man for allegedly raping a 15-year-old girl from Bengaluru near Neelana Halli in Pandavapura taluk in the district on November 10.
The accused has been identified as T. Govinde Gowda alias Govinda. He is a native of Chavvenahalli in Hassan district and has been staying in a hut in Kere Thonnur in Pandavapura taluk.
The police officials are questioning the accused, Superintendent of Police Bhushan Gulabrao Borase told presspersons at his office here on Saturday.
Geetha Prasanna, Deputy Superintendent of Police (Srirangapatna subdivision), later told The Hindu that the victim was a student of a private school near Shivajinagar in Bengaluru. After a quarrel with her brother on November 9, she had left home and landed in Mysuru on November 10. The accused met her in a train when she was returning home. He forced her to alight midway and took her to Neelana Halli and allegedly sexually assaulted her.
Additional SP M. Puttamadaiah, Srirangapatna Deputy Superintendent of Police Geetha Prasanna, Pandavapura Station Inspector B.S. Prakash and Melkote Police Sub-inspector B.S. Prakash Chandrashekar were present.

Delhi: Robbers loot Rs 1.5 crore from cash van near Kamla Nagar ATM  gun down guardIn a daring daylight heist, two men on a motorcycle gunned down a security guard and robbed Rs. 1.5 crore from an ATM kiosk in north Delhi's busy Kamla Nagar on Saturday.
 
The incident took place at around 11am when custodians of a van belonging to a private cash replenishment firm were refilling money into the Citibank ATM, said joint commissioner of police Sandeep Goel.
 
“Two men on a bike arrived and shot the security guard twice in his head. They then picked up a bag containing Rs. 1.5 crore from inside the kiosk and fled brandishing their weapons,” said a senior police officer.
 
Kamla Nagar is an area adjacent to the University of Delhi’s main campus and is largely occupied by students.
Police inspect the scene of crime after miscreants looted a cash van outside Citi Bank's ATM in Kamla Nagar area. (Photo courtesy: @ANI_news)
Earlier this week, unidentified men hauled off a Union Bank of India cash machine from west Delhi’s Narela and also snatched the CCTV cameras installed in the booth.
 
The injured security guard, Satinder Singh, was taken to a nearby hospital where he died at around 3.30pm, sources said.
 
“He was not breathing and his blood pressure was low. He was revived artificially and his blood pressure brought up. But after the CT scan and other investigations, he collapsed again and finally could not be revived,” said Dr Siddharth Ramji, medical superintendent of Lok Nayak hospital.
 
Police have lodged a case including charges of attempt to murder, armed robbery and sections of the Arms Act while CCTV footage from the area is being scanned to identify the criminals.
 
"We extend our deepest condolences to the family of the security guard employed by our service provider, who lost his life in this tragic incident. We will cooperate fully with the law enforcement authorities in their efforts to bring the perpetrators of this crime to justice," a Citibank spokesperson told HT.
 
Several teams led by DCP Madhur Verma are investigating the case under the overall supervision of special CP Deepak Mishra, sources said.
 
In 2012, five armed robbers made off with a private bank’s cash van carrying Rs. 5.25 crore in south Delhi’s Defence Colony at around 1.45pm on September 28, after intercepting the vehicle and shooting at the guard.
Robbers loot Rs. 1.5 crore from cash van outside ATM in Delhi

J-K: Grenade attack in busy Srinagar market injures 4 civiliansComments
Militants hurled a grenade in Srinagar’s commercial hub Lal Chowk injuring eight people, including seven civilians and a soldier.
While eyewitnesses say the grenade was hurled at a CRPF bunker in Palladium cinema area in Lal Chowk, police refused to confirm that security forces were the target.
The injured have been rushed to a local hospital for medical treatment. Doctors have declared that all the injured are out of danger.
"There was a militant attack in Lal Chowk and eight people including seven civilians have been injured,” confirmed a Srinagar-based police spokesperson. "The injured include a father-son duo and a CRPF personnel,” he added.
The blast occurred around 2pm near the Palladium Lane in Lal Chowk.
The injured were rushed to SMHS hospital, the police said adding, the area has been cordoned off and a hunt has been launched to nab the militants involved in the attack.
No militant outfit has so far claimed responsibility for the explosion.
According to eyewitnesses, the crowd that frequents Lal Chowk during the day as well as the business hub’s multiple exit points helped the militants to flee. Owing to the ongoing elections, additional security has been deployed in Srinagar — especially Lal Chowk.
Paramilitary and police forces conducted searches and frisking in the area.
The five phase election is underway in the state. While the first phase on November 25 was peaceful, the state has witnessed increased militant attacks since 71% voters came out cast their votes.
In a 30-hour encounter in Arnia in the Jammu region, 12 people including five civilians, three army personnel and four militants were killed. 
SDPO Kothibagh Faisal Qayoom said police have started investigation and will be looking at the CCTV footage to track down the militant who lobbed the grenade.
This is first grenade attack in Srinagar city since militants made an abortive bid to attack an election rally in Khanyar during Lok Sabha polls earlier this year.
Watch: Seven civilians, CRPF officer injured in grenade attack at Lal Chowk in Srinagar
(With agency inputs)

Phil Hughes funeral on Dec 3; first India-Australia Test postponedprint
The scheduled first test between Australia and India has been postponed due to the death of Australian player Phillip Hughes, with no new date set.
The game at Brisbane's 'Gabba ground was to have started Thursday, and Cricket Australia was yet to announce new dates.
Australian cricket remains in mourning for opening batsman Hughes who died Thursday, having not regained consciousness after being hit by a bouncer on Tuesday during a domestic game.
His funeral will be held in his home town of Macksville, between Brisbane and Sydney, on Wednesday and Cricket Australia said it was "neither feasible nor fair" to begin the test the next day.
Cricket Australia said Saturday that the Board of Control for Cricket in India and the India team had been notified and were understanding and supportive.
The decision came after former Australia captain Ricky Ponting said a Thursday start was impossible.
"It's been such a tragic week for the Hughes family and the cricket community and I can't imagine how anybody can be expected to play test cricket on Thursday," Ponting wrote in a News Corp. Australia column.
"I don't think it would be right. Even if the boys think they can play, it would be a miracle if they find the right frame of mind needed for five days of cricket."
The Hughes' family reportedly was happy for the game to go ahead as scheduled, but possibly not playing the first session on Thursday morning and instead placing a cricket bat on the Gabba pitch in his memory.
Most cricketers around Australia returned to play on Saturday. In Sydney and Adelaide, the two cities were Hughes played, grade cricket - the level below interstate cricket - was cancelled. But club and school games mostly went ahead as planned, with many players wearing black armbands.
Two numbers were often etched into pitches or on uniforms: 63, the run total Hughes had accrued before he was hit by the ball, and 408 - he was the 408th test player to compete for Australia.
There were also tributes from around the world from current and former players. New Zealand, playing a test against Pakistan, etched the letters PH on their caps and refused to celebrate when wickets were claimed.
The "putoutyourbats" hashtag has been trending on Twitter as thousands around the world place a cricket bat outside their home in honor of Hughes.
Australia captain Michael Clarke, who had been at the hospital at Hughes' bedside and with his family since Tuesday's incident, broke down in tears repeatedly on Saturday as he recalled his teammate, who came through the grades with Clarke for New South Wales then Australia.
"Things were always put in perspective when Hughesy said 'where else would you rather be boys, but playing cricket for your country?'. We're going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. The world lost one of its great blokes this week and we are all poorer for it."

Kalyan youngster who joined ISIS sent to NIA custody till Dec 8IS recruit Majeed booked for terror conspiracy
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, November 29, 2014
First Published: 11:38 IST(29/11/2014) | Last Updated: 16:17 IST(29/11/2014)
Comments
College student-turned-ISIS militant Areeb Majeed was produced before a special National Investigation Agency (NIA) court Saturday and sent to NIA custody till December 8.
Six months after he left his suburban Mumbai home to join Islamic State (also known as IS or ISIS or ISIL) militants, 22-year-old Majeed returned from West Asia Friday and was being questioned by the NIA, officials said.
Majeed has been booked under sections 16, 18, 20 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA)  relating to conspiracy in a terrorist act, and section 125 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) for waging war against a country which has friendly ties with India.
The NIA, however, was not willing to comment much on the case which has raised concerns across the country over the West Asian militant group's recruitment plans.
Hindustan Times was the first to report that Areeb, earlier thought to have been killed in an air strike, was alive and had called his father, Dr Ijaz Majeed, seeking help to return from Turkey.
Sleuths believe Areeb has actively participated in ISIS terror designs in Iraq and Syria.
Areeb and three other young men -- Fahad Shaikh, Saheem Tanki and Amaan Tandel -- from Kalyan in Maharashtra's Thane district went to Iraq in May to join the jihadi group, investigators said. How Areeb managed to escape and go to Turkey is still unknown.
NIA prosecutor Geeta Godambe said the agency wanted to know the truth, and sought to take Areeb into 14-day custody.
Areeb, who was dressed in dark brown Pathani suit Saturday, was asked by the judge why he had not hired any lawyer. "I was in NIA's custody, and did not get the time to hire a lawyer," he said.
The judge further asked if he had any complaints with the agency. But, Areeb said 'no'.
Preliminary questioning of Areeb has made the agency believe that ISIS handlers gave the Kalyan youngster a basic training in handling firearms.
Areeb has also reportedly told the agency about who funded his trip. An NIA source said the agency had zeroed in on a firm.
Areeb was injured in an airstrike in Iraq and suffered a bullet injury. He has no regrets of having joined the ISIS, added police sources.
Sources said Areeb landed at Mumbai international airport at 5:15am Friday and was immediately taken into custody by NIA officials.
According to police, the four engineering students -- radicalised over the internet -- flew to Baghdad as part of a group of 22 pilgrims visiting religious shrines in Iraq. But intelligence agencies later intercepted phone calls where the men were crying and asking their families to seek the government's help for their return.
Maharashtra's anti-terrorism squad (ATS), which earlier questioned the youngsters' relatives, is also in touch with the NIA over Areeb's return, sources said.
Intelligence and security officials have warned that the Islamic State is trying to indoctrinate and recruit young volunteers online from India - home to the world's second-largest Muslim population.
However, national security adviser Ajit Doval said at this month's HT Leadership Summit that no more than 10 Indian Muslims had gone to join IS militants in Iraq and Syria.

Lamborghini sales race through despite rough global economyNov 29, 2014, 03.00 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Lamborghini sales race through despite rough global economy
In a discussion for CNBC-TV18’s Forbes India Show, Menaka Doshi spoke with the marquee carmaker’s veteran CEO, Stephan Winkelmann.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Lamborghini sales race through despite rough global economy
In a discussion for CNBC-TV18’s Forbes India Show, Menaka Doshi spoke with the marquee carmaker’s veteran CEO, Stephan Winkelmann.
Post your opinion here
The Forbes India Show
It employs just over 1,000 people and sells about 2,000 cars every year. But Lamborghini is amongst the most coveted set of wheels in the world.
In a discussion for CNBC-TV18’s Forbes India Show, Menaka Doshi spoke with the marquee carmaker’s veteran CEO, Stephan Winkelmann -- a political scientist by education and a car salesman by profession. He is also said to be one of the world’s best dressed CEOs.
Below is the transcript of the interview on CNBC-TV18.
Q: Belated set of congratulations. In March last year, Lamborgini completed its 50th year in existence. Can you look back for us and tell me what some of the highlights of the last 50 were and what you expect will be the challenges and opportunities for the next 50?
A: The last 50 years were the ones where we established the brand. The bigger thing is the brand and the products. The founder Ferruccio Lamborghini was incredible because he had a big success at the very beginning with the Miura which was immediately a car which made the brand a hit. From there onwards, it was that not everything we did was easy but if I have to highlight the two things, then it’s all about products and it is all about the brand.
Being a luxury brand it is always selling less than demand and for the next 50 years I am confident that the super sports car market will stay, will survive even though we have a lot of challenges especially in the next years in front of us.
If it was evolution in the past decades for the automotive industry, it would be a revolution for the next decade. So for us it means to bring the CO2 emissions down by maintaining the DNA of Lamborghini.
Q: I want to talk about a few more current challenges and opportunities. To begin with your assessment for the super sports car market in the world currently, given what the global economy looks like right now. So if you can talk us through what 2014 sales have looked like and what you expect will be the outcome of 2015?
A: The economy worldwide in 2014 is lights and shadows and this is where it is also for super sports car company like Lamborghini. We have an advantage; we are growing in number of sales. This is because of the perfect image we have almost globally and also because we have a very new model range.
In fact, we launched in March this year in Geneva, we launched the new Huracán, our newest car. It is a V10 car with 5.2 litre capacity.
So at the end of this year we will exceed the sales we had in 2013. We are guessing about 20 percent more and if the economy holds, giving us the right tailwinds, we will even do better in the year 2015.
Q: How has the Huracán worked out for you, if you can throw some light on the kind of sales numbers it’s seen?
A: So far we have collected more than 3,000 orders. We are a car company which is selling a bit more than 2,000 cars a year. So you imagine how important this is for us and this is a good sign for the Huracán and for the company because the Huracán is a car which really is easy to drive on the road and it is spectacular and very fast on the race track.
Q: The US and China are two of your biggest individual markets. What do you make of the ongoing recovery in the US and the demand situation in China because they are considerable concerns now over the growth rates in China and whether they will maintain the averages that we have seen over the last decade or so?
A: The US is by far our largest market and it is also going to be the largest market in 2014. So we are benefitting from the recovery and we have a very good situation there.
In China, it is a bit different. The market is stable in terms of the super sports car segment. It is not growing as it was at the end of the last decade, but we have a good opportunity with our model range to have increasing sales also in the Chinese markets in 2015.
Q: These Huracán orders that you spoke of; 3,000, How many years will it take you to fulfil these orders. What is the waiting time like for a Huracán?
A: We are increasing our capacity in terms of production because we were foreseeing that this model will have a great success. So we will increase our production slowly but steadily because we want to have a high quality standard and all the orders we collected in the year 2014 will be delivered in the year 2015.
We hope that this is going to be a continuous success and for Huracán we have a lot of derivatives, we will launch in the years to come. So we are planning a lot for this car, like also the Aventador.

States yet to hear on Constitutional Amendment Bill: PatelNov 29, 2014, 02.58 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
States yet to hear on Constitutional Amendment Bill: Patel
Gujarat finance minister Saurabh Patel tells CNBC-TV18 that the states are yet to hear from the Centre on the proposed amendments.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
States yet to hear on Constitutional Amendment Bill: Patel
Gujarat finance minister Saurabh Patel tells CNBC-TV18 that the states are yet to hear from the Centre on the proposed amendments.
Post your opinion here
Business Saturday
Even as the government mulls the passage of the GST and the Constitutional Amendment Bill reaches the Parliament, the finance minister of Gujarat Saurabh Patel tells CNBC-TV18 that the states are yet to hear from the Centre on the proposed amendments.
Below is the transcript of Saurabh Patel's interview with CNBC-TV18's Sajeet Manghat.
Q: What is your take on the new Constitutional Amendment Bill?
A: Don’t have any answers to that. We have not received the copy of the new Constitutional Amendment Bill and in the empowered committee we will give the views to the Centre.
Q: Do you expect that the bill will be tabled in the winter session of parliament because if states haven’t been put on the reporting board?
A: I have not seen the bill, I have not heard from the Centre. Whatever I heard is what the finance minister has told the press?
Q: Are you comfortable with the compensation which the finance minister is offering?
A: In the last empowered group of ministers, we had made certain recommendations and I am sure in the new amendment after the necessary changes I hope the compensation mechanism would be in place.
RELATED NEWS

Egypt dismisses criminal charges against ex-leader Mubarak in killing of protestersegypt dismisses criminal charges against ex-leader mubarak in killing of protesters
IMF lauds WTO s breakthrough decisions on TFA  food securityIMF lauds WTO s breakthrough decisions on TFA  food security
Sah Petroleums to hold EGMSah Petroleums to hold EGM
Police arrest 15 in fresh Ferguson protestsPolice arrest 15 in fresh Ferguson protests
Removal of import curbs to improve official supplies: WGCRemoval of import curbs to improve official supplies: WGC
Black Friday & Cyber Monday Sale for Beauty & Hair ProductsBlack Friday & Cyber Monday Sale for Beauty & Hair Products
They have never given dividend at all .93 is a good buy its risky to b...Platinum Member
142 Followers
They have never given dividend at all .93 is a good buy its risky to buy at 140 poor liquidity u can buy only 2000 shares in single trade
3.33 PM Nov 29th  | Track

Further all eggs in one basket:::::reports had it that the sbi has dec...Platinum Member
198 Followers
FURTHER ALL EGGS IN ONE BASKET:::::Reports had it that the SBI has decided to lend up to USD one billion to Adani Mining, the Australian subsidiary of Adani Enterprises for the Carmichael mine in Queensland, Australia which has massive blocks of untapped coal reserves. The company aims to build the project by end of 2017...so decide yourself the RISK OF SUCH LOAN before any actions,,,!!!!
In reply to : bnsahu message
3.32 PM Nov 29th

Arvind bhai  follow karein!!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Arvind bhai  kindly follow me and sugest if datamatics is still a hold...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Andhra CM invites Softbank to invest in infrastructure projectsAndhra CM invites Softbank to invest in infrastructure projects
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 29:  
The Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister, N Chandrababu Naidu, has invited Softbank to invest in infrastructure projects and take part in renewable energy projects.
During the meeting with the Softbank Chairman, Masayoshi Son, in Japan, the Chief Minister sought Softbank’s support for solar projects in the State.
According to the Chief Minister's Office, during the meeting, Son has expressed interest in taking up large projects in Andhra Pradesh.
Chandrababu Naidu said that Softbank could also explore opportunities in the infrastructure sector in the State.
In another meeting with Toshiba Corporation, the Chief Minister has sought cooperation in energy, water, healthcare and skill development.
During interaction with Hisao Tanaka, Director, Representative Executive Officer, President and CEO of Toshiba, Chandrababu Naidu has sought their help in reducing T&D losses in power.
Toshiba was asked to consider manufacturing medical equipment in Andhra Pradesh and make it a hub for exports.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

IL&FS Engineering to issue pref. sharesIL&FS Engineering to issue pref. shares
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 29:  
IL&FS Engineering and Construction Company Ltd has decided to issue up to 2,12,74,442 equity shares of Rs 10 each on a preferential basis at a price to be finalised as per the applicable SEBI Regulations.
The board of directors of the company at its meeting held on November 28 has resolved to allot preferential shares, subject to the approval of members of the company, to meet the company’s capital requirements.
The board has proposed to allot shares to Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services Ltd and/or IL&FS Financial Services Ltd, which are part of the promoter & promoter group, and to SBG Projects Investments Ltd, which comes under the public category.
The board has resolved to complete the process during the quarter ending March 2015 and authorised the executive committee of directors to undertake all steps required in this regard.
Accordingly, it has resolved to withdraw the existing proposal of rights issue of equity shares and the draft letter of offer filed with SEBI on March 28, 2014.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Movie review - UngliWritten by Shubhra Gupta | New Delhi |
Posted: November 28, 2014 6:14 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 6:59 pm
Where to Point the Finger?
A group of masked vigilantes calls itself the Ungli Gang, because its objective is to ungal karo (a colloquialism for “fingering”) the corrupt. Fixing the bad guys can be so much fun, and so cathartic if the right buttons are pressed. Ungli is empty, and left me collecting my jaw from the floor, where it lay through the film.
The “gang” has diverse day jobs. Hooda is a TV journalist with a soft spot for a colleague (Dhupia). Said colleague is told to “uncover” the gang, because, you know, that’s what she does all the time. No one knows what Ranaut does: clearly, she is equally clueless, as she flits about minus direction. Oh, sometimes, she has a mask on. So do Bhoopalam and Bedi. And when they are not busting crooks, they are lifting weights and pressing benches.
Hashmi is a rebellious cop who lives with his hard-working mother. He also has a father-like figure in his ramrod-straight senior Sanjay Dutt (irony much) who goes by the name of Kale, primarily so that his name can figure in a cheesy line. Speaking of cheese, the film has cringe-worthy dialogue bursting with it.
One of the bad guys is a greedy corporator (Manjrekar) who lives in a house which has a room stuffed with ill-gotten cash, stacked in cupboards minus locks. This detail would have been a spoiler in a better film, but here it is just another unbelievable piece of plotting.
The point, presumably, is to show up the rich and the powerful, and make them realize the error of their ways. It is worthy, but is completely lost in this ludicrous story. Is this really a Karan Johar production?
The opening credits are animated, and Ungli would have been better off if all of it had been an animation film, aimed primarily at children. As live action for grown-ups, it is the most amateurish piece of work I’ve seen in a while, all fingers and thumbs.

Wealth Booster: BSE market capitalisation hits Rs 100-trillion mark; investor wealth up 10 times indecadeSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
In a new milestone, the total market capitalisation of all listed firms at the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) today hit a record high of Rs 100 trillion — marking ten-times rise in Indian stock markets’ investor wealth in little over a decade.
The landmark level was reached in early morning trade when the market capitalisation (m-cap) rose to Rs 100.01 lakh crore, but slipped marginally below this level at the close of trading hours.
At the end of the day, the total market value of all BSE listed companies stood at Rs 99,81,572 crore — which was less than 0.2 per cent away from the Rs 100-trillion level, as benchmark Sensex continued its record rally with a gain of over 255 points.
BSE is among the world’s ten largest exchanges in terms of market value, while it is the largest globally for number of firms listed on its platform. It has over 4,000 actively traded companies and nearly 2.7 crore investors trade on it.
Terming this milestone as a reflection of India’s potential as a new age powerhouse, BSE CEO Ashishkumar Chauhan said, “We believe India will use capital market mechanism more over the period to help do wealth creation and job creation.”
In the US dollar terms, the BSE market cap now stands at over USD 1.6 trillion and it has added more than USD 500 billion (Rs 29 lakh crore) this year itself.
The total market capitalisation has more than doubled in the last five years from Rs 50 lakh crore in 2009, while it has grown ten-times since first scaling Rs 10 lakh crore level in 2003.
The Sensex has gained 7,268.23 points or 34.33 per cent so far this year. Continuing its dream-rally, the index hit its all-time high of 28,822.37 today.
The 30 Sensex companies alone, which are among the biggest companies in the country, now account for nearly 50 per cent or about Rs 47 lakh crore of total investor wealth.
This includes TCS, the country’s most valued firm and the only entity to have a market value of over Rs 5 lakh crore, followed by state-run ONGC and private sector behemoth Reliance Industries with market caps of over Rs 3 lakh crore each.
Those commanding market cap of over Rs 2 lakh crore include ITC, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Coal India Ltd.
Besides, HUL, HDFC, Sun Pharma, Bharti Airtel, L&T, Wipro, Tata Motors, HCL Tech, NTPC, HCL Tech and Axis Bank have market cap of over Rs 1 lakh crore each.
Of the overall stock market wealth, promoters command nearly 50 per cent share, while foreign investors own close to 20 per cent and the rest is shared between institutional and retail investors from India.
Chauhan said he was confident that many such milestones would be reached by the Indian markets in times to come.
UBS’ India CEO Aashish Kamat also said the new landmark cements India’s place further as a growing world economic power. “I believe this gets India to roughly 2.5 per cent of the world market cap and the 9th largest equity market globally.”
He added: “If the new government delivers on the economic front then once can see India rise further, given not too many countries are showing the growth/investment potential.”
JP Morgan India CEO Kalpana Morparia said: “Our equity markets now rank among the top 10 in the world in terms of size and it is a matter of time before we make it to the top five.”
According to Sanjay Kumar Singh, CEO of BNP Paribas Securities India, “Although this landmark number seems colossal in itself, when you compare it with GDP, the market cap and GDP ratio is still only at 86 per cent – just marginally above the 10 year average of 80 per cent.”
He said: “With the GDP widely anticipated to grow consistently over the next few years on the back of expected reforms and as the economic cycle turns for the better, the market cap is likely to sustain this growth trend.
“We, therefore, see no reason to worry about the market getting top heavy. India continues to be a long term story and with the actions of various central banks ensuring ample liquidity, India will continue to attract a fair share of flows.”
TAGS: BSE Sensex Market Capitalisation
More from indianmarkets

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty hit all-time highs; state-run lenders gain  SBItopsSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
Markets gained for the third straight session today with benchmark Sensex surging 255.08 points to 28,693.99 and Nifty rising 94.05 points to 8,588.25, led by banking and auto shares, as hopes of a rate cut by RBI brightened after oil prices tumbled to multi-year lows.
FII buying in bluechips and retail investors picking up midcap shares helped markets cement gains. All eyes are now on quarterly GDP data to be released later. Total investor wealth is within a sniffing distance of Rs 100 lakh crore.
The BSE 30-share barometer Sensex spurted by 255.08 points, or 0.90 per cent, to close at new high of 28,693.99. It broke previous peak 28,499.54 recorded on November 24. Intra-day, it touched a new high of 28,822.37, bettering previous lifetime high of 28,541.96 also hit on November 24.
The Sensex has now gained over 355 points three days.
Gainers in the 30-share Sensex included Tata Steel, Tata Motors, M&M, Maruti Suzuki, Coal India, L&T, Hero MotoCorp, NTPC, Hindalco, HDFC, Wipro, ITC Ltd, Tata Power and RIL.
“Sentiments were buoyed by OPEC’s decision to sustain production levels and the subsequent sharp fall in crude prices. Markets are hoping for a rate cut in the RBI policy meeting next week,” said Dipen Shah, Head of Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Similarly, the NSE Nifty barometer topped the 8,600 mark for the first time to hit life-time high of 8,617.00. It finally settled 94.05 points, or 1.11 per cent, higher at record close of 8,588.25. Thus, it surpassed its earlier closing peak of 8,530.15 touched on November 24.
Banking was the front-runner ahead of RBI monetary policy review next week. SBI led gains by rising over 5 per cent. Others such as ICICI Bank, Axis Bank and HDFC Bank also rose.
Globally, brent crude prices fell to trade at over four-year low of USD 71.21 per barrel in Asian trade. This boosted shares of OMCs, paint makers and airline companies.
Sectorally, BSE Banking index gained the most by rising 2.87 per cent, followed by Auto 1.95 per cent, Realty 1.65 per cent and Consumer Durables 1.16 per cent among others.
Mixed closing at other Asian markets and a lower opening in European markets also influenced trading sentiments here.
Foreign investors bought shares worth net Rs 389.73 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.
TAGS: BSE Sensex Sensex And Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Fair Trade Regulator Approves Kotak Mahindra-PineBridge MF DealSpiceJet Allowed to Take Bookings Till March 31 by Regulator
New Delhi: The Competition Commission of India has given nod to Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund's proposed acquisition of schemes run by PineBridge Mutual Fund.
Under the proposed combination, Kotak Mutual Fund would acquire control of the schemes of PineBridge Mutual Fund by way of change in trusteeship, management and administration.
Giving its green signal, the fair trade regulator said the deal is not likely to have appreciable adverse effect on competition in the country.
Most mutual funds in the country, including certain larger players, are offering similar schemes as that provided by the concerned entities, according to the competition watchdog.
Therefore, from demand side perspective, an investor may switch from one mutual fund to another offering similar type of schemes, it added.
The notice seeking approval was given by Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company and Kotak Mahindra Trustee Company.
Kotak AMC manages the mutual fund schemes offered by Kotak MF, a trust with Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd as the sponsor.
PBI Asset Management Company is into managing the schemes of PBI Mutual Fund - a trust sponsored by PineBridge Investments Japan Co.
"The parties' combined market share in the overall market of mutual funds in India would be 3.67 per cent which is significantly lower than the other large players in the mutual fund industry," CCI said in an order dated November 20 and released on Friday.
As per the regulator, at the end of June, Indian mutual fund industry's total average assets under management stood at Rs 9,93,232.40 crore.
The incremental increase in the market share of Kotak MF in the overall market of mutual fund due to the proposed combination would be 0.06 per cent, which is insignificant, the watchdog said.
Story first published on: November 28, 2014 21:53 (IST)

Persuade governor Rajan to lower rates: Chidu to new govtNov 28, 2014, 09.32 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Persuade governor Rajan to lower rates: Chidu to new govt
According to Chidambaram, the problems were identified in 2012, corrective measures were taken, and momentum was built up in sectors such as electricity, coal, agriculture and stalled projects were revived.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Persuade governor Rajan to lower rates: Chidu to new govt
According to Chidambaram, the problems were identified in 2012, corrective measures were taken, and momentum was built up in sectors such as electricity, coal, agriculture and stalled projects were revived.
Post your opinion here
Excerpts from India Business Hour on CNBC-TV18 Watch the full show »
Former finance minister P Chidambaram on Friday asked the BJP government to use its persuasive powers to convince the Reserve Bank governor Raghuram Rajan that a rate cut is an imperative, if for no reason other than to signal to investors and consumers that the economy will move toward a lower interest phase.
"The government seems to have been seduced by the rise in the stock market and the adulation showered at organised Indian diaspora events," he adds.
According to the ex-FM, the problems were identified in 2012, corrective measures were taken, and momentum was built up in sectors such as electricity, coal, agriculture and stalled projects were revived. That momentum should have been maintained - and accelerated - in the first six months of the new government. It did not, and the result is poor Q2 growth.
RELATED NEWS

Youth may be given some military training: GovtAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
India could start some element of military training for its youth, especially in border areas, but compulsory training on the lines of Russia and other countries is ruled out.
Under the programme, which could be launched on trial basis in border areas, military training could be imparted for an hour or as a separate course as part of school and college curriculum, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar told the Rajya Sabha yesterday.
“It can be introduced as an hour in a course or as a separate course. We can work out something like that. We can start on a trial basis. Let us do in some districts in borders where there is more enthusiasm,” he said while replying to a debate on a private member’s bill.
“After consulting members, something will be worked out, may be in few months,” he added.
The bill, moved by Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) member Avinash Rai Khanna during last session of Parliament, proposed one-year compulsory military training in the age group of 14-15. It was defeated by voice vote.
Supporting the intent of the proposal in the bill, Parrikar, however, said compulsory military training was not possible in view of the huge costs of the tune of Rs 60,000 crore each year.
“I would have supported the bill had I been sitting there (in opposition), but I am sitting on this side in government .I will support the bill but I will point out issues which will create problems,” he said.
“The idea is excellent but the bill needs to be withdrawn as it is not possible to provide compulsory military training in age group of 14-15,” he said.
Khanna was not present in the House for withdrawing the bill because of which it was put to vote.
Explaining how the proposal was “not physically possible”, Parrikar said if the country has 16 crore youth in that age group and half of them are fit for training, it will cost the exchequer Rs 60,000 crore each year. There will also be problems on account of infrastructure and resources.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party Manohar Parrikar
More from miscellaneous

Austin shooting: Man fired more than 100 roundsBy: Associated Press | Austin |
Posted: November 29, 2014 11:39 am
Police have not released details on the criminal background of the gunman who allegedly attempted to set the Mexican Consulate in Austin ablaze and fired more than 100 rounds at downtown buildings before he died. Austin police identified the shooter as Larry McQuilliams, 49. They said he had a criminal record but didn’t elaborate.
Investigators were trying to determine his motives after he began shooting at the consulate, Austin police headquarters, the U.S. courthouse and other locations on Friday. Some of the buildings are near the popular Sixth Street entertainment district, where bars close at 2 a.m., about the same time the shootings began Friday. Police Chief Art Acevedo noted that thousands of people are typically on the street at that time.
“Many, many rounds were fired in downtown Austin,” Acevedo said. “With all the people on the streets, we’re very fortunate. I give thanks that no one but the suspect is injured or deceased.”
Mexico’s Foreign Relations Department issued a statement expressing “profound concern and condemnation” of the attack, but also said “there is no evidence the shots were exclusively directed at our facility.” Acevedo said a sergeant who was holding the reins of two police horses after his patrol shot the gunman just outside the main entrance to police headquarters. But Acevedo said it’s not clear if police fatally shot the suspect or if he took his own life. The entire incident lasted about 10 minutes from the first call, Acevedo said.
Officers approached McQuilliams after he had been shot, but noticed cylinders in his vehicle, which was nearby, and discovered he was wearing a vest they thought may be rigged to explode. Officers retreated and a bomb squad was called. It was later determined the items were not explosive.
The fire at the consulate was extinguished before any significant damage was done to the building. The federal courthouse’s guard house was shot several times, as was police headquarters, which Acevedo said was “extensively damaged.” A police tactical team later went to an Austin apartment complex where McQuilliams lived as precaution.
The FBI was also was participating in the investigation. Officers at the scene were seen removing about a dozen small tanks of propane, the type used in camping and the type police said was used in the attempt to set fire to the Mexican Consulate.

Pakistan airstrikes kill 11 militantsBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: November 29, 2014 12:14 pm
Pakistani fighter jets pounded the Taliban hideouts in restive northwestern tribal region, killing at least 21 militants, officials said on Saturday.
The attacks carried out on Friday targeted several hideouts of the Taliban linked militants groups in remote Tirah valley area of Khyber tribal district.
Security officials said that eight militants belonging to the Tariq Afridi group and another three of Lashkar-i-Islam were killed in the attacks. Several hideouts were also destroyed in the strikes.
Pakistan launched operation against the militants in Khyber last month and has so far killed over 150 militants. Most of those killed belong to Lashkar-e-Islam which is controlled by Mangal Bagh, who is an ally of the Taliban.

E-visa facility will encourage businesses to travel to India: Australia India Business CouncilBy: Press Trust of India | Melbourne |
Posted: November 29, 2014 12:21 pm
Indian government’s decision to offer e-visa facility to international tourists from 43 nations will encourage more businesses to travel to the country and spur growth, Australia India Business Council has said.
“This certainly is a great initiative as it will encourage many more businesses to travel more readily to India which will in the long run contribute to a stronger Australia-India business & trade relationship,” AIBC national vice chair Sheba Nandkeolyar said.
Welcoming the government’s decision of offering e-visa facility to international tourists from 43 nations, including Australia, Nandkeolyar said the new move would contribute to “stronger business and trade ties between the two sides.”
“We often receive desperate calls from Australian businessmen who request us to help them expedite their business visas to visit India for business purposes,” she said.
“E-visas on arrival would make it much easier for businessmen to travel to India,” Nandkeolyar said adding that, “AIBC is very pleased with the launch of this new initiative.”
She said the new initiative would also open up medical tourism and spur tourists growth for India.
“Truly a very strong message to the world that India is getting rid of complicated  ways and embracing more simplified and easier ways in keeping with today’s lifestyle,” Nandkeolyar said of the decision.
Earlier this week, the government announced the much-awaited electronic-visa system for visitors from 43 countries, including the US, Australia, Brazil, Germany, Japan and Russia.
A tourist from these countries would now be able to apply for an e-visa through the designated website and pay the fee online to get an Electronic Travel Authorisation (ETA) within 72 hours.
The facility will be available initially at nine airports — Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Bengaluru, Kochi, Thiruvanthapuram, Hyderabad and Goa.
The addition of 43 countries is the first phase of the roll out and more countries will soon be added.
E-visa will be valid for 30 days and a tourist can avail the facility twice a year.
Prime Minsiter Narendra Modi on his recent visit to Australia also signed an agreement on promoting tourism with his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott.
Modi had further sought Australian investment in the tourism sector, especially cruise tourism.

Meet the winners of ET Awards live  at 7 pmUday Shankar
CEO, Star India
Meet the team of 11 who picked India Inc’s best and brightest. The ET Awards jury included some of India’s top industrialists, bankers and lawyers. Know more
NEWS
Raising a Toast to India Inc
The short-term forces are well known. Since 2011, large chunks of the economy have been gripped by policy paralysis. Companies in the natural resources sector have of course been high-profile victims, but manufacturing too has suffered as the economy has slowed. The Modi government has been seeking to break this logjam since taking charge in May with a series of reform measures. The impact this has will be reflected in time.
Exclusive Interview with Yusuf Hamied – Chairman, Cipla
Yusuf Khwaja Hamied, 78, came to the world's attention in 2001 when he said his company Cipla would make AIDS medicines for $1 a day, at a time when the disease was ravaging the poor in Africa and elsewhere and such drugs were prohibitively expensive for most. More importantly, he delivered on this pledge.
Achhe Din for Both Old and New Economy at ET Awards
The winners of the ET Awards for Corporate Excellence for 2014 are a diverse bunch, ranging from a businessman who has built India's largest pharmaceutical company by revenue and market capitalisation to rapidly growing new economy firms that are emblematic of the country's claims to technological prowess.
Nadella Heads for India, to Chair ET Awards Jury
Satya Nadella, the CEO of Microsoft Corporation, will head an 11-member jury to choose the winners of the 2014 edition of the ET Awards. Nadella, who be came only the third leader of the software company in February , will head a panel whose members include some of India's top industrialists, bankers and lawyers.
#ETAwards

Death toll in Venezuelan prison overdose up to 35By: Associated Press | Caracas |
Posted: November 27, 2014 12:24 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 12:52 pm
The death toll has risen to 35 from what Venezuelan authorities say was a mass drug overdose after inmates stormed an infirmary during a prison uprising.
Ruling party lawmaker William Ojeda who heads the congressional committee overseeing Venezuela’s prisons says 100 other inmates are still being treated for intoxication. He says 20 of them are in critical condition.
The government said earlier this week that 13 people died during the disturbances that began Monday when prisoners launched a hunger strike to demand better conditions and force out the prison’s warden.
The chief prosecutor’s office Friday that is preparing to file charges against the warden for the deaths.

Watch: Young Kashmiris speak outHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Data sharing over Bluetooth may get fasterNov 29, 2014 at  01:13pm IST
Data sharing over Bluetooth may get faster
0
London: Your Bluetooth device may soon become faster at transferring data!
Researchers are looking into ways information can be shared quickly and effectively using Bluetooth technology. Bluetooth technology is the most widespread standard wireless communication. One of its applications is the creation of electronic sensor networks.
Researchers at the University of the Basque Country in Spain studied the performance of Bluetooth networks and measured the delays taking place in information transmission time.
Researchers are looking into ways information can be shared quickly and effectively using Bluetooth technology. ( File sharing , via Shutterstock)
#bluetooth #file sharing #data sharing #phones
Transmitting the information received quickly and effectively is essential if a sensor is to successfully carry out its function.
"Let's suppose that we need a system for monitoring vital signs in a home for the elderly; preferably a wireless system. Using the deployed standard, the sensors that will be communicating via Bluetooth are connected to each other," said Josu Etxaniz-Maranon from the university's Electronic Design Research Group.
"The elderly individuals in the home are fitted with these sensors which are used to measure their body temperature, heart rate, etc and to forward the data to the nursing department," said Etxaniz.
Time is a critical factor in a network of this type, and the interval that elapses between measuring a person's heart-rate and receiving the data should be as short as possible, he added.
The research group has designed a hardware platform with specific cards that communicate via Bluetooth and form networks.
"We have transferred the data from one end of the network to the other, and then brought them back," said Etxaniz. In multi-hop systems, the data pass through more than one node as they make their way towards the "finishing post".
Researchers carried out numerous tests with the platforms and changed the parameters that could affect time performance: how the connections between the nodes work, type of data chunk assigned by the standard used for communications, etc. They also developed two specific methodologies for gathering information on the times.
They determined the behaviour of some of the support nodes of the standard Bluetooth, as well as how the data processing and communication tasks affect the general delay.
"One of the results which attracted our attention most was when we confirmed that there isn't the slightest delay when the nodes are permanently on; on the other hand, the delay varied between one hop and another," said Etxaniz.
In this mode of working, the delay displays a parabolic trend. According to Etxaniz, it is essential to take this factor into consideration so that the Bluetooth networks can be effective.
12

Singer Chinmayi praises Sonakshi Sinha for her effort in learningTamilBy: Press Trust of India | Chennai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:09 pm
Actress Sonakshi Sinha, who surprised Rajinikanth with her performance in ‘Lingaa’, earned praise from popular playback singer Chinmayi who has dubbed for her in the upcoming Tamil movie.
Chinmayi, who has dubbed for the 26-year-old actress in Tamil and Telugu in the multilingual film, said it was refreshing to see the effort Sonakshi has put in, in learning the Tamil lines.
“It is her first Tamil film and her sincerity showed. She could have actually tried dubbing for herself in Tamil if not for the fact that it wouldn’t have sounded like a Tamil native. If at all she does act in some urban love story she could dub for herself,” Chinmayi posted on a social networking site.
A source from the film’s production team had recently said, “It is Sonakshi’s debut in the south and we all are quite fascinated, including Rajinikanth sir, by how she has adapted to the south movies so quickly. Even though it is a completely new language for Sonakshi, she has been pretty quick with the shooting…”
Chinmayi missed out on a chance to sing in the Rajinikanth starrer as she was travelling but director Ravikumar made sure she was part of the movie and got her to dub for Sonakshi.
“And yes after Shivaji this is the first time I didn’t get to sing in a superstar film. But I definitely believe all that happens is for the very best,” she told PTI.
Besides Sonakshi, the other lead actress is Anushka Shetty. The music for the film, scheduled for release in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi on December 12, is by A R Rahman.
Chinmayi, who has dubbed for actresses like Trisha (‘Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa’ (VTV), Samantha (Ye Maaya Chesaave (Telugu version) and Tammanah (Kandaen Kaadhalai), feels dubbing artistes do not get due recognition.
Except the Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh state governments, there are no awards for dubbing artistes, Chinmayi said.
She said in her posting on a social networking site that she was not a dubbing artiste “by my primary profession” and dub “for the fun of it.”
“A dubbing artiste does a lot of repair work for an artiste who doesn’t naturally speak the language they are acting in. The next time you watch a villain or an actor whom you know to be a non-native speaker of the language, watch the lip-sync. You’ll know the amount of work that dubbing artistes have been putting in to elevate the performance of the actors.”
“There have been generations of artistes who have gone unsung and have been (and continue to be) routinely underpaid for their efforts.”

Removal of import curbs to improve official supplies:WGCBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:07 pm
With the easing of gold import restrictions, the metal’s supply through official channels will improve and benefit genuine exporters and manufacturers of gold jewellery, World Gold Council said today.
The government yesterday scrapped a scheme under which it was mandatory for importers to export 20 per cent of the gold they imported. It was put in place in August 2013 to check high gold imports that had widened the current account deficit.
Welcoming the government’s surprise move, WGC India Managing Director Somasundaram PR said: “The timing of this development though surprising, will definitely boost confidence in general, and in the jewellery industry, in particular.
“The official supply situation must now ease to the benefit genuine exporters and manufacturers of gold jewellery.”
The sharp gold imports in recent months were not triggered by changes in demand estimates but were more likely due to expectation of additional curbs, he added.
Asserting that India should move beyond curbs on gold imports, Somasundaram said: “Itâ€™s time to re-engage all stakeholders to develop a coherent long term policy on gold that is aligned to the nationâ€™s growth objectives.
“It is imperative, that we find ways of mobilising and monetising the household savings embedded in gold stocks through the formal financial sector for the benefit of the economy as a whole.”
The discussions must focus on how the industry can contribute to the country’s prosperity in the next five years, he added.
WGC maintained that gold demand in India, the world’s largest consumer, in 2014 would be in the 850-950 tonnes range, slightly lower than last year.

Grenade attack at Lal Chowk in Srinagar  at least 4injuredBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:03 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 8:15 pm
At least eight people, including a father-son duo and a CRPF sub-inspector, suffered minor injuries in a grenade blast near Palladium Cinema in busy Lal Chowk in Srinagar on Saturday.
“Eight persons were injured when a militant lobbed a grenade near Palladium Cinema in Lal Chowk,” a police
spokesman said. He said among the injured were a father-son duo — Ghulam Nabi Nayak and his eight-year-old son Farooq Ahmad — and CRPF sub-inspector Hari Ram Devakar.
“All the injured were shifted to a hospital where first aid was given to them,” the spokesman said, adding, police and security forces have cordoned off the area.
SDPO Kothibagh Faisal Qayoom said police have started investigations and will be looking at the CCTV footage to
track down the militant who lobbed the grenade.
This is first grenade attack in Srinagar city since militants made an abortive bid to attack an election rally in Khanyar during Lok Sabha polls earlier this year.
The attack comes as electioneering for the Assembly elections in the city has started picking up. Polls in the city will be held in the fourth phase on December 14.

Egyptian court acquits former president Mubarak over 2011 protesterdeathsBy: Reuters | Cairo |
Posted: November 29, 2014 2:49 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 10:28 am
Ousted Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was on Saturday acquitted by an Egyptian court which found him not guilty in the killing of hundreds of protesters during the 2011 revolution that toppled his 30-year rule, overturning an earlier ruling. Judge Mahmud Kamel al-Rashidi also acquitted Mubarak of corruption charges for exporting gas to Israel.
READ: Thousands protest Mubarak verdict in Egypt, 1 killed 
The court ruled that Mubarak’s seven former security commanders, including his former interior minister Habib al-Adly, were “innocent” in the killing of anti-government protesters during the 2011 revolution.
The 86-year-old, dressed in his trademark shades and wearing the blue clothes of a convict, was wheeled into the caged dock on an upright stretcher. His two sons were also acquitted from all corruption charges.
Mubarak and his co-defendants were found guilty in June 2012 and sentenced to life imprisonment. The initial verdict was appealed successfully and a retrial began in April 2013. He is serving a separate three-year prison term for embezzlement of public funds.

Return of youth from Syria-Iraq a new challenge: IB Director AsifIbrahimBy: Press Trust of India | Guwahati |
Posted: November 29, 2014 2:40 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 2:46 pm
Terming Pakistan-based terror groups like Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammad a constant security threat, Director of Intelligence Bureau Asif Ibrahim on Saturday said return of the battle-hardened youth from Iraq and Syria poses a new challenge to the country.
“Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammad remain a constant threat to our national security,” he said addressing the 49th annual conference of DGPs, IGPs of all States, Union Territories and Central Police Organisations heads in Guwahati organised by the Intelligence Bureau.
Referring to the terrorist violence in Iraq and Syria, Ibrahim said the two countries have emerged as new theatres of ‘Jihadi’ violence. “The return of the battle-hardened youths from these regions into India poses a fresh challenge,” he said.
A youth from Mumbai’s suburb Kalyan, Areeb Majeed, who was believed to have been killed while fighting for militant group ISIS in Syria, returned to the metropolis on Friday and was arrested after joint interrogation by NIA and Maharashtra ATS.
Commenting on the high voter turnout in the first phase of polling in Jammu and Kashmir, Ibrahim said it is an indication of the people rejecting the militant groups there, “There has been a marked improvement in the situation in Jammu and Kashmir though there was marginal increase of incidents in 2014.
The high voter turnout is an indication of the people rejecting the militant groups there,” he said, adding that people of the state have “reposed their faith in democracy.”
The security forces have to, however, maintain a high level of alertness and vigil as the threat from militant groups remains in the hinterland, the IB chief said.
“Indian Mujahideen has created terror modules. This has been compounded by the recent developments in Syria and Iraq”, he said. Ibrahim said due to sustained pressure of the security forces, the CPI (Maoists), which is the most violent Naxal group, is besieged with serious problems.
“It is time to formulate a fresh strategy to degrade the core capabilities of the group,” he said. The Director of IB said security situation in the North-East remained fragile due to certain insurgent groups remaining out of the ambit of mainstream politics.
On the issue of recruitment to terror modules through social networking websites, he said, “Their recruitment is made through Internet and social media sites. Security agencies will have to remain alert on such cyber activities”.

PM Narendra Modi promises to develop Jharkhand as number onestatePosted: November 29, 2014 2:28 pm
 
Promising to make Jharkhand the number one state in the country, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said the government would rein in all the looters of minerals and benefit the state to the tune of Rs 20,000 crore in the next few years.
He said the on-going assembly election in Jharkhand will decide the future of the mineral-rich state and appealed to the people of Jharkhand not to treat it as an ordinary poll.
Likening the tribal state, formed in 2000, to children in the age group of 13-14 years who grow up slowly but mature fast between the ages of 13-18 yrs, he said Jharkhand too has entered the stage where it will take off fast and promised to help it grow and become the number one state of the country if BJP was voted to power.
“This election will decide the fate of the state and help it move on the path of development, if you vote for a majority government. Jharkhand has enough power in terms of its mineral deposits and can lead the country but unfortunately, the state was looted since its creation 14 years ago,” he said.
Highlighting the coal policy framed by the NDA government, the prime minister said it “would rein in all the looters of minerals and benefit Jharkhand to the tune of Rs 20,000 crore in the next few years”.
Accusing Congress of failing to mend its ways despite the debacle it suffered in the parliamentary poll, Modi said why should the people of the country vote for it when it was not ready to change.
He said India is being respected across the world because it now has a strong and stable government and asked the people to vote for a majority government headed by BJP in Jharkhand.
Addressing an election rally here, he said the country has rejected the dynastic rule and voted BJP to power with full majority.

Happy Birthday Fawad Khan: The Khoobsurat prince turns33Written by Sonal Gera | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 2:26 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 2:34 pm
He’s yet to make it big; but has already made it large, for his demeanour, his baritone just wins you over.
Of all the ways Fawad Afzal Khan impresses you with, the one that really stikes a chord and leaves you mighty ‘bowled out’ is the way he smiles. And if you question him anything, as far as I have observed in his interviews, he smiles less (Thank Goodness for this… Smiles can kill!) and speakes even lesser.
A self confessed shy guy and a die hard romantic at heart, this Pakistani actor celebrates his 33rd birthday today and we can’t help but gap in awe of this. He doesn’t look like 33, does he?
Born into a Punjabi family in Karachi, Pakistan, Fawad’s childhood was way more interesting that anybody else’s. He lived in Athens, Dubai, Riyadh and Manchester till the age of 13. A good student, Fawad was studying Computer Sciences when he decided to take up modelling and acting. He went to act in stage plays. His first tele series ‘Satrangi’ and ‘Dil Deke Jayenge’ didn’t do much for him.
The first breakthrough in his career came with the tele drama ‘Humsafar’ in which he co-starred with actress Mahira Khan. The show, the actors and the chemistry of the lead pair – everything about the show was appreciated by one and all. Since then, there has been no looking back for this talented actor as he went on to amass critical acclaim as well as the love of the audiences for his portrayal of Ashar in the series.
Next came ‘Zindagi Gulzar Hai’ with Sanam Saeed which kind of cemented his place in the Pakistan industry.
We, the people of India, got the privilege to have a dekko of his acting demeanour when Zee Network launched its special channel to showcase tele series from that part of the border – Zindagi.
And Fawad dawned like a shimmering light.
With every emotion he portrayed in ‘Zindagi Gulzar Hai’ and ‘Humsafar’, be it of the romantic husband, the possessive lover or the obedient son, girls swooned over him and he apparently, as the reports say, earned Sanam and Mahira a herd of many an envious girls. And with the repertoire of being the eye witness to many such incidents, I totally vouch for this – “Oh I wish I were in her place!”
And when the whole world was going gaga over Fawad, how could the BTowners survive the Fawad wave?! Shashanka Ghosh decided to cast him for her debut directorial venture ‘Khoobsurat’ opposite Sonam Kapoor. The movie did quite well at the Box Office and better for Fawad as he was noticed for his portrayal of the Regal Prince – Vikram Singh Rathore – in the movie. Even during the promotional duties of the movie, Fawad was seen garnering more attention than Sonam and for the first time, we could see somebody, and that too a male co star, shouldering the responsibility of dressing up well for the events.
Fawad, as he puts it, is living a dream and has indeed become a dream guy for many women in the country. But hold your horses! Fawad Afzal Khan is already taken!
Fawad married his wife Sadaf in November 2005, even before entering the industry. He had met her when he was 17 and decided to spend the rest of life with her. Too SRKish, right? Well, maybe that’s why they say, Fawad is Pakistan’s answer to Shah Rukh Khan!
But if you thought this was IT to this upcoming superstar, you just might be wrong. Wait till you here his deep baritone for he can actually sing! He began his music career with Pakistani rock band Entity Paradigm as the lead vocalist. His first album ‘Irtiqa’ received wide critical appreciation, especially the popular romantic track ‘Rahguzar’. He is also the owner of one of Pakistan’s most popular fashion labels – Silk by Fawad Khan, looked after by his wife.
And there’s a very sad fact about this actor too. The actor whose sweetness drips and trips over many a girl is a diabetes patient. In an interview, Fawad said that diabetes is the reason why he could not concentrate both on singing and acting simultaneously.
The actor-singer, who has taken the Indian Film Industry and the women folk by storm, in equal measures, is as expected climbing up the stairs of success. It’s reported that his next venture will be Amrita Pritam’s biopic. Sonakshi Sinha will be seen reprising the poetess in the movie, while Fawad will play her husband Imroze.
The more said, the lesser it is for this shining star. So until the time he gives us another reason to write about him and another tune to hum and sing, I play ‘Woh Humsafar Thha’ on loop again and wish the hailed ‘connecting bridge between India and Pakistan’ a very happy birthday!

India overtakes China in corporate governanc...India overtakes China in corporate governance rankings
IANS Nov 29, 2014, 12.48PM IST
Tags:
ASEAN
(Scoring more than China,…)
KOLKATA: India has emerged as the leader in global developing markets for having the clearest and most comprehensive policies on corporate governance, according to a latest study.
Scoring more than China, India is at par with Malaysia and Australia ranking 4th across 25 markets globally and is at the 2nd spot in the Europe-Middle East-Asia (EMA) market category, said the study jointly conducted by KPMG and ACCA.
Changes relating to the role and responsibilities of the audit committee, the roles of independent directors, and the codified duties of board of directors as a whole helped India score the leading rank.
A higher ranking in corporate governance (CG) essentially builds more confidence in capital markets as shareholders feel assured about the transparency and the efficacy of top management in the company.
According to KPMG, corporate governance is critical for the Asean region on account of the expectations of high growth rates.
"This reflects the improving standard of corporate governance in India over the years. The results of the study are testimony that these are resonating well with key stakeholders and their perception of the governance standards in India is also improving", said Richard Rekhy , CEO, KPMG India.
Corporate governance requirements in terms of clarity, degree of enforceability and number and type of instruments used by the 25 markets were analysed in the study.
The study found that most markets introduced their CG Codes between 1992 and 2004 and on an average, markets revised their CG Codes 2.4 times.
Also, interestingly, it was noted that 76 percent of the markets had revised their CG Codes after the Global Financial Crisis in 2008; however, markets like Indonesia, South Korea and China didn't revise the same for a considerable time.
"There is also a mindset change in how key players in the governance framework engage with other stakeholders including minority shareholders. These, when implemented, can position India even higher in the ranking," Rekhy added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rift with AMU nears its end  BJP calls-off protest over proposed event11
0
Aligarh: The stand-off between the Aligarh Muslim University and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) seems to be ending. The BJP has relented and decided to call off the protest it had planned at the university gates after the Vice Chancellor Zameeruddin Shah gave his nod to hold a seminar of Raja Mahendra Pratap.
"The VC has agreed to do a seminar. We are satisfied with it and have decided not to hold a protest outside the campus, we will hold celebrations near the statue," BJP MP Satish Gautam said.
The AMU Vice Chancellor had earlier, made it clear that he would not be arm-twisted. He had written to the Human Resource Development (HRD) ministry warning that the celebrations on December 1 could lead to "massive student unrest" and had raised a possibility of a communal flare up.
#amu #bjp #raja mahendra pratap singh #zameer uddin shah
A row had broke out over the birth anniversary celebrations of 'jat leader' Raja Mahendra Pratap - a freedom fighter who donated land for the University Campus. BJP has been alleging that the university is not giving due respect to the Jat leader. However, the VC had said, "there are hundreds of donors, we can't go on celebrating days of donors."
A resurgent BJP in Uttar Pradesh is looking at the AMU as the last bastion to conquer before the big 2017 state elections.
Political war game has begun, with other parties accusing the BJP of politicising the issue. BSP Chief Mayawati accused the BJP of trying to spread communal tension while a local SP MLA Zafar Alam voiced "serious concern" over likely repercussions of the rally. NCP leader Tariq Anwar also accused the BJP of trying to worsen the communal atmosphere in UP.
The BJP, though rubbished allegations that it is politicising the issue to gain Jat votes and maintained that their efforts were only to honour a leader.
8

I-T recovers Rs 100 crore diamond  Rs 10 crore cash from Noida chief engineer s residence14
1
Noida: The Income Tax department has recovered diamonds worth Rs 100 crore, 2 kilos of gold and Rs 10 crore in cash from the residence of tainted Noida chief engineer Yadav Singh.
Raids were carried out at two dozen locations in NCR simulatenously. It revealed that the official had floated several shell companies. It also found Rs 10 crore in cash stashed in a car outside Singh's house.
The illegal assets recovered comes as a huge embarrassment for the Akhilesh Yadav government.
The raid revealed that the official had floated several shell companies.
#noida #noida engineer #yadav singh #income tax
Singh had been accused in another case and had been declared an absconder in 2012. But in 2013, the state government reinstated him and even gave him additional charge as Chief Engineer of Greater NOIDA and in charge of Yamuna Expressway Authority.
57

Things to Know Before You Sell Your HouseThings to Know Before You Sell Your House
India  Australia postpone 1st Test as cricket world mourns Hughes deathIndia, Australia postpone 1st Test as cricket world mourns Hughes death
PTI
Reuters A sign of tribute to Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes can be seen outside the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Adelaide, Nov 29:  
With the cricket world mourning Phillip Hughes’ tragic death, next week’s first Test between India and Australia was today pushed back to an unspecified date to let the players attend the late batsman’s funeral scheduled on Wednesday in his hometown.
In a statement issued today, Cricket Australia said that it was neither feasible nor fair to begin the Test on December 4 as originally planned.
“The first Test between Australia and India that was scheduled to start in Brisbane next Thursday has been postponed until an unspecified date to allow the cricket world time to grieve over the death of Phillip Hughes,” the statement said.
“With funeral arrangements for Hughes confirmed for his home town of Macksville – midway between Brisbane and Sydney – next Wednesday afternoon, Cricket Australia has confirmed that it was neither feasible nor fair to begin the Test as originally planned the next day,” it added.
The CA said that its officials have maintained close contact with the BCCI since Hughes was critically injured on Tuesday. The 25-year-old died two days later as a result of the injuries he received on being struck by a bouncer while batting in a Sheffield Shield match at the SCG.
“It is understood that the BCCI, and the Indian Test squad which is currently in Adelaide where a scheduled two-day warm-up match was to have been played yesterday and today was cancelled, have been understanding and supportive of the unprecedented circumstances.
“The life and achievements of Hughes, who would have turned 26 tomorrow, will be honoured and celebrated at a funeral service to be held in the Sports Hall at Macksville High School where Hughes was a student until his move to Sydney in 2006 to pursue his cricket dream,” the CA said.
The funeral will be telecast live on Channel Nine, while ABC Local Radio and the Fairfax Radio Network will also broadcast the service live around the country. It will also be streamed live on Cricket Australia’s website and mobile app.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Arif Majeed with alleged ISIS links arrestedAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
Arif Majeed (23) from neighbouring Kalyan, who until now was believed to have been killed while fighting for militant group ISIS in Syria, was tonight arrested hours after he landed in Mumbai.
Majeed, who was grilled central security agencies alongwith NIA before he was taken into custody, will be produced tomorrow before a designated NIA court, official sources said.
A case has been slapped against ISIS and its operatives under Sec.125 of the IPC which deals with waging war against any Asiatic country which has friendly ties with India, entailing maximum punishment of life imprisonment.
A notification was issued by the Union Home Ministry late tonight directing NIA to register the case.
Arif appeared “highly radicalised” is likely to face action, police said.
In May this year, four youths from Kalyan-Shaheen Tanki, Fahad Shaikh and Aman Tandel, besides Arif–had left India to visit holy places in the West Asia, but they disappeared thereafter and since then were suspected to have joined the Sunni extremist group.
Arif returned early this morning and was quizzed by the NIA and Maharashtra Anti Terrorism Squad (ATS), a police officer said.
Soon after his return, Arif was made to undergo a medical examination, according to a source.
His family friend Iftekhar Khan told PTI, “Arif’s father Ejaz received a phone call from security agencies this morning saying his son is in Mumbai.”
According to police, the four engineering students flew to Baghdad on May 23 as part of a group of 22 pilgrims to visit religious shrines in Iraq.
The next day, Arif had called his family from Baghdad and apologised for having left without informing them. Upon returning to India, other pilgrims had told police that Arif, Fahad, Aman and Shaheen had hired a taxi to Fallujah, a city west of Baghdad which had emerged as the epicentre of Iraq’s deadly insurgency.
“On August 26, Shaheen Tanki called up Arif’s family and told them that their son had become a ‘martyr’ claiming that the latter died fighting for ISIS in Syria,” a family friend Ateek Khan had told reporters.
Accordingly the next day, Arif’s family performed ‘Janaza-e-gayabana’ (prayers for the departed soul in absence of the body) in Kalyan.
Recently, Arif’s father Ejaz Majeed had reportedly met the NIA and told them his son had fled from the IS-controlled areas to Turkey after fighting for the militant group for nearly three months and wants to return to India.
TAGS: ISIS
More from miscellaneous

Businesses must first figure out why they do  what they do: Peter DockerShamni Pande      Follow @ShamniPande    Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 08:58 IST
Leadership Expert Peter Docker (Photo: Shekhar Ghosh)
The secret of successful brands such as Apple and Virgin is that these companies have a grip on why they do, what they do and this is what all businesses must do to succeed, leadership and motivational expert Peter Docker said on Saturday.
"Successful leaders and brands first begin with 'why' and then get on to the 'what' and 'how' to do what they do,"  Docker told a packed audience of CEOs and industry veterans on the second day of Business Today's MindRush conclave in New Delhi. The brands that figure out their integral belief and purpose of choosing to do what they do are invariably more successful than others, he added.
Docker conducted a more than two-hour session that was intended to make leaders aware of how the brain works and how to engage in Right-to-Left thinking. In fact, he admitted to drawing on views by Simon Sinek's theory of The Golden Circle, who authored a book on Start with Why: How Great Leaders Inspire Everybody to Take Action.
FULL COVERAGE: MindRush 2014
Docker had everybody's attention when he started the session with an anecdote on Malala Yousafzai , the yougest Nobel Peace Prize winner, who's famously said that one child, one teacher, one book, one pen can change the world.
Docker spoke about how simple thoughts and speech had the power to get people hooked. But it isn't easy to be simple, he said. He gave examples of how telecom operators in the UK were busy dishing out deals to the point that business was getting unsustainable. To counter this, he cited the case of how Virgin regained its railway franchise from the UK government, based on customer demand and loyalty - despite it being given out at a higher price.
Underpinning all this was also the way people tended to use their brain and rely on what he called 'lymbic brain'. That is, people use emotions to often make decisions. He talked about how people tended to think left to right, in that they used past experience to determine future decisions. "But that was not how visionary business or action could take place," said Docker. Often, leaders do the opposite, they take right-to-left decisions that involve them standing in the future. The most famous instance being that JF Kennedy, who declared that the US would put a man on the moon and bring him back.
Successful vision building involved complete committment to a belief and declaration of that belief on part of the leader. It has to be sustained with adaptive leadership, ability to inpire trust and ability to build and maintain relationships, Docker said.

India-Australia Test postponed after Hughes ...Australia
(The funeral of Hughes, who…)
SYDNEY: The first test between Australia and India, scheduled to start in Brisbane on Thursday, has been postponed until an as yet unspecified date after the death of batsman Phillip Hughes , Cricket Australia said on Saturday.
The funeral of Hughes, who died at the age of 25 on Thursday after being struck on the head by a ball while playing a domestic match at the Sydney Cricket Ground two days earlier, will take place in his hometown of Macksville on Wednesday.
"These are extraordinary circumstances and we simply couldn't or wouldn't expect our players to be emotionally ready to start a test match the day after farewelling one of their team mates," Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland said in a news release.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Thousands from across the State protest against ban on KambalaUpdated: November 29, 2014 15:33 IST
Thousands from across the State protest against ban on ‘Kambala’
Mohit M. Rao
Thousands of fans of Kambala participated in a protest with buffalo march agenest the ban of Kambala in Mangaluru. Photo: H.S.Manjunath
TOPICS
Mangalore
Thousands of people from across the State arrived in the city on Saturday in protest of the ban against Kambala (slush track buffalo racing). The protesters – representing various organisations and even bringing along numerous buffaloes – took out a match from Ambedkar Circle (Jyothi Circle) to the Deputy Commissioner's office emphasising that the rural sport did not entail "any form of cruelty" to animals.
In mid-November, Udupi and Dakshina Kannada district administrations prohibited the traditional sport - conducted across the coast post-monsoon – following a request by the Animal Welfare Board of India based on a Supreme Court order on May 7 against cruelty towards animals in the guise of entertainment.
However, protesters said that in Kambala, participating buffaloes were not whipped. A buffalo can run across the 150 m slush track in 13.5 seconds, implying that the rider cannot "possibly" torture the buffalo in this short duration. The speed at which the buffaloes ran also indicated the propensity of the animal to sprint, making Kambala as much a game of skill as horse racing, said the protesters who gathered under the banner of the Kambala Organising Committee.
Apart from taking the legal route – the ban has been challenged by the Committee in the High Court – the protesters demanded political representatives from the district pressure the State and Central governments to exclude Kambala from the list of sports where animals are "tortured ".

Gold at 2-week low on easing of import curbs by RBIGold at 2-week low on easing of import curbs by RBI
Bhartiya Mahila Bank eyes Rs 1 000-cr deposits  Rs 800-cr loan book by March-endBhartiya Mahila Bank eyes Rs 1 000-cr deposits  Rs 800-cr loan book by March-end
IMF lauds WTO decisions on TFA  food securityIMF lauds WTO decisions on TFA  food security
Ruling Siumut party retains slim majority in Greenland electionRuling Siumut party retains slim majority in Greenland election
Ferguson protesters disrupt Black Friday shoppingFerguson protesters disrupt Black Friday shopping
Dear nw bro!! you are right! it is very difficult to do ta on stocks t...52 Followers
Reposted about 16 days 7 hrs 43 min 8 sec ago by sbkjrf123
Dear NW Bro!! You are right! It is very difficult to do TA on stocks that are thinly traded, move in circuits and can be easily manipulated.. It is better to avoid unless there is fundamental value in these stocks!
As far as Shree Hari Chem is concerned, I would like to let everyone know that it produces H Acid! The product wasin great demand last year and the other major competitor to India was China in this product.. However, producing H Acid has many concerns of which one of the concern in pollution and environment depletion.. Majority of the factories in China had shut down last year.. Prices increased from 400 to 4000 in a year and Indian companies like Shree Hari Chem, Bhageria Dyechem, Bodal Chemicals made a killing of a profit.. Profits that they havent seen in past many years put together.. Result? EPS increased by unimaginable amount.. However, in this year looking at the prices, Chinese factories have again started production of H Acid and prices have dropped back to 400-500 levels.. The drop in prices has been very rapid too.. many retail investors have got into these stocks as they see value which is not there anymore and we are back to square 1... Big investors who had loaded these stocks and made them reach new levels are out in the market to sell them and make profits now and trap retail investors once again.. At all UCs, these investors are selling! Advise caution!
Regards,

Very bad results as compare to last 3 years and this is now negative l...Platinum Member
136 Followers
Very bad results as compare to last 3 years and this is now negative last low 0.60 when reulst was just not so bad. but now  very bad situation then last 1 yrs also.
3.58 PM Nov 29th  | Track

Hahaha... justgold  what do you want to prove by putting this fact  ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yes atleast 23 shares application can be approved not below that.New Member
0 Follower
U can apply to buy in multiple of 23 shares and can apply upto 310 shares. at this time u cant apply to buy less than 23 shares. i hope u got your answer.
In reply to : Guest message
12.36 PM Dec 1st

McMass Project  Wants to Put a McDonald s in a Churchmcmass project  wants to put a mcdonald s in a church
5 Ways Black Friday Shoppers Are Like My Toddlerreddit
Sure, I love a half-price blender as much as the next girl. And who doesn't need a discounted life-size Olaf doll? But the lines, the crowds, the fighting over a 20% off Elsa dress like survivors battling over a can of tuna on The Walking Dead -- those are all things I can live without.
As a mom to two small kids, I have enough stress in my life. In fact, Black Friday shopping is a little too reminiscent of a bad day with my 2-year-old. Here are five ways dealing with Black Friday Shoppers is like dealing with my melting-down toddler.
1. They need a nap. Yes, I'm talking about you, wild-eyed Walmart shopper who's been waiting since 5 a.m. to save $40 on an iPad. If I wanted to deal with a sleep-deprived crank bomb shouting at me for not walking through the door fast enough, I'd listen to my 2-year-old rant for an hour because he missed his nap. Sorry, but I think I'll stay in bed until someone without a circular rouses me at a more humane hour.
2. They need a cookie. Think that shopper who's been dreaming of sugar plums and Target door busters is going to break for a nutritious breakfast? Not likely. Just as my toddler melts down when his tiny tummy is empty, a shopper who's replaced sustenance with discounted shower curtains is not a pretty sight.
3. They need a time-out. It's no fun trying to appease a toddler who's screaming like a howler monkey because I moved his toy truck while vacuuming. It's even less fun dealing with a 40-year-old man throwing a fit because I'm standing between him and a shiny new Nintendo Wii, complete with Super Mario 3D World. I'm pretty sure I get enough crazy at home.
4. They need a pacifier. It's one thing for a sassy 2-year-old to command me to "move!" when I cross his path in the supermarket. It's quite another to feel like I've rolled my shopping cart onto the set of Pulp Fiction. There's something about competitive shopping that brings out the potty mouth in bargain hunters -- and I'm referring to stronger words than the "poopy head" occasionally heard around my dinner table.
5. They need a lesson in sharing. My toddler's favorite word at the moment is "mine" -- which apparently includes everything from his sister's doll to Mommy's car. Similarly, a Black Friday shopper is obsessed with accumulating more and more stuff. During this season of giving, it would be nice if we could take a break from frantically grabbing all the toys in sight, and appreciate what we do have -- instead of shouting "mine" each time we spot a 30% off smartphone. After all, isn't that what Thanksgiving is all about?
I know Black Friday is a tradition, and many people survive it with their dignity and bank accounts intact. I, however, plan on staying home this Thanksgiving and Black Friday. Surviving a meal with a toddler is challenging enough without dashing off to the mall while he's still attempting to inhale the pumpkin pie.
And, come Friday, while the shoppers are battling the hordes at the local chain store, I'll be doing what I do every day -- battling for a few moments of peace and quiet. And, of course, thanking the universe for my overtired and adorable blessings -- potty mouths and all.
This post originally appeared on the blog Mommy A to Z . Follow Mommy A to Z on Twitter and Facebook .
Follow Meredith Hale on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MommyAtoZ
More:

Ready or not: oil exporters facing low pricesSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

10 years after tsunami  did we learn from our mistakesEYE BROWSE
Remember This Much. The Sea Will Eat You
It’s been 10 years since the South Asian tsunami devastated Chennai. It’s been only a few weeks since Cyclone Hudhud devastated Visakhapatnam. We learn to fear the sea when it comes to destroy us, and then happily continue wrecking our shores. Our writer takes a series of trips – taking the train to Visakhapatnam, walking across Chennai’s shoreline, plunging through coastal memories across the decades – in order to ask: Can we learn from our mistakes? Is 10 years a long time or a short time for us to form our memories?
By Nityanand Jayaraman | Grist Media –  Wed 26 Nov, 2014
Recommend
Print
Urur Kuppam, a fishing village in Besant Nagar, Chennai. Photo by Amirtharaj Stephen.
Madhura would stride off to scour the beach for the small white, smooth, curved treasures. She'd drop off the collection clutched in her little dark fist before setting off to fetch more. What she brought back never failed to offend my sensibilities. But the plastic spoons my three-year-old collected from the Besant Nagar beach seemed to give her the same joy that collecting seashells from this beach gave me as a child some 35 years ago. The synthetic-ness of plastic did not offend her. Besides, there were no shells on the beach now. She discovered shells much later, on a beach in Goa.
My childhood was different. Chennai was Madras, and Besant Nagar beach (Bessie, as it is fondly called) was then called Elliot's Beach. I lived in Indira Nagar, less than 3km from Bessie. But in my memory, the beach was a far-off place – a bus-ride and a walk away. A trip to the beach was a rare and cherished occasion. My memory is fuzzy. But I remember the beach as a stretch of unadulterated sand and shell and things that naturally belonged on a beach. My sister swears there was a lot of paper litter. But we agree that finding plastic spoons on the beach would have been out of the question. These were the days before disposable plastics.
On one end, there was the Governor's bungalow that was already in ruins. I don't recall the other end. There was another ruined shack in the middle of the beach. This structure was razed recently. Now there’s a patch of beach morning glory – Ipomoea pes-caprae – that carpets that spot, a resplendent green trash-trapper that snares pieces of plastic tumbling along in the windblown brown of the beach sand. There were not many vendors then. But I clearly recollect the pits dug in the sand by local fishermen who sold “oothu thanni” (spring water)by the glass. Ten paise for a tall glass of cool, fresh water.
Things are different now. My daughter has never picked shells from Besant Nagar beach, nor tasted oothu thanni. The transformation of Besant Nagar from a shell-filled beach to a treasure trove of plastic spoons symbolizes the changes I have witnessed in Tamil Nadu's coastline in my lifetime.
I have travelled up and down Tamil Nadu's coast for more than two decades now. The last few years, and the decade after the tsunami, have been the years of the most rapid changes to the coastline. I remember that in the months after the tsunami, there was newfound respect for the sea. Even the fisherfolk had lost their usual stoicism about the sea’s fiery temperament. They were petrified.
That fear turned out to be shortlived.
What do you remember of the tsunami?
A pond to harvest water for farming filled with silt from the tsunami, June 2005. Photo by Nityanand Jayaraman.
1 / 13
Grist Media | Photo by Nityanand Jayaraman
Wed 26 Nov, 2014 11:30 AM IST
Description Toggle
1 - 13 / 13
I remember meeting K Kanniappan, a 70-year-old veteran of the sea, 10 years ago. I met him near Thazhanguda, a seaside village in Cuddalore district of Tamil Nadu. He was clothed in a clean white dhoti and white shirt. It was mid-morning and less than 10 days after the tsunami of December 26, 2004. In this village and others, I saw people haunting the remains of their homes by the day, and returning to relief camps for the night. A part of the front wall and a crooked door frame were all that survived of Kanniappan's house. He was standing outside, scanning the place with vague, unseeing eyes. Then he moved in as if sleepwalking. Again, the same purposeless gaze. A mangled bicycle lay next to a collapsed wall. An electric dosa batter grinder, which looked intact, stood atop some rubble.
“There is no way I'm going to spend another night on the beach after what happened that morning,” he said. “The sea came in like an express train, a flat wall taller than the palm trees,” he recalled. Kanniappan saved himself by riding the tsunami clinging to a kattumaram (catamaran) as it shot past him.
If there was anything to be learned from the tsunami, we’ve done our best to ignore it. Chennai witnessed a massive construction boom in the years after the tsunami – the new secretariat complex (now converted to a super-speciality hospital), elite residential apartments, IT parks and five-star hotels have sprung up just in the last decade. Most of the construction labor in Chennai are inter-state migrant workers. I used to wonder where all these newcomers to Chennai lived. And then I began seeing a spate of new construction on the beaches, in the narrow sand space between the fishing villages and the sea. One such sprawling shanty town has come up on the beach in Srinivasapuram near the Adyar estuary.
Srinivasapuram was one of two Chennai villages that was badly hit in the tsunami. This village lost more than a hundred lives and crores worth of property. But less than three years later, rentier capitalists in the village encroached on beach land to raise tin sheds to rent out to mostly undocumented migrant workers. These people will be the first to go if a tsunami or a cyclonic wave were to strike again.
A decade ago, the tsunami from the sea was followed by one from land. Looking at the uncoordinated relief efforts in Chennai, Cuddalore and Nagapattinam at the time, I had written about our pathology of giving:
“Vans carrying relief material and disaster tourists comprised the second tidal wave. Many just dumped the clothes they brought along the sides of the roads after villagers refused to take used clothes. Despite attempts by non-governmental organisations to coordinate their efforts, coordination and organisation remain a distant and elusive dream. In Chennai alone, there were three separate coordination meetings held between December 29 and January 2. There was talk about coordinating the coordinators.
“There's more money, clothes and good will than there is vision, organization and an understanding of what's needed. It seems that the greed of giving, and the need to help, has overcome the need for help.”
In the tsunami’s aftermath, not all was bleak. About a hundred youth from Parangipettai, near the famed temple city of Chidambaram, descended on the affected villages in their vicinity and dived into the unsavory job of recovering the dead. Coordinated by the local Muslim Jamaat, the youth then extended an invitation to nearly 3,000 villagers to partake of their hospitality. For a week, they were provided for with shelter and food. Unlike the government, which left out some communities, the Jamaat was inclusive, especially because as locals, they knew who lived where and who all were affected.
One lesson that the government and people seem to have learnt well in the face of an impending cyclone is to evacuate quickly to avoid loss of lives.
Since the tsunami that struck Tamil Nadu on December 26, 2004, at least three cyclones have hit Tamil Nadu – Nisha in 2008; Thane in 2011 and Nilam in 2012.
Just as I was getting ready to write an account of my journeys and memories across Chennai's coast, Cyclone Hudhud struck Visakhapatnam (Vizag, for short) in October 2014. As cyclones go, Hudhud was the big momma. The winds were faster and the storm lasted longer than any of the recent ones to hit Tamil Nadu. I decided to head north to visit Vizag. Fewer lives have been lost in these disasters, but the scale of damage has arguably increased as have the challenges in rebuilding lives after a disaster.
Every disaster is honored with a few weeks of attention – on the causes for failure. Then the years after are spent in perpetrating the same causes. The tsunami spotlighted the administration's failure in regulating construction along the beach. But 10 years later, we find that nothing has changed. The transformations the coast has undergone exposes the hubris of our society, and our failure to internalize the single most important lesson that the tsunami and the several cyclones have to offer –the seashore is a dangerous place.
Click here to check out the StoryMap.
Once there was a river, choked...
When I left home for Chennai Central on the morning of November 2nd, it was still drizzling. The train to Vizag, the Coromandel Express, was already on Platform 10 by the time my photographer friend Amirtharaj Stephen and I got there. I had chosen the day train so that we could see the sights and smell the smells as we left Chennai. Of particular interest was the Ennore creek. I have seen the creek from many different perspectives – from the ground, from water, through Google Earth's eyes and from northbound trains.
Our train was soon passing through north Chennai's working class neighborhoods. Basin Bridge is Chennai's northern doorway. Nearby, the Buckingham Canal runs sluggishly carrying household sewage and effluents from the petrochemical industries in Manali. Trains coming into Chennai Central inevitably stop at Basin Bridge as if to welcome passengers with a lungful of Chennai. That smell triggers nostalgia and reminds me of my childhood, of homecoming. The smell of the canal at Basin Bridge remains unchanged – of rotten eggs, shit and bitumen.
Ennore is further north from River Stinky, at the northern edge of Chennai district and past an aging coal-fired electricity plant. To its north is the sprawling, mangrove-studded creek separating Chennai from Thiruvallur. If it weren't sprawling, it, too, would be stinking. Amir and I had already taken our places near the door of our train compartment. We watched a pelican land in the murky waters beneath the bridge. A few others swam lazily in the oil-covered waters.
The train rolled past a mangrove island. “That area used to be just mangroves, tidal flats and water,” I told Amir, pointing to a wall enclosing mangroves and some water. The enclosure and the sign that announces “This land belongs to NTECL” is recent. That sign is a lie. That was never land. In the distance, you see a mountain of coal and then a smoke-spewing chimney of the NTPC Tamil Nadu Energy Company Ltd (NTECL) coal-fired power plant.
Ennore Thermal Power Plant, one of the first encroachments into these wetlands. Photo by Amirtharaj Stephen.
A ramshackle camp of flimsy tin sheds lies abandoned amidst patches of water. This used to be mud flats and mangroves before the plant was built. And this is where the migrant workers who constructed the power plant used to live – sandwiched between the creek, the railway bridge and the compound wall. A horrendous place to live.
I have seen this plant from the southern bank of the creek. On an earlier occasion, I had walked from the Ennore bus stand through the winding lanes of Sivanpadai Veethi Kuppam. This village of inland fishermen has been devastated by pollution, ill-health and dwindling catches. A mud road separated Buckingham Canal from the dilapidated fisher houses. Shit and shitting children lined either side of the road. Boats lay moored in the canal. A thick film of oil covered the water. “Has the canal ever been on fire?” I asked a fisherman. “No,” he’d said. But he added that he knew people who use gunny sacks to soak up the oil, squeeze it into barrels and refine it a bit before selling it off as cheap lube oil to mechanic shops. Looking at the canal, I decided to believe his story.
I crossed the canal over a rickety bamboo bridge. Some of the more energetic villagers had come to this side to defecate on the earthen bund separating the canal from Ennore creek. I didn't blame them for the effort. The view was better and the air clearer. The railway bridge was visible in the distance. The river mouth was much further away.
There are hardly any fish in the creek now, villagers said. Many species have disappeared. Those with boats sail to less polluted waters to fish. Others who use hand-cast nets walk along the banks all the way to the river mouth more than 8km away…a full day's work with uncertain results.
My local guide told me that the bund we were standing on would soon be a full-fledged road. The creek was dying a death by a thousand cuts.
Three coal-fired power plants already operate in this region; another has recently been cleared.Within 10km as the pelican flies, there will be 6000MW of coal plants. All have environmental clearances. But these documents mean nothing. NTECL's clearance pompously proclaims that the “Boundary for the proposed power project shall be outside the CRZ [Coastal Regulation Zone].” But the plant boundary encloses mangroves.
The 1500MW North Chennai Thermal Power Station (NCTPS) is located on the northern bank of the Ennore river mouth. I recollect an earlier visit with my students to that station. On that occasion, we had approached the plant's main gate by road. A few hundred meters before the gate, an impressive and totally out-of-place highway branched off perpendicularly to the Ennore Port. Tidal flats sprawled out one side of the road, while along the other ran the Buckingham Canal. Not ran, actually. The canal was choked with toxic fly ash from the plant.
A clutch of miserable huts stoodat one end. These huts were built on fly ash. Children were playing near puddles left behind by the previous day's rains. The residents were all casual workers, many from Odisha and Jharkhand. “We came here more than 15 years ago to build the power plant,” said one Odiya worker from Keonjhar. He did not want to be named. “We used to live there,” he said pointing inside the plant. “Once it was built, we had to get out. Now we get by with odd jobs here and there.”
The builders of Chennai's first super-critical, state-of-the-art power plant live on a toxic fly ash dump. They have no electricity or water.
Fly ash was everywhere here. On one fly ash-covered stretch of mud flats stooda signboard that prominently declaredthat the “land” belonged to the Ennore Port. This place was not land yet, but Ennore Port had fly ash as a reason to be optimistic about its conversion from water to land.
In revenue department parlance, these wetlands are categorised as “poromboke” – a Tamil pejorative that is used to describe people or things that are totally worthless. The Ennore wetlands are far from that. The really desperate still fish in this water body. Less than two years ago, this was a healthy ecosystem with water, life and livelihoods. Such sprawling wetlands are excellent flood mitigators. Their vast surface area allows them to swell and accommodate rain waters and tidal surges. Converting them into real estate will exacerbate flooding and deflect the impact of storm surges to less resilient areas.
...And then there was a city, torn
A damaged statue on the beach in Vizag. Photo by Amirtharaj Stephen.
The Coromandel Express entered Visakhapatnam early, but halted near an expressway. About 20 shacks, covered with tarpaulin, were pitched beneath the road. A third of Vizag's population lives in slums. This one seemed to have weathered the cyclone. But all around it were signs of mayhem.
Next morning, the full extent of Hudhud's havoc became evident to us. A sawed-off stub of a massive tree stood outside my friend Krishna's house. Trees that hadn't fallen were shorn of most of their leaves. Leaves that remained were burnt brown. The coconut palms looked like skinny punk rockers, with wind-blown fronds reduced to spikes pointing west. I didn't need a compass to get my bearings.
Krishna sounded incredulous. “We keep hearing about cyclones. I never expected it to hit Vizag, you know,” he said. I can totally relate to his disbelief. When Cyclone Nilam was predicted to hit Chennai in 2012, I was confident it would not hit the city. This belief had no basis – it is not as if cities have some superpower to ward off such destructive phenomena.
Hudhud-the-terrible clocked peak wind speeds of 215kmph and three-minute gusts of 185 kmph. According to EAS Sarma, a local resident and former power secretary to the Government of India, rampant violations of CRZ rules restricting construction within 500m of the sea were to blame for the monumental damage, pegged at some $11 billion (around Rs 67,859 crore).
We met J Ratnam, a local environmentalist, at his small no-frills but eminently functional office. A large computer screen stood on the table between us. A hard disk containing time-series Google Earth images was plugged in. Ratnam took us through an elegant presentation that covered the natural features of Vizag's coast, the importance of sand dunes, dune vegetation and mangroves for preserving coastal integrity, and ended with how these natural shock absorbers have been dismantled.
The 1977 cyclone that hit Diviseema, an island town in Krishna estuary, was even more terrifying in its intensity with 250kmph winds. “After Diviseema, the Government decided to invest in mangroves and casuarina plantations to protect the coastline. But in the last 20 years, the coastline has been disturbed in the name of ‘development’,” said Ratnam.
Vizag is cradled by a crescent of low Eastern Ghat hills, with the points of the crescent sloping down to the ocean in the north and south. Meghadri Gedda river, with its catchment in the Eastern Ghats, flows down the hills through a swampy mangrove-rich estuary at the southern end of town. As in Ennore, the mangroves are identified as “poromboke” by the revenue department. The Vizag port sits at the mouth of the Gedda river, near the southern point of the crescenting hills called Dolphin's Nose. Over the years, the port has grown like a cancer eating up mangroves and the wetlands. What remains is being gobbled up for the expansion of the airport, the Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd (HPCL) refinery and the Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd (RINL) calcining plants.
Visakhapatnam's famed RK Beach is a pathetic strip of sand edged by a coastal road that had been battered by the recent storm. The harbor's breakwaters are visible in the distance. The beach used to be broader. But the breakwaters blocked the sediments moving from south to the north, which eroded the beaches.
We walked further north along the beach with Ratnam pointing out one CRZ violation after another. The Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (VUDA) park was a mess of fallen trees and a few standing toddy palms. Along the park wall, I spotted an oasis of green amidst the windblown brown of the beach. A thicket of screwpine, almond and toddy palm carpeted the dune. Ratnam told me that before the sea moved landward and the city seaward, all of Vizag's beaches were like this – dunes, screwpine, toddy palm.
Through a clearing I could see an elderly dhobi couple hanging out some washing. We walked into the thicket to talk to the duo – Burla Lakshman Rao and his wife Sachhavati. I was curious about the shallow well with its sweet water so close to the sea. “It is only because of the rains that the water is sweet now,” Lakshman Rao clarified. “Earlier, the water was always sweet. But after VUDA park sunk deep borewells, the water here turned saline. Now even we get water for our washing from a borewell near the compound wall,” he said.
The CRZ notification prohibits sinking of borewells within 500m of the high tide line to prevent salinity ingress.
Sand being mined to fortify a resort hit by Hudhud on RK Beach, Vizag. Photo by Amirtharaj Stephen.
Further up the coast, we visited Selvaganeshapuram. A group of men were sitting near the beach playing cards. One of them approached us. “My name is Toofan,” he said flatly, perhaps missing the irony. Toofan is Urdu for storm. It turns out he was born after the Diviseema cyclone.
So we had Toofan telling us about Hudhud. “We got the warning and we moved out. But we didn't move all our things. We didn't expect the cyclone to be this bad,” he said as we walked onto the beach, avoiding the shit that was strewn like land-mines across the sand. A massive World War II bunker lay collapsed in the sand. The hungry sea had grabbed out the sand beneath the structure. Concrete houses close to the sea looked as if someone had gone at them with a wrecking ball.
Bosanna, a fisherman from neighboring Pedha Jalarapetta, blamed the port, the industries and climate change for the damage. “They have landfilled the mangroves. All channels through which seawater advances during the high tide are blocked. Now the tide creeps inland on the northern side of the harbor,” he said.
Out on the main road, I saw six fishermen making nets spread out over the footpath. The erosion and encroachment of beach space has hurt fisherfolk. Communal nets like the shore seine, which require broad beaches, have had to be abandoned. “We can't park our boats on the beach. It is too narrow. Some people take it to the harbor 7km away. What a waste of diesel,” Bosanna lamented.
Walking south, hoping north
“Rampant violations” as a phrase should be reserved for offenders in Chennai's class. Vizag's violations may devastate local people and local economies. But compared to Chennai, they are puny. In Chennai, encroachments are cooperative ventures between private land-grabbers, the Corporation of Chennai and agencies of the Government of Tamil Nadu – an informal but deadly public-private partnership.
Chennai's coast extends from Ennore in the north to Uthandi in the south. Nallathanni Odaikuppam near Ennoreis a beautiful sounding name for a fishing hamlet. It means “the village with the fresh water stream”. Actually, there is no fresh water. Actually, there is no village. This and many other fishing villages on the northern side of the Chennaiharbor have been swallowed by the sea. Sea erosion triggered by the harbor's breakwaters has eaten into more than 1km of coastal land.
The sea is like the mythical Bakasuran. It has to be fed with land. So instead of feeding the sea with expensive Chennai coastal real estate, they feed her with a never-ending supply of large granite boulders quarried from some distant countryside.
Boats on Chennai's coastline. Photo by K Saravanan.
1 / 8

FDI hike in defence sector will be detrimental to indigenous manufacturing'FDI hike in defence sector will be detrimental to indigenous manufacturing'
Abhishek Law
Amit Mitra, West Bengal Minister for Finance, Excise, Commerce and Industry, addressing a seminar on Industry Defence Linkage organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry in Kolkata on Friday. Photo: Ashoke Chakrabarty
Kolkata, Nov 28:  
Opening up of the defence sector to foreign direct investment (FDI) does not necessarily mean that the country will have access to the latest technology, Amit Mitra, West Bengal Finance, Commerce and Industry and IT Minister, said here on Friday.
The Centre has recently obtained the Cabinet approval for allowing up to 49 per cent FDI in the defence sector. FDI ceiling in the sector was hiked from the previous 26 per cent.The move is supposed to boost domestic industry that imports up to 70 per cent of its military hardware.
According to the minister, opening up of the defence sector would actually be detrimental to indigenous manufacturing.
However, the focus should actually be on promoting the small and medium enterprises in the defence sector. Indigenisation would help reduce the import bill of the country substantially.
“Instead of FDI, our focus should be on pushing domestic manufacturing through MSMEs,” Mitra said at a seminar on 'Industry-Defence Linkage' organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
Pointing out that Korea was one such country which has successfully leveraged indigenous manufacturing through small and medium-scale organisations in the defence sector, Amit Mitra said that there was no reason as to why it was not possible in India.
“If Korea can do it, why can we not do the same? I think we can do better,” he maintained.
Focus on pushing manufacturing through MSMEs will the help create jobs and push the country’s GDP, Mitra added.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

BSE Market Cap Hits 100 Lakh Crore; Investors  Wealth DoublesFund Mop-up by Private Companies From Debt Placement Rises 36%
The market capitaliastion of all listed companies on the Bombay Stock Exchange hit a record Rs 100 trillion (lakh crore) mark just past 10 a.m. on Friday. The landmark came on a day when the Sensex hit a record high of 28,822 in intraday trade.
The total market cap of all BSE listed companies had crossed the Rs. 10 lakh crore mark nearly 11 years ago in 2003. In the last five years, BSE's market cap doubled from about Rs. 50 lakh crore to Rs 100 lakh crore today.
This is good news for long-term investors, who would have stayed put in stock markets over the last five years. Investment in no-risk instruments such as the Kisan Vikas Patra takes more than eight years to double.
Of the overall stock market wealth, promoters command nearly 50 per cent share, while foreign investors own close to 20 per cent and the rest is shared between institutional and retail investors from India.
Market capitalisation is used to compare companies in terms of their market value. Nearly 5,500 companies are listed on the BSE, but the top 100 companies make up for over 70 per cent in market capitalization. Tata Consultancy Services, India's biggest company by market cap, is valued at over Rs 5 lakh crore.
To gauge BSE's standing, its market cap should be seen in the global context. In dollar terms, BSE's market cap is now nearly $1.7 trillion (at Rs 60 per dollar). That is roughly one tenth the size of the New York Stock Exchange, which has a market cap of nearly $18.8 trillion according to World Federation of Exchanges data.
Market caps of domestic exchanges generally mirror the GDP of their economies. India's GDP is estimated at around $1.9 trillion. The size of US' economy is estimated at $16.8 trillion.
India is also behind the Tokyo Stock Exchange ($4.5 trillion), Euronext ($3.5 trillion), London Stock Exchange ($3.4 trillion), Hong Kong Stock Exchange ($3.1 trillion) and Shanghai Stock Exchange ($2.87 trillion), according to World Federation of Exchanges data. Its closest competitor is Swiss Exchange.
BSE is among the world's ten largest exchanges in terms of market value, Press Trust of India reported.
BSE is slightly ahead of the National Stock Exchange in terms of market cap, though the volume of shares traded on the NSE is much higher. NSE lags behind BSE in market cap because fewer companies (1,597) are listed on the Exchange.
Raghu Kumar, cofounder of domestic brokerage RKSV said, "This is big news as it gives investors across India and around the world that India is to be invested in right now... From a FII and investor confidence perspective, nothing beats a headline that proclaims Asia's oldest exchange having 100 lakh Crores in market capitalization among its listed companies."
The Sensex has gained over 35 per cent year-to-date on the back of nearly $40 billion of overseas investment in debt and equities.
(With inputs from PTI)

Racism and law enforcementUpdated: November 28, 2014 00:54 IST
Racism and law enforcement
crime
A grand jury’s exoneration of Darren Wilson, the white police officer who on August 9 shot dead an unarmed teenager on the streets of Ferguson, Missouri, sent shock waves across the United States this week. The fact that 18-year-old Michael Brown died violently on the streets of the quiet St. Louis suburb and no one will be held accountable for his death has left Americans of all colours once again searching their souls for answers. Some of them made their anger known to the world. Thousands took to the streets across major cities, braving the likelihood of yet another heavy-handed crackdown by the police and the National Guard. In Ferguson, the rage spilled over and took an ugly turn as gunfire erupted across the night, dozens of buildings and police cars were set ablaze, and looters had a free run in parts of the city. President Barack Obama reiterated his muted call for calm on all sides, but had clearly not sensed the mood of collective anguish that was engulfing the African-American community, or did not wish to confront the questions that they were asking: why had a behind-closed-doors grand jury that was 75 per cent white decided that there was no probable cause to take the case to trial? Why was police officers’ use of deadly force, especially against minorities, considered an acceptable practice?
The Brown-Wilson case holds up a mirror unto the troubling state of race relations in America. First, it is only the latest in a long list of flashpoints triggered by law enforcement brutality towards unarmed African-Americans, including the 2012 shooting of Trayvon Martin (17) and the videotaped 1991 beating of Rodney King, both cases in which the accused officers were acquitted. Second, it shows how public prosecutors or other government officials may manoeuvre juridical proceedings in a manner that renders a plaintiff victory effectively impossible. Since the verdict was announced, the St. Louis County Prosecutor, Robert McCulloch, has come under fire for his decision to use a grand jury in this highly sensitive case, thus precluding a transparent and exhaustive trial involving detailed cross-examination. Third, the imprint of the racist stereotyping of African-Americans amongst police officers, which was arguably evident in the testimony of Mr. Wilson, has a wider echo in terms of relatively higher incarceration rates. The searing racism in the U.S. has often made it an uncomfortable place for minorities, as it was for Muslims, Sikhs and even Hindus in the aftermath of the 9/11 terror attacks. African-Americans of all backgrounds, however, face a daily, ongoing threat to their lives and security, given the toxic mix of historical prejudice and law enforcement’s gun culture.

Govt eyes $14.4 bn via stake sale in state banksGovt eyes $14.4 bn via stake sale in state banks
Manoj Kumar        Last Updated: November 28, 2014  | 15:19 IST
The government plans to raise about Rs 89,120 crore ($14.4 billion) by reducing its stakes in state-run banks to 52 per cent, the state finance minister Jayant Sinha said on Friday, sending shares of state lenders higher.
The government holds stakes ranging from 56 per cent to 84 per cent in 24 state-run banks that account for 70 per cent of total outstanding loans of about $1 trillion in Asia's third-largest economy.
The state-run lenders are estimated to need as much as $60 billion in capital over the next four years to meet upcoming global regulations and to build a buffer against rising bad loans.
While the government has traditionally funded the state lenders - to the tune of about $13 billion over the past decade - it is now striving to reduce the capital injections to lower its budget deficit.
Cutting its stakes "would substantially reduce the requirement of budgetary provision for infusion of capital in public sector banks," Jayant Sinha told Parliament in a written statement.
Bank shares, which were trading higher before the news as the market bets on an interest rate cut next week, extended gains. The index of state lenders rose as much as 5.8 per cent to its highest level in more than 3.5 years.
Top lender State Bank of India (SBI) rose as much as 5.3 percent, while second-largest Bank of Baroda jumped 8.3 percent.
Finance ministry officials say the Cabinet is expected to take a final decision on the issue of stake sale soon. A bunch of state lenders including SBI are awaiting the government's approval to sell shares to raise capital.
Analysts say bigger state-run banks have a better chance to raise capital from the market, but remain sceptical of smaller lenders' ability to attract investors.
State-run banks have been burdened by high bad debt levels and corporate governance issues. A central bank-appointed panel this year recommended the government cut its stake in state lenders to below 50 percent.
($1 = Rs 61.9200)
(Writing and additional reporting by Devidutta Tripathy)
 

ISL: Clinical show by Dynamossoccer
Delhi Dynamos administered a clinical dismantling of Mumbai City FC as the host recorded a 4-1 win on a misty night at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium here on Friday.
Manager Harm van Veldhoven would have been particularly pleased by the manner in which the goals were scored. The move for every goal started in Dynamos’ own half. Not to forget, a lot of Dynamos’ play on Friday served as an affirmation of van Veldhoven’s vision for his side.
Dynamos were forced to make four changes against Mumbai since Souvik Ghosh, Pavel Elias and Bruno Arias were injured and Souvik Chakraborthy suspended.
Dynamic front three
Importantly, though, van Veldhoven persisted with a dynamic front three. Mads Junker came into the side, Francis Fernandes started in the centre and Gustavo dos Santos once again drifted in from the wide.
Mumbai was setup to play a 4-3-3 formation as well but its shape was different. Behind the forward trio, Jan Stohanzl, Freddie Ljungberg and Tiago Ribeiro functioned in a midfield triangle.
Dynamos dominated the possession and edged the first half proceedings too. The interchange of positions between the forwards was augmented by the midfield runs from Shylo Malsawmtluanaga and Henrique Dinis.
The host could have gone ahead in the 12th minute when Fernandes played Junker through, only to see the Dane’s shot cleared off the line by Deepak Mondal.
Mumbai posed the occasional threat, especially as Subhash Singh ran past left-back Munmun Lugun a few times, but the best it could produce was a Sushil Singh header that narrowly missed the bar.
As half-time approached, the match acquired a duller character but a seven-pass move that started when Anwar Ali intercepted the ball in his own half brought an opportunity for Dynamos.
Mulder had taken five touches in the lead-up to the goal and his sixth was a volleyed finish as Manuel Friedrich dealt poorly with Dinis’ cross. The ball deflected off Fernandes and fell kindly for Mulder.
Contest over
Mumbai introduced Nadong Bhutia and Francisco Luque at half-time but 15 minutes into the second period, the contest was effectively over.
Firstly, Anwar intercepted another pass and the ball was swiftly circulated to Junker who slid the ball past goalkeeper Subrata Paul.
Ten minutes later, a throw-in led to a move that gained momentum when dos Santos released Fernandes on the right. The Indian forward returned the favour by delivering a whipped cross that met the head of the unmarked former.
This was counterattacking football at its best. Dynamos had more opportunities thereafter but they were not converted. Not that it hurt the host. Mumbai did pull one back through Abhishek Yadav but Manish Bhargav’s maiden ISL goal extended the lead in injury-time.
The result: Delhi Dynamos 4 (Hans Mulder 44, Mads Junker 50, Gustavo dos Santos 60, Manish Bhargav 90+3) bt Mumbai City FC 1 (Abhishek Yadav 86).

Athletics: Sreenith sets new National recordInspired: Sreenith Mohan cleared a height of 2.18m in the U-20 high jump. Photo: V. Raju
TOPICS
athletics, track and field
Kerala’s Sreenith Mohan scripted a new national record in high jump in the Jio 30th junior National athletic championship here on Friday.
Wearing spikes of two different colours, Sreenith, in the u-20 segment, cleared a height of 2.18m thus creating new national and meet record. “One spike belongs to previous national record holder Nikhil, who is my good friend and the other belongs to my coach’s best student who is a word-class jumper. I wear them to inspire me,” said Sreenith, whose personal best is 2.20m.
The results: Boys: U-14: 100m: 1. Biswa Ranjan (Ori) 11.73s; 2. Vishal Bhatia (UP) 11.92; Vivekanand (AP) 11.95; Shotput: 1. Satywan (Teg) 15.54m; 2. Birkang (Asm) 12.89, 3. Harshpreet (Pun) 12.70.
U-16: 100m: 1. Nuzrat (Har) 11.22s; 2. Noel Francis (TN) 11.45; 3. P. Siva (AP) 11.47; 400m: 1. R. Naveen (TN) 48.99m; 2. Amit (Har) 50.41; 3. Naveen (Har) 50.45; 5,000m walk: 1. Ravinder (Har) 23:09.54; 2. C.T. Nitheesh (Ker) 25:34.05; 3. Amanjot Singh (Pun) 26:02.27; Javelin: 1. Ravinder (Har) 60.03m, 2. Danbahadur (UK) 58.17; 3. Dhirendra Kumar (UP) 57.84; Long jump: 1. Sreeshankar (Ker) 6.96m, 2. John Jacob (T) 6.91; 3. Manish Sharma (MP) 6.74.
U-18: 100m: 1. Ch. Sudhakar (Teg) 10.94; 2. Joseph Joe (Ker) 10.97; 3. Guarav Kumar (UP) 11.15; 400m: 1. Ravinder (Har) 48.61s; 2. Chandan (WB) 48.67; 3. Baljeet (Har) 49.22; Shotput: 1. Shakti Solanki (Del) 20.21- NR (ONR: 19.91 & NMR 18.67).
U-20: 100m: 1. Augustine Yesudas (Teg) 11.00s; 2. Akashdeep (Pun) 11.04; 3. Sathish Kumar 11.08; 400m: 1. Akash Parmar (Har) 48.81s; 2. Raghu (Kar) 49.12; 3. Sunny (Har) 49.53; 10,000m: 1. Shaliesh Kumar (MP) 46:07.25s; 2. Rahul (Del) 46:10.30, 3. Manoj Yadav (UP) 46:11.02; Discus: 1. Nirbhay Singh (Har) 54.1m; 2. Raghvendra (Har) 51.26; 3. Benake (Mah) 51.09; High jump: 1. Sreenith Mohan (Ker) 2.18 – NR (ONR: 2.17 & NMR 2.13); 2. Ajay Kumar (Har) 2.10m, 3. Lovepreet Singh (Pun) 2.03.
Girls: U-14: 100m: 1. Aparna Roy (Ker) 13.40s; 2. Kavitha (TN) 11.45; 3. P. Siva (AP) 11.47; Long jump: 1. Pushpalata (Jhar) 5.10m; 2. N. Laura (TN) 5.01; 3. R. Kusuma (AP) 4.82; Shot put: 1. Anisha Dahiya (Har) 11.06m, 2. Zeshah (Mah) 10.71, 3. Serina (TN) 10.05.
U-16: 100m: 1. Tamil Selvi (TN) 12.67s; 2. P.P. Fathima (Ker) 12.76; 3. K. Ramalakshmi (TN) 12.82; 400m: 1. Jisna Mathew (Ker) 55.74s; 2. Linet George (Ker) 58.37; 3. V. Suba (TN) 58.97; 3000m walk: 1. Asha Soman (Ker) 15:48.53s; 2. Suvarna Raju (Mah) 16:28.42; 3. Archana (Pun) 16:31.38.
U-18: 100m: Rehsmi (Mah) 12.05; 2. Ankita (Mah) 12.54; 3. Sekunta (Ori) 12.60; 400m: 1. Shaharbana (Ker) 59.60s; 2. Tiasa (WB) 59.69; 3. Veerapal Kaur (Pun) 1:00.58; 5000m walk: 1. Priyanka Patel (MP) 27:09.24; 2. Vandana (UP) 27:10.51; 3. Bandana Patel (MP) 27:33.61; Pole vault: 1. Maria Jaison (Ker) 3.15m; 2. Shani Shaji (Ker) 3.10; 3. Renu Rani (Pun) 2.49; Hammer: Srinithi (TN) 48.14m; 2, Menaka (Del) 46.01; 3. Shital (Har) 45.60.
U-20: 100m: 1. Praneetha (Kar) 12.74s; 2. Ranga (Ker) 12.79; 3. Shilbi (Ker) 12.79; 400m: 1. V.V. Jisha (Ker) 56.90; 2. Farhena (WB) 58.23; 3. Praveena (UP) 58.49; Triple jump: 1. Bhairabi Roy (WB) 12.48m; 2. Priya (Ker) 12.35; 3. Jenimol Joy (Ker) 12.20.

Jet Airways shares ride high  up 20% on rating upgrade by ICRAGold, silver dip on sluggish demand, weak global cues
Shares of Jet Airways surged 20 per cent today following drop in crude oil prices and ICRA upgrading the rating on a Rs 3,210-crore loan facility.
Jet Airways’ scrip zoomed 19.99 per cent to settle at Rs 322.05, its upper circuit limit at the BSE.
At the NSE, it soared 19.99 per cent to end at Rs 322.65.
On the volume front, 27.73 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while over one crore shares were traded at the NSE during the day.
The ratings agency has upgraded the long-term rating assigned to the Rs 3,210 crore, fund-based bank facilities of Jet Airways to [ICRA]BB from [ICRA]C, a statement had said yesterday.
“The rating upgrade takes into account the improvement in the liquidity and credit profile of the company, arising from improved operating performance as well as support from its strategic partnerâ€“Etihad Airways PJSC,” it said.
Brent crude oil contracts for January settlement were trading around USD 72/barrel, the lowest level since August 2010. Falling oil price is good news for India, which imports 80 per cent of its requirements. This will also help the country narrow its Current Account Deficit.
Fuel costs account for a chunk of airline expenses and falling oil price is likely to provide relief, say experts.
Meanwhile, similar buying was seen in the shares of another listed airline SpiceJet that surged 18.36 per cent to Rs 18.24 aided by decline in crude oil prices.
In terms of volume, 408.90 lakh shares of the company were traded at the BSE.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex Jet Airways
More from markets
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

Jet Airways shares ride high  up 20% on rating upgrade byICRAGold, silver dip on sluggish demand, weak global cues
Shares of Jet Airways surged 20 per cent today following drop in crude oil prices and ICRA upgrading the rating on a Rs 3,210-crore loan facility.
Jet Airways’ scrip zoomed 19.99 per cent to settle at Rs 322.05, its upper circuit limit at the BSE.
At the NSE, it soared 19.99 per cent to end at Rs 322.65.
On the volume front, 27.73 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while over one crore shares were traded at the NSE during the day.
The ratings agency has upgraded the long-term rating assigned to the Rs 3,210 crore, fund-based bank facilities of Jet Airways to [ICRA]BB from [ICRA]C, a statement had said yesterday.
“The rating upgrade takes into account the improvement in the liquidity and credit profile of the company, arising from improved operating performance as well as support from its strategic partnerâ€“Etihad Airways PJSC,” it said.
Brent crude oil contracts for January settlement were trading around USD 72/barrel, the lowest level since August 2010. Falling oil price is good news for India, which imports 80 per cent of its requirements. This will also help the country narrow its Current Account Deficit.
Fuel costs account for a chunk of airline expenses and falling oil price is likely to provide relief, say experts.
Meanwhile, similar buying was seen in the shares of another listed airline SpiceJet that surged 18.36 per cent to Rs 18.24 aided by decline in crude oil prices.
In terms of volume, 408.90 lakh shares of the company were traded at the BSE.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex Jet Airways
More from markets
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

Neeti Aayog to replace Planning CommissionNeeti Aayog to replace Planning Commission
Sanjeeb Mukherjee | New Delhi Nov 29, 2014 12:50 AM IST
After almost four months, the government has finally zeroed in on a shape and structure for the new body which will replace the five-decade old Planning Commission.
According to a senior official, the new body will be called Neeti Aayog (Policy Commission). It will be headed by a vice-chairman, not deputy chairman as was the case in the Commission. The name of first vice-chairman is expected to be announced soon.
Officials said the new body will comprise the office of Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT), Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), the inter-state councils and Programme Evaluation. Each of the four departments will be headed by a secretary-level officer.
A few of these departments are currently under the Planning Commission, while some function with the ministries.
PLAN BODY
New body to replace Planning Commission to be called Neeti Aayog
Will be headed by a vice-chairman, not deputy chairman
Might comprise four major departments each headed by a secretary-level officer
Prime Minister Narendra Modi likely to meet states chief ministers and representatives on December 7 to chalk out finer details
Announcement of the new body likely during current winter session or immediately after that
For example, for DBT, the nodal body is the Planning Commission, while its function like DBT for LPG cylinders is managed by the ministry of oil and natural gas. In the case of inter-state councils some of them are handled by the ministry of home affairs
Officials said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called for a presentation on the various options and suggestions given by experts, intellectuals and people from different walks of life on the shape of the new commission, officials said. The presentation is expected to be made on Monday.
Another meeting of state chief ministers and secretaries is expected to be held on 7 December on the finer details of the new body.
"The shape of the new body is almost complete and the Prime Minister's Office has been apprised of the same," the official said. He said an announcement regarding the new body is expected to made either during the ongoing Winter session of Parliament or immediately after that.
"As the formation of new body to replace the Planning Commission requires change in transactions rules, it might take some time," the official added.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in his maiden Independence Day speech, had announced the winding up of the Planning Commission and replacing it with a new body. The government held a series of meetings with experts and analysts on the shape of the new body.
In between, the role and functions of the erstwhile Commission was gradually reduced. Its financial might was clipped through a recent circular which directed all major ministries and departments to furnish their Plan Budget estimates for 2015-16 directly to it.
This also marked a formal shift of responsibility of determining the annual plan expenditure from the Planning Commission to the finance ministry and means that the new body will not have the power, clout or financial muscle of the old Planning Commission.
Ministries and departments, too, are no longer waiting for a formal nod from the commission before sending their programmes and schemes for cabinet approval.

Brazils budget lawSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Indias right denounces love jihadIndia’s religious right denounces intermarriage as ‘love jihad’
Victor Mallet in Bhopal, India
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4db7f7c2-7657-11e4-9761-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hindus fear Muslim love jihadShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Hindu nationalists fear Muslim Love Jihad
Nov 28, 2014 : Hindu nationalists claim Muslims look to convert young women through marriage in what they call a Love Jihad as relationships outside traditionally tight-knit castes and religions become more common in India, reports the FT's Victor Mallet.
Credits: Filmed and produced by Jyotsna Singh, edited by Tom Griggs. Additional footage by Reuters.

India news headlinesSupplies flown in after desalination plant accident leaves 100,000 without fresh water
Dec 5, 2014 COMMENT
One might hope society would recoil at selecting perfect embryo
Dec 5, 2014

Foreign funds still arrive in Turkey despite trbulenceForeign funds still arrive in Turkey despite turbulence
Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f288dd2e-7108-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Turkeys construction boom appears to be overNovember 27, 2014 2:23 pm
Turkey’s construction boom appears to be over
Piotr Zalewski
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/910a4a32-5093-11e4-8645-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UMP battle appears to be Sarkozys to loseFrance’s UMP party stumbles in its search for direction
Adam Thomson in Lille
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6513cb4c-76e0-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

French parties argue name change© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b386dd7a-5f96-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Epitaph does a lively tradeEpitaph for France does a lively trade
By Hugh Carnegy in Paris
Writing the country off has become a popular national pursuit, says Hugh Carnegy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ed7c7356-5851-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China slashes rates to stimulate economyChina slashes interest rates to stimulate economy
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/447dfe3a-7176-11e4-818e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

View: Chinas banks face disruptionNovember 20, 2014 11:10 am
View: China’s banks face disruption
Jonathan Woetzel and Jeongmin Seong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fa232b90-6fd5-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New Volkswagen Vento review: For the discerning  who knows his wheelsBMW, Mercedes shift gears
To a passenger, one of the most noticeable actions in a moving car is gear-shift, because it takes time and the car changes pace with a slight jerk—the car is in a lower gear, the driver accelerates, the engine RPM goes up, the driver upshifts, RPM drops, and the car picks up speed. In a manual shift car, the gear-shift takes about a second. An auto-gear-shift car does it in about half a second. A fully automatic car shifts faster, in about a quarter of a second. A rally driver, say the one driving a WRC car having sequential shifts, beats all—about one-fifth of a second. How about a car that shifts gears in 1/400th of a second! The technology is by Volkswagen and the gearbox is called the dual-clutch DSG—direct-shift gearbox (German: direkt-schalt-getriebe).
While we have seen the dual-clutch technology in some top-end luxury cars in India, it was last year that Volkswagen introduced this technology into a sub-R10 lakh car: the Polo GT TSI. Later the Vento too got the same gearbox. Both petrol cars. What next? The DSG mated to a turbocharged diesel engine—the new Volkswagen Vento 1.5 TDI with 7-Speed DSG.
While the changes to the exterior of the new Vento are subtle—dual-beam headlamps, redesigned 15-inch alloy wheels and new colours—it is the cabin that gets a refreshing treatment. Move inside and what you will immediately notice is the flat-bottom steering wheel with integrated controls for the car’s entertainment system—the flat-bottom steering wheel, in fact, gives the Vento’s cabin a new identity. Other changes include Bluetooth telephony, dual front airbags on all variants and upgraded instrument panel. A nice touch is that when you open any door, the footwell also lights up, enhancing visibility in the cabin. All the seats are pretty comfortable and the rear seating area is quite spacious. What truly stands out is interior fit-and-finish—the attention to detail is so minute that not even a single thing in the cabin seems out of place. The boot is among the biggest in its class.
The all-new diesel engine that the Vento gets is a 1.5-litre TDI unit that produces a maximum output of 103 horsepower and a maximum torque of 250 Nm. Now, in not many cars the effect of the turbocharger kicking in is ‘that’ delightful, or exciting. In fact, in some cars it is not even noticeable. I drove the Vento 1.5 TDI and, as I am writing this, I still feel the kick I got every time the engine speed crossed 1800 RPM—the turbo comes in early and simply shoots the car ahead. On an open highway, the torque of 250 Nm ensures that overtaking is never a problem. What adds to the fun is the DSG gearbox—floor the accelerator pedal, and in no time the DSG springs into action, changing gears at exactly the right time the engine demands, and takes the Vento from 0-100 kmph in a little over 10 seconds. Want more fun? Slot the gearbox into the Sport mode and it changes gears at higher RPMs, thus giving you even better acceleration. Driven at a moderate pace, the diesel Vento DSG gives you a fuel-efficiency of about 21 kmpl. The car behaves well on bad roads and doesn’t tend to crash through potholes. Even though it is a diesel, the cabin remains a quiet place—so good is the insulation. The new steering wheel not only looks smart, it has a lot of feel to it and offers you very good feedback. The car feels planted even when you are doing speeds above 120 kmph. However, one thing we missed was a cruise control—a car with such driving habits definitely needs the same.
Early this year when it was reported that some of the most popular compact cars sold in India failed crash tests done by Global NCAP, almost immediately Volkswagen announced dual front airbags as standard fitment on all variants of the Polo. That says something about Volkswagen’s commitment towards safety. The Vento, too, gets ample safety features, such as dual front airbags on all variants, anti-lock brakes, electronic stabilisation programme, hill-hold function, engine immobiliser, pinch guard safety for all four power windows, etc.
From Rs 10.49 lakh (ex-showroom, Mumbai), the Vento 1.5 TDI DSG is priced very competitively—its major challengers are the Skoda Rapid 1.5 DSG and the Hyundai Verna 1.6 CRDi Automatic. (The Rapid, which is priced almost equally, is essentially the same car in a different body. The Verna is not as technologically advanced as the Vento and is costlier too.) If, however, you want the manual Vento 1.5 TDI, it will cost you Rs 8.57 lakh. And if you are looking for the Vento 1.2 petrol DSG automatic, it will cost you Rs 9.35 lakh. For the discerning who knows his wheels, of all the variants of the Vento, the 1.5 TDI DSG makes perfect sense.
What is TDI?
The TDI badge identifies all Volkswagen’s diesel-powered models featuring direct injection and a turbocharger. Characteristic features of the TDI engines are fuel economy, low emissions, high torque and outstanding power efficiency. How does it work? A turbocharger supplies the engine with fresh air, providing optimum cylinder charging. After compression, the diesel is injected directly into the cylinders at a very high pressure by way of a nozzle. Effective engine encapsulation keeps noise to a minimum, while hydraulic mounts ensure smooth,
low-vibration running.
TAGS: Volkswagen Vento
More from automobiles

Government Eases Gold Import Norm  Scraps 20% Export RuleYou are here: Home Industries
Government Eases Gold Import Rules in Surprise Move
Reuters | Updated On: November 29, 2014 00:42 (IST)
Consultations Underway on Revision of Royalty Rates on Coal: Report
Mumbai: The government has scrapped a rule mandating traders to export 20 per cent of all gold imported into the country, in a surprise move that could cut smuggling and raise legal shipments into the world's second biggest consumer of the metal after China.
Along with a record duty of 10 per cent, India introduced the so-called 80:20 import rule tying imports to exports of jewellery last year to bring down inbound shipments and narrow the current account deficit that had hit a record.
"It has been decided by the Government of India to withdraw the 20:80 scheme and restrictions placed on import of gold," the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Friday, without giving a reason for the change in the rule.
Only days ago there were talks between officials of the Mumbai-based central bank and the Finance Ministry in New Delhi to bring back curbs on some trading houses following a surge in imports over the past few months.
Traders said before the decision on Friday that India's gold imports could climb to around 100 tonnes for a third straight month in November as dealers bought heavily on fears of curbs on overseas purchases, especially as the wedding season picks up.
But the government's latest move came as a surprise even to some officials.
A policymaker associated with India's gold import policy said the government instructed the RBI at 6:30 p.m. on Friday to urgently change the rule. A notification was posted on the central bank's website two hours later.
"We were not informed about the reason for scrapping this rule. The restrictions on who all can import who can't are still valid," said the policymaker, declining to be named as he is not authorised to talk to media.
The rule change, however, was a relief to jewellers facing difficulties in sourcing gold during the key festival and wedding season that started in October.
Bachhraj Bamalwa, director of the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation, said the 80:20 rule was not only encouraging smuggling but was also misused by many traders.
From getting human mules to swallow nuggets to hiding gold bars in dead cows, smugglers had raised their activity since the middle of last year after the import curbs.
Following the disbanding of the 80:20 rule, the government may place a monthly or yearly quota for traders, said Sudheesh Nambiath, a senior analyst at consultancy Thomson Reuters GFMS.
"Quota is a more logical and simple way of monitoring and limiting gold imports," Mr Nambiath said.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

 Finance Ministry Hopeful of 5.4-5.9% Growth in FY15BofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry expects the economy to record a growth rate of 5.4-5.9 per cent this year as it said 5.3 per cent second quarter GDP expansion is on expected lines.
"The growth in the second quarter of the current financial year 2014-15 has been broadly on the expected lines," it said in a statement, after the release of economic data for this period.
Economy grew at a rate of 5.7 per cent in April-June period.
Referring to the Economic Survey projection that the growth of GDP would be in the range of 5.4-5.9 per cent, the Ministry said, "In the first half of the year the growth has been 5.5 per cent, which is broadly in line with the projections as well as the expectations."
The GDP expansion in the second quarter was pulled down, mainly by poor performance by agriculture and manufacturing sectors, which grew by 3.2 per cent and 0.1 per cent respectively.
The ministry said lower growth in agriculture was expected in in view of lower than expected monsoon this year.
Story first published on: November 28, 2014 21:59 (IST)

After Record Deal  More India Bank Takeovers on CardsYou are here: Home Corporates
After Record Deal, More India Bank Takeovers on Cards
Reuters | Updated On: November 29, 2014 00:27 (IST)
SpiceJet Allowed to Take Bookings Till March 31 by Regulator
Mumbai: India is set for more banking acquisitions after a record $2.4 billion takeover last week ended four years of a deals drought, as lenders fight for market share and wider reach amid looming competition from a new breed of players.
A banking sector consolidation should support an expected recovery in Asia's third-largest economy through creation of stronger lenders that will control the growth of bad loans and make credit availability easier.
Any deals, though, will be subject to close regulatory scrutiny and may face other hurdles, meaning they are expected at a steady clip rather than in a torrent.
"Deals will happen in the banking sector, but relatively fewer compared to mergers in other non-regulated sectors," said Sanjay Doshi, a partner at consultancy KPMG, referring to segments such as industrials and consumer where there is no sector-specific regulator.
The Indian banking sector is fragmented, with 46 commercial banks jostling for business with dozens of foreign banks as well as rural and co-operative lenders. State banks control 80 per cent of the market, leaving relatively small shares for private rivals.
The state-run banks are unlikely to be part of any takeovers involving private sector rivals as the government has not been keen to bless such transactions. But the private sector, which accounts for nearly half the total number of commercial banks, could see deal activity.
New private players were earlier this year allowed to enter the sector for the first time in a decade, and the apex bank plans to grant more bank licences. As a result, some large conglomerates are expected to jump in the fray.
With the incumbents keen to fortify themselves against the new competition and as the new players try to scale-up quickly, takeovers are clearly on the cards, say financial industry executives.
Among the conglomerates, the Aditya Birla group and billionaire Anil Ambani's Reliance Capital are keen on the banking sector and will be eyeing deals to expand quickly after they get permits, say investment bankers. The apex bank's stance on allowing conglomerates into banking is unclear.
Some of the bigger private sector players - No. 3 private sector lender Axis Bank, IndusInd Bank and Yes Bank - are also potential acquirers, dealmakers say.
Axis, IndusInd, Yes Bank, Reliance and Birla Group did not respond to requests for comment.
Targets include smaller banks that are localised, but with a high number of urban branches, like western India's DCB Bank and Karnataka Bank, investment bankers said.
DCB chief executive Murali Natrajan said the bank had no plan to merge with any bank, adding they aimed to double the balance sheet size in 36-42 months. Karnataka Bank did not respond to a request for comment.
Kotak Mahindra Bank agreed last week to buy ING Vysya in India's biggest bank deal.
Hurdles
The apex bank is also facilitating the setting up of 'payments banks', which take deposits and facilitate transactions but do not lend, and which could eat into the banks' margins.
(Read: India's smaller private sector banks )
While the economic rationale for the deals is growing, they face practical hurdles. Pricing of deals is one such. Many founders of small banks see their licences as prized assets for which they will demand a high price, even though most private sector banks are already trading at significant premiums to their book values.
Bank employee unions also can pose problems, if they fear major job losses in a takeover.
"The banking sector needs consolidation, but ... consolidation will move at a moderate pace in India in the near to medium term," said the head of M&A for India at a large European bank in Mumbai.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: November 28, 2014 23:32 (IST)

Michael Brown Protesters Urge Shoppers to Boycott Black Fridaymichael brown protesters urge shoppers to boycott black friday
Govt to soon issue PAN cards to companies onlineGovt to soon issue PAN cards to companies online
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 29, 2014  | 00:00 IST
The government is moving towards online issuance of PAN cards to companies as part of several measures to improve country's investment climate as well as its ranking in the ease of doing business index.
Cabinet Secretary Ajit Kumar Seth on Friday discussed with senior government officials and industry representatives ways to improve investment climate in the country.
They also deliberated upon ways to better India's ranking in the ease of doing business index.
Secretaries from different departments including DIPP, MSME, Labour, and Commerce were present at the meeting along with the members of industry body Ficci, CII and traders.
Later, the Commerce Ministry tweeted that the Revenue Secretary has said the department was "moving towards online issuance of PAN card immediately on issue of registration by Ministry of Corporate Affairs".
Industry leaders said the investment climate is improving and the government is taking several steps to improve ease of doing business in the country.
Maruti Suzuki India Chairman RC Bhargava said all the senior officials heard the views and comments of the industry.
"We are very optimistic. The government has informed us what they are doing (on the matter) and what all steps they would take," he said. Various issues came up for discussions including skill development and taxation laws, Bharagava added.
Ficci President Sidharth Birla said the government is planning several steps to improve India's ranking in the ease of doing business index.
India has been ranked 142 among the 189 countries in the latest report of the World Bank, falling two places from last year's ranking.
The meeting assumes significance as government is aiming to improve India's ranking in the ease of doing business index to 50th position in the next two years.
The Commerce and Industry Ministry has already taken several measures and has proposed a series of steps, including drastically reducing the time for registration of business to one day, single registration of all labour laws and cut in number of taxes to improve ease of doing business in India.
The MSME Secretary said that eight states have already implemented online registration of MSME companies.
Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher said that the ministry would soon introduce a single window clearance system. "There is a need to bring down the number documents for exports to three by 1st April 2015 from nine," Kher said.
"A single labour portal launched providing facility for clearance of 16 labour laws at one place. 6 states have also joined portal," Labour Secretary said.
Representatives of pharmaceutical export promotion council said that regulatory approvals need to be simplified.

India Inc presses for rate cut after GDP growth slips in Q2Tata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Expressing concern over subdued growth in the manufacturing sector, India Inc yesterday stepped up its demand for a cut in interest rate by Reserve Bank of India to give a leg-up to recovery both through higher consumption spending and opening up channels for investment.
Poor showing by agriculture and manufacturing sector pulled down the country’s economic growth rate to 5.3 per cent in the second quarter ended September 30. The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth rate has declined from 5.7 per cent rate in the first quarter ended June.
Commenting on the GDP data, Ficci said that while the growth in agriculture and services sector is in line with expectations, the subdued growth in manufacturing at 0.1 per cent is a matter of concern.
“An important element of the cost structure for manufacturing is interest rates and given the current inflation situation RBI should ease the monetary policy stance as this would give a boost to investment sentiment,” FICCI President Sidharth Birla said.
Recent Ficci surveys show that despite positive business sentiments, investors are still cautious about expansion due to subdued demand conditions and limited improvement in capacity utilization levels, the industry body said.
“The current wave of optimism needs to be maintained through continued efforts by the government towards further improving the tax and policy environment to encourage enterprises to expand,” it added.
It expects that real turnaround in investments should take place in 12 to 18 months.
“We look forward to further action on all the pending reforms including early introduction of goods and services tax, changes to the Land Acquisition Act and further reforms in labour laws,” it said.
CII said that looking ahead, in order to steer economy, there is need for continuing with proactive policies which would help revive investments and address the bottlenecks plaguing the agriculture and industrial sectors.
The RBI should review its status quoist approach and move towards paring interest rates in its forthcoming monetary policy to give a fillip to recovery both through higher consumption spending and opening up channels for investment, CII said.
Deloitte India said that though there has been an industry call for rate cuts, it is unlikely that any rate cuts in the immediate next cycle will make a dent to these numbers.
“Strong reform imitative coupled with passing of some crucial bills in the winter session of parliament may assist in aligning performance with the optimism that is currently in place,” it said.
TAGS: Gross Domestic Product India Inc
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

 GDP Growth Slows to 5.3% in Q2; Spotlight on ReformsYou are here: Home Economy
GDP Growth Slows to 5.3% in Q2, Puts Spotlight on Reforms, Rate Cut
NDTV | Updated On: November 28, 2014 18:26 (IST)
BofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
India's economy grew at 5.3 per cent between July and September, slower than 5.7 per cent GDP growth the economy clocked in the previous quarter. Friday's data was higher than estimates as most economists had expected second quarter GDP at just 5 per cent.
The slowdown will be a setback for the government, which had taken credit for the acceleration in GDP growth in the previous quarter, when the economy grew at the fastest pace in two and a half years.
A sharp slowdown in the manufacturing sector weighed on overall growth, data showed. India's manufacturing output grew at just 0.1 per cent as compared to 3.5 per cent in the previous quarter.
"The GDP growth number is slightly better than we expected because of better-than-expected agriculture growth," said Shivom Chakrabarti, senior economist of HDFC.
The slowdown in growth will put the spotlight on reforms, which analysts say must be fast-tracked to kick start the investment cycle. Lack of reforms in the construction and manufacturing sectors has been the biggest hindrance to capital investment in the country, analysts say.
Reforms related to land acquisition, labour, coal and power sector are expected to be taken up in the current session of Parliament.
"Now the onus is on the government to boost growth by reviving investment climate and get reforms moving like passing the land acquisition bill, goods and service tax, insurance bill. That will have a more pronounced impact on growth in the next fiscal year," Mr Chakrabarti added.
The slowdown will also lead to increased calls for a rate cut. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is likely to ask the Reserve Bank of India for a rate cut as early as next week.
"One cannot run fast with both hands tied to the back. So we need cost of borrowing to come down, for which interest rates have to be cut, as well as risk premium of doing business has also to come down, which will need government reforms," said Sujit Kumar Singh, economist at Union Bank of India.
However, the slowdown in economic growth is unlikely to impact stock markets. Analysts say GDP data is a lag indicator of the economy and markets have already factored in a 5 per cent growth in the September quarter.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Fresh Ferguson protest leads to arrest of 15By: Agence-France Presse | Ferguson |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:09 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 4:24 pm
Police arrested 15 people in the protest-hit St Louis suburb of Ferguson on Friday in more demonstrations demanding justice for an unarmed black teenager killed by police.
There have also been sporadic demonstrations around the United States after a Missouri grand jury decided earlier this week not to indict the white policeman who shot dead 18-year-old Michael Brown in August.
Monday’s announcement that officer Darren Wilson will not face charges sparked protests, looting and eruptions of gun fire in Ferguson, and demonstrators were again on the streets in the predominantly black suburb on Friday.
“Police in Ferguson issued warning to protesters leave streets. Some protesters ignored warnings. Were taken into custody,” St Louis County Police Department tweeted.
In a subsequent tweet, it added: “Confirmed: 15 arrested in Ferguson; one facing assault on a law enforcement officer charge. Other protesters remain peaceful.”

Govt. committed to realising potential of Northeast: PMIndia will not develop till the Northeast develops, PM Narendra Modi said on Saturday. File Photo
TOPICS
heads of state
Ahead of his visit to Northeastern states, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said the government is committed to realising the potential of the region and accelerating its progress as India will not develop till it develops.
“I would visit Assam, Manipur, Tripura and Nagaland and attend a wide range of programmes that would connect me to all sections of society, I am eagerly looking forward to being there and interacting with people,” he tweeted.
I would visit Assam, Manipur, Tripura & Nagaland & attend a wide range of programmes that would connect me to all sections of society.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 29, 2014
Rich natural resources combined with talent of youth gives the Northeast the potential to play a key role in the development journey, the Prime Minister noted.
Rich natural resources combined with talent of our youth gives our Northeast the potential to play a key role in our development journey.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 29, 2014
“India will not develop till the Northeast develops. We are committed to realising the potential of the Northeast and accelerating its progress,” Mr. Modi said.
India will not develop till the Northeast develops. We are committed to realising the potential of the Northeast & accelerating its progress

Rajnath slams Pak over terrorism  says govt concerned about IS threatRajnath accuses Pakistan of destabilising India
Digambar Patowary , Hindustan Times  Guwahati, November 29, 2014
First Published: 10:52 IST(29/11/2014) | Last Updated: 19:26 IST(29/11/2014)
Comments
Union home minister Rajnath Singh accused Saturday Pakistani "state actors" of trying to destabilise India, coming down hard on the nuclear-armed neighbour close on the heels of a fierce encounter in Jammu and Kashmir that killed at least 10 people.
Addressing the 49th All India DGPs and IGPs conference in Guwahati, Singh also underlined the security threats India was faced with and talked about the challenges posed by militants groups Islamic State and al Qaeda.
Pointing to the attack earlier this week on an army patrol in Kashmir, Singh said Pakistan's claim that "non-state actors are behind such incidents is not true".
Questioning the role of spy agency Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), he asked, "Pakistan claims non-state actors are behind such incidents (of terrorism)... I ask is ISI also non-state actor?"
"It is unfortunate Pakistan does not mend its ways."
The home minister had raked up the issue in his address at the recently held Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, saying terrorism in India was "completely Pakistan-sponsored".  
Singh's remarks in Guwahati came against the backdrop of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc) summit held earlier this week in Nepal that was overshadowed by India and Pakistan's rivalry and ended with little progress towards regional integration.
Singh, in his speech, also voiced concerns about Indian youngsters joining the Islamic State (also known as IS, or ISIS, or ISIL).
A day after Areeb Majeed, a youth from Kalyan who had joined the West Asian group, returned to Mumbai, Singh said, "There are some misguided youth who are getting attracted to... organisations like the ISIS."
"We are concerned about the fact that Indian youngsters are getting drawn to Islamic State."
"Even though ISIS was born in Iraq and Syria, the Indian subcontinent cannot stay untouched by it -- we need to be aware of that reality," Singh said.
The home minister added al Qaeda was a serious threat to India, and the central government had not taken it lightly.
"There may be many terrorist organisations in the world but the government will not allow them to get a foothold in India," he said.
The home minister stressed al Qaeda would not succeed in India, referring to a threat issued by the terror outfit's chief, Ayman al-Zawahiri, to spread its base in the country.
"We can't take al Qaeda's threat of turning India into an Islamic state lightly. It is a challenge to us... Our security agencies are capable enough to deal any security challenge," Singh said.
On the October 2 Burdwan blasts, Singh said the West Bengal police and National Investigation Agency were playing crucial roles in the probe.
The blast took place at a house in Burdwan district's Khagragarh area, killing two alleged Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh militants and injuring another.
Singh congratulated the Bengal police Saturday for busting a terror operation in the state.
"A terrorist network has been busted in West Bengal; I congratulate the West Bengal police and NIA who are playing an important role in exposing the network. On the basis of the capability of the security forces, I can say that we are ready to face any kind of challenge," he said.
Stressing the need for modernisation of country's police forces, the Union home minister also asked all the state governments to fill up vacancies in their respective police forces.
Directors general of police (DGPs), inspectors general of police (IGPs) from all states and Union territories, heads of all paramilitary forces, officials from the Intelligence Bureau and all chief ministers of the northeastern states are taking part in the two-day conference in Guwahati.
Singh admitted there was lack of development in the northeast. "Let me assure you, we are committed towards a comprehensive development of this region."
Singh urged all the northeastern states to fill up vacancies in the police forces and assured them of all possible help.
Rajnath Singh slams Pak over terrorism, says its state actors behind attacks in India?
(With IANS and AFP inputs)

Government probe team holds district administration responsible for Patna stampedeNov 29, 2014 at 02:51pm IST
Government probe team holds district administration responsible for Patna stampede
7
0
Patna: Lack of a detailed crowd management plan, poor civic amenities besides absence of district magistrates from duty were some reasons cited by the Bihar government probe panel for the October 3 stampede in the state capital in which 33 people were killed.
"During our probe we found several deficiencies in the arrangements due to which the stampede could not be checked. After paying attention to all aspects of the incident we found that the district administration, district police administration, Patna Municipal Corporation and the traffic police were responsible for it," Principal Secretary Home department Amir Subbani said on Saturday.
The two-member probe team set up by the state government consisted of Subbani and Additional Director General of Police (Headquarters) Gupteshwar Pandey.
The stampede had occurred near the southern gate of the 62-acre Gandhi Maidan soon after the Ravana Vadh programme got over on October 3.
#patna #patna stampede #bihar government #district administration
Subhani said there was no detailed crowd management plan for the event. The high mast light near the place of incident was not working, additional lights were not installed, deputed magistrates were less in number and some of them were absent from duty.
He also said the cow-catcher at the gate was damaged, loudspeakers had not been arranged to direct the movement of people, and traffic was not stopped to facilitate the exit of crowd from Gandhi Maidan.
Throwing light on the reasons which triggered the stampede, Subhani said eyewitness accounts and other facets of the enquiry revealed that a cable TV wire had fallen on the
ground near the exit gate which sparked a rumour that electric current was running through it.
"A big crowd was coming out of the southern gate of Gandhi Maidan at that time and the rumour led to a stampeded. People fell on each other and got trampled to death," he said.
The Principal Secretary (Home) also said that eyewitnesses and relatives of the deceased and injured said that eve-teasing and attempts of molestation by miscreants and rowdy elements were also a reason for the commotion.
The stampede had occurred near the southern gate of the 62-acre Gandhi Maidan soon after the Ravana Vadh programme got over on October 3 this year, when the people who had come to watch the ceremony were exiting from the ground.
2

BMB eyes 1 000-cr deposits  Rs 800-cr loan book by March-endBMB eyes 1 000-cr deposits  Rs 800-cr loan book by March-end
ISIS a concern but won t let it gain foothold here: RajnathISIS a concern but won t let it gain foothold here: Rajnath
Maruti Suzuki s Upcoming Cars; Price  Feature  Launch DetailsMaruti Suzuki s Upcoming Cars; Price  Feature  Launch Details
E-visa facility will push businesses to travel to IndiaE-visa facility will push businesses to travel to India
FireEye sees scope for cyber insurance as threats widenBreaches can’t be prevented, firms must look at minimising impact
Hyderabad, Nov 29:  
Mobile phones could become a soft target for cyber criminals in 2015. They could sneak in malware to lock important files and demand ransom to unlock the files.
FireEye, the US-based cyber security solution provider, has said that mobile phones will see sustained attacks by the cyber fraudsters in the New Year. Mobile attacks would deploy Cryptolocker solutions to lock files on your mobile devices, seeking a ransom. The firm said mobile ransomware will break into cloud accounts and encrypt the data.
“This model proved effective and easy for attackers on Windows computers and native users could be tricked into a similar strategy on their mobile device,” Ramsunder Papineni, Regional Director (India & SAARC), FireEye, said, while predicting the threat landscape for 2015.
The companies must learn from the massive breaches of 2014 and shift their cyber security strategy to account for the reality that a breach is inevitable and the focus should be on minimising the impact of being breached, the report said.
Ramsunder cited the example of Koler ransomware on Android platform that could lock the phones and show the message, saying that all the files were encrypted “due to viewing/storage and/or dissemination of banned pornography”. It, then, demands a few hundred dollars to unlock the files.
Cyber breaches
The cyber security breaches cost millions in fraud costs and shareholder value, loss of customer confidence and in some cases CEOs and CIOs losing their jobs.
“As we look forward to 2015, a changing geopolitical situation makes it difficult for government organisations to police the malicious activities that exist in cyber space while more devices and data move online,” he said.
Middle-layers
The fraudsters would target `middle layer’ targets like processors and companies that manage and maintain point of sales (PoS) devices for both large and mid-sized businesses. A single, successful intrusion in such businesses could provide access to pools of credit card data from many sources. “This data could rival the numbers we have seen stolen from single large victims thus far,” the report said.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Germany introduces special aircraft to evacuate Ebola patientsGermany introduces special aircraft to evacuate Ebola patients
PTI
Tweet
Berlin, Nov 29:  
Germany has commissioned a special medical evacuation aircraft for transporting health workers infected with Ebola virus from the West African nations devastated by the epidemic.
An Airbus A-340 passenger aircraft of the German carrier Lufthansa has been transformed into a flying clinic to transport patients out of Ebola-infested West African countries to be treated en route.
The aircraft christened ‘Robert Koch’ after the country’s renowned microbiologist and physician has on board a special isolation chamber for treating highly contagious Ebola patients during the flight.
It also provides two other isolation chambers for the medical personnel attending the patients and for the crew. All three chambers have separate exhaust systems, which will make sure that the virus will not spread inside the plane.
The German carrier, which spent weeks converting the former passenger aircraft, said in a statement that the plane is “the world’s only evacuation facility for highly contagious patients’’, and would offer more comprehensive care than the smaller jets that have been used to transport Ebola patients in recent months.
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, who took delivery of the aircraft from Lufthansa together with Health Minister Hermann Groehe at Berlin’s Tegel airport on Thursday, paid tributes to the voluntary health workers who risked their lives to go to West Africa and to treat the Ebola patients.
“We must make sure that those infected can return home and during the flight they can receive the best medical care.
This aircraft enables us to give this assurance,” he told a news conference at the airport.
“People infected with the virus are still dying in West Africa and the threat of its infection spreading to other countries in the region is far from over.
“The international community should admit that it was slow in responding to the Ebola crisis in West Africa,” Steinmeier said.
Besides the German Government, Lufthansa and the Robert Koch Institute are involved in the project.
The German Government has so far pledged more than €100 million to help tackle the disease. Germany will make available the aircraft to other counties, a statement said.
The biggest Ebola epidemic on record has claimed around 5,700 lives in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone since the beginning of the year, according to the World Health Organisation.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Indian youths joining ISIS matter of concern: Rajnath | ISIS  recruit  sent to NIA custodyIndia vulnerable to ISIS activities, says Home Minister Rajnath Singh
Bikash Singh, ET Bureau Nov 30, 2014, 01.43AM IST
Tags:
Arif Majeed
(He said although the terror…)
GUWAHATI: Union home minister Rajnath Singh has said India can no longer remain unaffected by growing Islamic terror designs, pointing to instances of some youth in India falling under the influence of Islamic State (ISIS) forces. ISIS has set up bases in Iraq and Syria and the Indian subcontinent cannot remain unaffected by it, said Singh addressing the annual conference of DGPs and IGPs in Guwahati on Saturday.
Singh added that state actors like intelligence agency ISI of Pakistan are working to destabilize India. Expressing concern over Islamic terror groups, Singh said the call for Jihad against India by outfits such as the Al-Qaeda cannot be taken lightly.
"We should consider threats of turning India into an Islamic country a challenge." As evidence, Singh pointed to the case of 24-year-old Areeb Majeed of Mumbai who is accused of joining jihadists in Syria.
Singh, however, said insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir has declined. "Recruitment of youth in insurgent outfits has declined. However Pakistan is still not yielding and has maintained that trouble in J&K is due to non-state actors. Is ISI a non-state actor?"
The home minister added there is a considerable decline in violence in the Left wing extremism-affected areas. "The Northeast India situation continues to be worrisome with ethnic clashes and militancy. The region has around 75 to 100 militant outfits, several of which are in talks with government. Some have ceased operation and in some cases cadres of these outfits are engaged in extortion."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets a tad shy of Rs 100 trillion market-capSensex in unchartered territory, Nifty hits 8600; top stocks to bet on by experts
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 28, 2014, 06.38PM IST
Tags:
Angel Broking
(Nifty also crossed the 8,600…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex surged as much as 383 points in trade on Friday to hit its fresh life time high of 28,822.37, fuelled by strong buying seen in frontline stocks such as ICICI Bank, SBI, Reliance, L&T and Tata Motors.
The BSE closed with a total market capitalization of Rs 99.76 trillion, just a tad shy of the Rs 100 trillion mark which it hit earlier in trade today. However, the rally is still not over yet as experts see this figure doubling in the next 3-5 years.
The S&P BSE Sensex closed at 28,693.99 up 255 points or 0.90 per cent. It touched a record high of 28,822.37 and a low of 28,483.99 in trade today.
Brokers said sentiment was upbeat on sustained capital inflows after global crude oil prices fell to over 4-year lows, which is likely to help the government to tackle both current account and fiscal deficits and also lower subsidy bill, said a PTI report.
We have collated list of stocks & sectors from experts from different brokerage firms which are likely to remain in focus for the next 6-12 months:
Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL Group
Banks are looking good as they act proxy for the economy. When the economy takes off then banking is the first sector to benefit directly; but, within that I will be little cautious about PSU banks because all the PSU banks are different.
I would say that private sector banks are expensive, but still most of the investment money is chasing private sector banks and within private sector banks large cap, small cap, midcap all of them look good. We like ICICI Bank, Axis Bank or HDFC Bank or may be Yes Bank.
Banks will attract most money and they will perform in line with the market, but the outperformers may come from infrastructure or may come from capital goods, may come from cyclicals like auto and cement and stocks like that.
Dhirendra Tiwari, Head of Research, Antique Stock Broking
Crompton Greaves continues to be our preferred capital goods bet so there is no change in the stance. There has been lot of activity around the stock in recent times. Avantha Group has sold part of its stake in the company.
We like PSU banks broadly because they are still cheap if we look at the valuations. They will be in limelight and we continue to be bullish on the PSU banks with a 12 to 15 months timeframe.
The catalyst were awaited, key catalyst are reduction in interest rate which is more likely happen. The other aspect which is very important to notice is the credit recovery with economic activity picking up little bit - one can expect the demand for credit also to go up to may be industry wide 18% to 20%.
There have been good midcap stocks and we continue to be positive on them. Sadbhave Engineering, of course, is one of them. We also have good set of midcap NBFC such as, PTC India Financials and SKS Microfinance which we have been positive for long time and we continue to maintain that.
There have been good midcaps in auto ancillary like Apollo or Ceat and possibly you can look at some of the now larger midcaps like Bharat Forge.
Mayuresh Joshi, VP, Institution, Angel Broking
We have been extremely bullish and optimistic on banking space for some amount of time and we continue doing so. We think parameters that would work in favour of the banking industry is credit growth going forward. Investors can look at all these banks from long term perspective.
  The only caveat again as I would point out that if governor Rajan decides against rate hike, probably all the sentimental impact that we are probably seeing on banks might beat it down, but that would again be reasonable opportunity to get into the banks probably on declines.
So State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda from the PSU space; the private space, Axis, HDFC, ICICI is what we are liking. Yes Bank from the midcap private space and even some banks like Canara and State Bank of India, we believe probably with the bond yields going down the way they are, that can give the huge impact over the next three to four quarters.
Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd
In near term, focus of investors will be on actions taken on pending bills mainly Insurance Amendment bill, Goods & services tax (GST) bill, banking sector reforms. With references to this, one should keep in an eye on stocks like Reliance Capital, State Bank of India, Max India, NBFCs, HDFC, ICICI Bank, LIC housing Finance.
Raghu Kumar, Cofounder at RKSV
Seeing how IT, Pharma, Auto, and Defense have all done wonderfully well over the past 6 months, I would expect the same to continue. Dr. Reddy's, Cipla, Ashok Leyland, Hero Motorp, Infosys, and Wipro should continue to do well. However, it's better to focus on the sectors versus individual stocks and look for stocks that are underpriced in a sector that is doing well.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi: Robbers loot Rs 1.5 crore from ATM cash van  kill guardIn a daring daylight heist, two men on a motorcycle gunned down a security guard and robbed Rs. 1.5 crore from an ATM kiosk in north Delhi's busy Kamla Nagar on Saturday.
 
The incident took place at around 11am when custodians of a van belonging to a private cash replenishment firm were refilling money into the Citibank ATM, said joint commissioner of police Sandeep Goel.
 
“Two men on a bike arrived and shot the security guard twice in his head. They then picked up a bag containing Rs. 1.5 crore from inside the kiosk and fled brandishing their weapons,” said a senior police officer.
 
Kamla Nagar is an area adjacent to the University of Delhi’s main campus and is largely occupied by students.
Police inspect the scene of crime after miscreants looted a cash van outside Citi Bank's ATM in Kamla Nagar area. (Photo courtesy: @ANI_news)
Earlier this week, unidentified men hauled off a Union Bank of India cash machine from west Delhi’s Narela and also snatched the CCTV cameras installed in the booth.
 
The injured security guard, Satinder Singh, was taken to a nearby hospital where he died at around 3.30pm, sources said.
 
“He was not breathing and his blood pressure was low. He was revived artificially and his blood pressure brought up. But after the CT scan and other investigations, he collapsed again and finally could not be revived,” said Dr Siddharth Ramji, medical superintendent of Lok Nayak hospital.
 
Police have lodged a case including charges of attempt to murder, armed robbery and sections of the Arms Act while CCTV footage from the area is being scanned to identify the criminals.
 
"We extend our deepest condolences to the family of the security guard employed by our service provider, who lost his life in this tragic incident. We will cooperate fully with the law enforcement authorities in their efforts to bring the perpetrators of this crime to justice," a Citibank spokesperson told HT.
 
Several teams led by DCP Madhur Verma are investigating the case under the overall supervision of special CP Deepak Mishra, sources said.
 
In 2012, five armed robbers made off with a private bank’s cash van carrying Rs. 5.25 crore in south Delhi’s Defence Colony at around 1.45pm on September 28, after intercepting the vehicle and shooting at the guard.
Robbers loot Rs. 1.5 crore from cash van outside ATM in Delhi

Kalyan youth who joined IS in West Asia sent to NIA custody till Dec 8IS recruit Majeed booked for terror conspiracy
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, November 29, 2014
First Published: 11:38 IST(29/11/2014) | Last Updated: 16:17 IST(29/11/2014)
Comments
College student-turned-ISIS militant Areeb Majeed was produced before a special National Investigation Agency (NIA) court Saturday and sent to NIA custody till December 8.
Six months after he left his suburban Mumbai home to join Islamic State (also known as IS or ISIS or ISIL) militants, 22-year-old Majeed returned from West Asia Friday and was being questioned by the NIA, officials said.
Majeed has been booked under sections 16, 18, 20 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA)  relating to conspiracy in a terrorist act, and section 125 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) for waging war against a country which has friendly ties with India.
The NIA, however, was not willing to comment much on the case which has raised concerns across the country over the West Asian militant group's recruitment plans.
Hindustan Times was the first to report that Areeb, earlier thought to have been killed in an air strike, was alive and had called his father, Dr Ijaz Majeed, seeking help to return from Turkey.
Sleuths believe Areeb has actively participated in ISIS terror designs in Iraq and Syria.
Areeb and three other young men -- Fahad Shaikh, Saheem Tanki and Amaan Tandel -- from Kalyan in Maharashtra's Thane district went to Iraq in May to join the jihadi group, investigators said. How Areeb managed to escape and go to Turkey is still unknown.
NIA prosecutor Geeta Godambe said the agency wanted to know the truth, and sought to take Areeb into 14-day custody.
Areeb, who was dressed in dark brown Pathani suit Saturday, was asked by the judge why he had not hired any lawyer. "I was in NIA's custody, and did not get the time to hire a lawyer," he said.
The judge further asked if he had any complaints with the agency. But, Areeb said 'no'.
Preliminary questioning of Areeb has made the agency believe that ISIS handlers gave the Kalyan youngster a basic training in handling firearms.
Areeb has also reportedly told the agency about who funded his trip. An NIA source said the agency had zeroed in on a firm.
Areeb was injured in an airstrike in Iraq and suffered a bullet injury. He has no regrets of having joined the ISIS, added police sources.
Sources said Areeb landed at Mumbai international airport at 5:15am Friday and was immediately taken into custody by NIA officials.
According to police, the four engineering students -- radicalised over the internet -- flew to Baghdad as part of a group of 22 pilgrims visiting religious shrines in Iraq. But intelligence agencies later intercepted phone calls where the men were crying and asking their families to seek the government's help for their return.
Maharashtra's anti-terrorism squad (ATS), which earlier questioned the youngsters' relatives, is also in touch with the NIA over Areeb's return, sources said.
Intelligence and security officials have warned that the Islamic State is trying to indoctrinate and recruit young volunteers online from India - home to the world's second-largest Muslim population.
However, national security adviser Ajit Doval said at this month's HT Leadership Summit that no more than 10 Indian Muslims had gone to join IS militants in Iraq and Syria.

First India-Australia Test postponed; Phil Hughes funeral on Wednesdayprint
The scheduled first test between Australia and India has been postponed due to the death of Australian player Phillip Hughes, with no new date set.
The game at Brisbane's 'Gabba ground was to have started Thursday, and Cricket Australia was yet to announce new dates.
Australian cricket remains in mourning for opening batsman Hughes who died Thursday, having not regained consciousness after being hit by a bouncer on Tuesday during a domestic game.
His funeral will be held in his home town of Macksville, between Brisbane and Sydney, on Wednesday and Cricket Australia said it was "neither feasible nor fair" to begin the test the next day.
Cricket Australia said Saturday that the Board of Control for Cricket in India and the India team had been notified and were understanding and supportive.
The decision came after former Australia captain Ricky Ponting said a Thursday start was impossible.
"It's been such a tragic week for the Hughes family and the cricket community and I can't imagine how anybody can be expected to play test cricket on Thursday," Ponting wrote in a News Corp. Australia column.
"I don't think it would be right. Even if the boys think they can play, it would be a miracle if they find the right frame of mind needed for five days of cricket."
The Hughes' family reportedly was happy for the game to go ahead as scheduled, but possibly not playing the first session on Thursday morning and instead placing a cricket bat on the Gabba pitch in his memory.
Most cricketers around Australia returned to play on Saturday. In Sydney and Adelaide, the two cities were Hughes played, grade cricket - the level below interstate cricket - was cancelled. But club and school games mostly went ahead as planned, with many players wearing black armbands.
Two numbers were often etched into pitches or on uniforms: 63, the run total Hughes had accrued before he was hit by the ball, and 408 - he was the 408th test player to compete for Australia.
There were also tributes from around the world from current and former players. New Zealand, playing a test against Pakistan, etched the letters PH on their caps and refused to celebrate when wickets were claimed.
The "putoutyourbats" hashtag has been trending on Twitter as thousands around the world place a cricket bat outside their home in honor of Hughes.
Australia captain Michael Clarke, who had been at the hospital at Hughes' bedside and with his family since Tuesday's incident, broke down in tears repeatedly on Saturday as he recalled his teammate, who came through the grades with Clarke for New South Wales then Australia.
"Things were always put in perspective when Hughesy said 'where else would you rather be boys, but playing cricket for your country?'. We're going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. The world lost one of its great blokes this week and we are all poorer for it."

J-K: Grenade attack in Srinagar injures 6 civiliansComments
Militants hurled a grenade in Srinagar’s commercial hub Lal Chowk injuring eight people, including seven civilians and a soldier.
While eyewitnesses say the grenade was hurled at a CRPF bunker in Palladium cinema area in Lal Chowk, police refused to confirm that security forces were the target.
The injured have been rushed to a local hospital for medical treatment. Doctors have declared that all the injured are out of danger.
"There was a militant attack in Lal Chowk and eight people including seven civilians have been injured,” confirmed a Srinagar-based police spokesperson. "The injured include a father-son duo and a CRPF personnel,” he added.
The blast occurred around 2pm near the Palladium Lane in Lal Chowk.
The injured were rushed to SMHS hospital, the police said adding, the area has been cordoned off and a hunt has been launched to nab the militants involved in the attack.
No militant outfit has so far claimed responsibility for the explosion.
According to eyewitnesses, the crowd that frequents Lal Chowk during the day as well as the business hub’s multiple exit points helped the militants to flee. Owing to the ongoing elections, additional security has been deployed in Srinagar — especially Lal Chowk.
Paramilitary and police forces conducted searches and frisking in the area.
The five phase election is underway in the state. While the first phase on November 25 was peaceful, the state has witnessed increased militant attacks since 71% voters came out cast their votes.
In a 30-hour encounter in Arnia in the Jammu region, 12 people including five civilians, three army personnel and four militants were killed. 
SDPO Kothibagh Faisal Qayoom said police have started investigation and will be looking at the CCTV footage to track down the militant who lobbed the grenade.
This is first grenade attack in Srinagar city since militants made an abortive bid to attack an election rally in Khanyar during Lok Sabha polls earlier this year.
Watch: Seven civilians, CRPF officer injured in grenade attack at Lal Chowk in Srinagar
(With agency inputs)

Huhtamaki PPL to hold EGMHuhtamaki PPL to hold EGM
P V Sindhu on course to defend her Macau Open title  reaches finalsBy: Press Trust of India | Macau |
Posted: November 29, 2014 4:13 pm
Defending champion P V Sindhu notched up a comfortable straight-game win in women’s singles to enter the final but young shuttler H S Prannoy lost despite a valiant fight in the men’s singles semifinal of the Macau Grand Prix Gold in Macau on Saturday.
The two-time World Championship bronze-medallist, Sindhu, held an all-win 4-0 record against Busanan Ongbumrungpan of Thailand before coming into the match and the Indian kept her record intact by registering her fifth win.
The second-seeded Indian prevailed over Busanan, seeded eighth, 21-14 21-15 in a 42-minute match at the Tap Seac Multisport Pavilion.
Prannoy, on the other hand, waged a fierce battle but still failed to breach the defence of Wing Ki Wong of Hong Kong, who prevailed 21-16 16-21 21-12 in the match that lasted an hour.
In the women’s singles match, Busanan moved into an early 5-2 lead but she couldn’t keep the pressure on Sindhu and the Indian turned the tables, reaching 13-9 and didn’t allow the Thai girl to claw back to pocket the first game.
In the second game, Sindhu zoomed to 5-1 initially.
Busanan drew parity at 8-8 and 12-12 but once again she was not consistent enough to bother Sindhu.
The duo played aggressive rallies and Busan played some extraordinary shots but it was mostly followed by miscued hits which allowed Sindhu to keep her lead.Leading 19-15, Sindhu changed the pace of the rallies as
Leading 19-15, Sindhu changed the pace of the rallies as Busanan hit the shuttle out and then found the net to hand over the match and the final place to the Indian.
In the men’s singles semifinals, Wong, who had beaten world champion Chen Long at China Open early this month, rode on his better court coverage and strong defence to tame the Indian, not to mention the poor line calls.
In the first game, Prannoy showed agility to lead early on but Wong came back to draw parity at 5-5. The Indian then made some errors errors allowing Wong to go into the breather 11-7 ahead.
Prannoy tried to return everything that was thrown at him and his follow-ups earned him points and he led 13-11 at one point. But the Indian once again struggled with his judgement of shuttle’s length as Wong led 17-14.
Two successive shots at the net by Prannoy and the score read 19-14 in Wong’s favour. Wong played patiently, forcing the Indian to commit errors and the ploy worked as Prannoy hit wide twice to hand over the first game to Wong.
In the second game, Prannoy brought out his accurate down the line smashes and angled strokes to lead 11-7 at the interval.
After the break, the Indian continued continued…

Northeast conflicts have socio-economic roots  says Union Home Minister Rajnath SinghWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:52 pm
Most conflicts in the Northeastern region have socio-economic reasons behind them and these (reasons) have been there since even before independence, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Saturday. Intelligence Bureau director Syed Asif Ibrahim on the other hand said the Northeast situation was “fragile” despite several groups talking peace with the government.
Addressing the inaugural function of the 49th All India Conference of DGS and IGPs – held for the first time outside the national capital – here Saturday, Singh said these socio-economic disparities have existed due to lack of development including that of infrastructure in the region.
“The level of development including infrastructure development has not been as satisfactory as it should have been. Some conflicts have roots in these socio-economic reasons. This is a matter of concern. It is not an exaggeration that these disparities have existed since even before independence,” Singh said.
He also expressed concern over incidents of violence carried out by various groups in the region despite peace talks, ceasefire and suspension of operation by several of these groups. “The government of India has been talking to some groups while some others are either in ceasefire or have declared suspension of violence on their own. But despite that, extortion and other incidents have been on,” Singh said.
Pointing out that holding the All India Conference of DGPs and IGPs outside India was a major decision taken by the government, the home minister also said that holding the first such conference in Guwahati was at the initiative of prime minister Narendra Modi himself. “It is at the prime minister’s suggestion that we are holding this important conference in the Northeast,” he added.
Earlier, giving an overview of the situation, Intelligence Bureau director Syed Asif Ibrahim said the security scenario in the Northeastern region continued to be fragile due to violent activities carried out by groups that are still outside the process of peace talks with the government.
“The situation in the Northeast continues to be fragile because of violent acts carried out by groups that are still outside the dialogue process with the government,” Ibrahim said. Giving a state-wise break-up he said that while the Songbijit faction of NDFB was responsible for 85 per cent of the casualties in Assam, the GNLA was responsible for over 75 per cent casualties in Meghalaya.
“In Nagaland, internecine clashes for area dominance and extortion have remained a cause of worry, while two Naga outfits are engaged in a turf-war in Tirap, Changlang and Longding districts of Arunachal Pradesh. In Manipur on the other hand, Meitei underground groups are responsible for over 55 per cent casualties,” Ibrahim said.

Delhi: Robbers pull off Rs 1 crore heist  kill ATM security guardWritten by Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:11 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 3:33 am
In a span of just 20 seconds, two bike-borne assailants gunned down the guard of a security service agency, robbed Rs 1.5 crore from the men who were loading cash into ATMs and fled the spot. The incident was reported from an ATM kiosk on Bungalow Road in North Delhi’s Roop Nagar around 11 am on Saturday.
Police said the guard, Satinder Singh, from Manipur in Uttar Pradesh, sustained two bullet wounds in his head and died on Saturday evening.
1,2Footage taken by an onlooker shows his accomplice waiting on a motorbike
According to police, the cash van of Scientific Security Management System (SSMS), a cash replenishment firm, reached Bungalow Road around 11 am to load cash into two ATMs  —one each of Citibank and Kotak Mahindra. The two loaders and a security guard got down from the van — one supervisor and the driver remained inside.
The loaders took out two cash bags and went inside the Citibank ATM, while the guard stood outside with a rifle. Before the men could load the money, two men wearing helmets stopped their motorbike next to the ATM, whipped out a pistol and shot the guard at point-blank range. One of the men then went inside the ATM, snatched the two bags from the loaders, fired a shot in the air, sat on the bike and raced off, police said.
3The man puts the cash bags on the bike and the two speed away towards Hansraj Hostel
Vinod, a security guard who works at one of the showrooms in the market, said, “Everything happened within seconds. I heard a loud noise and thought there was an explosion inside the ATM. When I rushed there, I saw the guard lying in a pool of blood and the loaders shouting for help. The loaders could not see the assailant’s face as he was wearing a helmet. The one driving the motorbike — he too had a helmet on — was very quick. As soon as his associate got on, he raced off.”
The Roop Nagar police station is just 300 metres away from the ATM. There is also a police picket a 100 metres away from the spot. Two policemen were stationed here.  “After committing the heist, the assailants fired in the air and took off towards Hansraj Hostel. The policemen stationed at the picket chased them till the men took a right towards Civil Lines and disappeared,” an officer said.

Singer Chinmayi praises Sonakshi Sinha for her effort in learning TamilBy: Press Trust of India | Chennai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:09 pm
Actress Sonakshi Sinha, who surprised Rajinikanth with her performance in ‘Lingaa’, earned praise from popular playback singer Chinmayi who has dubbed for her in the upcoming Tamil movie.
Chinmayi, who has dubbed for the 26-year-old actress in Tamil and Telugu in the multilingual film, said it was refreshing to see the effort Sonakshi has put in, in learning the Tamil lines.
“It is her first Tamil film and her sincerity showed. She could have actually tried dubbing for herself in Tamil if not for the fact that it wouldn’t have sounded like a Tamil native. If at all she does act in some urban love story she could dub for herself,” Chinmayi posted on a social networking site.
A source from the film’s production team had recently said, “It is Sonakshi’s debut in the south and we all are quite fascinated, including Rajinikanth sir, by how she has adapted to the south movies so quickly. Even though it is a completely new language for Sonakshi, she has been pretty quick with the shooting…”
Chinmayi missed out on a chance to sing in the Rajinikanth starrer as she was travelling but director Ravikumar made sure she was part of the movie and got her to dub for Sonakshi.
“And yes after Shivaji this is the first time I didn’t get to sing in a superstar film. But I definitely believe all that happens is for the very best,” she told PTI.
Besides Sonakshi, the other lead actress is Anushka Shetty. The music for the film, scheduled for release in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi on December 12, is by A R Rahman.
Chinmayi, who has dubbed for actresses like Trisha (‘Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa’ (VTV), Samantha (Ye Maaya Chesaave (Telugu version) and Tammanah (Kandaen Kaadhalai), feels dubbing artistes do not get due recognition.
Except the Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh state governments, there are no awards for dubbing artistes, Chinmayi said.
She said in her posting on a social networking site that she was not a dubbing artiste “by my primary profession” and dub “for the fun of it.”
“A dubbing artiste does a lot of repair work for an artiste who doesn’t naturally speak the language they are acting in. The next time you watch a villain or an actor whom you know to be a non-native speaker of the language, watch the lip-sync. You’ll know the amount of work that dubbing artistes have been putting in to elevate the performance of the actors.”
“There have been generations of artistes who have gone unsung and have been (and continue to be) routinely underpaid for their efforts.”

India-Aus 1st Test postponed after Hughes s...Australia
(The funeral of Hughes, who…)
SYDNEY: The first test between Australia and India, scheduled to start in Brisbane on Thursday, has been postponed until an as yet unspecified date after the death of batsman Phillip Hughes , Cricket Australia said on Saturday.
The funeral of Hughes, who died at the age of 25 on Thursday after being struck on the head by a ball while playing a domestic match at the Sydney Cricket Ground two days earlier, will take place in his hometown of Macksville on Wednesday.
"These are extraordinary circumstances and we simply couldn't or wouldn't expect our players to be emotionally ready to start a test match the day after farewelling one of their team mates," Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland said in a news release.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty continue record-breaking runSensex  Nifty continue record-breaking run
UPDATE 1-Greenland s ruling party to seek coalition after narrow election winUPDATE 1-Greenland s ruling party to seek coalition after narrow election win
Gold hits 2-wk low on easing of import curbs | IMF lauds WTOGold hits 2-wk low on easing of import curbs | IMF lauds WTO
IMF lauds WTO decisions on TFA food securityIMF lauds WTO decisions on TFA food security
Hdfc equity fund... larges and oldest scheme (fund manager prashant ja...Gold Member
27 Followers
Angel07: You have not got my view correctly. I am only contradicting you point 1. If some one is interested for 15-20% return then he should invest into good MF like one you have indicated. Even as you have mentioned warren buffet also earned only 28% CAGR in long term. But there are some other star rated MF schemes have earned more than 30% (e.g. Reliance Small cap MF, IDFC premier Eq. Fund, DSP Micro cap, Franklin S Fund etc.)
If intention is to earn more than 25-30% then only one has to invest directly into stocks with well diversified portfolio, mainly dominated by Bluechip Company. For more than 30-35 % a highly concentrated portfolio with small/mid/micro cap stocks are required.  Along with expectation of return risk of losing capital also increases.
In most cases common investor on higher side should be getting CAGR in the range of 25-35%. For getting 53% return as you have mentioned for Infosys, how many people could have got. I am sure majority of them would have sold after getting 4-5X return. So indicating this return is only theoretical and not practical for common investor.
So on similar lines if some one is looking for stock like Shilpi, CARE, V mart, Ratnamani Metal, KEC Engineering, Y brant digital etc. with same expectation people may be looking to Infosys in year 1993.
Happy investing and have a fun laden holidays with your family and well wishers.

When it decrease than now its on bottem  so therefor it will be increa...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

If you look at the advertisement given by rattan in et  he has stated ...Platinum Member
73 Followers
If you look at the advertisement given by Rattan in ET, he has stated clearly he has interest and investment on cement business, solar power, coal mining etc etc whic are not part of Rattanpindia power or rattan infra.Thease are people interested in growing themselves and not sharing wealth to the shareholders.Look at IBP share price and Rattan`s financial positions.It is said somewhere he has 3000cr investment in Indiabulls finance and Indiabulls seccrities.He has infused 360Cr in IBP and became director.Good to rethink about our investments in this counter.I am not asking investors to quit.

I have one nmdc future can i sell 140 call any adviceCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Govt. aims at 10 crore bank accountsNew Delhi, November 28, 2014
Updated: November 28, 2014 02:41 IST
Govt. aims at 10 crore bank accounts
Special Correspondent
economy (general)
Of the 7.64 crore bank accounts opened under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) so far, 5.74 crore have no deposits. A total of Rs. 6,015 crore is held in the remaining 1.9 crore accounts. Thus, the average deposit in each of these is Rs. 3165.78.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has raised the target for opening of PMJDY bank accounts by the next Republic Day to 10 crore, according to an official release issued here on Thursday.
The new target will amount to opening of one account for each household in the country. The target was originally set at 7.5 crore bank accounts.
The Finance Minister also asked the officers that Aadhar card numbers may be seeded with bank accounts so that the subsidies payments can be made into them through the Direct Benefit Transfer scheme, the release said.

Katrina Kaif parties with Imran Khan  wife Avantikaentertainment
Katrina Kaif parties with Imran Khan, his wife Avantika
Bollywood beauty Katrina Kaif made a rare appearance on Thursday night (November 27), as she stepped out to attend choreographer Bosco Martis’ birthday in Mumbai. Also seen, were  new parents on-the-block, Imran Khan and wife Avantika.
The actress was casual in a sleeveless top with ripped denims and gladiator sandals. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actor Imran Khan and wife Avantika pose for the cameras, smiling widely. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Katrina Kaif, who was last seen in ‘Bang Bang’, arrived with tight security, but minus beau Ranbir Kapoor. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
‘Tevar’ producer Sanjay Kapoor opted for a tee shirt-denim look with a fedora. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Imran and Avantika who became parents to a sweet baby girl in June, shared a joke in between poses. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Mini Mathur was pretty in a blue maxi dress with sandals and a metallic clutch. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Birthday boy Bosco Martis looks all set to party! (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

November gold imports seen rising on curbs hopesA. Ananthalakshmi and Meenakshi Sharma     Singapore/Mumbai   Last Updated: November 28, 2014  | 17:40 IST
India's gold imports could climb to around 100 tonnes for a third straight month in November as dealers buy heavily for fear of curbs on overseas purchases, especially as the wedding season picks up, traders said.
Local premiums have fallen to about $10 an ounce from $18 last week due to the speculation over curbs, they said.
Curbs on gold imports figured in a meeting of central bank and finance ministry officials this month as a way to rein in trade deficit, swelled by a jump in imports in September and October, to about 100 tonnes each month.
But officials wary of overreacting have not yet made a decision.
"The speculation around rules triggered panic buying and imports are going to be over 100 tonnes again this month," said a trader in Mumbai, adding that shipments could outstrip those in October.
October shipments to India, the world's No. 2 gold consumer after China, jumped to about 150 tonnes, from less than 25 tonnes a year earlier and 143 tonnes in September.
Curbs imposed last year remain in place, from a record import duty of 10 percent to a measure tying imports to exports.
Measures being considered would limit imports resumed by private trading firms around the middle of this year, following a block since July 2013, traders said.
November imports will be boosted by private traders, one trader said.
"Gold imports in November are going to be more than 100 tonnes, on higher purchases from private trading houses ahead of weddings," said a New Delhi-based trader.
The increase could add pressure for India to act. Tougher rules could fuel premiums, as the wedding season is likely to keep consumer demand strong.
"Gold demand is good, as prices are lower and premiums over the international market have also come down," said Narendra Singh, a dealer in Jaipur. "Gold purchases are likely to remain firm for the next two to three months due to weddings."
Gold ornaments form a key part of the dowry daughters traditionally receive from parents at Indian weddings.
Nearly 60 percent of gold demand comes from rural areas that depend on the monsoon, which was weak this year. However, lower gold prices have kept demand strong, traders say.
Elsewhere in Asia, Chinese buying was steady, with premiums holding up at $1 to $2 an ounce. Premiums slid to $1.10 from $1.40 in Hong Kong, and in Singapore, they fell to $1.20 from $1.50.
(Reuters)

Revealed: Why Rajkumar Hirani - Aamir Khan s new movie s name is  PKWritten by Sonal Gera | New Delhi |
Posted: November 28, 2014 5:34 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 9:39 am
If you’ve ever wondered about the mystery and reasons that might have gone into naming Rajkumar Hirani’s next movie with Aamir Khan as ‘PK’, here’s your answer:
In the video, one can see Aamir Khan, playing PK, telling Anushka Sharma, our very own Jagat Janani, as to why his name got christened ‘PK’ and what follows is simply hilarious. We don’t believe in explaining it to you, for it will simply kill the innocence of the first dialogue promo of the movie. Watch it to believe it.
The movie, which has created enough curiosity amongst the viewers till now, is sure to amass more following with this promo. Starring Aamir Khan, Anushka Sharma, Sanjay Dutt and Sushant Singh Rajput, ‘PK’ is slated to release on December 19.

Lumax Industries to invest Rs 300 crore to expand capacityUpdated: November 28, 2014 20:09 IST
Lumax Industries to invest Rs 300 crore to expand capacity
Special Correspondent
company information
Lumax Industries, a leading supplier of lighting products for the automobile industry, plans to invest around Rs 300 crore over the next five years to augment capacity.
The company makes products such as head lamps (4-wheeler and 2-wheeler), rear combination lamps, auxiliary lamps and sundry lamps for Indian as well as global brands like Hero MotoCorp, Honda Cars, HMSI, Maruti Suzuki, Mahindra and Tata Motors. It also exports to Audi, Nissan, JLR and John Deere.
A statement from the company said that it had invested around Rs 160 crore to substantially increase it manufacturing capacity and R&D capabilities at it Bawal and Bangalore facilties. It also has facilities at Gurgaon and Dharuhera in Haryana, Chinchwad and Chakan in Maharashtra and Haridwar and Pantnagar in Uttarakhand. ``Keeping in view the present order book, the proposed investment would be around Rs 300 crore in the next five years,’’ the statement said.
The company also launched its TPM (Total Productive Maintenance) drive in its Bawal, Dharuhera and Chakan plants. ``We believe that in future, TPM would be the route to service our customer successfully,’’ Deepak Jain, MD, Lumax Industries said in a statement.

Ball in RBI s court as Q2 growth slows to 5.3%Better-than-expected Q2 growth eases pressure off RBI to cut rates
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 29, 2014  | 10:39 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
On a day when stock markets continued their surge with the Sensex scaling a new peak of 28,693 and the Nifty shooting up to 8,588, growth in gross domestic product (GDP) turned out to be a better-than-expected at 5.3 per cent for the July-September quarter, data provided by Central Statistics Office showed on Friday.
Given the drop in growth rate, low oil prices and declining inflation, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is expected to reiterate his request that Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan cut interest rates when the bank holds it policy review on December 2, senior officials said.
"If it was a very, very low number, there would have been pressure on the (RBI) governor to act immediately. The better-than-expected overall GDP growth gives him that cushion to wait," said Upasna Bhardwaj, economist with ING Vysya Bank.
"Looking ahead, in order to steer economy, there is need for continuing with proactive policies which would help revive investment and address the bottlenecks plaguing the agriculture and industrial sectors," the Confederation of Indian Industry said.
GDP: Quarterly growth over the years
Growth in services and stronger-than-expected agriculture after a poor monsoon helped stem the slide in the manufacturing sector, which registered a negligible growth at 0.1 per cent during the second quarter down from 1.3 per cent a year ago. The slump in manufacturing dragged down the growth rate from the 30-month high of 5.7 per cent in the previous quarter. The farm sector managed to grow at 3.2 per cent.
The runaway fiscal deficit has raised cause for alarm as well. Data released by Controller General of Accounts on Friday showed that seven months into the financial year, fiscal deficit has already touched 89.6 per cent of its full-year target as tax income fell short. Jaitley may choose spending cuts to meet his deficit goal at the cost of further pressure on demand. During the same period of FY14, the deficit was at 84.4 per cent of the Budget Estimates (BE).
Fiscal deficit
GROSS NPAs OF PSU BANKS 5.33%
>> NPAs of public sector banks rose sharply to 5.33% of total advances in September mainly due to sluggishness in the economy and other factors, including delay in environmental clearances
>> Gross NPAs of state-run lenders stood at 4.72% of total advances at the end of March 2014
>> External factors like ban in mining projects and aggressive lending by banks in the past contributed as well
>> Net NPAs of PSBs at September-end rose to 3.14% from 2.74% in March 2014

Alia Bhatt  Sushant Singh Rajput to share screen space in Homi Adajania s nextWritten by Sonal Gera | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:16 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 11:56 am
If reports are to be believed, then the cinegoers can expect to see a fresh onscreen pair on the silver screen. It’s said that the ‘Highway’ actress Alia Bhatt can be soon seen sharing screen space with ‘Kai Po Che’ actor Sushant Singh Rajput.
The movie is touted to be a love story spanning across generations. So, one would see the young actors playing the perfect lovers set in two different eras. The movie will be helmed by Homi Adajania, whose latest venture ‘Finding Fanny’ fared quite well at the box office.
According to a report published in Filmfare, “Homi was looking for an unusual pair that could also deliver strong performances. And after mulling over it for some time, he and Dinesh (Vijan; producer) zeroed in on the two actors.”
The film is said to be Homi Adajania and Dinesh Vijan’s biggest movie in terms of budget. Likely to go on the floors mid-next year, the pre-production work of the movie has already started. The official announcement of the same is likely to be made soon.
Sushant is currently busy with the post production of his upcoming releases ‘PK’, where he plays an important role alongside Aamir Khan, Sanjay Dutt and Anushka Sharma and ‘Detective Byomkesh Bakshy’. He is also working for the Mahendra Singh Dhoni biopic and shooting for Shekhar Kapur’s ‘Paani’.
Alia, on the other hand, has just returned from Poland following her shoot schedule for Vikas Bahl’s ‘Shaandaar’ where she co-stars with Shahid Kapoor.

Jennifer Winget  Karan Singh Grover s marriage is overWritten by Sonal Gera | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:37 am
TV actress Jennifer Winget, who is soon going to make her Bollywood debut with Kunal Kohli’s next wherein he debuts as an actor, has confirmed that her marriage to actor Karan Singh Grover has hit choppy waters.
The couple, who tied the knot in April 2012, had reportedly been living separately since long.
According to a report published in Times Of India , the actress, who has been staying separately from Karan for the last few months, was hoping things would settle down and hence, maintained that everything was fine. A friend close to the couple goes onto reveal about the philandering ways of Karan Singh Grover and how he has always been commitment phobic.
The couple had worked together in Star One show ‘Dil Mill Gaye’.
This was Karan’s second marriage. His first marriage to TV actress Shraddha Nigam ended in 10 months. The actor is also soon going to make his Bollywood debut with Panorama Studios’ ‘Alone’ co-starring Bipasha Basu.

Finance Ministry hopeful of 5.4-5.9% growth this yearTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
The Finance Ministry expects the economy to record a growth rate of 5.4-5.9 per cent this year as it said 5.3 per cent second-quarter GDP expansion is on expected lines.
“The growth in the second quarter of the current financial year 2014-15 has been broadly on the expected lines,” it said in a statement, after the release of economic data for this period.
Economy grew at a rate of 5.7 per cent in April-June period.
Referring to the Economic Survey projection that the growth of GDP would be in the range of 5.4-5.9 per cent, the Ministry said: “In the first half of the year the growth has been 5.5 per cent, which is broadly in line with the projections as well as the expectations.”
The GDP expansion in the second quarter was pulled down, mainly by poor performance by agriculture and manufacturing sectors, which grew by 3.2 per cent and 0.1 per cent respectively.
The Finance Ministry said lower growth in agriculture was expected in view of lower than expected monsoon this year.
TAGS: Finance Ministry GDP
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Crude fall a boon for fisc: 4 questionsTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
<i>Following the decision of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to not go for a cut in crude oil production, the price of Brent crude which fell to under $72 a barrel on Thursday, reached its four-year low mark of $72.50 on Friday, fuelling a market rally. Sandeep Singh explains how the Indian economy stands to gain</i>
When did the crude correction start and why is it falling?
Between July 2013 and July 2014, Brent crude hovered in the range of $105 and $115 per barrel. However, beginning August, the prices started to soften and while it fell below the $100 per barrel mark in August, on November 27, 2014 it hit a 50-month low to trade below the $72 per barrel mark. A number of factors are behind the fall, the primary ones being: demand slowdown in Europe and China, increased shale oil production in the US, cutting down demand for OPEC crude, and the move by some OPEC members such as Kuwait and Iraq to offer deeper discounts.
Has the US significantly reduced its dependence on oil imports?
A JP Morgan report says that while the United States imported 60 per cent of its oil needs in 2005, it came down significantly in 2013 to 35 per cent of its total energy consumption.
What does crude price fall mean for India?
Every $1 per barrel decline in crude prices brings down the current account deficit by about $1 billion and a decline of close to $40 per barrel in Brent crude price over the last five months will be significant both for fiscal and current account deficit and growth in the economy. The dip in prices benefits the oil marketing companies significantly in terms of their under-recoveries. In May 2014 when Brent hovered around $110 per barrel the daily under-recoveries of OMCs stood at Rs 318 crore. With the decline in global prices, this came down to Rs 188 crore for the first half of November 2014 even after the companies reduced the retail fuel prices. A dip in domestic fuel prices impacts the WPI inflation as it has a weightage of 9.3 per cent to the index. Fuel price inflation which hovered above 10 per cent till June 2014, started slipping since then and it stood at zero for the month of October. This will also act as a factor for the Reserve Bank of India in taking a call on interest rate cut in its forthcoming monetary policy review on December 2.
What will happen if oil falls below $70 per barrel?
Oil at $70 per barrel may provide the much needed comfort to the Centre when it is looking to meet the fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent for 2014-15. Savings from lower crude oil prices will bring down the fuel subsidy bill for the government. Experts feel that it would also provide government to push for productive expenditure next year which may push growth in the economy. The Union Budget had allocated Rs 63,427 crore as fuel subsidy in 2014-15 (taking crude oil price at $110 per barrel and the rupee at 61 against the dollar for calculating the Budget Estimates). The trend in oil prices shows that any shortfall on revenue side at the end of the fiscal may be met through savings on oil subsidy front.
TAGS: Crude Oil
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Bengaluru grads create an unique automated s...The disorder damages the motor control centres of the brain, restricts body movement and renders little kids incapable of performing mundane tasks.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BENGALURU: Children afflicted with cerebral palsy often skip school, not because they don't want to study but because lunch time becomes an embarrassing affair for them. The neurological disorder damages the motor control centres of the brain, restricts body movement and renders little kids incapable of performing mundane tasks like eating food and wearing clothes.
Rashida Taskin, 19, saw the plight of her two elder brothers every day as they suffered from this condition and was inspired to come up with Spoonful, a solution that helps cerebral palsy patients eat with dignity. With her team of four graduates, she developed an automated spoon that picks up a morsel of food from the table and feeds it to the patient.
At a recent conference, Taskin asked people to pry out a mobile phone from their pockets while their hands were locked behind their backs. "Now try and imagine this feeling for the rest of your lives," said the bio-medical engineer, who is currently pursuing her third year of engineering at Manipal Institute of Technology.
Her team developed a first prototype in three-and-a-half weeks for Rs 1,000. The final version is expected to cost less than Rs 3,000 - which is just a fraction of the price charged by global players Meal Buddy and Winsford Feeder .
Spoonful had mentors from MIT, courtesy the program that they were a part of. They were serial entrepreneur Kiran Ratnapu, recent MIT graduates Parag Vijay and Ranna Zhou, and Anirudh Sharma, who started LeChal, that makes haptic shoes for the blind.
The team got access to these mentors through MIT Media's Global Startup Labs programme which promotes development in emerging regions by cultivating young technology entrepreneurs.
"I think they're a strong team with a diverse background led by a passionate advocate," said Zhou, a recent graduate of MIT, who is currently working as an associate product manager at Google.
The project was selected in the final top 10 start-ups at IIM Bangalore's event called Disrupt It in August.
Taskin's solution comes at a time when Google has also forayed into assisted technology with a smart spoon - a device which helps those afflicted with Parkinson's disease eat with minimum hassles. In September, Google entered the biotech arena with the acquisition of Lift Labs for an undisclosed sum.
The product Liftware Spoon uses algorithms to sense how a hand is shaking and makes adjustments to keep the spoon steady. The spoon is said to have reduced shaking of the spoon bowl by 76% on average. Lift Labs was founded by an Indian American entrepreneur Anupam Pathak.
So how does Spoonful compare with Google's smart spoon? For starters, Google's smart spoon is much more advanced as it has electronics embedded within it. Taskin's solution is external to the spoon and the team has experimented with spoons that are 3D printed, plastic and steel ones as well.
"I love their (Google's) idea. But unlike Google, we want to make this generic solution, not aimed at a specific condition," said Taskin. She hopes the solution will be available across hospitals, and may even be used in luxury hotels for those too lazy to lift their finger.
Existing solutions come with a board attached, but Taskin wants to make it portable and compact. While the initial prototype weighed a bulky 600 grams, the final prototype is expected to be small enough to fit into a tiffin box.
Zhou of Google added, "With a lot of great industry collaboration, extensive field testing, and quick iterations, I think that Spoonful will be able to spearhead a renewed interest and increasing innovation in affordable assistive technology."
The team is yet to figure out a way to handle the diverse kinds of food Indians eat - from a roti to rice to noodles. "We are currently looking for angel funding to build the next prototype," said Taskin.

Delhi: Robbers pull off Rs 1 crore heist  kill ATM securityguardWritten by Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:11 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 3:33 am
In a span of just 20 seconds, two bike-borne assailants gunned down the guard of a security service agency, robbed Rs 1.5 crore from the men who were loading cash into ATMs and fled the spot. The incident was reported from an ATM kiosk on Bungalow Road in North Delhi’s Roop Nagar around 11 am on Saturday.
Police said the guard, Satinder Singh, from Manipur in Uttar Pradesh, sustained two bullet wounds in his head and died on Saturday evening.
1,2Footage taken by an onlooker shows his accomplice waiting on a motorbike
According to police, the cash van of Scientific Security Management System (SSMS), a cash replenishment firm, reached Bungalow Road around 11 am to load cash into two ATMs  —one each of Citibank and Kotak Mahindra. The two loaders and a security guard got down from the van — one supervisor and the driver remained inside.
The loaders took out two cash bags and went inside the Citibank ATM, while the guard stood outside with a rifle. Before the men could load the money, two men wearing helmets stopped their motorbike next to the ATM, whipped out a pistol and shot the guard at point-blank range. One of the men then went inside the ATM, snatched the two bags from the loaders, fired a shot in the air, sat on the bike and raced off, police said.
3The man puts the cash bags on the bike and the two speed away towards Hansraj Hostel
Vinod, a security guard who works at one of the showrooms in the market, said, “Everything happened within seconds. I heard a loud noise and thought there was an explosion inside the ATM. When I rushed there, I saw the guard lying in a pool of blood and the loaders shouting for help. The loaders could not see the assailant’s face as he was wearing a helmet. The one driving the motorbike — he too had a helmet on — was very quick. As soon as his associate got on, he raced off.”
The Roop Nagar police station is just 300 metres away from the ATM. There is also a police picket a 100 metres away from the spot. Two policemen were stationed here.  “After committing the heist, the assailants fired in the air and took off towards Hansraj Hostel. The policemen stationed at the picket chased them till the men took a right towards Civil Lines and disappeared,” an officer said.

HPCL and BPCL to be standout performers in OMC space  says expertBank Nifty
(Friday’s close is quite…)
In an interview with ET Now, Sahil Kapoor, Chief Technical Analyst, Edelweiss Securities, shares his views on the markets and some stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: What do you make of Friday's close? Do you think the grand finale is in place or Friday's price action certainly paves way for another 200-300-point rally for the Nifty?
Sahil Kapoor: Friday's close is quite significant and it is a very strong close. Generally if you look at historical correlations, a stronger Friday in general leads to a stronger opening on Mondays.
ET Now: Let's get back on the OMC discussion. Where do you see stocks like HP, BP and IOC head from the current levels considering the kind of breakout rally they have had in Friday's session?
Sahil Kapoor: Specifically, HPCL is a chart which stands out. Largely, we are seeing a breakout which is a breakout of about 10 years. It had a high of about 550 three-four times in 2004-2008-2009 and now it has broken out of those highs. So, the rally will be a bigger one compared to what we have seen up until now.
Targets of 750-770 in the medium term cannot be ruled out on HPCL, but having said that, this rally has been led by BPCL in terms of percentage. If you were to do a comparison, this year BPCL is one of the best performing stocks in the Nifty. Up untilThursday's session, it was up about 106% during the year. So again, these two stocks are going to be the standout performers and the rally will be much stronger compared to what we have seen up until now.
ET Now: Within the financial space minus PSU banks, what do you like the most?
Sahil Kapoor: Largely, we have been quite bullish on Bank Nifty for the last two-three months, but now, it is approaching an area where it has begun to look a little overbought and that overbought position is in the private banking space and PSU banks per se may outperform them.
For performance in banking, you would have to look at PSU banks and right now, the space that you should look at is large caps. PNB and BOB are the two stocks which have excellent charts. PNB per se has given an excellent breakout the day before yesterday and yesterday's expiry again had very strong volumes and a breakout. So I expect PNB to have another 8% to 10% rise from the current levels and on the second stock, I would prefer to buy Bank of Baroda . Again, I see another 8% to 10% rally.
ET Now: Coming on tyre and some paint companies, they were also on tear on Friday. If crude is down, operating profit margins for both these groups will certainly go up.
Sahil Kapoor: Largely if you look at most of the paint stocks, the chart which was clearly a breakout story was Asian Paints. At 690-688, it had an excellent place to go higher. We are right now seeing a very similar chart pattern in AkzoNobel, which is a cash counter, but the rally can be very swift in that and most of these counters will continue to see a very strong momentum because the inter-market correlations have set in their favour and the same benefit could actually go to some tyre companies as well.
You will have similar chart patterns in the tyre space also. For example, Ceat. I would be focussed more on these companies in the midcap space which have much more room to run. Today's rally and yesterday's rally was largely a large cap phenomena and the midcap space is still to catch up. So you will have rallies in the space in the coming few days.
ET Now: The oil cool-off has also benefited the aviation plays, the likes of SpiceJet, Jet Airways. Do you think this is a knee-jerk reaction or is there a trade in these names?
Sahil Kapoor: Largely in the aviation space, I see that the reaction will be a little muted compared to the earlier spaces that we have talked about because in these stocks, the momentum and volumes indicators are not as significantly favouring these stocks. So you may have some bounce backs and a rally which will be short-lived, but a larger trade mostly will not be present in this space. So I would not recommend any medium term play in the aviation space for the trading bet on the oil crash.
ET Now: I want to talk about the secret Santa picks. I know it is a little early, but just want to talk about what the top ideas are from the metals space that you may have.
Sahil Kapoor: Historically what we have seen is that the BSE metal index has a very clear run in the month of December. If you were to look at the seasonal data in the last 10 years, only 2011 was an off year where the metal index was down and we feel that there is an opportunity where in the month of December, you will be able to see a strong rally in all the metal stocks and we have singled out about three stocks, which are Tata Steel , Sesa Sterlite and JSW Steel.
We feel that a rally of about 7.5% to 8% could materialise in the BSE metal space and these stocks can outperform the BSE metal index. It will be largely driven by the domestic rally as well as international cues. If you could plot a ratio of the metal index with US long term bonds, you will clearly see a very strong area of support and if the hypothesis of this rally is being cyclical in nature, it should favour cyclicals to a very large extent and this is the space where you have a sweet trade in the offering. So I expect these stocks to move 10% from the current levels and reach higher levels in the month of December.
FEATURED ARTICLES

OPEC move a windfall for OMCs and auto cosYou are here: Home > Collections > Opec
OPEC move to hold output augurs well for Indian economy
Ashutosh R Shyam, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 12.03PM IST
Tags:
BPCL
(With OPEC, a group of 12 oil…)
With OPEC , a group of 12 oil producing nations, deciding to refrain from lowering output, crude oil prices have crashed 40% from June 2014 levels.
The move augurs well for the Indian economy as it imports nearly 80% of its crude. It's also expected to improve profitability of companies which use crude oil or its derivatives as their raw materials.
According to a Nomura broker, with every $10/bbl decline in oil prices, India's GDP will edge up 0.1% and lower the wholesale price index by 0.5%. It will also reduce the fiscal deficit by 0.1% and the current account deficit by 0.5% of GDP.
Profitability of oil-marketing companies like HPCL , BPCL and IOC will improve as dependence on subsidy will be less. This will bring down working capital loans and also better marketing margins of these companies.
Auto companies, too, stand to benefit. Historically, lower cost of vehicle ownership leads to higher volume growth. The Street is betting that Maruti Suzuki is best placed to reap the benefit of a lower fuel price.
Lubricant makers like Castrol India, Gulf Oil, Savita and Apar Industries will gain as raw material cost accounts for nearly 60-65% of sales and is linked to crude oil prices. But since lube is mostly a retail item, a drop in raw material costs is often not passed on to consumers.
Similarly, paints companies, where crude oil and its derivatives constitute about 30-40% of their total raw material costs, will reap dividends.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Attack in western China kills 15  injures14By: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: November 29, 2014 4:04 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 6:42 pm
An attack in China’s troubled western Xinjiang region left 15 people dead and 14 injured, state media reported Saturday, the latest in a wave of ethnic violence there that has claimed dozens of lives over the past year.
The official Xinhua News Agency said the attack took place at a “food street” on Friday in Shache county, the same region where an attack in July left 96 people dead, including 59 assailants.
The Tianshan news portal said the assailants in Friday’s attack wielded explosives, knives and at least one vehicle. Xinhua reported that 11 of the 15 people killed were assailants.
Xinjiang has been the site of repeated violence over the past year as members of the Muslim Uighur (WEE-gur) minority group have bristled under what they say is repressive Chinese government rule.

LWE violence down  but fresh strategy still required: IBchiefWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:57 pm
Even as the number of killings by Left-Wing extremist groups has gone down in the recent months especially because of shrinkage of their areas of operation, but despite that the security forces need to draw up a fresh strategy to tackle them more effectively, Intelligence Bureau chief Syed Asif Ibrahim said in Guwahati on Saturday.
Speaking at the inaugural function of the 49th All India Conference of DGPs and IGPs in Guwahati on Saturday, Ibrahim said increasing desertions, shortage of arms and ammunition and a crisis of leadership have together contributed to reduction of Maoist activities across the country.
“Of the 39 central committee members the CPI(Maoist) had in 2004, only 20 are around now. Moreover, there has been a shrinkage of their area of operation, while there has been a decline in the number of killings by these groups. But despite that we cannot afford to remain complacent and have to draw up a fresh strategy,” the IB chief said.
The IB director identified giving a bigger role to the state police forces as a key component in tackling Left-Wing extremism, one that was later endorsed by union home minister Rajnath Singh in his inaugural speech in the function.
“There should be better coordination between paramilitary forces and the state police forces in tackling the Maoists. It is also very important who is holding leadership in operations against them. In states affected by Left-Wing extremism, I would suggest the leadership be taken by the state police. The DMs and SPs should lead the operations,” the home minister said.
The union home minister reiterated that the government was ready to talk to the Maoists, but not until they gave up violence. “We are ready to talk, but cannot allow any violence to occur,” he said.

Northeast conflicts have socio-economic roots  says Union Home Minister RajnathSinghWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:52 pm
Most conflicts in the Northeastern region have socio-economic reasons behind them and these (reasons) have been there since even before independence, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Saturday. Intelligence Bureau director Syed Asif Ibrahim on the other hand said the Northeast situation was “fragile” despite several groups talking peace with the government.
Addressing the inaugural function of the 49th All India Conference of DGS and IGPs – held for the first time outside the national capital – here Saturday, Singh said these socio-economic disparities have existed due to lack of development including that of infrastructure in the region.
“The level of development including infrastructure development has not been as satisfactory as it should have been. Some conflicts have roots in these socio-economic reasons. This is a matter of concern. It is not an exaggeration that these disparities have existed since even before independence,” Singh said.
He also expressed concern over incidents of violence carried out by various groups in the region despite peace talks, ceasefire and suspension of operation by several of these groups. “The government of India has been talking to some groups while some others are either in ceasefire or have declared suspension of violence on their own. But despite that, extortion and other incidents have been on,” Singh said.
Pointing out that holding the All India Conference of DGPs and IGPs outside India was a major decision taken by the government, the home minister also said that holding the first such conference in Guwahati was at the initiative of prime minister Narendra Modi himself. “It is at the prime minister’s suggestion that we are holding this important conference in the Northeast,” he added.
Earlier, giving an overview of the situation, Intelligence Bureau director Syed Asif Ibrahim said the security scenario in the Northeastern region continued to be fragile due to violent activities carried out by groups that are still outside the process of peace talks with the government.
“The situation in the Northeast continues to be fragile because of violent acts carried out by groups that are still outside the dialogue process with the government,” Ibrahim said. Giving a state-wise break-up he said that while the Songbijit faction of NDFB was responsible for 85 per cent of the casualties in Assam, the GNLA was responsible for over 75 per cent casualties in Meghalaya.
“In Nagaland, internecine clashes for area dominance and extortion have remained a cause of worry, while two Naga outfits are engaged in a turf-war in Tirap, Changlang and Longding districts of Arunachal Pradesh. In Manipur on the other hand, Meitei underground groups are responsible for over 55 per cent casualties,” Ibrahim said.

Pakistan right-wing politician shot dead bygunmenBy: Press Trust of India | Karachi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:50 pm
A senior politician was on Saturday killed in an early morning shooting in Pakistan’s southern Sindh province. Khalid Mehmood Soomro, senior leader of the Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam Fazl (JUI-F), was leaving a mosque in Sukkur after morning prayers when he was targeted by unknown gunmen.
JUI-F chief Maulana Fazlur Rehman told media that Soomro was the victim of a terrorist attack. “The government should order immediate action to arrest the attackers,” Fazl said.
Soomro hailed from Larkana district of Sindh and was also the  secretary general of the Sindh branch of the party. He was a key leader and also elected as a senator from his party and served in the parliament from 2006-2012. He is survived by his wife, six sons and three daughters.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif condemned the killing and asked the provincial government to arrest the culprits.

The tongue in cheek review of UngliNew Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:48 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 4:36 pm
Ungli is a film about four friends trying to change India; sadly, the comedy in the film ends in that statement. The movie has too much happening and, ultimately, you lose the plot. We watched Ungli, and ended up with all five fingers covering our face!
As usual, our Express LOL reporter attended the red carpet premiere of the film, and ran into Sanjay Dutt first.
Our reporter’s next guest was another man who has tried to change India: Aamir Khan.
Finally, he ran into Bruce Wayne in a dark corner, and picked his brain on what it meant to be a vigilante.

I am excited to work with Tabu: Manoj Bajpayeearts, culture and entertainment
Manoj Vajpayee praises Tabu and calls her a wonderful actress.
Actor Manoj Bajpayee says he is looking forward to working with Tabu in his upcoming film and calls her a “wonderful actress.”
“I will start shooting with her in my next which will be co-produced by me. I am thrilled about this project. I can’t reveal the plot of the film but it’s an out and out thriller film,” he added.
The yet-to-be titled film will be directed by debutant Mukul Abhyankar. The film will be co-produced by Neeraj Pandey.
Meanwhile, Manoj is busy promoting his next film “Tevar,” produced by Boney Kapoor, and says he has lot of expectation from this film.
“I have a grey shade in ‘Tevar’ and I have enjoyed the role. I have worked with Boney before in ‘Bewafa’ which didn’t work well at the box office but I am expecting a lot from this film,” he said.
“The kind of films I am doing lately is great. This is the best phase now and I am getting more active about my films,” he added.
“Tevar” features Arjun Kapoor and Sonakshi Sinha in the lead.

Islamic State recruit sent to NIA custody till December 8Updated: November 30, 2014 12:21 IST
Case against all four ‘IS recruits’
Rashmi Rajput
A special NIA court on Saturday remanded alleged Islamic State ‘recruit’ Aarif Majeed (in picture) in the probe agency’s custody till December 8. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
The NIA tells court that they want to unearth the entire conspiracy from Aarif Majeed’s ‘recruitment’ to the role played by him in the ‘war’ (for an Islamic state).
All four youths who left for Iraq in May allegedly to fight alongside the militant organisation Islamic State have been booked under Section 125 of the IPC (waging war with an Asian ally) and Sections 16, 18 and 20 of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA). One of them, Aarif Majeed, was brought back here on Friday and was arrested. He has been remanded in police custody till December 8.
The National Investigation Agency told the court on Saturday that the three still abroad were “wanted accused” in the case. The three are reportedly holed up in southern Iraq. This means if they return, they too would be arrested.
The IPC section attracts a maximum punishment of life term and Section 18 of the UAPA, five years of imprisonment or life term.
“The four transpired to commit a terrorist act and wanted to go to Iraq to join the IS. Their association was unlawful and they were promoting terror activities,” Public Prosecutor Geeta Godambe told the special NIA court in Mumbai on Friday.
The agency told the court that the youth travelled to Iraq to join the terroriss group. It said they underwent basic training for 15 days and later a more sophisticated training for handling of firearms and assault weapons such as AK-47.
“Aarif participated in terror activities in Iraq and Syria and had also sustained two bullet injuries,” Ms. Godambe added.
While the intelligence agencies so far were not certain that the youth had indeed joined the terror outfit, their families had vehemently denied their children being part of any terror activities.
Aarif, Fahad Shaikh, Amaan Tandel and Saheem Tanki hail from Kalyan district in Thane on the outskirts of Mumbai.
On May 25, they left along with 40 others by an Etihad flight to Baghdad on a pilgrimage. On May 31, they took a taxi to Mosul. Since then, they had been missing and are believed to have joined the militant group.
On August 26, Saheem called up his brother informing him about Aarif’s death in a recent bombing.
But Aarif’s father recently received a call from his son saying he was alive and safe and currently hiding in Turkey and expressed his desire to return.
‘IS recruit’ to undergo tests
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) plans to subject Aarif Majeed, who returned home on Friday after leaving with three other young men for Iraq in May allegedly to fight alongside the militant organisation Islamic State, to scientific tests, The Hindu has learnt.
The agency arrested him on terror charges upon his return from Turkey on Friday.
Sources in the agency told The Hindu that the move was to ascertain the claims made by Aarif as he appeared to be “highly indoctrinated” and was not cooperating in the probe.
“He is inconsistent in his statements and we need some concrete leads. For instance, we need to find out if there was any local hand that radicalised them and facilitated their travel to Iraq. We have, therefore, decided to subject him to various tests, including narco-analysis and lie detector,” a source said.

Why the Supreme Court should be the biggest issue of the 2016 campaignComments
By Paul Waldman November 28
Supreme Court justice and pop culture icon Ruth Bader Ginsburg left the hospital yesterday after having a heart stent implanted and expects to be back at work Monday. Despite various health issues over the years, Ginsburg insists that she is still of sound body at age 81 (her mind isn’t in question) and has no plans to retire before the end of President Obama’s term to ensure a Democratic replacement. If she keeps to that pledge, and presuming there are no other retirements in the next two years, the makeup of the Supreme Court could be a bigger campaign issue in 2016 than ever before. It certainly ought to be.
Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg (Tim Sloan/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
Ordinarily, the Supreme Court is brought up almost as an afterthought in presidential campaigns. The potential for a swing in the court is used to motivate activists to volunteer and work hard, and the candidates usually have to answer a debate question or two about it, which they do in utterly predictable ways (“I’m just going to look for the best person for the job”). We don’t usually spend a great deal of time talking about what a change in the court is likely to mean. But the next president is highly likely to have the chance to engineer a swing in the court. The consequences for Americans’ lives will probably be more consequential and far-reaching than any other issue the candidates will be arguing about.
As much as we’ve debated Supreme Court cases in recent years, we haven’t given much attention to the idea of a shift in the court’s ideology because for so long the court has been essentially the same: divided 5-4, with conservatives having the advantage yet liberals winning the occasional significant victory when a swing justice moves to their side. And though a couple of recent confirmations have sparked controversy (Samuel Alito and Sonia Sotomayor were both the target of failed attempts to derail their nominations), all of the retirements in the last three presidencies were of justices from the same general ideology as the sitting president. The last time a new justice was radically different from the outgoing one was when Clarence Thomas replaced Thurgood Marshall — 23 years ago.
Whether a Democrat or a Republican wins in 2016, he or she may well have the chance to shift the court’s ideological balance. Ginsburg is the oldest justice at 81; Antonin Scalia and Anthony Kennedy are both 78, and Stephen Breyer is 76. If the right person is elected and the right justice retires, it could be an earthquake.
Consider this scenario: Hillary Clinton becomes president in 2017, and sometime later one of the conservative justices retires. Now there would be a liberal majority on the court, a complete transformation in its balance. A court that now consistently favors those with power, whether corporations or the government, would become much more likely to rule in favor of workers, criminal defendants and those with civil rights claims. Or alternately: The Republican nominee wins, and one of the liberal justices retires. With conservatives in control not by 5-4 but 6-3, there would be a cascade of even more conservative decisions. The overturning of Roe v. Wade would be just the beginning.
Look at what the Supreme Court has done recently. It gutted the Voting Rights Act, said that corporations could have religious beliefs, simultaneously upheld and hobbled the Affordable Care Act, struck down a key part of the Defense of Marriage Act and moved toward legalizing same-sex marriage, all but outlawed affirmative action, gave corporations and wealthy individuals the ability to dominate elections and created an individual right to own guns — and that’s just in the last few years.
Whether you’re a Democrat or a Republican, there is probably no single issue you ought to be more concerned about in the 2016 campaign than what the court will look like after the next president gets the opportunity to make an appointment or two. The implications are enormous. It’s not too early to start considering them.

DD anchor s "Governor of India" video goes viralAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
After a clip featuring portions of a “clueless” live presentation by a Doordarshan anchor on the inauguration day of International Film Festival of India (IFFI) went viral on social media, Prasar Bharati has deputed a senior officer to look into the matter.
The Doordarshan anchor is also seen introducing the Governor of Goa Mridula Sinha as the “Governor of India” in the clip posted on Youtube. The clip attracted much criticism for Doordarshan on social media.
A senior official said the presentation by the anchor on DD National channel, in which she talks to a number of people arriving for the film festival in Goa, was carried live on November 20, the opening day of IFFI.
“Subsequently, an edited clip of nearly four minutes duration was posted by someone on the Youtube which went viral. A senior ADG rank official of All India Radio has been asked to look into the matter,” a senior official said.
The official added it appeared that the anchor, a casual employee, has not been thoroughly prepared to carry out the live presentation and at moments appeared “clueless”.
When contacted, Prasar Bharati CEO Jawhar Sircar said the public broadcaster was looking into the matter and “gaffes” cannot be allowed to go on.
He, however, added that with 18,000 vacancies in regular posts and no regular recruitment in the last 20 years the Station Directors had to take all types of casual employees and not all are skilled enough.
“But whenever we talk of skill tests, there is uproar among casuals. We’ll push it or face gaffe after gaffe. With the supervisory programme cadre almost dead (180 vacancies out of 191), who will check the gaffes?,” Sircar said. He added that “with the new set-up quite resolute, we hope to execute improvements”.
Doordarshan had been in news for the past also for embarassing goof-ups including one in which an anchor on DD News mistook the name of visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping for Roman numeral and pronounced it as eleven.
In another instance, a visual of former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was put on air before a news segment carrying news related to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s US visit.
TAGS: Doordarshan Mridula Sinha
More from miscellaneous

Narendra Modi promised jobs but gave brooms: Rahul GandhiAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
Rahul Gandhi yesterday took a swipe at Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’, saying he had promised employment to people, but instead handed them broomsticks.
“Modi had said (in his Lok Sabha campaign) I will alone generate employment… I will alone build factories, roads and airports. But after forming government, he said you people take the broom, I am going to Australia,” Gandhi told an election meeting here in West Singhbhum district.
Describing Modi as the “Prime Minister of ten industrialists” without elaborating, Gandhi said, “We want a development-oriented government rather than a government of moppers.”
The Congress intended to empower people with laws like RTI, MGNREGA and Land Acquisition Act, he said and expressed apprehension on the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government’s intention to change it to benefit the capitalists.
Asking the people whether Modi could set up factories, roads and airports ‘alone’, he said Modi wanted to grab power and run the country without taking along the masses.
“The difference between Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is that we want to take along people from all sections of the society, while he (Modi) is trying to grab power and govern on his own,” Gandhi said.
The AICC vice-president also claimed it was the Congress which always worked in the interest of tribal population.
Earlier, he interacted with party workers at the airport in Jamshedpur.
Gandhi gave party workers a patient hearing and met Jamshedpur West sitting MLA and party candidate Banna Gupta who is also the Jharkhand Agriculture Minister.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Rahul Gandhi
More from miscellaneous

Bhartiya Mahila Bank eyeing Rs 1 000-cr deposit base by March-endBhartiya Mahila Bank eyeing Rs 1,000-cr deposit base by March-end
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 29:  
Bhartiya Mahila Bank (BMB), the country’s first all-women bank, today said that it is targeting a deposit base of Rs 1,000 crore and advances of Rs 800 crore by March-end this fiscal.
At present, the bank’s deposit base stands at over Rs 300 crore and loans at Rs 500 crore.
“As of today, our total business is at Rs 825 crore. For this year, we are aiming advances of Rs 800 crore and deposits at Rs 1,000 crore,” BMB Chairman & Managing Director Usha Ananthasubramanian told reporters today after inaugurating its 35th branch here.
The branch, which was opened in Ghatkopar, Mumbai, is the third in Maharashtra. The bank would shortly open branches in Nagpur, Pune and Haridwar.
BMB is looking to increase its branch network to 80 by March 2015, which will also include 20 rural branches.
Ananthasubramanian said the bank’s focus would be on opening branches in tier II and tier III cities.
“We are also planning to roll out 50 offsite ATMs across the country by the end of this year,” she said.
The country’s first all-women bank was launched in November last year and is wholly owned by the government which had initially infused Rs 1,000 crore in it.
Ananthasubramanian said the bank does not plan to raise any fund as the capital which it received from the government is sufficient to take care of its business currently.
Total employee strength of the bank is 300 and it will add another 120 by the end of this fiscal. It has one lakh customers, out of which 81 per cent are women.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

State actors in Pakistan trying to destabilise India: Rajnath SinghAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
Blaming “state actors” in Pakistan for making attempts to destabilise India, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said the neighbouring country has not abandoned its efforts to harm the country through “various tactics”.
The Home Minister, while addressing the country’s top police brass, spoke on various issues including threats from terror groups like Al-Qaeda and said the country was geared up to face such challenges.
Inaugurating the annual conference of police chiefs, the Home Minister said Pakistan continues to take the alibi of “non-state actors” being involved in subversive activities in India.
“If non-state actors are involved in terrorist acts in India, then is ISI a non-state actor? It is the state actors who have a role in trying to destabilising our country. Pakistan has not abandoned its efforts to harm India through various tactics,” he said.
During the conference, being held outside Delhi for the first time, Singh talked about the vanishing support to terror groups in Jammu and Kashmir and said Pakistan was still supporting such networks.
The recent heavy turnout during the first phase of polls in the state and attendance of people in political rallies was enough an indication for terror groups about the ground realities in the state, he said at the conference which has been organised by the Intelligence Bureau.
The meeting attended by DGPs and IGPs of all states, union territories and chief of paramilitary forces would be addressed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi tomorrow.
Describing as a threat to the nation Al Qaida’s declaration to form a wing — Qaeda-ul-Jeh — for the Indian sub-continent, Singh said the global terror group’s intention was to bring Bangladesh, Assam, Gujarat, Jammu and Kashmir and some other parts of the country under its grip which the country would not allow to happen.
“Although this terror group was born out of Syria and Iraq, the Indian sub-continent cannot remain untouched by this menace and we need to understand this. It is also a matter of concern that some Indian youths have been attracted to ISIS. We cannot take it lightly. We take it as a challenge” he said.
Referring to the October 2 blast in Burdwan in West Bengal where Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) was allegedly involved, the Home Minister said the incident had reflected that many foreign forces were misusing India’s soil for their nefarious design.
“We have to check all these forces with our might,” he said.
The Home Minister talked about the failed attempt by the South Asia wing of the Al Qaeda to hijack a frigate of the Pakistan Navy and said the terror group was planning to target American and Indian Naval ships through the Pakistan Naval vessel if they could hijack it.
“What is of more concern for us is that some of the Pakistan Navy personnel were also involved in it. We should prepare ourselves to meet this challenge and I am sure victory will be ours,” he said.
Singh said many foreign terrorist groups think that since a large number of Muslims live in India, they can recruit many of them in their fold and fight for creation of an Islamic country.
“But Indian Muslims are patriotic and they have been fighting for the protection of their mother land since Independence. Indian Muslims are always ready to fight for the security and sovereignty of the country. And that is why such terrorist groups will not succeed,” he said.
The Home Minister said though terror groups were carrying out attacks in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iran, Syria or Libya, there evil designs will never get fulfilled in India.
Talking about the September floods in Jammu and Kashmir, Singh said relief and rehabilitation work has to be completed quickly as otherwise “some terror groups may be able to lure some youths into their fold”.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Rajnath Singh
More from miscellaneous

Huhtamaki PPL to raise Rs 550 crHuhtamaki PPL to raise Rs 550 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 29:  
Huhtamaki PPL Ltd said that its board of directors has authorised the issue of non-convertible debentures aggregating up to Rs 550 crore on private placement basis to Huhtalux S.a r.l. in one or more tranches.
The issue is subject to the approval of members at the extra-ordinary general meeting on December 21 and other statutory clearances, the company informed the BSE.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Seven injured in grenade explosion at Lal ChowkAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
At least seven persons were injured in a grenade explosion triggered by suspected militants at the busy Lal Chowk in the heart of the city this afternoon, police said.
Unidentified militants hurled a grenade towards security personnel outside the defunct Palladium Cinema but the device fell short of the target and exploded on the roadside, they said.
Seven persons were injured in the blast which sparked off panic in the business hub.
The injured were rushed to SMHS hospital, the police said adding, the area has been cordoned off and a hunt has been launched to nab the militants involved in the attack.
No militant outfit has so far claimed responsibility for the explosion.
TAGS: Jammu And Kashmir
More from miscellaneous

P V Sindhu on course to defend her Macau Open title  reachesfinalsBy: Press Trust of India | Macau |
Posted: November 29, 2014 4:13 pm
Defending champion P V Sindhu notched up a comfortable straight-game win in women’s singles to enter the final but young shuttler H S Prannoy lost despite a valiant fight in the men’s singles semifinal of the Macau Grand Prix Gold in Macau on Saturday.
The two-time World Championship bronze-medallist, Sindhu, held an all-win 4-0 record against Busanan Ongbumrungpan of Thailand before coming into the match and the Indian kept her record intact by registering her fifth win.
The second-seeded Indian prevailed over Busanan, seeded eighth, 21-14 21-15 in a 42-minute match at the Tap Seac Multisport Pavilion.
Prannoy, on the other hand, waged a fierce battle but still failed to breach the defence of Wing Ki Wong of Hong Kong, who prevailed 21-16 16-21 21-12 in the match that lasted an hour.
In the women’s singles match, Busanan moved into an early 5-2 lead but she couldn’t keep the pressure on Sindhu and the Indian turned the tables, reaching 13-9 and didn’t allow the Thai girl to claw back to pocket the first game.
In the second game, Sindhu zoomed to 5-1 initially.
Busanan drew parity at 8-8 and 12-12 but once again she was not consistent enough to bother Sindhu.
The duo played aggressive rallies and Busan played some extraordinary shots but it was mostly followed by miscued hits which allowed Sindhu to keep her lead.Leading 19-15, Sindhu changed the pace of the rallies as
Leading 19-15, Sindhu changed the pace of the rallies as Busanan hit the shuttle out and then found the net to hand over the match and the final place to the Indian.
In the men’s singles semifinals, Wong, who had beaten world champion Chen Long at China Open early this month, rode on his better court coverage and strong defence to tame the Indian, not to mention the poor line calls.
In the first game, Prannoy showed agility to lead early on but Wong came back to draw parity at 5-5. The Indian then made some errors errors allowing Wong to go into the breather 11-7 ahead.
Prannoy tried to return everything that was thrown at him and his follow-ups earned him points and he led 13-11 at one point. But the Indian once again struggled with his judgement of shuttle’s length as Wong led 17-14.
Two successive shots at the net by Prannoy and the score read 19-14 in Wong’s favour. Wong played patiently, forcing the Indian to commit errors and the ploy worked as Prannoy hit wide twice to hand over the first game to Wong.
In the second game, Prannoy brought out his accurate down the line smashes and angled strokes to lead 11-7 at the interval.
After the break, the Indian continued continued…

Vodafone  Airtel face highest penalty for rules violationsVodafone  Airtel face highest penalty for rules violations
Walmart Employees Protest For Wage Increment and Working Conditions on Black FridayWalmart Employees Protest For Wage Increment and Working Conditions on Black Friday
Robbers loot cash van of over Rs 1cr  kill ATM security guardRobbers loot cash van of over Rs 1cr  kill ATM security guard
Two women killed by speeding train in MuzaffarnagarTwo women killed by speeding train in Muzaffarnagar
Botulinum Toxin - Global Strategic Business Report 2014Botulinum Toxin - Global Strategic Business Report 2014
Last night in us all the solar group was hammered down.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

If these news is true   then the valuation should be around 50. i sugg...New Member
3 Followers
I am waiting for a good news, can we hear such news?. There are many bad people are few good people, our directors in which category?.Are they really care share holders?. WAITING. 225 crore is more than the market cap of chromatic. if it deposited in bank it will bear interest and other exchange rate benefits for last 3 years.
In reply to : Rajesh malhotra message
1.27 PM Nov 29th

Eps is only rs.0.16 which is not at all matching with current price. i...Platinum Member
157 Followers
EPS is only Rs.0.16 which is not at all matching with current price. If P/E is taken at 20 also,thanprice for Rs.2 face value share will be only Rs.3.20. Where as at present price PE comes to 232 which is not at all feasible. If I am wrong,please do correct me. i will be happy to accept my mistake. EPS has been declared by company while announcing last qtrly results.
In reply to : Arunad message
5.27 PM Nov 29th

No don`t buy  rbi policy anything can happen. markets can fall down if...Platinum Member
182 Followers
one thing is for sure..this time..we all traders..are anxiously wating for tuesday morn..rbi policy.. guess we wont wait for wife as much as we all r waitin to see rajan on tuesday...

Reserve Bank Eases Rules for Low-Cost Home LoansMumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has eased norms to fund low-cost housing by permitting banks to extend loans against long-term infrastructure bonds.
The RBI however barred lenders from providing loans against long-term infrastructure bonds issued by other banks.
"Further, such loans should be subject to a ceiling, say, Rs 10 lakh per borrower, and tenure of loan should be within the maturity period of the bonds," the central bank said in a circular.
In July, the RBI had allowed long-term bonds raised by banks for infrastructure lending to be exempted from mandatory reserve requirements.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Reserve Bank scraps 80:20 norm for gold importsReserve Bank scraps 80:20 norm for gold imports
BS Reporter | Mumbai Nov 29, 2014 12:25 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India announced withdrawal on Friday with immediate effect of the gold import restrictions popularly known as the “80:20” scheme.
Introduced in August last year to control the country’s widening current account deficit (CAD), the rule enjoined all gold importers to supply at least 20 per cent of the quantity brought in to jewellery exporters. Permission for subsequent import would be given only on fulfilment of this export obligation. The RBI action follows the government’s decision to ease the restriction. With this, supply of gold should ease and smuggling get a significant check. It will also reduce the documentation work at Customs offices, helping jewellers.
“Scrapping of 80:20 will automatically control gold smuggling. It will also ease supply for local jewellers and exporters,” said a pleased Haresh Soni, chairman, All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation.
Gold import was considered a major contributor to a widening CAD. Import through official channels had indeed declined since the 80:20 rule but its supply through smuggling had risen several-fold. The World Gold Council had, early this month, forecast gold smuggling to meet 25 per cent of India's supply in 2014, of an estimated overall demand of 850-950 tonnes.
“The rule multiplied documentation work many times. At every level, questions were raised, translating into legal issues everywhere. Now, jewellers will focus on business,” said Rajesh Mehta, managing director of Rajesh Exports, one of India’s largest gold ornament shippers.
Mehul Choksi, managing director of Gitanjali Gems, said: “Now, the major focus of the government should be to reduce import duty.” Gold import currently attracts a tariff of 10 per cent.
“The 80:20 scheme was a major impediment for jewellers like us. Gold sourced through importers had to be kept in bonded warehouse until proof of earlier export consignments were presented to the customs department. Now, business will be smooth. We want the government to ensure seamless supply of gold to jewellery exporters,” said Pankaj Parekh, vice-chairman of the Gem and Jewellery Export Promotion Council.

Fawad Khan: Marriage is like an addiction"I Would've Hit On Anything That Moves If I Wasn't Married!", Fawad Afzal Khan
Cosmopolitan India –  Mon 24 Nov, 2014 4:41 PM IST
Share 0
By Koel Purie Rinchet
If you've seen the Disney rom-com Khoobsurat, starring Cosmo covergirl Sonam Kapoor and Pakistani actor Fawad Afzal Khan, you'll know that Mr Khan is quite the hottie. In fact, his Bollywood debut has already delivered Fawad a truckload of fans, with women everywhere wanting to know more about this singer, model and actor ('Is he single?'; 'Is he funny?'; 'Will he marry me?').
So here are some things you need to know about Fawad. One, he's married (we know, we know). Two, he's a self confessed introvert. Three, Fawad began his career as a singer, and released his album Irtiqa in 2003, before deciding to become an actor.
A few weeks ago, Koel Purie Rinchet sat him down for a candid chat to discuss marriage, commitment and Pakistan. Here, the fun stuff she dug up...
 
Koel Purie Rinchet: Hi Fawad, you seem to be the new Khan in town, but from what we hear, you're already married. Do you think getting married so early makes room for infidelity?
Fawad Afzal Khan: "I fell in love when I was 17, and have been married for a decade now. And interestingly enough, it just gets better and better everyday. It's like an addiction and I love it!"
 
KPR: Awww! What's the addiction?
FAK: "When you live with a person, you get to know them in and out. You get to find out so much more, evolve together and learn each other's deepest darkest secrets, and still be okay with it-and that's the best part."
 
KPR: Your debut release with Sonam Kapoor, Khoobsurat, is a hit! Would you have hit on her if you weren't married?
FAK: "Hahaha! Of course! I would've hit on anything that moves if I wasn't married."
 
KPR: You already have a huge fan following in India. Do you think your good looks have been a reason for your success?
FAK: "I don't think I'm the most good looking man. I think India and Pakistan have some extremely handsome men, and I'm not even close. In fact, I'd rate myself quite low. And this role had nothing to do with my looks...I got it purely based on my acting."
 
KPR: Talking about cinema in Pakistan, do you think women are curbed a lot more, than in Indian cinema?
FAK: "Sadly, yes. There is more policing, and a strong sense of shame in society, which I feel is unfair. Women should be allowed to express themselves just as men are. We must also take into account Pakistan's population, compared to India's-since we have fewer numbers, news travels faster. So whatever is highlighted becomes even bigger."
 
KPR: What are the top myths Indians have about Pakistan, that are just not true?
FAK: "There are no myths. Out of all the people I've met, no one has come across asking unusual things about Pakistan. There is no antagonism, as some may imagine. People generally ask about life in Lahore, the scenic beauties there or what we do for entertainment."
 
KPR: What was the one idea about India that you came with, that's been crushed or confirmed?
FAK: "No, I didn't come with any notions about anything or anyone. But I love the great hospitality that is being extended to me here
Reproduced From Cosmopolitan. © 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
TOP STORIES TODAY

Tourists can visit Mansarovar through Nathul...Tourists can visit Kailash Mansarovar through Nathula in 2015
By PTI | 29 Nov, 2014, 02.51PM IST
Nathula route will augment capacity & and reduce hardship & journey time enabling more pilgrims, in particular aged pilgrims, to undertake the Yatra.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
GANGTOK: Indian pilgrims would be able to visit Kailash Mansarovar in the Tibetan Autonomous Region of China through the new route of Nathula in Sikkim from next year, state Tourism department officials said here today.
Things are progressing at a very fast pace and that the Centre and the Sikkim Government are aiming at having the first batch of pilgrims visiting Kailash Mansarovar using this new route in June 2015, the official claimed.
India and China had signed a bilateral agreement on the Nathula alternative route September 18 this year. The agreement provides for conducting the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra through Nathula in addition to the existing Lipulekh Pass in Uttarakhand.
The route through Nathula will augment the capacity and reduce the hardship and journey time enabling many more pilgrims, in particular aged pilgrims, to undertake the Yatra, the official said.
More than 1,600 pilgrims, moving in ten batches, are expected to take the Sikkim route to Kailash-Masarovar next year and preparations are underway to ensure that the June deadline is met, the official informed.
Two senior officials from the Ministry of External Affairs were recently in Sikkim to examine state's infrastructural preparedness and to finalise other nitty-gritties.
They are reported to have identified two places - 17th Mile and Sherathang - on the JN Road as acclimatization centres for pilgrims.
As per a proposal floated by the MEA, the pilgrims will be required to halt at least for two days in Gangtok and then proceed to 17th Mile and Sherathang for further acclimatization before they proceed to the thinner air of the Tibetan plateau beyond Nathula, the official said.
The alternative route from Nathula will reportedly proceed through Shigatse in TAR and then move on to Kailash-Mansarovar.
There is reportedly already an agreement to monitor the Nathula-Kailash Mansarovar Yatra on G2G [Government-to- Government] basis. Once the G2G plan is finalised, the Sikkim Tourism Development Cooperation will be shouldered a bigger role in sending pilgrims to Kailash-Mansaorvar and coordinating their travel and return to India upto Gangtok, the official said.
A seven-member team comprising of state government representatives and MEA officials is expected to travel across Nathula to Kailash-Mansarovar on a trial run in March next year. This tour is expected to provide them with an even better understanding of the feasibility and further requirements of this pilgrimage.
The Nathula route is considered a comparatively easier route to the ones currently being used. The existing routes are through Uttarakand and Nepal, and both involve heavy-trekking through grueling terrain at altitudes up to 19,500 feet.
The new route will allow pilgrims to be driven all along,travelling first from Gangtok in Sikkim to Shigatse in Tibet from where they can take vans and buses on the existing road to Mansarovar and Kailash directly.
Facilities for proper weights and measures, warehouses,inspection posts, rest houses, improved transportation facilities, proper roadway, and better opportunities for traders as well as for tourists need to still be provided for further growth and trade benefits.
Sacred to Hindus, Jains and Buddhists, the journey to Mount Kailash and Mansarovar Lake located in the Himalayan mountain ranges of the remote Southwestern corner of the Tibetan Autonomous Region is usually undertaken from Uttarakhand via Lipulekh Pass or overland from Nepal.
While the Nepal route takes 10 days, the arduous trekking option via Uttarakhand takes 27 days. The Nathula option, as per projections, will take only 8 days to complete the yatra,the official said.
While the Nathula route is usually open from March to November, the Lipulekh route is only open for four months in a year from June to September.

What is Centre doing to counter Islamic State  asks KhurshidHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Swamy meets Uddhav  says BJP  Sena should unite for HindutvaNov 29, 2014 at 02:05pm IST
Swamy meets Uddhav, says BJP, Sena should unite for Hindutva
11
0
Mumbai: As Bharatiya Janata Party and Shiv Sena try to mend their severed ties, Subramaniam Swamy came calling at Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray's residence on Saturday.
Although, Swamy called it a personal meet, he said that the two parties should come together for Hindutva. "I will speak to Amit Shah and to Nitin Gadkari. The two should come together for the sake of Hindutva," Swamy told reporters.
"This is a personal visit, I have known all three generations of Thackerays. I went to congratulate Uddhav on winning 63 seats without Bala Saheb. I am not authorised officially to talk to Sena but I believe there should be no division of Hindutva votes," the BJP leader said.
BJP is understood to have offered five Cabinet berths and an equal number of Minister of State posts to Shiv Sena in its government in Maharashtra.
#bjp #shiv sena #uddhav thackeray #subramaniam swamy
BJP is understood to have offered five Cabinet berths and an equal number of Minister of State posts to Shiv Sena in its government in Maharashtra as the estranged allies on Friday began talks to chalk out a power- sharing formula after days of acrimony between the allies.
1

SAIL divests stake in Bokaro Jaypee CementSAIL divests stake in Bokaro Jaypee Cement
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 29:  
Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) has said that it has sold its entire 26 per cent equity holding of 3,47,49,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each in Bokaro Jaypee Cement to to Shri Rangam Securities & Holdings Ltd (SRSHL) at Rs 67.50 per share, totalling Rs 234.56 crore
Bokaro Jaypee Cement is a joint venture of SAIL and Jaiprakash Associates.
SRSHL is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Ltd, a subsidiary of Dalmia Bharat, SAIL said in a communication to the stock exchanges.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Pakistan right-wing politician shot dead by gunmenBy: Press Trust of India | Karachi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:50 pm
A senior politician was on Saturday killed in an early morning shooting in Pakistan’s southern Sindh province. Khalid Mehmood Soomro, senior leader of the Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam Fazl (JUI-F), was leaving a mosque in Sukkur after morning prayers when he was targeted by unknown gunmen.
JUI-F chief Maulana Fazlur Rehman told media that Soomro was the victim of a terrorist attack. “The government should order immediate action to arrest the attackers,” Fazl said.
Soomro hailed from Larkana district of Sindh and was also the  secretary general of the Sindh branch of the party. He was a key leader and also elected as a senator from his party and served in the parliament from 2006-2012. He is survived by his wife, six sons and three daughters.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif condemned the killing and asked the provincial government to arrest the culprits.

ET Awards live on ET.com: 3 hours to goUday Shankar
CEO, Star India
Meet the team of 11 who picked India Inc’s best and brightest. The ET Awards jury included some of India’s top industrialists, bankers and lawyers. Know more
NEWS
Raising a Toast to India Inc
The short-term forces are well known. Since 2011, large chunks of the economy have been gripped by policy paralysis. Companies in the natural resources sector have of course been high-profile victims, but manufacturing too has suffered as the economy has slowed. The Modi government has been seeking to break this logjam since taking charge in May with a series of reform measures. The impact this has will be reflected in time.
Exclusive Interview with Yusuf Hamied – Chairman, Cipla
Yusuf Khwaja Hamied, 78, came to the world's attention in 2001 when he said his company Cipla would make AIDS medicines for $1 a day, at a time when the disease was ravaging the poor in Africa and elsewhere and such drugs were prohibitively expensive for most. More importantly, he delivered on this pledge.
Achhe Din for Both Old and New Economy at ET Awards
The winners of the ET Awards for Corporate Excellence for 2014 are a diverse bunch, ranging from a businessman who has built India's largest pharmaceutical company by revenue and market capitalisation to rapidly growing new economy firms that are emblematic of the country's claims to technological prowess.
Nadella Heads for India, to Chair ET Awards Jury
Satya Nadella, the CEO of Microsoft Corporation, will head an 11-member jury to choose the winners of the 2014 edition of the ET Awards. Nadella, who be came only the third leader of the software company in February , will head a panel whose members include some of India's top industrialists, bankers and lawyers.
#ETAwards

Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah signs up for eye donationNov 29, 2014 at 03:21pm IST
Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah signs up for eye donation
14
0
Bengaluru: The Karnataka Chief Minister K Siddaramaiah has decided to donate his eyes after death. He has signed for eye donation at Karnataka's premier government-run eye hospital Minto Eye Hospital in Bengaluru.
Siddaramaiah has taken an eye donation card from the hospital after signing relevant documents. His eye card says that he is 66-year-old and has agreed to donate his eyes after death.
He has given his address as Chief Minister of Karnataka, residing in Bengaluru. He was requested by the eye donation activists to pledge his eyes. He readily agreed for that.
Siddaramaiah's decision to donate his eyes has enthused the health department and organ donation campaigners in the state.
The Karnataka government has launched a big eye and other organs donation campaign to create awareness among the public. Siddaramaiah's decision to donate his eyes has enthused the health department and organ donation campaigners in the state.
12

CBI chief Ranjit Singh caught snoozing at internal security meetCBI chief Ranjit Singh caught snoozing at internal security meet
CNN-IBN | Nov 29, 2014 at 03:23pm
Central Bureau of Investigation Director Ranjit Sinha was caught snoozing at the crucial internal security meet in Guwahati. The meet was addressed by Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
Hockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Sushma Swaraj not a dummy External Affairs Minister  says Prakash JavadekarNov 29, 2014 at 03:22pm IST
Sushma Swaraj not a dummy External Affairs Minister, says Prakash Javadekar
80
0
New Delhi: Lauding the work of the Central government in the past six months, Union minister Prakash Javadekar said that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has achieved what the previous UPA government could not achieve over the years.
"What we have achieved in months was not achieved by UPA in years because they had no intention," he said.
He also said that the BJP did not make false claims over the black money issue and were committed to bringing it back. "If we are into serious debate then we must understand basic things. SC directed earlier government, for 3 years it was insisting that SIT should be immediately formed. The UPA government rejected it, resisted it and did not form the SIT. We formed it within 3 days of coming to power," he said.
"What we have achieved in months was not achieved by UPA in years because they had no intention," he said.
#prakash javadekar #sushma swaraj #narendra modi #tracking the modi government
While there has been a lot of debate over Prime Minister Narendra Modi's foreign trips saying that Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj has hardly a role to play, Javadekar defended her saying that she is not a ceremonial minister.
"This is a ridiculous assumption. Every minister in our Cabinet is doing its job wonderfully. They are super active. They are working from morning to late nights because we have are motivated by Modiji's dedication towards his work.
70

Finland takes first step towards legalising gaymarriageBy: Agence-France Presse | Helsinki |
Posted: November 29, 2014 4:15 pm
Finland’s parliament voted in favour of same-sex marriage in a victory for campaigners who gathered thousands of signatures to force parliament to examine the issue. The Finnish legislature approved the “citizens’ initiative” proposal by 105 votes to 92, paving the way for a gender-neutral marriage law in the only Nordic country where gay marriage is not legal.
Anna Saarela, who led the campaign, told AFP that she felt “pure joy” after the vote. “Finland is the last Nordic country where homosexual couples are not allowed to marry. It’s a question of human rights,” she said. While the vote will not automatically result in a change of law, it launches the process for parliament to examine the issue.
The next step would involve a parliamentary committee, which would have to approve the proposed change before it goes to parliament for a final vote. Saarela said that there was “no doubt” that it would go through.
Finland’s Prime Minister Alexander Stubb, who supported the initiative, described it as an example of people power. “It’s a sign of civic activism and indicates that Finnish law is heading in the same direction as the rest of the Nordics and the Western world on this sensitive and difficult question,” he told the YLE public broadcaster.
The initiative got the support of most lawmakers from the conservative and the social democratic parties, members of the governing coalition. All members of the populist and eurosceptic The Finns Party except one voted against, as did most of the agrarian Centre Party. The Greens unanimously voted in favour of the initiative.
Although the proposal was rejected twice by the parliament’s legal committee, an intense campaign in recent weeks helped increase support to bring Finland in line with early a dozen European countries. But some lawmakers were still deeply opposed.
“This is a catastrophe for Finland,” said Pentti Oinonen, a member of parliament for The Finns Party, which opposed the change. “Old traditions and values have been totally trampled on.” The citizens initiative campaign which began in 2013 collected 166,851 signatures, more than three times the 50,000 required by Finnish law to force the parliament to consider the proposal.
Finland has recognised same-sex partnerships since 2002. The new marriage law, if approved, is not expected to come into force before 2016.

For Robin van Persie it is a question of confidence  says Louis vanGaalBy: Reuters | London |
Posted: November 29, 2014 5:13 pm
Manchester United striker Robin van Persie is lacking confidence and struggling to make an impact in matches, according to his manager Louis van Gaal.
The Dutch international has scored three goals in 11 games this season and touched the ball only 13 times before being substituted during the 2-1 win at Arsenal last Saturday.
“It was a very bad game for him,” Van Gaal told reporters. “That is why I changed him.
“You can count his touches on the ball and 13 is few for a striker. You know how strikers are. They feel they have to score goals.”
Van Persie scored 31 goals in his first season at Old Trafford, firing United to the Premier League title in 2013.
The 31-year-old failed to make a similar impact in the following campaign as United struggled to seventh place under new manager David Moyes.
But he led the Netherlands to third place in this year’s World Cup and was widely tipped to be named Manchester United captain following the arrival of his compatriot Van Gaal as manager.
Van Gaal, however, opted to give Wayne Rooney the armband and the imminent return to fitness of Colombian forward Radamel Falcao will add to the pressure on Van Persie.
He was replaced by 18-year-old James Wilson in the Arsenal match and Van Gaal could be tempted to start the young striker against Hull City on Saturday.
“You shall wait and see,” the Dutchman said. “For Robin it is a question of confidence, or maybe scoring a wonderful goal at the right moment.”

Presenting AJ Theme Song with Prabhu Dheva dancing toout-takesBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 5:05 pm
We’ve been hearing of all kinds of innovative moves to make the new Ajay Devgn starrer Action Jackson increasingly exciting.
The latest one hears, is a song-and-dialogue medley entitled ‘AJ Theme’ being created especially for the end-titles.
Apparently the choicest dialogues that Devgn’s character mouths in the film would be interspersed with Prabhu Dheva’s dance steps to make the end-titles an experience for viewers to cherish.
Confirming this Prabhu says, “With the audiences’ attention-span being what it is, one has to constantly keep thinking of new ways of attracting audiences’ attention. We thought of giving a new twist to the end-titles. We chose dialogues from the film and I added my dance steps to them while we were shooting. It’s called ‘AJ Theme Song’ but it doesn’t have any lyrics. It’s Ajay’s dialogues and my dancing.”

Ton-up Baba Aparajith powers South Zone into Deodhar TrophysemisBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 4:59 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 5:08 pm
Riding on Baba Aparajith’s splendid century, South Zone crushed a hapless Central Zone by 116 runs with 13.3 overs to spare in the Deodhar Trophy quarter final at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Saturday.
Aparajith, who batted at no.3, compiled a stroke-filled 105-ball 113 runs, laced with 2 sixes and eight fours, to power South to an imposing 296 for nine.
The Tamil Nadu batsman was well supported by Karun Nair, who made an attacking 74 off 62 balls inclusive of nine hits to the fence as the two revived a stuttering innings with a partnership of 124 in 109 balls for the fourth wicket.
In reply, Central started disastrously to be 3 down for 4 and then proceeded to be eventually shot out for 180 in 36.3 overs. Three batsmen were run-out, including the opener and the second-highest scorer Mukul Dagar (47 in 64 balls).
Number-seven batsman Arijit Gupta smashed 5 fixes and as many fours in his 49-ball 66 to keep Central’s slender hopes alive till the power play.
South and Karnataka skipper R Vinay Kumar picked up 3 for 8 in 6 overs while little known left-arm spinner Darshan Misal of Goa gave him useful support by grabbing 2 wickets.
South, who thus avenged the defeat suffered at the hands of Central in the Duleep Trophy final held earlier this month in Delhi, will meet holders and host West Zone in the semi final here on December 1.
Put into bat, South began well on a track that had initial ‘life’, offering bounce and seam movement, but then lost three of their top batsmen to poor shots. Aparajith and Nair soon rallied the team with a fine fourth-wicket century stand.
Openers Uthappa and Mayank Agarwal, who made an attractive 35, put on 32 runs in testing conditions before both chased wide deliveries and threw away their wickets.
Aparajith, who registered his second ton in the tournament following his innings of 121 against East Zone last season, came to the crease at the fall of opener Uthappa at 32 in the last ball of the 9th over and batted almost right till the end.
The 20-year-old’s shot selection was precise and he hit 8 fours and two sixes – one each of Ishwar Pandey and Chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav.
Karnataka youngster Nair, who joined Aparajith when the he was on 32, soon became the dominant partner in their innings-reviving stand.
Off-spinner Jalaj Saxena though commanded some respect from both Nair, who reached his 50 in just 41 balls, and Aparajith, but it needed the well-built Pankaj Singh to return for a second spell and end the partnership during the second power play which yielded 39 runs and the wicket of Nair.
Nair, who struck 9 fours in his 62-ball innings, was caught at deep mid-wicket, mistiming a pull off Pankaj who then got rid off rival skipper Vinay Kumar, Sachin Baby and Ashish Reddy to return with impressive figures of 5 for 45.
Aparajith, after batting so well, lost his patience as he tried to swing continued…

Sajid Nadiadwala signs Armaan Kohli for a two filmdealBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 4:55 pm
Armaan Kohli, who was last seen in the 2003 film LOC: Kargil, has been missing from the big screen. However, the actor’s career seems to have received a jumpstart post his appearance in the Bigg Boss house last year. In fact post his stint in the house, Armaan has been signed to play a negative role in Sooraj Barjatya’s next Salman Khan starrer ‘Prem Ratan Dhan Payo’.
Now we hear that Armaan Kohli has also been roped in for a two film deal by producer director Sajid Nadiadwala. Kohli confirmed the development saying that Nadiadwala had called him to the office and requested him to be part of two films from the five that he was intending on starting.
However, though Armaan Kohli is pretty kicked about the multiple films, he refuses to divulge any details of the same.

Manoj Bajpayee in Jazbaa alongside Aishwarya RaiBachchanBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 4:52 pm
Though doing off beat films are his forte, Manoj Bajpayee is equally active when it comes to commercial cinema and he will be soon seen in the masala entertainer ‘Tevar’. But what comes as a surprise is that this actor now will be sharing screen space with none other than the former beauty queen and now yummy mummy Aishwarya Rai Bachchan in Sanjay Gupta’s ‘Jazbaa’.
However, just like his other films with Sanjay Gupta including the recent ‘Shootout At Wadala’, Manoj will reprise the role of a gangster. However, from what we hear, though he will not be playing the lead, he will be playing an important part in the film. The character that the actor is playing will also have many scenes with other members of the cast and is crucial to the story. Though Sanjay Gupta stated that Manoj is a part of the film, he mentioned that the actor is yet to put his confirmation on paper.
‘Jazbaa’ has an ensemble cast with Aishwarya playing the role of a lawyer, Irrfan playing the role of a suspended cop and Shabana Azmi as his mother and a renowned professor. On the other hand, the film will also see John Abraham in a special appearance. The film is expected to go on floor in January 2015 and it seems that Gupta is aiming at Cannes to premiere the film.

I am in a state of shock  says Veena Malik on her 26-year prisonsentenceBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 4:47 pm
Controversy’s favourite child and now mother of a beautiful baby, Veena Malik and her husband Asad Bashir Khan have been sentenced to 26 years in prison by Pakistani court for alleged profanity.
Numbed with disbelief Veena, speaking from her home in Dubai, calls the sentence shocking. “I didn’t know this was coming. I knew there was a blasphemy case for some time now. But my husband and I had done no wrong. So I was never troubled by the charges.”
Veena took off to America to have her baby. “It was complicated pregnancy. I had to have a ‘c’ section done. My husband and I went to America to have the baby and came back to Dubai with our bundle of joy Abram. My baby is my world now.”
She is all the more shocked that such a seemingly brutal sentence could come at this time in her life. “I’ve put my colourful past behind me. I’ve found my happiness in life. My husband and my child are my world. To now be so rudely reminded of how vulnerable to attack I’ve always been, is very disturbing. It’s an attack on my new life as a wife and mother.”
Reliving the episode that has landed her in this serious trouble, Veena says, “My husband and I had been invited on a show on GEO TV. Mind you, we were just guests on the show where the religious qawwalli was being played. That same Qawwalli is played on numerous other shows. We showed no disrespect to the Qawwalli. I may have across as a liberated uninhibited person in my past conduct. But that doesn’t mean I don’t know how to respect my religion. Nowhere in my conduct will you find any disrespect to my religion.”
Veena Malik says she and her husband did not dance to the Holy Qawwali. “The honourable court says there is a close up of me during the holy Qawwalli. Shooting close-ups of artistes during television shows is the cameraman’s concern. How am I or my husband to blame for this?”
She is taken aback by the vehemence of the attack. “Normally there’s 1 FIR filed. In my case there are at least a 100 FIRs all over Pakistan. I know I’ve admirers and well-wishers all over the world. So this kind of attention at home is nothing new to me. Lekin yeh kuch zyada ho gaya (this is too much).”
Veena sees the harsh punishment as a reaction to the backlash against GEO television. “There has been a lot of campaign to bring them down. My husband and I are caught in the crossfire of a media war. To accuse us of profanity is unjust. We know how to respect our religion.”
The order against Veena and her husband has come from a special court in Pakistan. Veena will proceed to Pakistan to continued…

Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh announces Rs 50 crore for National Police Memorial in NewDelhiWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: November 29, 2014 5:16 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 9:18 pm
The BJP-led government has earmarked a sum of Rs 50 crore for establishment of a National Police Memorial in the country’s capital, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh announced here on Saturday. He also announced allocation of another sum of Rs 51 crore for medals to all police officers on the occasion of the Indian Police completing 150 years of its formation.
“A large number of police personnel have made the supreme sacrifice for the security of the country over the past several decades. But there is no police memorial in the national capital where we can pay our respect to those brave souls. The government has decided to establish a National Police Memorial in New Delhi soon for which a sum of Rs 50 crore has been earmarked,” Singh said while inaugurating the 49th All-India Conference of DGPs and IGPs.
Singh also said that the National Police Memorial will be one such structure which even people from other countries would be attracted to see. “Large number of people come to India as tourists or for other purpose. It should be an attraction for them too to visit and pay respect to the departed souls,” he added.
Rajnath also said that though the Indian Police have completed 150 years of its existence in 2012 itself, a government commitment to give away medals to the officers and other ranks on the occasion has remained unfulfilled. “Though then prime minister Manmohan Singh had in 2012 announced medals to all police personnel to mark the 150th anniversary of Indian Police, the same has remained unimplemented. I am glad to announce Rs 51 crore for the medals, and promise to provide further assistance if required,” he said.

Moin to continue as national selection and Pak team managerMoin to continue as national selection and Pak team manager
P. V. Sindhu reaches Macau Open 2014 finalP. V. Sindhu reaches Macau Open 2014 final
Bikers loot Rs1.5 crore from cash van outside Citibank ATM in DelhiBikers loot Rs1.5 crore from cash van outside Citibank ATM in Delhi
Dear rajiv sir  i have gone through article. apart from ps...73 Followers
Dear ReddyM sir,
Crude pricoes are falling and there is a chance of lowering interest rates by RBI. I request you to please suugest 2 or 3 shares which will be benefitted in such scenario and also please give your views whether LEEL will also significantly be benefitted if interest rates are cut down.
with thanks

6 Ways To Bring More Shoppers Through Your Door This Holiday SeasonHere Is Xi's China. Get Used to It.
Handout via Getty Images
The prevailing mood among China-watchers in 2014 was one of anxiety and skepticism. The year began in the shadow of Chinese assertiveness in the East and South China Seas. Economic concerns quickly took over: by February the property market seemed on the verge of an epic collapse thanks to the previous year's sharp monetary tightening. At midyear the worry was that an endless anti-corruption campaign had caused government sclerosis, making it impossible to get anything done. And by October, as the Communist Party held its law-focused Fourth Plenum, many bemoaned both the lack of evident progress on the economic reforms outlined at the prior year's Third Plenum and the Party's unwillingness to let its power be constrained by Western-style rule of law.

Uber: A Smart Company That Hasn t Been So Smart Managing Its Imagereddit
Uber has been in the news a lot lately. Unfortunately, most of the stories have been negative. From day one, Uber has had a target on its back because it provides a product that many believe is superior to established taxi and shuttle services. Users love Uber because it provides a more convenient, easier-to-use, and often less expensive way to get from A to B. As expected, these advantages have incurred the wrath of the well-entrenched interests that feel threatened - taxicab companies, shuttle services, rental car companies, unions, and regulators. What is not expected is Uber has, of late, been helping its adversaries by shooting itself in the foot. Moreover, it has not done a very effective job of managing the corporate image damage that has resulted. Before recommending what Uber should do to protect its image, it is useful to explore what the company does and why this 5-year-old startup is already being valued between $17 and $18.2 billion - greater than the value of Hertz and triple that of Avis.
Why users love Uber
Uber started in 2009 to fill the needs of those that want an on-demand taxi service that were unhappy with the alternatives. Taking a taxi is not often pretty. You call a cab company or try to hail a cab as it passes by. Sometimes they stop or show up, and sometimes they don't. The cabs are often less than clean and comfortable and usually require payment including a tip in cash. Having enough cash often requires inconvenient advance planning. Customers fear that drivers will take them "for a ride" to inflate fares - especially when riders do not know the area. With Uber, you set up an account in advance using a computer or smart phone. You can summon a car on demand and see the location of available cars in the area on your smartphone. You can request an estimate of what the fare is likely to be in advance. Uber gives you the approximate time the cab will pick you up, the name of the driver (who confirms by phone), and the car make and model with license plate. The entire process takes a few minutes. Unless you summon a cab in very high demand periods, the fares are usually less than a taxicab, tip is included, and you are automatically billed on your credit card and notified of the amount charged shortly after you are dropped off at your destination. At that time, you are given the opportunity to rate the driver.
High valuation
While many believe Uber's sky-high valuation is Fantasyland, others believe it makes sense for the following reasons:
Uber has a good business model. The company takes 20% off the top of the gross proceeds from each fare, and pays the driver 80%. The driver provides his/her own car, and is responsible for all car expenses. Customers market the service for Uber by telling their friends and getting points toward discounts on future rides.
It has positive cash flow. Uber collects the money from the user's credit card, and pays drivers from that. With more and more drivers in a growing number of locations around the world being added to the mix, Uber's positive cash flow has the potential to grow rapidly.
Positioned as high-tech. Uber's official name is Uber Technologies, Inc. This name plus the fact that users summon rides via a smartphone app combine to position Uber as a high-tech company that is part of the new sharing economy . This distinguishes them from their low-tech taxicab, shuttle, and rental car rivals similar to the way Tesla and Linked In are valued much higher than their lower-tech rivals.
Platform that can easily expand into other markets. While Uber is often considered as an alternative to taxis and shuttles, it has positioned itself for expansion into other business areas. According to CEO, Travis Kalanick, Uber wants to replace private automobiles. In the nearer term, it hopes to be an alternative to rental car companies. Its name and business model allows for expansion into many other business areas. It has already started testing UberRush - a messenger service, UberFresh - a service that delivers meals, and UberCorner Store for delivery of daily staples. It has also inked deals with companies, such as Home Depot for delivery of their products.
While Uber seems to be creating a platform for providing a lot of services that customers might like to summon on-demand, all is not rosy in Uberland.
An onslaught of negative publicity
There have been a series of events that have caused damage to Uber's corporate image.
Uber driver protests. Despite the fact that Uber says their drivers can earn upwards of $90,000 per year, some drivers complain that their costs drive their earnings down to $3 to $4 per hour. They have organized protests around the country that have attracted news media attention.
Customers injured by Uber drivers. A man in San Francisco claimed an Uber driver attacked him with a hammer . He has serious injuries and is in danger of losing his sight in one eye. In another case, a woman claims she was raped by an Uber driver even though Uber says the man was not working for Uber at the time of the rape.
Uber executive suggests digging up dirt on journalists. Recently, during a private dinner, Senior Vice President Emil Michael suggested that the Company invest money to smear journalists that make disparaging comments about Uber. He said he wanted to give journalists a taste of their own medicine . Of course, when this got out in the media, journalists had a field day - magnifying the negative impact on Uber's corporate image.
Privacy concerns. According to Venturebeat ,
Uber has just finished the worst public relations week in its history. What once was looked upon as a brilliant and disruptive grass-roots company is now being seen as an arrogant bunch of whiz kids who may be willing to play it fast and loose with the privacy of its users.
Uber customers are becoming increasingly alarmed by Mr. Michael's comment that "Uber could see the comings and goings of any of its customers using something it calls its 'God View.' "
What Uber has to do to protect its corporate image
In light of the negative publicity during its "worst public relations week," Uber needs to use the following procedures to protect its image.
If allegations are true, it needs to use the Fact Procedure, which includes the following steps:
Admit the mistake and apologize.
Limit the scope, or put the situation in perspective. For example, "We have X thousand drivers around the world, and we have had far fewer incidents with drivers than competitive alternatives."
Solution so it is unlikely to reoccur.
If allegations are not true, Uber should employ the following Rumor Procedure steps.
Do not publicize, or mention, the rumor.
Promote the opposite of what the rumor says.
Provide proof to support #2.
All businesses have a batting average
No business is perfect, and every company is going to have problems it will have to address in the media. Uber is no exception. The fact that Uber is disrupting entrenched businesses is likely to cause many of those businesses (and the vested interests that aim to protect them) to look for ways to retaliate. While Uber executives are smart enough to know that, some have not been very smart in the statements they have made - even at private dinners. They should know that if the company has tools that could be used to invade the privacy of journalists and customers, others may have similar tools to share their "private statements" in the media. This is what has apparently happened in the last week with Uber.
While bad things are likely to happen to every company, if they do, company executives need to be media savvy enough to understand how to use the Fact and Rumor procedures to protect its image. I wish Uber the best of luck because I am one of those that love their service. However, I am also not a fan of how they have handled their problems in the media. Journalists have a job to do, and many do it well. Sometimes they get it wrong. Even if they do, there is a proper way to handle it to improve your corporate image instead of doing unnecessary damage to a very valuable asset - the Company's reputation.
Follow Ira Kalb on Twitter: www.twitter.com/irakalb
More:

Are You Going to be Blindsided by the Futurereddit
We've all been there. Things are running smoothly, then whack, seemingly out of nowhere you get hit over the head. You lose your job, your competition takes away your best business or someone in your personal life drops a bomb on you.
You never saw it coming, except of course, you did. Now, with the benefit of hindsight, you can see that the signs were there; you just didn't recognize it at the time.
Business strategy expert Amanda Setili says, "People get blindsided because they develop certain beliefs based on experiences they have. This can happen in business or in your personal life."
For example, I've had clients who believe that sales is a one-time event, once you secure a customer, they're yours. This belief can blind them to signs of competitive threats. On a personal front, if your parents stayed married forever, with never a date night, you might miss signs that your spouse needs more attention.
Setili, a strategy consultant who works with organizations like Coca-Cola and Delta Airlines, says, "People get so focused on what they are trying to achieve and what they need to get done, they don't look around and notice what's changing or what is different."
A large-scale failure to notice advance warning signs occurred during the Great Recession. Everyone was focused on growth. People were so emotionally attached to the upside that very few noticed the foundation was crumbled. Even when the economy began to tumble, people were so surprised, most did not respond quickly. People sat stunned watching their businesses and bank accounts shrink.
Setili says people get blindsided because "They don't take the time to ask the question, what might happen next, or how can I take advantage of what might happen next."
You can avoid many unpleasant surprises by looking up, looking around and looking ahead. Instead of just thinking tactically, what do I need to do today, ask yourself, how is my situation, job, marriage, company, family, etc. different today than it was a year ago? Are there early indicators of future problems, or opportunities?
In her new book, The Agility Advantage: How to Identify and Act on Opportunities in a Fast Changing World, Setili recommends, "love the problem." She says, when you're facing a challenge, you have to be willing to manage uncertainty, which means digging deeper into a problem to find new insights before you jump to quick fixes. In business, if you see early signs of competitive threats, don't jump to a tactical response. Instead Setili suggests, talk directly to customers, observe their daily environment, the tools they use, and the people they interact with. This investigative work will give you insights that enable you to formulate a better strategy.
In a personal situation, you can avoid being blindsided by paying attention to the people around you, and thinking about where things are heading next. For example, with my youngest child leaving for college next year, Setili suggests, "Plan something exciting for yourself, so that you have something to look forward to when she leaves."
Having seen other parents stumbling away from the dorm drop off, blindsided by unexpected heartbreak that their 18-year hands-on parenting odyssey seems suddenly over, I realize most parents plan their child's big moment, but very few plan for their own adventure.
The future is always going to have an element of uncertainty to it. But if you pay attention to the early indicators, you can avoid being blindsided.
Lisa McLeod is the creator of the popular business concept Noble Purpose and author of the bestseller, Selling with Noble Purpose . She is a sales leadership consultant and keynote speaker.  Organizations like Genentech, Google, and Kaiser hire her to help them grow revenue.

Why Petrol  Diesel Prices May Go Down FurtherYou are here: Home Economy
Why Petrol, Diesel Prices May Go Down Further
NDTV | Updated On: November 27, 2014 23:48 (IST)
BofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
Crude oil prices fell more than $6 to a fresh four-year low under $75 a barrel on Thursday after OPEC decided not to cut production, despite a huge oversupply in world markets. Members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), which account for nearly 40 per cent of global oil output, met on Thursday to decide whether to cut production, after oil prices dropped over 30 per cent in just six months.
Fund managers had earlier said that oil prices could plunge to $60 a barrel if OPEC failed to make significant cuts.
India will be a big beneficiary if Brent crude prices indeed drop to $60 per barrel, provided the rupee continues to trade in the 58-62 range against the US dollar.
For starters, petrol and diesel prices in the country will fall sharply because both these fuel have been decontrolled now. Going by past trends, petrol prices might fall below Rs 60 per litre if Brent crude prices drop below $60/barrel. If petrol prices fall below Rs 60/litre, it would be the first time since May 2011.
Petrol prices have fallen sharply from nearly Rs 74 per litre to Rs 64 per litre since June as the international price of Indian crude basket has decreased from Rs 6,600 per barrel ($110.42 per barrel at 60.10 per dollar) in June to Rs 4800 per barrel ($78.27 per barrel at Rs 61.78 per dollar) in November.
The above-mentioned illustration indicates that a further $20 per barrel drop in international crude could push petrol prices below Rs 60 per litre even if the government hikes excise duty further or oil marketing companies add another rupee or two to their margins.
The sharp fall in global oil prices will also help the government. Global brokerage Nomura says every $10 per barrel fall in oil price can boost India's GDP growth by around 0.1 percentage points, lower consumer inflation by about 0.2 per cent and improve current account balance by 0.5 per cent of GDP.
Improving macro fundamentals will likely add further fuel to the stock market rally, analysts say. According to Bank of America Merrill Lynch, India gives positive returns in 3 months post sharp correction in crude.
On 11 occasions since 1991 (when India embarked on a liberalization drive), Brent crude prices corrected by more than 20 per cent in three months. On 8 of these 11 occasions, Indian markets gave a positive return over the next 3 months with an average return of nearly 17 per cent, the investment bank said.
(With Reuters inputs)
Story first published on: November 27, 2014 20:59 (IST)

I can t imagine how anybody can be expected to play Test cricket on ThursdayBy: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: November 29, 2014 9:48 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 11:03 am
Former captain Ricky Ponting does not think it would be right for Australia’s first Test against India in Brisbane next week to go ahead following the death of Phillip Hughes .
No decision has yet been made over whether the game at the Gabba will start on schedule on Thursday and Ponting said he doubted the Australians would be mentally prepared to play cricket.
“It’s one thing to say Phillip Hughes would have wanted the four-Test series against India to start as scheduled,” he wrote in a column for News Limited newspapers on Saturday.
“It’s another for 11 men to take the field at the Gabba a week after their close friend died.
“It’s been such a tragic week for the Hughes family and the cricket community and I can’t imagine how anybody can be expected to play Test cricket on Thursday.
In fact I don’t think it would be right.
“Even if the boys think they can play it would be a miracle if they find the right frame of mind needed for five days of cricket,” said Ponting.
Hughes’ death on Thursday, two days after he was struck in the neck by a short-pitched delivery in a first-class game at the Sydney Cricket Ground, stunned the sports world.
Tributes have poured in for the 25-year-old batsman and players from all domestic grades of cricket are to commemorate Hughes over the weekend with moments of silence and by wearing black armbands.

My training would start at 4.30 amWritten by Shivani Naik | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 1:17 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 11:08 am
Shuttler Kidambi Srikanth returned home to Hyderabad from a dream fortnight where he beat Chinese great Lin Dan and cracked the top 10 in the world. Moving to No 8 in the rankings this week, the 21-year-old talks about the cold reception of the Chinese, the hot trending on Twitter the day he won China Open, training at 4.30 am for years and enjoying cricket only because of Fab Four. Excerpts:
What are your memories of the Lin Dan win?
A few points in the first set — some switch shots and smashes. I lost one match point, and coaches told me to calm down. They said there’s just one point left, and don’t lose focus unnecessarily. The previous night they’d told me to stay confident and not get worked up about it being Lin Dan. They told me I’d been playing well throughout the tournament and handled every situation well. There was no need to worry.
How did you celebrate?
There was no celebrations, frankly. I headed off to dope testing, then spoke to Gopi Sir, then we travelled to Hong Kong. There was nothing to do in HK either. Also, since I’d won the title in China, I needed to perform well in the next match so that no one thought the win against Lin Dan was a fluke.
How did the Chinese react to your win against Lin Dan?
It was too big for me. There at a press conference before the final, I’d said playing Lin Dan was a dream come true. But after winning, it was like an OK OK kind of reception from the Chinese press. They are sort of indifferent to non-Chinese. They don’t talk about other players much. Just a few questions were asked for about five minutes. It was very strange because the win was massive for me. But this is also an experience.
Indian response wasn’t so tepid. What were the highlights?
I was very surprised I got a congratulatory tweet from former President APJ Abdul Kalam. That made me very happy as I’m a big fan of his. Then others like the PM, President, Sachin Tendulkar, Laxman, the CMs of Telangana and Seemandhra also wished me on Twitter. But most fun was when few of my seniors from school, who’d not spoken to me for years, got in touch and wished me. Nobody knew me in school because I was quiet. Outside of badminton world, I’m still very quiet.
You won your title at Fuzhou, considered the home of shuttle in China. How did your own badminton journey start?
I wasn’t fully into it as a child. I learnt to take it seriously only when continued…

World Snooker Championship: Chinese prodigy 14  upsets Pankaj AdvaniBy: Press Trust of India | Bangalore |
Posted: November 29, 2014 1:42 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 3:05 pm
China’s 14-year-old Yan Bingtao on Friday scripted a sensational upset when he sent Pankaj Advani packing with a 6-4 victory in the quarter-finals before winning his semi-final game at the Seaways IBSF World Snooker Championship.
Bingtao will face Pakistan’s Mohammed Sajjad in the summit clash. While Bingtao beat Kristanut Lertsattayathorn of Thailand by 7-5 frames, Sajjad easily got past Zhao Xintong by 7-3 frames to stop the grand finale being an all-Chinese affair.
On the day at the Sree Kanteerava Indoor Stadium, Advani, who has 12 world titles across all formats till date, could not concentrate on his game and did not play big points as the Chinese schoolboy.
Pankaj started his quarterfinal tie in a disappointing way, losing the first frame 38-63 and the next 47-75. Pankaj had 44 break points but Bingtao’s 57 helped the Chinese to clinch the second frame.
There was something to cheer for the Indian fans when Pankaj convincgly pocketed next three frames 107-0, 68-10 and 60-16, thus taking 3-2 lead.
Just when the star Indian cueist needed another frame in the grabs to get a firm hold, he lost the plot and conceded the sixth frame quite easily to Bingtao 4-83 as the Chinese exhibited incredible temperament on the green baize to level the proceedings at 3-3 each.
Advani then prevailed over the Chinese in the seventh frame by beating him with 89-24 margin with 79 break points, taking a crucial 4-3 lead.
The Indian however could not capitalise on the lead and lost next three frames 40-67, 26-71 and 40-59, thus conceding the rubber to Bingtao.
“There was too much of disturbance and I was not able to concentrate. I also did not play well. Bingtao too did not play any great snooker but I am not taking anything from him. It is just that he played the big points well while I did not. That made the difference,” Advani told reporters after his defeat.
Another Chinese made his presence felt with impressive showing on the green baize. Zhao Xintong defeated Ausralia’s Ridley 6-4.
Pakistan’s Muhammad Sajjad ended the Indian challenge when he beat Manan Chandra, while Kritsanut Lertsattayathorn (Thailand) beat Amir Sarkhosh (Iran) 6-4 to complete the semi-final line-up. The Indian challenge ended in the women’s event too, when Chitra Magimairaj lost to title-holder Wendy Jans of Belgium.

http://usat.ly/1FC6rwUFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Chaos grips U.K. stores at Black Friday sales
Black Friday chaos spread across the pond to Britain as customers trampled each other in scenes police compared to "a mini-riot."
Post to Facebook
Chaos grips U.K. stores at Black Friday sales Black Friday chaos spread across the pond to Britain as customers trampled each other in scenes police compared to "a mini-riot." Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xRWhlW
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Chaos grips U.K. stores at Black Friday sales
Jane Onyanga-Omara , USA TODAY 1:57 p.m. EST November 28, 2014
Shoppers pass a store offering Black Friday sales on Oxford Street in London on Nov. 28.
(Photo: FACUNDO ARRIZABALAGA, EPA)
65 CONNECT 16 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Black Friday chaos spread across the pond to Britain as customers trampled each other in scenes police compared to "a mini-riot."
In an effort to grab the hottest deals, customers crushed each other and got into disputes at seven stores in northern England belonging to supermarket giant Tesco, said Chief Constable of the Greater Manchester Police Peter Fahy. Police were forced to close many of the stores, he said.
As the situation "spiraled out of control," three people were arrested, a woman's wrist was broken, a TV was dropped on a shopper in a wheelchair and a security guard was punched, Fahy said.
The chaos comes as an increasing number of U.K. retailers take part in Black Friday, including through online deals. Visa predicted U.K. shoppers would spend roughly $810 million online using credit cards Friday, which would make it Britain's biggest Internet shopping day in history, the BBC reported.
"This is the first year I've ever heard of Black Friday in the U.K.," said Melinda Neunie as she pursued Topshop's flagship store in London's Oxford Circus to take advantage of discounts up to 50%.
In London, police responded to reports of large crowds gathering at three Tesco stores. Nobody was injured, and no arrests were made. Police were also called to locations including Dundee, Glasgow and Cardiff, the BBC reported.
Also visiting Topshop to take advantage of the deals, Maira Khan said she hadn't seen the chaotic scenes that had engulfed other stores. "I think it's an excuse to go out and shop," she said of Black Friday coming to the U.K.
Describing the events in Greater Manchester as "reasonably predicable," Fahy said the stores "did not have sufficient security staff on duty."
"Across Greater Manchester, large supermarkets already make significant demands on policing through calls to shoplifting, anti-social behavior and thefts of fuel from their petrol stations — much of which is preventable," he said. "We just ask these stores to work with us to reduce the demands on policing and reduce the risks of disorder and crime."
In a statement, Tesco said a "small number" of stores were affected but were open and operating normally.
"We work closely with the police authorities and take guidance on security measures in stores, and we will work with them following this event to make any improvements for next year," the company said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xRWhlW
USA NOW
Taliban kills dozens of children in Pakistani school
Dec 16, 2014

US Crude Down 7% at May 2010 Low on OPECYou are here: Home Industries
US Crude Down 7 Per Cent at May 2010 Low on OPEC; New Low Likely
Reuters | Updated On: November 28, 2014 22:54 (IST)
Consultations Underway on Revision of Royalty Rates on Coal: Report
New York: US crude fell 7 per cent on a decision by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to not cut output, but light trading on Friday after the US Thanksgiving Day holiday meant there could be more losses when markets return to full strength next week, traders said.
West Texas Intermediate (WTI) light US crude hit a four-and-half-year low of $67.75 a barrel overnight after Saudi Arabia blocked calls on Thursday from poorer members of OPEC to reduce production. US markets were officially closed on Thursday for Thanksgiving, with only electronic trading.
Traders said if WTI takes out the May 2010 low of $64.24, it could technically be headed for a test below $60, towards the low of $58.32 set on July 2009.
"There's a notion that yesterday's selling was overdone, but not everyone is fully back to work yet after Thanksgiving," said John Kilduff, partner at energy hedge fund Again Capital in New York. "WTI could certainly be down a couple of dollars more next week, and test newer lows from there."
US crude's front-month contract was down $5.42 at $68.27 a barrel at 1656 GMT (10:26 p.m. in India). The drop of more than 7 per cent was the biggest daily fall since 2011.
The front month for benchmark North Sea Brent crude was 40 cents lower at $72.18, after falling earlier to $71.12, a low since July 2010.
"We are seeing continued oversupply. I think $70 a barrel will be the new norm," said Bill Hubard, chief economist at Markets.com, referring to Brent.
With November trading in its final session, Brent was headed for a 15 per cent loss on the month, or the steepest monthly decline since 2008. It has lost over 30 per cent since June, falling from above $115, as increasing North American shale oil output helped create a glut amid sluggish global growth.
Russia's most powerful oil official Igor Sechin said oil prices could hit $60 or below by the end of the first half of next year. Options market data show speculators betting on $65 Brent by early 2016.
"The market is looking for a new paradigm, a new range to settle into. Where that is, is anybody's guess," said Eugen Weinberg, head of commodities research at Commerzbank in Frankfurt.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Gigi play to open in N.Y. as musical opens in D.C.By Nelson Pressley November 28 Follow @nelsonpressley
Now is the winter we thank heaven for little girls, for January will bring audiences not one “Gigi,” but two.
The Kennedy Center’s new stage version of the 1958 Lerner and Loewe movie musical (winner of nine Academy Awards, including Best Picture) has long been scheduled for Jan. 16-Feb.12; it’s aimed for Broadway this spring. Signature Theatre head Eric Schaeffer, whose revival of Stephen Sondheim musical “ Follies ” with the Kennedy Center transferred to Broadway two years ago, will direct Vanessa Hudgens in the title role.
Vanessa Hudgens, being interviewed, will by “Gigi” in the upcoming Kennedy Center performance. (Andrew Kelly/Reuters)
The second “Gigi” was announced Thanksgiving Day by Manhattan’s off-off Broadway Storm Theatre Company. The small, classically slanted troupe recently produced Pierre Corneille’s 1637 “Le Cid” with Blackfriars Repertory Theater. The organizations will join forces to revive the play of “Gigi” by Anita Loos (“Gentlemen Prefer Blondes”) that starred an emerging Audrey Hepburn on Broadway in 1951.
Fans planning a “Gigi” binge will want to mark the calendar for Jan. 9-Feb. 15 for the Storm-Blackfriars staging at the Theater of the Church of Notre Dame, on 114th Street in Manhattan. All these “Gigi” stagings and more, including the 1949 French film, derive from the 1944 Colette novel about a 16 year old girl in Belle Epoque Paris who falls in love with an older man.
First Post byline, 1992; covering theater for the Post since 1999. His book "American Playwriting and the Anti-Political Prejudice" will be published by Palgrave Macmillan in 2014.

Mexico s President Vows To Reform PoliceMexico's President Vows To Reform Police In Wake Of Students' Disappearance
Posted:
reddit
MEXICO CITY, Nov 27 (Reuters) - Embattled President Enrique Pena Nieto on Thursday proposed simplifying Mexico's chaotic police structure and a new law to stop collusion between officials and gangs as he tried to defuse anger over the apparent massacre of 43 students in September.
Pena Nieto has been under growing pressure from protesters to end impunity and brutality by security forces since the trainee teachers were abducted by corrupt police in the southwestern city of Iguala on the night of Sept. 26.
The government says the students were murdered and their bodies incinerated after police handed them over to a drug gang.
"Mexico cannot continue like this," Pena Nieto said in a speech to an assembly of political leaders.
"After Iguala, Mexico has to change," he said, noting that the reforms aimed to create a new law against infiltration by organized crime and redefine powers in the penal system.
The president said he would send an initiative to Congress to unify multi-layered police forces in Mexico's states and had ordered a special security operation in the Southwest, large swathes of which are plagued by drug gangs.
Mexico has a plethora of police forces, as hundreds of municipalities, 31 states and the capital Mexico City each has its own. But poor training and salaries as low as 5,000 pesos ($370) per month encourage corruption.
Several of Pena Nieto's predecessors also undertook police reforms, but problems have persisted and infiltration by gangs is widespread. Some Mexican states who got rid of municipal forces remain wracked by violent crime.
Pena Nieto said the government would also launch a program to boost growth in economically backward and troubled areas of the country including the Southwest, ensuring they would get preferential financing conditions.
"Today there are two Mexicos: One that is part of the global economy with growing levels of income, development and well-being; and then there is a poorer Mexico with historical problems that have been unresolved for generations," he said.
Only about 2 percent of crimes in Mexico result in convictions, and despite the indictments of several senior Mexican officials in U.S. courts, very few of them have had to face investigations, let alone trial, at home.
Pena Nieto said he aimed to introduce a single, nationwide phone number for emergencies, preferably "911" for simplicity.
(Reporting by Mexico Newsroom; Editing by Cynthia Osterman and Gunna Dickson)
More:

Low ATF prices a favourable brent in road for carriersCourt refuses to let off Hindalco in coal block allocation case
Indian carriers, which have seen considerable stress in earnings, are beginning to reap the benefits of lower ATF (aviation turbine fuel) prices, in line with softening crude prices.
This has also resulted in a rally in the share prices of listed carriers like Jet Airways and SpiceJet, especially on Friday after a further 7% decline in crude prices on November 27 to $72.58 per barrel. Brent crude has fallen 29% in the last three months.
Crude oil prices fell sharply on November 27 to a four-and-a-half-year low after the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries decided against a cut in oil production. Analysts were expecting Opec to cut output by 1.5-2 million barrels per day in the wake of declining oil prices.
In the last three months, ATF prices have fallen by as much as 11% and, since January, price of the jet fuel has declined 18%.  ATF prices account for 40-60% of the overall costs that an airline incurs. Also, different Indian states levy different taxesof up to 30% on sale of ATF.
On Friday, Jet Airways’ shares rose 20% and hit the upper circuit on the BSE to close at Rs 322.05 per share. SpiceJet’s shares gained 18.5% to close at  Rs 18.24 per share.
Jet Airways’ shares have risen nearly 50% since September while SpiceJet’s scrip has gained more than 60% in the last three months.
The beleaguered SpiceJet, which has seen accumulated losses increase with each passing quarter, also received a shot in the arm after investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picked up 1.4% in the company from the open market for a total investment of Rs 13.41 crore. Jhunjhunwala’s investment in SpiceJet, though miniscule, could send out a positive signal to investors as the company scouts for investment to help it turn operations around.
SpiceJet chief operating officer Sanjiv Kapoor told FE on Friday that that the airline will save over Rs 300 crore on its fuel bill during FY15. The no-frills carrier’s fuel bill for FY14 stood at Rs 3,260 crore.
“India has the lowest fares on average in the world and ATF price cut is just relief for the airlines on the cost side, which is much-needed,” a SpiceJet spokesperson said in an email on Friday.
“Aviation fuel prices in India have been 40-60 % higher than the rest of the world (including taxes). Any further reduction is fantastic for our cost situation.”
A senior Air India official told FE that the national carrier has saved Rs 55 crore on fuel expenses during November. He declined to be identified.
“The aviation industry has been clamouring for ATF to be labeled as a declared good so that it is taxed at 4% against the current rates of up to 35% . If this comes through, the aviation industry will benefit greatly,” the Air India official added.
Emails sent to GoAir, Jet Airways and IndiGo on Friday afternoon remained unanswered till press time.
According to Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA), Indian airlines are expected to post losses of $1.3-1.4 billion in FY15, down from the combined loss of $1.7 billion last year.
However, analysts expect airlines to post better earnings in the December quarter sequentially due to the decline in ATF prices.
“(The fall in ATF prices) will help recover some of the losses incurred by the airlines during the April to September period,” said Amber Dubey, partner and head of the aerospace and defence practice at KPMG in India. “But this is not sustainable relief. Governments of the five states that levy the most tax on ATF and MRO (maintenance and repair overhaul) services will have to abolish these levies to create a healthy aviation sector.”
TAGS: Aviation Turbine Fuel Jet Airways SpiceJet
More from companies

Black Woman Loses Eye in Police CrackdownBlack Woman Loses Eye in Police Crackdown
Gold hits 2-week low on easing of import curbs | IMF lauds WTOfiscal deficit
(Gold in global market, which…)
NEW DELHI: Gold prices today plunged by Rs 270 to trade at over two-week low of Rs 26,400 per ten gram in the national capital after the Reserve Bank yesterday eased curbs on import of the precious metal.
Silver also extended losses for the third day and tumbled by Rs 820 to Rs 35,380 per kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Easing restrictions on gold imports, the Reserve Bank yesterday scrapped the controversial 80:20 scheme.
Under the 80:20 norm, put in place in August 2013 to curb high gold inflows that was widening the current account deficit, at least 20 per cent of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lots.
Bullion traders attributed the fall in gold prices to easing restrictions on gold imports by the RBI by scrapping the controversial scheme, which is likely to enhance supplies and check smuggling of the precious metal.
"The RBI move will improve supplies in the market and bring down gold prices further in coming days," All India Sarafa Association vice-president Surinder Kumar Jain said, adding the strengthening dollar, however, will limit fall in prices.
He said the import curbs had restricted availability of the basic raw material for the jewellery sector.
Besides, a weak global trend where gold weakened as a stronger dollar and falling crude prices, curbing demand for the precious metal, weighed on the gold prices.
Gold in global market, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell by 1.80 per cent, the biggest fall since November 5, to 1,175.50 an ounce in New York.
Silver too tumbled by 6.3 per cent, the biggest drop since June 2013, to $15.55 an ounce in yesterday's trade.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 270 each to Rs 26,400 and Rs 26,200 per ten gram respectively, a level last seen on November 12.
Sovereign traded lower by Rs 100 to Rs 23,600 per piece of eight gram.
In line with weak trend, silver ready also recorded a hefty fall of Rs 820 to Rs 35,380 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 1,085 to Rs 34,525 per kg.
On the other hand, silver coins remained steady at Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vodafone  Airtel face highest penalty for ru...Vodafone, Airtel face highest penalty for tariff, MNP rules violations
PTI Nov 29, 2014, 03.51PM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(The maximum penalty for…)
NEW DELHI: Telecom operator Vodafone has been fined the most for tariff rule violations till date, while Bharti Airtel has been penalized the maximum amount for breaching mobile number portability norms.
Country's second largest telecom operator Vodafone has been penalised over Rs 6 lakhs for charging customers on new tariff without informing regulator TRAI in time, as per details presented in a written reply to a Rajya Sabha question.
Other companies fined for this include Aircel (Rs 2.3 lakh), Reliance Communications (Rs 2 lakh) Airtel (Rs 50,000) Tikona (Rs 25,000), Loop Mobile (Rs 20,000) and D-Vois broadband (Rs 30,000).
"The Telecommunication Tariff order provides that all tariffs are to be reported to TRAI within 7 working days from the date of implementation. It also provides for financial disincentive of Rs 5,000 per day for each day delay subject to a maximum of Rs 2 lakhs," Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said in the Rajya Sabha.
With regard to mobile number portability, which allows subscribers to change their service providers while retaining the same number, all the telecom operators, except state-run firms BSNL and MTNL, have been found to have violated rules.
The maximum penalty for contravention of MNP regulation has been imposed on Airtel (Rs 4.6 crore), followed by Aircel (Rs 1.57 crore).
Incidentally, Airtel, Vodafone and Idea Cellular are among the biggest gainers of MNP regime in terms adding new subscribers from other operators.
Idea's net gain of subscribers at the end of October 2014 stood at over 1.25 crore, Vodafone 1.04 crore, Airtel 50 lakh and Reliance Telecom over 3.84 lakh, as per the data released earlier.
Vodafone has also been fined Rs 1 crore for MNP norms violation, while Idea has been penalized about Rs 54 lakh, Tata Teleservices (Rs 19 lakh), Loop Mobile (Rs 2.41 lakh) Reliance Communication, including Reliance Telecom, (Rs 55,000, Uninor Rs 12,500 and Videocon (including Quadrant) Rs 29,000.
Separately, around 13 companies have been penalize for violation of telemarketing call and SMS rules.
"TRAI has imposed financial disincentives on 13 companies for over Rs 27 crore. The amount outstanding as of now is over Rs 19 crore. The outstanding is because of various representations from the telecom service providers," Prasad said.
Penalties of over Rs 6.5 crore have been imposed on telecom operators for providing below standard quality of service. The name of telecom service providers were not disclosed in the reply.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bhartiya Mahila Bank eyes 1 000-cr deposits  Rs 800-cr loan book by March-endIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
Bharatiya Mahila Bank (BMB), the country’s first all-women bank, said it is targeting a deposit base of Rs 1,000 crore and advances of Rs 800 crore by March-end this fiscal.
At present, the bank’s deposit stands at over Rs 300 crore and loans at Rs 500 crore.
“As of today our total business is at Rs 825 crore. For this year, we are aiming advances of Rs 800 crore and deposits at Rs 1,000 crore,” BMB’s Chairman & Managing Director Usha Ananthasubramanian told reporters today after inaugurating its 35th branch here.
The branch, which was opened in Ghatkopar, Mumbai, is the third in Maharasthra. The bank would shortly open branches in Nagpur, Pune and Haridwar.
The bank is looking to increase its branch network to 80 by March 2015, which will also include 20 rural branches.
Ananthasubramanian said the bank’s focus would be on opening branches in tier II to tier III cities.
“We are also planning to roll out 50 offsite ATMs across the country by the end of this year,” she said.
The country’s first all-women bank was launched in November last year and is wholly owned by the government which had initially infused Rs 1,000 crore in it.
Ananthasubramanian said the bank does not plan to raise any fund as the capital which it received from the government is sufficient to take care of its business currently.
Total employee strength of the bank is 300 and it will add another 120 by the end of this fiscal.
It has one lakh customers, out of which 81 per cent are women.
TAGS: Bharatiya Mahila Bank
More from bankingampfinance

Presenting  AJ Theme Song  with Prabhu Dheva dancing to out-takesBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 5:05 pm
We’ve been hearing of all kinds of innovative moves to make the new Ajay Devgn starrer Action Jackson increasingly exciting.
The latest one hears, is a song-and-dialogue medley entitled ‘AJ Theme’ being created especially for the end-titles.
Apparently the choicest dialogues that Devgn’s character mouths in the film would be interspersed with Prabhu Dheva’s dance steps to make the end-titles an experience for viewers to cherish.
Confirming this Prabhu says, “With the audiences’ attention-span being what it is, one has to constantly keep thinking of new ways of attracting audiences’ attention. We thought of giving a new twist to the end-titles. We chose dialogues from the film and I added my dance steps to them while we were shooting. It’s called ‘AJ Theme Song’ but it doesn’t have any lyrics. It’s Ajay’s dialogues and my dancing.”

GDP growth figures spring big surprise  says SBI s Soumya Kanti GhoshGDP growth figures spring big surprise  says SBI s Soumya Kanti Ghosh
Guidelines for  Smart Cities  project to be finalised in 2-3 monthsGuidelines for 'Smart Cities' project to be finalised in 2-3 months
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov 29:  
The Centre will finalise the guidelines for the 'Smart Cities' project over the next two to three months.
According to Shankar Aggarwal, Secretary, Union Urban Development Ministry, the guidelines will include determining the commercial aspects of the project that will make it attractive for private investors and other funding details.
“In another two to three months, the guidelines for the smart cities will be ready,” he told reporters on the sidelines of a seminar organised by the MCC Chamber of Commerce and Industry here on Saturday.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Sindhu sails  Prannoy sinks in Macau OpenSindhu sails, Prannoy sinks in Macau Open
PTI
P.V Sindhu
Macau, Nov 29:  
Defending champion P.V Sindhu notched up a comfortable straight-game win in women’s singles to enter the final but young shuttler H.S Prannoy lost despite a valiant fight in the men’s singles semifinal of the Macau Grand Prix Gold here today.
The two-time World Championship bronze-medallist, Sindhu, held an all-win 4—0 record against Busanan Ongbumrungpan of Thailand before coming into the match and the Indian kept her record intact by registering her fifth win today.
The second-seeded Indian prevailed over Busanan, seeded eighth, 21—14 21—15 in a 42-minute match at the Tap Seac Multisport Pavilion.
Prannoy, on the other hand, waged a fierce battle but still failed to breach the defence of Wing Ki Wong of Hong Kong, who prevailed 21—16 16—21 21—12 in the match that lasted an hour.
In the women’s singles match, Busanan moved into an early 5—2 lead but she couldn’t keep the pressure on Sindhu and the Indian turned the tables, reaching 13—9 and didn’t allow the Thai girl to claw back to pocket the first game.
In the second game, Sindhu zoomed to 5—1 initially.
Busanan drew parity at 8—8 and 12—12 but once again she was not consistent enough to bother Sindhu.
The duo played aggressive rallies and Busan played some extraordinary shots but it was mostly followed by miscued hits which allowed Sindhu to keep her lead.
Leading 19—15, Sindhu changed the pace of the rallies as Busanan hit the shuttle out and then found the net to hand over the match and the final place to the Indian.
In the men’s singles semifinals, Wong, who had beaten world champion Chen Long at China Open early this month, rode on his better court coverage and strong defence to tame the Indian, not to mention the poor line calls.
In the first game, Prannoy showed agility to lead early on but Wong came back to draw parity at 5—5. The Indian then made some errors allowing Wong to go into the breather 11—7 ahead.
Prannoy tried to return everything that was thrown at him and his follow-ups earned him points and he led 13—11 at one point. But the Indian once again struggled with his judgement of shuttle’s length as Wong led 17—14.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Pope Francis prays at Istanbuls Blue MosqueUpdated: November 29, 2014 17:45 IST
Pope Francis prays at Istanbul’s Blue Mosque
Reuters
Tweet
AP
Pope Francis waves to journalists as he stands by Istanbul’s Grand Mufti Rahmi Yaran upon their arrival to the Blue Mosque in Istanbul on Saturday.
AP
Police patrols outside the Blue Mosque in Istanbul on Saturday. Pope Francis visited the mosque as he arrived in Istanbul for the second leg of his three-day visit to the nation.
TOPICS
pope
The Pope took off his shoes as he entered the huge mosque, before bowing his head in prayer, facing Makkah and standing next to Istanbul’s Grand Mufti Rahmi Yaran.
Pope Francis prayed silently alongside a senior Islamic cleric in Istanbul’s Blue Mosque on Saturday, in a gesture of inter-religious harmony in a country bordering the conflicts in Syria and Iraq.
Pope Francis took off his shoes as he entered the huge mosque, before bowing his head in prayer for several minutes, facing Makkah and standing next to Istanbul’s Grand Mufti Rahmi Yaran, in what a Vatican spokesman described as a joint “moment of silent adoration” of god.
A similar act by his predecessor Pope Benedict in 2006 drew criticism from conservative Catholics and some Muslims.
Several hundred people, many of them tourists, watched from behind police barriers as the Pope then walked to the nearby Aya Sofya museum, once the Christian church Hagia Sophia.
A group of school children waving Turkish and Vatican flags chanted “Long live Pope Francis” in Italian as the Muslim call to prayer rang out across the Sultan Ahmet square, the heart of Istanbul’s historic quarter.
“We must show respect for each others beliefs. God willing the pope’s visit will help in this respect,” said Halil Ibrahim Cil, 24, a hospital worker from Istanbul.
“We want to practice our religion in peace. We want people to understand Islam. We don’t want war.”
Islamic State insurgents have captured swathes of neighbouring Syria and Iraq, persecuting and killing Shia Muslims, Christians and others who do not share their ultra-radical brand of Sunni Islam.
Pope Francis said on Friday that fighting hunger and poverty, rather than military intervention alone, was key to stopping the Islamist militants.
The Blue Mosque, known officially as the Sultanahmet mosque, opened in 1616 and is the most famous in Turkey. Its popular name is a reference to the fine blue Iznik tiles in its main prayer room.

5 000 buffaloes slaughtered in Nepals animal sacrificeritualBy: Press Trust of India | Kathmandu |
Posted: November 29, 2014 5:59 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 9:41 am
Over 5,000 buffaloes have been slaughtered in a mass animal sacrifice festival in Nepal, believed to be the world’s largest such ritual, despite efforts by animal rights activists to end the “barbaric” practice.
Tens of thousands of devotees, including from India, flocked to the festival, which is held every five years at the Gadhimai temple at Bariyarpur village in Bara district of southern Nepal.
Worshippers believe the animal sacrifice, meant to appease Hindu goddess Gadhimai, brings them luck and prosperity.
5,000 buffaloes were slaughtered by some 400  slaughterers on Friday, the first day of animal sacrifice, according to police.
Thousands of goats, pigs and chickens will also be sacrificed before the festival ends on Saturday.
Organisers and the authorities defend the festival as a generations-old tradition, though animal rights activists decry it as barbaric.
However, in a sign that the campaign to end the practice may have had some impact, the number of buffaloes killed dropped to about 5,000, half the number slaughtered when the festival was last held five years ago.
India’s Supreme Court had recently ordered the government to stop the export of cattle to Nepal during the Gadhimai festival. The organising committee of the festival has banned journalists and photographers from taking pictures of slaughtering.
Meanwhile, a one-year-old child and an elderly woman from Bihar in India died during the festival on Friday.
The child died of cold while the 65-year-old woman died after she was trapped in a huge crowd.

Prestige author slams Christopher Nolans BatmantrilogyBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: November 29, 2014 5:58 pm
Christopher Priest, whose novel was adapted to the big screen for 2006 film ‘Prestige’ by Christopher Nolan, has called the director’s much-celebrated ‘The Dark Knight’ trilogy as “boring and pretentious”.
In fact, Priest feels Nolan’s best film were only ‘Memento’ and ‘Prestige’ while the Batman trilogy was “shallow and badly written.
In a video interview with French movie site Skript, Priest talked at length about his best-selling novel and revealed he initially wanted ‘American Beauty’ helmer Sam Mendes to make a film on Prestige but took a chance on talented Nolan later.
“I’ve only ever had one meeting with him, when the film was finished. Because I wasn’t very interested in him. We all have different points of view on the world. To the world he’s this great, innovative filmmaker; to me, he was a kid who wanted to get into Hollywood,” Priest said in the interview.
The author said he had a gut feeling that Nolan would do good job in translating the book to the screen about two warring magicians.
“I think its probably his best film, with Memento. Of the films he’s made, those two are supreme,” he said.
But Priest is vocal about his dislike for Nolan’s other work, especially his decision to give psychological depth to his superhero character.
“I don’t like his other work; I think its shallow and badly written. I mean, I’ve got kids who like superheroes, and they think the Batman films are boring and pretentious. They like things like The Avengers and Iron Man because they’re fun,” he said.
“It’s a wrong move to take a superhero and give it psychological realism. There is no psychological realism. He’s a bodybuilder who jumps off buildings. I’m sorry I feel really strongly about this… To me, that’s a real major lack of judgment in Nolan, to go for superhero films. I feel this very strongly.”

ET Awards live on ET.com: One hour to goUday Shankar
CEO, Star India
Meet the team of 11 who picked India Inc’s best and brightest. The ET Awards jury included some of India’s top industrialists, bankers and lawyers. Know more
NEWS
Raising a Toast to India Inc
The short-term forces are well known. Since 2011, large chunks of the economy have been gripped by policy paralysis. Companies in the natural resources sector have of course been high-profile victims, but manufacturing too has suffered as the economy has slowed. The Modi government has been seeking to break this logjam since taking charge in May with a series of reform measures. The impact this has will be reflected in time.
Exclusive Interview with Yusuf Hamied – Chairman, Cipla
Yusuf Khwaja Hamied, 78, came to the world's attention in 2001 when he said his company Cipla would make AIDS medicines for $1 a day, at a time when the disease was ravaging the poor in Africa and elsewhere and such drugs were prohibitively expensive for most. More importantly, he delivered on this pledge.
Achhe Din for Both Old and New Economy at ET Awards
The winners of the ET Awards for Corporate Excellence for 2014 are a diverse bunch, ranging from a businessman who has built India's largest pharmaceutical company by revenue and market capitalisation to rapidly growing new economy firms that are emblematic of the country's claims to technological prowess.
Nadella Heads for India, to Chair ET Awards Jury
Satya Nadella, the CEO of Microsoft Corporation, will head an 11-member jury to choose the winners of the 2014 edition of the ET Awards. Nadella, who be came only the third leader of the software company in February , will head a panel whose members include some of India's top industrialists, bankers and lawyers.
#ETAwards

8 injured in grenade blast at Srinagar s Lal Chowk8 injured in grenade blast at Srinagar s Lal Chowk
Drew Barrymore stopped by policemanDrew Barrymore stopped by policeman
Modi rues about J khand lagging behind ChhatisgarhModi rues about J khand lagging behind Chhatisgarh
And read rishi the great on this forum !!!!!0 Follower
Reposted about 16 days 10 hrs 11 min 52 sec ago by ash2014
Quantum securities came out today with a price target of 625 , AFL SHOULD ZOOM. IT`S MARGIN WOULD IMRPOVE FROM THIS QUARTER ONWARDS AS THE HIGH MARGIN WAGON ORDERS KICK IN . EXPECTED EPS AS PER QUANTUM SECTURITIES FOR FY16 SHOULD BE 78 AND FOR FY 17 93. THE BEST PART IS AS CAPEX HAS ALREADY BEEN DONE IN THE NEXT TWO YEARS OPRATING CASH FLOWS WOULD IMRPOVE DRASTICALLY ALONG WITH THE IMPROVEMENT IN ROE`S AND ROCE`S. HOPEFULLY IF THE INTEREST RATES CAME DOWN IT WOULD REDUCE THE DEBT BURDEN AND HELP REUDCE THE DEBT EQUITY RATIO. GENERALLY AUTO ANS COMPANIES GET PE MULTIPLES OF 20-30 TIMES. ONCE ROE`S IMPROVE SKY IS THE LIMIT FOR THE STOCK. TAGET PRICE FOR ME - 1500 RUPEES FOR FY 17 DISCOUNTING FY 17 BY 15-16 TIMES.
THANKS AND REGARDS

Rare Optimism Ahead of Climate Talks in LimaThe Dallas Cowboys beat the Philadelphia Eagles 38-27 Sunday night at Pennsylvania's Lincoln Financial Field. The...
Michael Perez/AP Photo

Richard Cohen Wonders Where The Real Men AreWashington Post columnist Richard Cohen wants to know where the real men are .
The type of men who, aware of repeated rapes at their college fraternity house, would speak out against the crime rather than continuing in a complacent silence. It's a fair question, and timely: Cohen's rhetorical question was prompted by the alleged gang rape of a young woman at the University of Virginia under exactly those circumstances.
"How many [fraternity brothers] learned about the rape afterward?" Cohen asked in a column published Monday . "How many heard about it that night or the next day or the next week? How many knew the names of the rapists and turned them in? How many mocked them as cowards, as unmanly types who actually fear women, or sex, or something? Where in God’s name were the men on the University of Virginia campus?"
Valid questions.
Yet, critics at Gawker and Jezebel have taken issue with the declarations of manhood coming from Cohen, who has been the subject of controversy for his published opinions on other rape cases.
As those outlets point out, Cohen is the same columnist who in 2013 tried to link Miley Cyrus' twerking to a rape in Steubenville, Ohio , the previous year. Cohen even seemed to question whether the Steubenville crime -- in which a high school student was stripped, digitally penetrated, and photographed after a party -- should be called a rape, as it was considered under Ohio law. "The first thing you should know about the so-called Steubenville Rape is that this was not a rape involving intercourse," he wrote, adding that the 16-year-old victim was "obviously... sexually mistreated" and "dehumanized."
In 2010, Cohen cheered Switzerland's refusal to extradite director Roman Polanski who, in Cohen's own words, had "sex with a 13-year-old after plying her with booze" in California in 1977 when Polanski was 44.
Cohen himself was once found by the Post to have engaged in "inappropriate behavior" toward a young female colleague , something he called a "personality dispute... nothing to do with sexual harassment as the term applies today."
"...Much as we hate to tell a Real Man what to do ," wrote Jezebel's Anna Merlan, "it would also be easier to hear Cohen more distinctly if his head wasn't jammed so frequently and so far up his own ass."
When reached by The Huffington Post Tuesday afternoon, Cohen replied by email that "Frankly... I don't give a damn about Gawker."
He had not responded to a request for additional comment at the time of publication.
More:

Focus on consumer needs is key to success: Ram CharanFocus on consumer needs is key to success, says management guru Ram Charan
Venkatesha Babu        Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 08:57 IST
Management Guru Ram Charan. Photo: Shekhar Ghosh
Converting complexity into simplicity and keeping focus on the customer are the keys to success, well-known global management consultant Ram Charan said on Saturday.
The peripatetic Charan, who was speaking at the second edition of Business Today's MindRush conclave of business leaders in New Delhi, has consulted for some of the biggest corporate houses in the world including the likes of GE and Microsoft . In India, business houses including the Aditya Birla Group and Wipro have consulted him.
Distilling decades of his management wisdom and expertise, Charan said that companies need to "keep their eye on the prize" by continuously asking themselves what can they do better for the customer.
FULL COVERAGE: MindRush 2014
Stating that good leaders don't blame external factors including government, he said: "Leaders don't commiserate or ask for it. Rather in adversity they seek / search for information. There is power in simple questions. Good leaders may face difficulties and roadblocks but they never suffer from fog (of vision and how to get there)."
Pointing out that people talk but don't practice, Charan said, "Value is in practising".
Asserting that growth comes in waves, he said that what sets apart successful leaders and companies is excellence in execution. Respecting people, learning the frame of reference and figuring a way out to jointly solve issues, were key to achieving goals, he added.
Praising the Narendra Modi government, he said it was off to a good start but more needs to be done. "India needs to build credibility and that comes from action. Economic strength comes not merely from GDP growth but having healthy forex reserves. The government needs to plan to have a $1 trillion forex reserve over the next decade or more."

Rajnath expresses concern over Islamist terrorismRajnath expresses concern over Islamist terrorism
Noida engineer to be sacked after I-T sleuths recover valuables worth Rs 100 crore37
0
Noida: The Uttar Pradesh government is in the process of suspending Noida engineer Yadav Singh after Income Tax department sleuths recovered diamonds worth Rs 100 crore, 2 kilos of gold and Rs 10 crore in cash from his residence.
Raids were carried out at two dozen locations in NCR simultaneously. It revealed that the official had floated several shell companies. It also found Rs 10 crore in cash stashed in a car outside Singh's house.
The illegal assets recovered comes as a huge embarrassment for the Akhilesh Yadav government.
#uttar pradesh #noida #noida engineer #yadav singh
Singh had been accused in another case and had been declared an absconder in 2012. But in 2013, the state government reinstated him and even gave him additional charge as Chief Engineer of Greater NOIDA and in charge of Yamuna Expressway Authority.
161

Two die in southern Algerian rioting over housing  jobsTwo die in southern Algerian rioting over housing  jobs
After Phillip Hughes death  New Zealand players wanted to abandon UAEseriesBy: Press Trust of India | Karachi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:01 pm
The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) had to contact its New Zealand counterpart in order to convince the Kiwi team to continue with its series in the United Arab Emirates following the tragic death of Australian batsman Phillip Hughes.
A well informed source in the PCB told PTI on Saturday that after the news of Hughes death in a Sydney hospital become known early Thursday morning the New Zealand players were reluctant to continue with the series.
“Understandably some of their players informed their management they were badly disturbed and shocked by Hughes death and were not in a state of mind to continue with the tour,” he said.
The source said that initially the PCB itself had decided to have a one hour’s delay to the start of the second day’s play in the third Test presently being played in Sharjah.
“But when the manager of the Pakistan team, Moin Khan contacted the board officials with the news that the New Zealand players were reluctant to even continue with the series, the senior PCB officials had to speak to their counterparts in New Zealand,” the source said.
He said it was only after the PCB pointed out to the CNZ that the board would suffer huge financial losses if the series was abandoned that they then convinced their players the series must go on.
“But the New Zealand players insisted that as a mark of respect the second day’s play should be postponed to which the PCB and Pakistan team management also agreed,” the source added.
New Zealand’s coach confirmed on Saturday that when the third Test did resume on Friday his players had deliberately avoided bowling any short pitched balls and bouncers in the Pakistan first innings as a mark of respect to Hughes.
In May, 2002 also the New Zealand team had abandoned a tour to Pakistan after a suicide bomb blast at a five star hotel just opposite to the hotel they were staying in at Karachi killed several French and Pakistani naval personel.

8 injured in grenade blast at Srinagar s Lal...You are here: Home > Collections > Srinagar
8 injured in grenade blast at Srinagar's Lal Chowk
PTI Nov 29, 2014, 06.05PM IST
Tags:
Grenade explosion
(The injured have been shifted…)
SRINAGAR: At least eight people, including a father-son duo and a CRPF sub-inspector, suffered minor injuries in a grenade blast near Palladium Cinema in busy Lal Chowk here today.
"Eight persons were injured when a militant lobbed a grenade near Palladium Cinema in Lal Chowk," a police spokesman said.
He said among the injured were a father-son duo -- Ghulam Nabi Nayak and his eight-year-old son Farooq Ahmad -- and CRPF sub-inspector Hari Ram Devakar.
"All the injured were shifted to a hospital where first aid was given to them," the spokesman said, adding, police and security forces have cordoned off the area.
SDPO Kothibagh Faisal Qayoom said police have started investigations and will be looking at the CCTV footage to track down the militant who lobbed the grenade.
This is first grenade attack in Srinagar city since militants made an abortive bid to attack an election rally in Khanyar during Lok Sabha polls earlier this year.
The attack comes as electioneering for the Assembly elections in the city has started picking up. Polls in the city will be held in the fourth phase on December 14.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Civic body  fire department grant permission for Amit Shah s rallyNov 29, 2014 at 05:37pm IST
Civic body, fire department grant permission for Amit Shah's rally
12
0
Kolkata: BJP President Amit Shah's rally, which is scheduled for Sunday, was on Saturday granted green signal by the city municipal corporation (KMC) and fire department.
"The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has granted permission to BJP President Amit Shah's rally tomorrow," Mayor in-council Debasish Kumar said.
"We have received NOCs from both the KMC and fire services for holding the rally," state BJP (office secretary) Alok Guha Roy said.
"We have received NOCs from both the KMC and fire services for holding the rally," state BJP (office secretary) Alok Guha Roy said.
#kolkata #west bengal #amit shah #amit shah rally
State party spokesman Ritesh Tiwari hailed it as a "moral victory" of BJP, which has accused the ruling Trinamool Congress of trying to create hurdles in order to stall the rally.
The rally site on Saturday was inspected by the two special officers appointed by the Calcutta High Court to ensure compliance of fire and municipal rules.
Director General of fire services Sanjoy Mukherjee and Joint Commissioner (Development) of KMC S Santra, the two special officers appointed by the HC yesterday, visited the rally site this morning.
Fire services' officials, DC (central) DP Singh, BJP leaders Tathagata Roy, Alok Guha Roy and their other party colleagues also visited the rally location on Saturday.
The Calcutta High Court had yesterday appointed the two special officers to ensure compliance of fire services and municipal rules in the public meeting, observing that the government should not be rigid in the compliance of these rules while granting permission.
0

PM Modi rues about Jharkhand lagging behind ChhatisgarhPress Trust of India | Nov 29, 2014 at 05:31pm IST
Ranchi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said while Chhatisgarh has already been developed into a new capital city in Raipur, Jharkhand lagged behind in that respect, despite the two states carved out around the same time.
"Now Chhatisgarh is strong and there is a new capital in Raipur (while) everything is on hire in Jharkhand," Modi said alluding to government offices housed in hired buildings in the eastern state.
Modi was addressing an election rally to canvass votes for BJP and Ajsu party candidates in the ensuing assembly elections.
Modi was addressing an election rally to canvass votes for BJP and Ajsu party candidates in the ensuing assembly elections.
Taking a swipe at JMM supremo Shibu Soren and his Chief Minister Son Hemant Soren, Modi said, "This father and son will not do anything expect serving their own interests.
Sometimes going with Congress and sometimes with others." To drive home his point that development could usher in Jharkhand as well, Modi recalled how he brought drinking water to Gujarat's Kutch through huge pipes when he was the chief minister.
"The father/son can drive a car through the big pipes," the Prime Minister said in a lighter vein about the Sorens.
"Change can happen. Give majority to the BJP and I will take responsibility in nursing and bringing up the state," claimed Modi.
The erstwhile Babulal Marandi-led NDA government had mooted the proposal for a "Greater Ranchi" soon after creation of the state, but it was shelved as governments fell like nine pins and Jharkhand was in the midst of electing its tenth government.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

EC issues notices to 20 parties including BJP  Congress and AAP for not filing poll expensesNov 29, 2014 at 05:23pm IST
EC issues notices to 20 parties including BJP, Congress and AAP for not filing poll expenses
32
2
New Delhi: The Election Commission (EC) on Saturday has issued show cause notices to 20 political parties including Congress, BJP, Aam Aadmi Party and Samajwadi Party for failing to file poll expenditure statements within the stipulated time.
The EC also warned these parties for withdrawing their recognition if these statements, pertaining to recently held Assembly and General elections, are not filed and sent to it within the next fortnight.
Final opportunity is being given hereby to comply with the instructions of the Commission, for filing the said expenditure statement within a fortnight from date of receipt of this letter.
The EC also warned these parties for withdrawing their recognition if these statements are not filed and sent to it within the next fortnight.
"Your attention is invited to para 16A of the Election Commission's Symbols (Reservation and Allotment) Order 1968 which envisages action against violations of lawful instructions of the Commission," the EC wrote in its communication to these parties.
21

Smoke detected from Air India flight at Kolkata airport  all 133 passengers safeNov 29, 2014 at 05:10pm IST
Smoke detected from Air India flight at Kolkata airport, all 133 passengers safe
31
0
Kolkata: An Air India fight had a closed shave when smoke was detected from the wheels at the Kolkata airport on Saturday.
The rear tyres of a Dibrugarh-Kolkata Air India flight deflated when the aircraft was taxying after landing at NSC Bose International Airport.
All the 133 passengers were safe and had deplaned using step ladders, Air India sources said. The plane was taxying on the taxi bay when the pilot felt that the rear wheels on the left had deflated.
The rear tyres of a Dibrugarh-Kolkata Air India flight deflated when the aircraft was taxying after landing at NSC Bose International Airport.
The pilot immediately informed the ground engineers, who took charge of the situation, sources said.
(Some inputs from PTI)

Nigeria president vows to hunt those behind mosque attacksNigeria president vows to hunt those behind mosque attacks
Himmat Singh  18  included in Delhi Ranji Trophy squadBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:09 pm
The DDCA’s senior selection committee headed by Yashpal Sharma rewarded teenager Himmat Singh by including him in the Gautam Gambhir-led Delhi squad that will host Saurashtra in the opening match of the Ranji Trophy starting December 7.
Another notable inclusion was left-arm pacer Pradeep Sangwan, who is now back in the fold having served an 18 month dope ban after being found positive for banned substance stanzolol, while playing for KKR in the sixth edition of Indian Premier League.
The 18-year-old Himmat has grabbed a lot of eyeballs with consistent performances for the Delhi U-19 side in the Cooch Behar Trophy and he got his maiden entry into the senior team in place of veteran batsman Mithun Manhas, who is yet to fully recover from his injury. However, Himmat might find it difficult to find a place in the playing eleven.
Manhas will appear for a fitness test on December 3 and if found 100 percent fit, he might just walk into the side.
Veteran left-arm seamer Ashish Nehra has also opted out of the first game and would be available when Delhi play their next round after nearly a two-week gap.
Apart from Gambhir and veteran Virender Sehwag, the other senior Rajat Bhatia is also there in the squad. Interestingly, Navdeep Saini, whose debut for Delhi was mired in controversy last season, has again been picked at the behest of Gambhir, who had been impressed with the brisk pace that gangly Haryana lad can work up.
Off-spinner Shivam Sharma, who impressed everyone while playing for Kings XI Punjab in the last IPL has also been included.
The other specialist spinner in the squad is slow left-arm bowler Varun Sood, who pipped Pawan Negi to seal his berth. Interestingly, Negi was the ‘Player of the Final’ in the Champions League T20 with figures of 5/22 for Chennai Super Kings.
Squad: Gautam Gambhir (captain), Virender Sehwag, Unmukt Chand, Milind Kumar, Vaibhav Rawal, Rajat Bhatia, Puneet Bisht (wk), Parvinder Awana, Navdeep Saini, Sumit Narwal, Varun Sood, Shivam Sharma, Himmat Singh, Pradeep Sangwan, Dhruv Shorey. Coach: Vijay Dahiya. Manager: Manoj Kapoor.

EMBARGOED Marie Arana appointed co-director of National Book Festivalembargoed marie arana appointed co-director of national book festival
SAIL offloads full stake in Bokaro cement JV; gets Rs 235-crSAIL offloads full stake in Bokaro cement JV; gets Rs 235-cr
Reap demographic dividend with education and skills: PresidentReap demographic dividend with education and skills: President
Srinagar: 7 civilians and 1 CRPF jawan injured in Grenade blast at Lal ChowkSrinagar: 7 civilians and 1 CRPF jawan injured in Grenade blast at Lal Chowk
Gift Guide: Oh my! Lots of tablet choices  from iPad iOS  Google s Android  Microsoft s WindowsIndian rupee below 62 against US dollar for long will be a worry, says official, hints 'not talking about weather'
People tend to hold onto tablets longer than smartphones, so take time to weigh your options. A major consideration is what phone you or your gift recipient already has. Although it’s possible for Android owners to have Apple’s iPads, for instance, there are advantages to sticking within the same system. You often can buy apps just once and share them across both devices, and you don’t need to learn two different systems.
Here are some buying tips organized by system. Prices listed are for base models. You can typically spend more for additional storage or LTE cellular connectivity.
APPLE’S iOS
The iPad remains top of the line among tablets. The selection of apps designed specifically for it is unmatched. Those who already have iPhones will appreciate the ability to start email and other tasks on one device and finish on the other. You can even make phone calls from iPads, if you have an iPhone on the same Wi-Fi network.
The downside is the $499 price tag for the latest full-size model, the iPad Air 2. Many Android tablets are cheaper. You do get a light and skinny device for the price, with a camera that matches the iPhone’s 8 megapixels (though the iPad still lacks a flash). The new Air also has a fingerprint sensor to bypass security passcodes and to authorize online purchases using Apple Pay. It won’t work with in-store payments, though.
If you are on a budget or want a smaller device, consider last year’s iPad Mini 2 for $299. This year’s Mini doesn’t have many improvements over last year’s model, except for the fingerprint and Apple Pay capabilities. The convenience might not be worth spending more for the $399 iPad Mini 3.
You might consider putting the savings toward a mid-tier or higher-end model. With both the Air 2 and the Mini 3, you can upgrade to 64 gigabytes of storage from 16 GB for just $100 more. Or get 128 GB for $200 more than the base model.
GOOGLE’S ANDROID
Android phones and tablets don’t let you switch back and forth as easily as Apple devices do. The advantage of sticking with an Android tablet for Android phone owners is having a unified library of apps.
Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S is the best of the Android tablets I’ve tried. The display uses a technology called AMOLED to produce colors that pop out as you view video or browse the Web. But the Tab S also comes with a high price tag – $500 for the full-size model and $400 for the smaller one.
Samsung does offer an even-pricier Pro series, with screens of up to 12.2 inches diagonally, but that’s really aimed at professionals. Full-size models tend to be nine or 10 inches, while mini models are seven or eight inches. At the small and cheap end, Samsung offers the 7-inch Galaxy Tab 4 for about $180. Book lovers can choose a Nook edition, made in partnership with Barnes & Noble.
Google’s $399 Nexus 9 has the advantage of running an Android version that’s closest to Google’s vision. Samsung and other manufacturers typically add their own twists, which can confuse consumers. The Nexus does have a wireless chip for in-store mobile payments using Google Wallet, if you feel like waving it around in the checkout line.
I’m including Amazon’s Fire HDX tablets under Android, even though the system’s been modified so much that there’s little resemblance. App selection isn’t as good as what you get on purer Android devices. But Amazon is able to add such features as one-button access to live video help. It is great for first-time tablet owners and comes at a nice price – the full-size model for $379 and the smaller one for $179.
MICROSOFT’S WINDOWS
Until Windows 10 comes out next year, there’s a huge divide between Windows phones and Windows tablets. Apps aren’t compatible, and Windows tablets have more in common with Windows desktops and laptops. A Windows tablet is best suited for someone looking to replace a PC. In fact, many Windows tablets are just laptops with detachable keyboards.
There are too many models to list, so I’ll use Microsoft’s own Surface Pro 3 as an example. You type on a touch screen or attach a $130 keyboard cover. The Surface itself starts at $799, though configurations go as high as $1,949 for those serious about ditching the PC. The Surface’s built-in kickstand can be adjusted to a range of positions, some better for desks and others for the lap. The best thing about Windows tablets is their ability to run regular Windows software, such as Office and Photoshop. Other tablets have, at best, a light version.
TAGS: Apple IOS Google Android Microsoft Windows Tablets
More from industry

Ferguson church fireComments
Pastor Carlton Lee of the Flood Christian Church has Thanksgiving dinner at his family’s home in Florissant, Mo., on Nov 27, 2014. His church was gutted by fire following a grand jury’s decision not to indict the police officer who killed Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo. (Eric Thayer/for The Washington Post)
By Wesley Lowery November 28 Follow @WesleyLowery
FLORISSANT, Mo. — Clutching hands, about 30 members of the Lee family stood over the Thanksgiving spread. Before they could eat, family tradition dictates, they had to go around the room saying what they were thankful for.
First went the grandchildren and young cousins, who quickly declared that they were thankful for the food and for family, before passing the spotlight to the next one. (One did say thanks for his new girlfriend, prompting raised eyebrows and interested whispers from several nosy aunts.)
Then came the adults, who gave thanks for new jobs, children who are starting college and newly born grandchildren.
And then, once everyone else in the family had spoken, it was Pastor Carlton Lee’s turn. Just a few days earlier, the church that is his livelihood and his love had been destroyed by fire in the violence that engulfed Ferguson after residents learned that the white officer who shot and killed Michael Brown would not be charged by a state grand jury.
No one would blame Lee — who is the Brown family pastor — if it was a bit difficult to be thankful this year. With the whole family watching his crestfallen face, Lee took a deep breath, and began: “This last couple days had just been crazy. . . . Since August the ninth, it’s been real crazy.” Still, he said, “I’m thankful for life, and for my wife, my children, our parents. . . . If I lose everything that I have, but I still have my joy, I have enough to build it all over again.”
The Flood Christian Church is seen November 27, 2014 in Ferguson, Missouri. (Eric Thayer/Eric Thayer for The Washington Post)
As chaos engulfed several Ferguson streets Monday, Lee tried unsuccessfully to chase away looters and put out fires along West Florissant Avenue. Then his phone rang.
The officer on the other end of the line told him that he needed to get to his church right away. By the time Lee arrived, the cinder-block structure had been gutted by flames.
“We all know the church got set on fire,” Lee said. “I put everything I had into the church. And to see the smoke shooting out and fire shooting out, it really did something to me.”
As they had Monday night, thick tears welled in his eyes.
Although other buildings were burned during the violence that consumed much of Ferguson on Monday, the flames at Flood Christian Church were different. The church building, purchased in March by the 31-year-old Lee, sits well outside the area where things were violent, far from the riots. The glass storefronts on each side remain unscathed.
An arson unit with the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives is investigating the fire, which Lee and other community members are convinced was a targeted attack.
Buying the church property — which once housed an auto repair shop — took everything Lee had. It cost all of his savings, and all of the money he had put away for his children, to front the $160,000.
In the year and a half since first finding the building, Lee has built his congregation to about 75 regular members, including Michael Brown Sr. and his wife, Cal, whom he married in July.
A week before the fire, Michael Brown Sr. had been dipped in the water of the baptismal pool.
The two had vowed to bring his son, who they said had just accepted Christ, but he was killed before his first Sunday service.
At first, Lee remained in the background as other preachers with national profiles descended on Ferguson and became spokesmen for the Brown family after the death. Lee held private counseling sessions each Tuesday with Michael Brown Sr.
In September, when it seemed less likely with each passing day that police Officer Darren Wilson would be charged, he broke his silence. He signed up to be a regional representative for Al Sharpton’s National Action Network. He declared publicly, for the first time, that he believed Wilson should be arrested.
That’s when hateful messages and death threats started — from Wilson supporters, from white supremacist groups and from Internet bigots.
“Seventy-one death threats. But I’ll never forget what one man said to me: ‘I’m going to come pick you up with all you other hateful n----- preachers and put you all in your church and burn you straight to hell.’ ”
All that is left of the church, Lee says, is the charred banner that had hung proudly at the front door.
As he ate his plate of turkey and fixings, he teased his young nieces and nephews. He doted over his mother. And he endured sharp ribbing from siblings.
“You want the real story on Little Carlton?” jests Roshion McKinley, who grew up with Lee and considers him a brother. “It was just last year that we taught him to stop peeing the bed.”
The whole family burst into laughter.
Even as Lee laughed with his family, the church occupied his mind. He describes it like the loss of a child. How he is going to rebuild is his singular focus.
While online donors have given hundreds of thousands of dollars to several of the businesses that were burned to the ground, a crowdfunding page for Lee’s congregation registered just $2,000 as of Thursday night.
But even without a building, Flood Christian Church will meet on Sunday. The congregation plans to set up chairs in the parking lot, and a few of Lee’s uncles pledged to work security.
“No matter what we all have been through, we are still here,” Lee said. This has been a very trying couple of days, but we’re going to make it. We’re not running. We’re not backing down.”
Wesley Lowery covers Capitol Hill for The Fix and Post Politics.

Traditional decor gets a creative makeoverDesign classic – the Landi chair
“The sparkling fruits on the Christmas table are inspired by the stories our parents/grandparents told us about how, when they were children in the 1940s, they would only be given an orange for Christmas and this in itself became something to be treasured. I remember when I was little receiving a Christmas stocking from St Nicholas that was full of clementines, walnuts and chocolates – it was magical.
“For my Christmas design, I wanted to decorate the simple fruits that you find in winter: oranges, apples and clementines, to embellish the Christmas table. I imagined what I would have done if I were a mother to surprise my kids in those hard days in the past. I would transform the fruits to make them resemble jewels in the candlelight.
“So I pinned some sequins and pearls on to the fruit. For me the ideal Christmas is when people make the gifts themselves.
“These decorated fruits are a good reflection of my design style. They are colourful and I like their handmade approach. They are inspired by popular culture, like much of my work.
“It’s a cross section between something that might come from Mexico or a country in Asia. And I like the idea of transforming an everyday object, a piece of fruit, with just a few sequins or glitter. Just as women in the countryside once transformed objects using straw, branches, pine cones, this is what I try to do in my work – add poetry, colour and magic to everyday things, with the sensitivity of an artisan.”
Tricia Guild
Interior designer and retailer
“When entertaining family and friends at Christmas I find all those small but thoughtful details – such as the choice of the ribbon for the wrapped gift, or the decoration on the tree – help to make the time more memorable. I love to use colour to bring personality and character to the table, perhaps cobalt blue with flashes of hot pink or cool lilac. These colours bring a sense of warmth and festivity to a space, yet are also contemporary and vibrant.
“I dress the table with coloured linen and candles in a variety of shades, combined with pure white linen and a mixture of tableware – coloured and white ceramics.
“Each place has a handwritten name tag and a little surprise, such as a chocolate or two or even a quirky bauble. Gifts are individually and uniquely wrapped, each one different to the next; I use thin strips of fabrics, twine, string and ribbons to add a special detail.
“Around the house festive touches such as branches festooned with decorations and ribbons, masses of candles and flower garlands, that I make with my granddaughter, are both hung and arranged.”
Charles Edwards
Lighting designer
“Christmas conjures up all sorts of memories for me – from being with an Italian girlfriend in the Piazza Navona in Rome on New Year’s eve, to spending a surprisingly happy Christmas at an abandoned coach house after my parents’ house was bombed towards the end of the war. After the ruin we had left, the cosiness of the little house made up for the lack of comfort.
“The best Christmases are not overblown. Spending a fortune on decorations and buying expensive presents for people who already have everything they need is ultimately rather vulgar. Christmas should be about looking out for other people. When my family lived in London, we almost always had at least one waif and stray staying with us.
“The lights I have chosen for this display are decorative, gold or silver. Elegance and attention to detail are the only other common threads, as I wanted to choose lights that hint at the range we make. Variety is a vital part of successful interior design.
“Many of the lights are inspired by 19th and 20th-century designs and the team at my Wimbledon workshop takes great pride in making sure the detail and craftsmanship is every bit as good as the originals.
“I still love all sorts of things about Christmas and I am particularly fond of the carol services, but I definitely breathe a big sigh of relief when the whole thing is over and normality resumes. If I find it all too much, I retreat with a DVD of Withnail and I and a bottle of ginger beer . . .”
Harriet Anstruther
Contemporary interior designer
“I rather dread Christmas. For me, the festive season consists of ignoring traditional social expectations, wearing sweatpants, watching back-to-back second-rate films and scoffing eggy noodles in the dark.
“So I have pulled myself together and decided to think of others. The concept behind these Christmas interiors is more about the mutual celebration of getting through another year, and time off together with friends and family.
“The word ‘hall’ is thought to derive from the Old English word heall, which refers to a covered space where the public life of a household proceeded, or an empty space in which to entertain. In reality, it is now invariably a space filled with keys, schoolbags, unopened mail and coats, and is rarely an empty or separate space. Nevertheless, an entrance, lobby or inner hall should, quite literally, aim to entrance, to fill with wonder and delight, beckoning in guests and family alike.
“My Christmas hall is one in which the birds represent people; people with the occasional but inevitable desire to fly away from everyone. It also celebrates the comforting darker, colder months with bright colour and candles that cast a soft, fluid, warming light at the centre of the home. The mixing of old junk shop finds and inherited pieces with modern and contemporary things, creates an eclectic amalgam of silhouettes, colour, light, materiality and context.”
Sheridan Coakley
Furniture retailer and manufacturer
“I really enjoy Christmas, it’s the best time of year to spend relaxing with friends and family. In our characteristically classic style, we have chosen a collection of modern and vintage products for the SCP grotto [named after Coakley’s furniture store].
“Everything is centred on the Oscar sofa by Matthew Hilton, which we make using sustainable materials at our specialist factory in Norfolk. This particular version is upholstered in a dark blue velvet. The design itself is a fine example of what SCP does best – take existing product typologies and update them for the modern world. Matthew Hilton has a real talent for this.
“Alongside the sofa is a pair of Jasper Morrison side tables, which have been reissued in 2014; the originals were launched back in 1986. These, along with Terence Woodgate’s Sax coffee table in front of the sofa, are all about form and function: simple, elegant and useful. To add some colour and vibrancy to the scene we have used cushions from the latest Donna Wilson collection, a vintage hand-sewn Ralli quilt from Pakistan and a beautiful Moldovan flat-weave rug.
“On the side table we have placed a new product from emerging US designers Fort Standard, the Infinite Tree. The coffee table has the all-important vintage Picquot Ware tea set and tray on it, Christmas needs good cups of tea. Our wall is adorned with antlers, which feels fittingly northern European. The scene is lit by a Mantis floor light from the designer and sculptor Bernard Schottlander. It is a delightful piece that has been recently issued based on his 1951 designs. The Parallel shelving system by Terence Woodgate in the background is adorned with a colourful collection of vintage German vases, which have some wonderfully tactile glazes on them.”
Afroditi Krassa
Product and interior designer
“Christmas is all about darkness and light. I remember as a child waking up in the middle of the night and the Christmas tree lights would be on, overloaded with glitzy decoration. No matter how cold and grim it was outside, I felt warm, loved and protected. So, we decided to recreate the iconic shape of a Christmas tree with light alone. We suspended 15 Pentagon Pendants from the AKollection, our own signature collection of products, over an imaginary tree. The pendants are made in mirror glass and are shown in two colours: pink rosé and smoked bronze.
“We also added some glamorously sleek presents at the bottom, three boxes made in bevelled mirrored glass, which are part of the Pleat Mirror Panels range. There is no need for a traditional Christmas tree; this is an ethereal and ghostlike version of this seasonal must-have.
“Simplicity, wit and storytelling are constant points of reference for the interior design work that we produce at the studio. And just like Christmas, I am asked to design spaces that ultimately make people feel good, Christmas or not. They say that the secret to the groundbreaking music of Pink Floyd is not what they added but what they took out. So, when excess and ‘loudness’ is the name of the game, it is good to start questioning what are the things that matter the most to all of us.”
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Crude plunges 10%  dragging down energy sharesCrude plunges 10%, dragging down energy shares
By: Adam Shell November 28, 2014 7:37 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Crude oil plunged more than 10% a barrel Friday to its lowest level in more than five years after OPEC opted not to cut production in a world awash in oil. The OPEC decision roiled markets, pushing energy shares sharply lower but sending airline shares skyward.
At its low point Friday, a barrel of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude tumbled as low as 65.92, the first time it has been below $70 a barrel since 2010, according to indexmundi.com. Using monthly prices,  WTI tumbled to its lowest level since it dipped below $65 a barrel back in July 2009. The double-digit percentage drop was its biggest one-day slump in five years, according to Bloomberg.
Crude was down $7.50 per barrel, or 10.17%, to $66.26, at 1:44 p.m. ET, according to Yahoo Finance.
OPEC, the Middle East cartel which once dominated the oil business before competitors emerged from other corners of the globe, opted to keep their daily production level unchanged despite plunging crude prices and ample supply around the globe.
OPEC’s decision not to reduce the amount of oil that they pump out of the ground sent oil prices, which have been in freefall for weeks, tumbling further to a fresh 5-year low. OPEC’s move is the latest sign that they are willing to wage a price war and keep their current market share intact and pressure upstart U.S. oil players.
Sinking crude prices puts major pressure on the USA’s burgeoning shale business, as U.S.-style “fracking” is a more expensive way to extract oil. Lower oil prices puts great pressure on U.S. oil producers’ profit margins and makes it much more difficult for them to run profitable businesses.
The OPEC decision, which comes amid a glut of oil due in part to a fresh supply coming out of the suddenly energy-rich U.S., moved stocks in the airline sector up and pushed energy stocks down sharply.
The big beneficiaries of lower energy costs are U.S. air carriers. Airlines ranging from American Airlines to United Continental saw their shares rise sharply as investors price in bigger profits due to lower costs for fuel.
Airline stocks closed sharply higher:
JetBlue ( JBLU ) shares rose $1.03, or 7.6%, to $14.63.
United Continental ( UAL ) rallied $4.63, or 8.2%, to $61.23.
American Airlines ( AAL ) rose $3.56, or 7.9%, to $48.53.
Delta Air Lines ( DAL )  jumped $2.43, or 5.5%, to $46.67.
Southwest Airlines ( LUV ) gained $2.54, or 6.5%, to $41.82.
Energy shares, however, were hit hard by the plunging crude prices:
Exxon-Mobil ( XOM ) was down $3.94, or 4.2%, to $90.54.
Chevron ( CVX ) was off $6.24, or 5.4%, to $108.87.
BP ( BP ) was down $2.27, or 5.5%, to $39.32.
The oil services field players also got crushed:
Halliburton ( HAL ) was down $5.14, or 10.9%, to $42.20.
Schlumberger ( SLB ) fell $6.86, or 7.4%, to $85.95.
 

How Street treated 7 key retailers on Black FridaySHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Shoppers enter the Macy’s Herald Square store in New York on Thanksgiving 2014. (John Taggart, EPA)
All but one of the key retailers identified as key stocks to watch on Black Friday saw their stocks rise on what’s traditionally the busiest shopping day of the year.
Heading into the Super Bowl of shopping, USA TODAY’s Matt Krantz narrowed down the retail sector to seven key stocks to watch. Here is how the stocks of these key retail players —  and the major players in their respective retail spaces —  performed on Black Friday.
These seven stocks are your barometer to the holidays:
* Big box. Walmart. ( WMT  +$2.56, or 3.0%, to $87.54) When you think Black Friday, you probably think first of the mob of people practically busting down the doors of the local Walmart. It’s the biggest retailer by far, and the one worth watching. The big-box retailer opened its doors on Thanksgiving, and the shoppers came to shop after Turkey dinner, and returned Friday in droves. Thursday was its “second-highest online sales day ever — topped only by Cyber Monday last year,” Laura Phillips, Walmart U.S. merchandising senior vice president, said in a statement. She said Walmart “welcomed more than 22 million customers to our stores on Thanksgiving — that’s more than the number of people who visit Disneyland in an entire year.”
* High-end. Tiffany. ( TIF  +$1.71, or 1.6%, to $107.92) Tiffany is where the other half shops. Blue boxes and lots of bling are indicators of how the well-heeled are feeling about the economy. The stock has been a strong performer all year, so strong that shares are now above their 18-month analyst target of $104.48. Wall Street appears to be betting that the wealthy, boosted by a record-setting stock market this year, will be out buying this holiday season.
* Gadgets. Apple. ( AAPL  -7 cents, or -0.1%, to $118.93) Already have an iPhone? That’s OK. Just buy another one. Seems like consumers have endless budgets for Apple gadgets and the company is willing to serve up these high-priced items during the holidays. The stock has been on a tear this year, gaining nearly 50%. That’s a remarkable rally for a stock of this size. But analysts see the company boosting its market share due to the larger iPhone, which finally catches up to the larger screens of competitors. Analysts have a $118.88 18-month price target on the stock, so if the stock can bust through, that would be telling.
* Home improvement. Home Depot. ( HD  +$1.70, or 1.7%, to $99.40) What’s better than a power drill for the holidays? Investors are hoping the answer is “not much.” Home Depot isn’t just a benchmark for retail, but for the housing market. Shares are up a respectable 20% this year as housing comes back.
* Department Store. Macy’s. ( M  +$1.38, or 2.2%, to $64.91) Department stores are fighting to stay relevant with consumers. And Macy’s is the giant trying to make this happen. Investors are seeing the vision, sending shares up more than 20% this year, but they’ll be watching the company’s revenue closely. It’s one thing to cut costs, but retailers need to get consumers into the door. And Macy’s did just that on Thanksgiving, with an estimated 15,000 shoppers clamoring for deals in its flagship store in New York City, according to a USA TODAY reporter on site.
* Big TV sellers. Best Buy. ( BBY   +66 cents, or 1.7%, to $39.41) Best Buy is faring well, despite suffering a bad break: Its Internet site went down on Black Friday. “A concentrated spike in mobile traffic triggered issues that led us to shut down BestBuy.com in order to take proactive measures to restore full performance,” the company said in a statement early Friday. “Our consumers can return to BestBuy.com in the next several hours to take advantage of today’s door busters.”
Best Buy is a fascinating retail story because of what it says about electronics sales, as well as the battle with online sellers. The company’s mix of electronics indicates the tastes and trends of consumers in an increasingly digital world. But the company has been struggling to stay relevant amid cutthroat online competition. Shares were down 2.8% this year heading into Friday’s trading session, but have run up 9% in the previous five trading days.
* Online seller. Amazon. ( AMZN  +$5.07, or 1.5%, to $338.64) So far so good on Black Friday for the Jeff Bezos-led online retail giant. Still, investors’ patience with Amazon is starting to wear thin. Losses were acceptable when the company was a young up-and-comer, but now, investors want to see results. Meanwhile, the company is pushing a smartphone that doesn’t appear to be catching on with consumers. Shares of Amazon were down 16% for the year heading into Black Friday, making it the worst performer of the key retail stocks investors we are monitoring.
 

Karnataka sugar mills agree to start crushing from Nov 30Karnataka sugar mills agree to start crushing from Nov 30
Mahesh Kulkarni | Bengaluru Nov 29, 2014 01:10 PM IST
Sugar mills in Karnataka have decided to commence cane crushing for the current season (October 2014-September 2015) from November 30, 2014. The move comes after the South Indian Sugar Mills' Association (SISMA) representatives met Chief Minister Siddaramaiah at Kalaburagi on Friday.
Earlier this week, the state government had warned the sugar mills that it would take over control of the mills if they fail to resume crushing by November 30.
"We had a meeting with chief minister at Kalaburagi yesterday and requested for more time to pay arrears to farmers for the year 2013-14. He has agreed to give us additional time to make the payment in two installments. Mills will pay the first installment of Rs 200/tonne in the next few days. The government has agreed to give us a moratorium of two years for the payment of second installment of another Rs 200/tonne," Pawan Kumar, President, SISMA told Business Standard.
He said mills expressed their inability to pay the entire arrears amounting to Rs 1,803 crore immediately considering the fall in sugar prices. The realization has come down to Rs 2,250 per quintal in the open market, he said.
However, for the current sugar season, the government has directed mills to pay as per the fair and remunerative price (FRP) announced by the Central government. The FRP is fixed at Rs 2,200 per tonne for a recovery of 9.5% as first installment and after the close of crushing season, they have to calculate profits from the sale of sugar and by-products and share 70% of it with farmers as second installment.
Around 40 mills out of 60 operational had either suspended or deferred crushing for the current year after the Karnataka High Court in its order on November 6 directed mills to pay state advisory price of Rs 2,500 per tonne for 2013-14 season. A large number of mills had paid up to Rs 2,000 per tonne last year and kept arrears pending, which exceeded Rs 3,000 crore. Subsequently, some mills had made a part payment at the end of the last crushing season.
With a solution worked out at Friday's meeting with the chief minister in Kalaburagi, mills decided to commence crushing. Already, EID Parry started operations on Friday evening. Many other mills are commencing operations today and a few others are reopening on Sunday, Kumar said.
Meanwhile, farmers in the districts of Belgaum, Vijayapura and Bagalkot had started supplying their cane to mills in Maharashtra for better prices. "As the standing crop had started wilting, it was inevitable for us to cut it and supply to mills in the neighbouring state," said Shrimanth Duddagi, a farmer in Vijayapura district.
Karnataka is the third largest producer of sugar in the country with annual share of 13%. For 2013-14, Karnataka produced 4.18 million tonne of sugar compared to 3.39 million tonne in the previous year, showing a growth of 23.3%. The recovery of sugar went up 58 basis points to 10.98%. Cane crushing went up 16.6% to 38.1 million tonne during the year compared to 32.7 million tonne in 2012-13 season.
About 60 mills were operational with a combined capacity of 273,950 TCD (tonnes crushed per day) during this year as against 57 last year.

ISIS  recruit  sent to NIA custody till Dec 8After Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
A special National Investigation Agency (NIA) court  remanded alleged ISIS ‘recruit’ Arif Majeed in the probe agency’s custody till December 8, observing that his custodial interrogation was necessary.
The NIA today told the court that they want to unearth the entire conspiracy from Majeed’s ‘recruitment’ to the role played by him in the ‘war’ (for an Islamic state).
The agency also told special NIA judge P R Deshmukh that three other youths, who had joined the UN banned terror outfit, along with Majeed are shown as wanted in the case.
“We also want to investigate the kind of training that Majeed was imparted before joining the ISIS forces,” NIA’s prosecutor told the court.
In the court, when asked by the judge, Majeed told his name and replied in the negative when asked whether he had any complainants against the NIA.
The 23-year-old youth from neighbouring landed in Mumbai yesterday following which he was immediately detained by the security agencies, and later arrested.
A case under sections of Unlawful Assembly Prevention Act (UAPA) and section 125 of IPC which deals with waging war against any Asiatic country which has friendly ties with India, was registered against ISIS, Majeed and other three other youngsters.
According to police, the four engineering students flew to Baghdad on May 23 as part of a group of 22 pilgrims to visit religious shrines in Iraq.
The next day Arif had called his family from Baghdad and apologised for having left without informing them. Upon returning to India, other pilgrims had told police that Arif, Fahad, Aman and Shaheen had hired a taxi to Fallujah, a city west of Baghdad which had emerged as the epicentre of Iraq’s deadly insurgency.
On August 26, Shaheen Tanki called up Arif’s family and told them that their son had become a ‘martyr’ claiming that the latter died fighting for ISIS in Syria
Accordingly the next day, Arif’s family performed ‘Janaza-e-gayabana’ (prayers for the departed soul in absence of the body) in Kalyan.
Recently, Arif’s father Ejaz Majeed had reportedly met the NIA and told them his son had fled from the IS-controlled areas to Turkey after fighting for the militant group for nearly three months and wants to return to India.
TAGS: ISIS National Investigation Agency
More from miscellaneous

Rajnath slams Pakistan over attacks in IndiaRajnath accuses Pakistan of destabilising India
Digambar Patowary , Hindustan Times  Guwahati, November 29, 2014
First Published: 10:52 IST(29/11/2014) | Last Updated: 19:26 IST(29/11/2014)
Comments
Union home minister Rajnath Singh accused Saturday Pakistani "state actors" of trying to destabilise India, coming down hard on the nuclear-armed neighbour close on the heels of a fierce encounter in Jammu and Kashmir that killed at least 10 people.
Addressing the 49th All India DGPs and IGPs conference in Guwahati, Singh also underlined the security threats India was faced with and talked about the challenges posed by militants groups Islamic State and al Qaeda.
Pointing to the attack earlier this week on an army patrol in Kashmir, Singh said Pakistan's claim that "non-state actors are behind such incidents is not true".
Questioning the role of spy agency Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), he asked, "Pakistan claims non-state actors are behind such incidents (of terrorism)... I ask is ISI also non-state actor?"
"It is unfortunate Pakistan does not mend its ways."
The home minister had raked up the issue in his address at the recently held Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, saying terrorism in India was "completely Pakistan-sponsored".  
Singh's remarks in Guwahati came against the backdrop of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc) summit held earlier this week in Nepal that was overshadowed by India and Pakistan's rivalry and ended with little progress towards regional integration.
Singh, in his speech, also voiced concerns about Indian youngsters joining the Islamic State (also known as IS, or ISIS, or ISIL).
A day after Areeb Majeed, a youth from Kalyan who had joined the West Asian group, returned to Mumbai, Singh said, "There are some misguided youth who are getting attracted to... organisations like the ISIS."
"We are concerned about the fact that Indian youngsters are getting drawn to Islamic State."
"Even though ISIS was born in Iraq and Syria, the Indian subcontinent cannot stay untouched by it -- we need to be aware of that reality," Singh said.
The home minister added al Qaeda was a serious threat to India, and the central government had not taken it lightly.
"There may be many terrorist organisations in the world but the government will not allow them to get a foothold in India," he said.
The home minister stressed al Qaeda would not succeed in India, referring to a threat issued by the terror outfit's chief, Ayman al-Zawahiri, to spread its base in the country.
"We can't take al Qaeda's threat of turning India into an Islamic state lightly. It is a challenge to us... Our security agencies are capable enough to deal any security challenge," Singh said.
On the October 2 Burdwan blasts, Singh said the West Bengal police and National Investigation Agency were playing crucial roles in the probe.
The blast took place at a house in Burdwan district's Khagragarh area, killing two alleged Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh militants and injuring another.
Singh congratulated the Bengal police Saturday for busting a terror operation in the state.
"A terrorist network has been busted in West Bengal; I congratulate the West Bengal police and NIA who are playing an important role in exposing the network. On the basis of the capability of the security forces, I can say that we are ready to face any kind of challenge," he said.
Stressing the need for modernisation of country's police forces, the Union home minister also asked all the state governments to fill up vacancies in their respective police forces.
Directors general of police (DGPs), inspectors general of police (IGPs) from all states and Union territories, heads of all paramilitary forces, officials from the Intelligence Bureau and all chief ministers of the northeastern states are taking part in the two-day conference in Guwahati.
Singh admitted there was lack of development in the northeast. "Let me assure you, we are committed towards a comprehensive development of this region."
Singh urged all the northeastern states to fill up vacancies in the police forces and assured them of all possible help.
Rajnath Singh slams Pak over terrorism, says its state actors behind attacks in India?
(With IANS and AFP inputs)

PubliCon 2014: Publishing Across PlatformPubliCon 2014: Publishing Across Platform
Ganja worth Rs two crore seized  four arrestedGanja worth Rs two crore seized  four arrested
Court drops protester deaths case against MubarakLast updated: November 29, 2014 2:53 pm
Egyptian court drops case against Mubarak over protester deaths
Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/389a4578-77b2-11e4-9f13-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold price reverses overnight on withdrawal of 80:20 schemeGold prices reverse overnight on withdrawal of 80:20 scheme
Dilip Kumar Jha | Mumbai Nov 29, 2014 09:11 PM IST
In a sharp reversal, spot gold was sold at a discount of 1-1.5 per cent in Zaveri Bazaar here on Saturday, following the government’s move to scrap the 80:20 import scheme. Until Friday evening, the commodity was being sold at a premium of $12.
Bullion dealers hoarding gold amid fear of fresh restrictions have now started releasing the commodity into the market gradually to cut losses.
In Mumbai, standard gold was quoted at Rs 26,300/10g, against the cost of import of Rs 26,600-26,650/10g, a discount of $5-6. In the London market, gold fell $24/ounce on Friday to settle at $1,167.9 an ounce.
“Mostly, jewellers hedge their risk in the spot market and book the quantity equivalent to their daily sales to maintain the inventory equilibrium. But in special cases, we avail of bank credit to buy additional gold in anticipation of a surge in occasional spot demand. Bullion dealers who book the quantity at prices lower than the prevailing price, extend the difference to their customers,” said Kumar Jain, partner, Umedmal Tilokchand Zaveri, a city-based bullion dealer.
Till Friday evening, bullion dealers were holding inventory, anticipating the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would tighten gold import norms. However, the central bank scrapped the 80:20 scheme, 14 months after its imposition.
The decision has led to jewellers being unsure about the unsold quantity that was imported and stored in Customs warehouses by Friday evening. “We are awaiting a clarification from RBI on whether the imported gold will be distributed according to the pre-80:20 system or whether a new set of guidelines will be issued for distribution of the stored quantity. Until then, jewellers will have to wait for the fresh purchase lot,” said Vipul Soni, chairman of All India Gems & Jewellery Trade Federation.
A clarification is also awaited on the quantity of exports already committed by Indian jewellers. Most jewellers had stopped using the overdraft facility (availing of gold loans as working capital from banks) due to non-availability of adequate gold under the 80:20 scheme, squeezing operations. Now, with adequate availability of gold, the abandoned operational capacity will be restored. Investment demand in gold, at a near standstill due to jewellers staying away from coin and bar sales, will also get a fresh lease of life. This will result in a rise in imports through the official channel.
In October, gold imports stood at 150 tonnes, against 143 tonnes in September as buyers built stocks at lower price to meet the upcoming festive and wedding season demand.

Blackmoney: CBDT orders probe against select real estate firmsTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
CBDT has ordered an Income Tax department investigation against a number of real estate developers who were recently shown by an investigative portal to be willing to accept alleged black money in property transactions.
The apex authority of the I-T department has asked its investigation units across the country to furnish to it reports of any action or probe conducted against the groups named by the portal in the past and in case such an action has not been done, the Central Board of Direct Taxes has ordered the same to be initiated.
“The CBDT has asked the investigation units of the I-T department that all these reports should reach it by the first fortnight of December,” a senior official said.
The investigation done by portal Cobrapost.com included many developers from the national capital region and those from other parts of the country including Mumbai.
While releasing the transcripts and video recordings of its investigation at a press conference here, the portal said that executives from these companies, including some CEOs and CMDs, were ready to accept anywhere between 10-80 per cent of the property value in black money.
These 35 real estate companies under scanner are spread across the national capital, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Rajasthan, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Karnataka.
While some companies had outrightly rejected the allegations that they accept black money in their property transactions, a few others had said that they have already taken action against the concerned executives.
The portal said that most of these executives expressed willingness to accept money abroad through hawala channels, including in Dubai, Bangkok, Singapore and the US.
The findings of this investigation, named ‘Operation Black Ninja’, have come at a time when the government is making all efforts to bring back unaccounted money stashed by Indian citizens abroad.
TAGS: Black Money Cobrapost Income Tax Real Estate
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Manaiviyey Manithanin Manickam (1959)Tamil cinema
In the 1950s, Krishnamachari Balajee, a handsome young man from a top Madras High Court lawyer’s family, started out with a modest job in Madras Telephones, later joining the production department of Narasu Studios. Soon, he was starring in minor roles (including Gemini Studios’ cult film Avvaiyar) and later graduated to lead roles, finally going into production and making several successful Tamil movies and remakes of many popular Hindi movies.
He had an interesting way of buying the remake rights. He would periodically visit Bombay, go around town in a cab and find out from the cabbies what the hit Hindi movies were. He would watch these quickly and, if they pleased him, start negotiations for the rights. One of the movies where Balajee played the lead was Manaiviyey Manithanin Manickam, produced by Madanagopal Naidu under the banner Madan Theaters. Kovai Rajagopal was the writer, while screenplay and dialogue were by Makkalanban. A galaxy of Tamil poets — Kannadasan, S.D.S. Yogi, Kovai Rajagopal, A. Marudhakasi, Puratchidasan, Salem Ramasami Pavalar, Adimoolam, Era. Pazhanichami and V.A. Gopalakrishnan — wrote the lyrics. Saluru Hanumantha Rao, the lesser-known brother of film music maestro S. Rajeswara Rao, composed the music. T. A. Mothi and L. Krishnan assisted him. Sampathkumar and Chinnilal choreographed the dances, while P.N. Rao was the editor. The cinematography was by camera wizard U. Rajagopal, the man who shot Chemmeen. Shot at Golden Cine Studios, which no longer exists, the film was directed by K. Vembu, who quit films to join Liberty Garments, Bombay, as their man in Madras. The company was promoted by a former Madras-based filmmaker.
The story is about Lakshmi, a young woman leading a happy life with her husband and child when misfortune suddenly hits her. Thanks to a scheming villain, the husband starts an affair with the attractive Menaka, and starts neglecting his family. His extravagances erode their wealth. However, his wife continues to tolerate him. Only when his father leaves their home in disgust and his wife is kidnapped by the above villain does the husband realise his follies and begin to fight back. Soon, peace and happiness are restored and the villains put behind bars.
The film had more than a dozen songs, of which ‘Fraud...fraud…fraud…’, sung by T.A. Mothi and written by Kovai Rajagopal, became popular.
Despite good performances by the cast, the film did not do well. Interestingly, Nagesh, the latter-day icon of Tamil cinema, played a minor role here and his name is credited in the list as ‘Thai’ Nagesh. The dances were performed by well-known dancer-actress E.V. Saroja.
Remembered for: the impressive performances of Pandari Bai, Vijayakumari and K. Balajee.

Toyota recalls 5 834 units of Corolla Altis diesel in IndiaToyota recalls 5 834 units of Corolla Altis diesel in India
Government to soon implement several financial sector reforms commission recommendationsGovernment to soon implement several financial sector reforms commission recommendations
Gold price drops to two-week lowGold price drops to two-week low
If you want a proof it a similar industry peer though not same product...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Invested Rs 45 000 cr in equity marketsSave this video
Copy URL
India's state run insurer has already invested Rs 45,000 crore in equity markets and is ready to buy more if the government comes out with its divestment programme, says its chairman Surya Kumar Roy.
27

Diabetes: new drug target foundhealth treatment
In an important breakthrough, scientists have found a potential drug target for treatment of diabetes.
With diabetes emerging as a global epidemic and around 350 million suffering from the condition, the WHO has projected that deaths due to diabetes would double by 2030 and it would be the seventh leading cause of death by then.
A team of scientists led by Satish Kumar, Chief Scientist and Group Leader at Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB) has genetically deleted Wdr13 gene in a mouse afflicted severely with Type 2 diabetes and demonstrated that the absence of the gene corrects the pathology of the disease.
In a previous study, the team had created a mutant mouse strain lacking Wdr13 gene and showed that the mutant mice had increased islet mass due to beta cells proliferation leading to enhanced insulin production.
In the recent study, they deleted the gene and found that it was in accordance with their hypothesis — that the destruction of beta cells in severely diabetic model would be corrected with removal of the gene.  The recent work was published in the journal Diabetologia.
According to Dr. Kumar, it was found that the deletion of the gene not only increased insulin production, but also showed better glucose clearance and reduced inflammation and triglycerides — all associated with diabetes.
He said that significant reduction was noticed in the expression of genes involved in inflammation of pancreas, liver and adipose tissue.
His team is now planning to take up research on directly reducing the expression of the gene in pancreas through targeted delivery of RNAi, a molecule that inhibits gene expression. National and international patents have already been filed. The other scientists of the team include Dr.V. P. Singh and Dr. Chandrashekaran Gurunathan.

Hughes  death hard to digest for India s survivorHughes' death hard to digest for India's survivor
Reuters
The Hindu Archives Indian Cricket Captain Nari Contractor was hit by Charlie Griffith's bouncer in a practice match against Barbados during the year 1962.
PTI Former cricketer Nari Contractor
MUMBAI, Nov 27:  
More than five decades after his near-fatal head injury in the Caribbean, former India captain Nari Contractor could not believe Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes lost his life despite wearing a helmet.
The left-handed Contractor was stuck on the skull by a Charlie Griffith bouncer in a practice match against Barbados during India's tour of the West Indies in 1962.
The injury during the pre-helmet era left him unconscious for days and he miraculously survived after multiple operations and blood transfusions.
But he could never represent India again.
"This is so unfortunate. I never thought something like this could happen," Contractor, now 80, told Reuters on Thursday.
"With the advent of helmets, I never imagined a batsman could be injured so seriously."
Many found the nature of Hughes' injury similar and Contractor, who played 31 tests for India, said his phone had not stopped ringing over the last couple of days.
Hughes was struck on the neck by a short-pitched delivery when batting in a domestic match on Tuesday, with the force of the blow piercing his veterbral artery and causing blood to gush into his brain. He died in hospital on Thursday aged 25.
Contractor felt the death would be an even heavier blow for Hughes' family.
"These days I get to hear about a lot of cuts and bruises but batsmen often take bouncers on their helmet," he said by phone. "The right equipment should be able to save cricketers from such incidents."
British sports firm Masuri Group Ltd, which made the 'Original Test' helmet worn by Hughes, said its new 'Vision Series' model released about a year ago offered more protection.
Contractor said authorities must ensure that cricketers wear the right protective gear at all levels of the sport.
"We did not have helmets in our time. But now that it is available, it should be compulsory for everyone to use it," he added.
(This article was published on November 27, 2014)
Related

Fans pay tribute to Hughes with #putoutyourbats campaignUpdated: November 28, 2014 15:41 IST
Fans pay tribute to Hughes with #putoutyourbats campaign
Internet Desk
Screenshot of Google Australia's hompage.
SLIDESHOW
people
Cricketing community paid tributes to Phillip Hughes, who died after being hit by a bouncer, by 'putting out their bats' on Friday. Many fans and Australian players took to twitter to post pictures of their cricket bats remembering the young star. Here are a few of them:
— Michael Vaughan (@MichaelVaughan) November 27, 2014
What more can I say... #putoutyourbats pic.twitter.com/R8tCyzOINk
— Jonathan Trott (@Trotty) November 27, 2014
Just brilliant photos from the Kiwis and Pakistani boys! Great touch lads #getyourbatsout #RIPHughesy pic.twitter.com/b1eFMS3no5
— Dean Jones (@ProfDeano) November 28, 2014
My 1989 Ashes bat.. Norman on security watch #RIPHughesy #putoutyourbats pic.twitter.com/8aTDRuVDyx

LWE violence down  but fresh strategy still required: IB chiefWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:57 pm
Even as the number of killings by Left-Wing extremist groups has gone down in the recent months especially because of shrinkage of their areas of operation, but despite that the security forces need to draw up a fresh strategy to tackle them more effectively, Intelligence Bureau chief Syed Asif Ibrahim said in Guwahati on Saturday.
Speaking at the inaugural function of the 49th All India Conference of DGPs and IGPs in Guwahati on Saturday, Ibrahim said increasing desertions, shortage of arms and ammunition and a crisis of leadership have together contributed to reduction of Maoist activities across the country.
“Of the 39 central committee members the CPI(Maoist) had in 2004, only 20 are around now. Moreover, there has been a shrinkage of their area of operation, while there has been a decline in the number of killings by these groups. But despite that we cannot afford to remain complacent and have to draw up a fresh strategy,” the IB chief said.
The IB director identified giving a bigger role to the state police forces as a key component in tackling Left-Wing extremism, one that was later endorsed by union home minister Rajnath Singh in his inaugural speech in the function.
“There should be better coordination between paramilitary forces and the state police forces in tackling the Maoists. It is also very important who is holding leadership in operations against them. In states affected by Left-Wing extremism, I would suggest the leadership be taken by the state police. The DMs and SPs should lead the operations,” the home minister said.
The union home minister reiterated that the government was ready to talk to the Maoists, but not until they gave up violence. “We are ready to talk, but cannot allow any violence to occur,” he said.

Maharashtra Islamic State recruit in NIA custody till Dec 8Maharashtra Islamic State recruit in NIA custody till Dec 8
All India Railwaymen s Federation to oppose ...You are here: Home > Collections > Fdi
All India Railwaymen's Federation to oppose FDI in railways
PTI Nov 29, 2014, 04.46PM IST
Tags:
AIRF
("It is being said that FDI is…)
LUCKNOW: All India Railwaymen's Federation today said it opposes 100 per cent FDI in railways as it will "demolish the existing framework" of the organisation.
"During the national convention of AIRF, 100 per cent FDI in railway was taken as a challenge as it will demolish the existing frame work of the organisation," National General Secretary AIRF Shiv Gopal Mishra told reporters here.
"It is being said that FDI is needed for railways. But when the government can invest in infrastructure, then why not in railways," he added.
"The railways is not in loss. The railways could have saved Rs 1,56,000 crore if it was allowed to do fair pricing," he claimed.
"When in opposition BJP opposed FDI during UPA regime and now it has taken a U-turn and is supporting it," he added.
Mishra said other issues of merging dearness allowance into basic salary, to provide interim relief, abolish new pension scheme and to restore old one and anti-labour provisions in the labour law were also taken up.
FEATURED ARTICLES

British Airways may consider hub-and-spoke operations with an Indian carrieramerican airlines
(British Airways currently…)
NEW DELHI: British Airways (BA) may consider partnering with an Indian carrier for hub-and-spoke operations in line with its relationship with American Airlines depending on how the market develops over the next 2-3 years, a top official said.
"India is the second largest market (for BA) after North America in terms of (traffic) volume or number of seats. ... Our business model (with American Airlines) is to carry traffic to the hubs in the US from where they fly them to other destinations (within the US)," BA's Chief Executive Keith Williams said.
"We will see how the market develops over the next 2-3 years. It is too early to judge at present," Williams, who was here at a function to mark the completion of nine decades of the premier British carrier's operations to India, said.
He was asked whether BA was looking at tying up with an Indian carrier to launch hub-and-spoke operations from five cities to London Heathrow (LHR) like their arrangement with American Airlines.
Under this arrangement, American Airlines, which merged with US Airways almost a year ago, provides convenient flight options to key business and leisure destinations across Europe and the United States.
BA currently operates 49 flights a week, with double dailies to Delhi and Mumbai, apart from dailies to Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad.
"As far as the Indian market is concerned, the network model should be smaller airports feeding into the hubs. In LHR, almost 40 per cent of passengers are transfer passengers," Williams said.
In hub-and-spoke operation, an airline routes all of its traffic through one central hub or hubs.
Asked whether BA would consider operating superjumbo Airbus A-380s to Delhi or Mumbai as passenger traffic has gone up substantially, the BA Chief Executive said the double dailies were working fine as these two flights at different times were "convenient and beneficial to the customers".
The airline, which currently flies jumbo Boeing-747s, was considering introducing the Dreamliner Boeing 787-9 to Delhi "due to its fuel-efficiency", he said. Air India, which also operates two flights a day to London, too operates a Dreamliner on this route.
On nine decades of BA operations to India, Williams said "British Airways has been servicing this market for 90 years and we look forward to our association with India for another 90 years and more. ... This year we create another milestone in our history with India."
The first flight of then Imperial Airways (now BA) from London to Delhi had taken off on November 10, 1924, and had reached the Indian capital on March 17, 1925. It had taken four different planes and 20 stops en route to complete the journey.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Centre wants private investments in  smart c...Centre wants private investments in 'smart cities'
PTI Nov 29, 2014, 04.53PM IST
Tags:
chamber of commerce
(The Modi government…)
KOLKATA: Union Urban Development Ministry is working on guidelines to attract private investments in proposed 'smart cities', a dream project of the Narendra Modi government .
"A large amount of money has to come from the private sector for the development of 'smart cities' for which the ministry is studying the ways and means on how to attract private investments," MoUD Secretary Shankar Agarwal said.
Although the private investors were willing to take business risks, they would not be eager to bear political perils. "Their investments should be safe and also fetch returns," he said.
"Private investors may participate by taking a part of equity or in any other form. We will be able to come out with the guidelines in two to three months time," he told reporters at the MCC Chamber of Commerce here .
The Modi government has proposed to build 100 smart cities that would be identified by the Centre at the suggestion of the state governments.
The Centre would also extend finance to the states in setting up the smart cities, he said.
West Bengal Urban Development Secretary Debasish Sen said that the New Town locality at Rajarhat near the metropolis was fit to be developed into a smart city.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Egyptian court drops case against Mubarakegyptian court drops case against mubarak
Civic body  fire dept grant permission for Amit Shah s rallyCivic body  fire dept grant permission for Amit Shah s rally
Karnataka sugar mills agree to start crushing from todayKarnataka sugar mills agree to start crushing
Mahesh Kulkarni | Bengaluru Nov 29, 2014 09:08 PM IST
Sugar mills in Karnataka have decided to begin cane crushing for the current season (October 2014-September 2015) from Sunday. The move comes after the South Indian Sugar Mills Association (SISMA) representatives met Chief Minister Siddaramaiah at Kalaburagi on Friday.
Earlier this week, the state government had warned sugar mills that it would take over the control of sugar mills if they fail to resume crushing by Sunday.
“We had a meeting with the chief minister at Kalaburagi and requested for more time to pay arrears to farmers for 2013-14. He has agreed to give us additional time to make the payment in two instalments. Mills will pay the first instalment of Rs 200 a quintal in the next few days. The government has agreed to give us a moratorium of two years for the payment of second instalment of another Rs 200 a quintal,” Pawan Kumar, president, SISMA told Business Standard.
He said mills expressed their inability to pay the entire arrears amounting to Rs 1,803 crore immediately, considering fall in sugar prices. The realisation has come down to Rs 2,250 a quintal in the open market, he said.
However, for the current sugar season, the government has directed mills to pay as per the fair and remunerative price (FRP) announced by the Central government. The FRP is fixed at Rs 2,200 a tonne for a recovery of 9.5 per cent as first instalment and after the close of crushing season, they have to calculate profits from the sale of sugar and by-products and share 70 per cent of it with farmers as second instalment.
About 40 mills out of 60 operational mills had either suspended or deferred crushing for the current year after the Karnataka High Court, in its order on November 6, directed mills to pay state advisory price of Rs 2,500 a tonne for 2013-14 season. A large number of mills had paid up to Rs 2,000 a tonne last year and kept arrears pending, which exceeded Rs 3,000 crore. Subsequently, some mills had made a part payment at the end of the last crushing season.
Meanwhile, farmers in Belgaum, Vijayapura and Bagalkot districts had started supplying their cane to mills in Maharashtra for better prices. “As the standing crop had started wilting, it was inevitable for us to cut it and supply to mills in the neighbouring state,” said Shrimanth Duddagi, a farmer in Vijayapura.
Karnataka is the third largest producer of sugar in the country with annual share of 13 per cent. For 2013-14, Karnataka produced 4.18 million tonnes of sugar compared to 3.39 million tonnes (mt) in the previous year, showing a growth of 23.3 per cent. The recovery of sugar went up 58 basis points to 10.98 per cent. Cane crushing went up 16.6 per cent to 38.1 million tonnes during the year compared to 32.7 mt in 2012-13 season.
About 60 mills were operational with a combined capacity of 273,950 TCD (tonnes crushed per day) during this year as against 57 last year.

Snippet of Madonnas new song leakedonlinePosted: November 29, 2014 6:03 pm
A clip of pop diva Madonna’s new track, reportedly titled ‘Rebel Heart’, has been leaked online.
About 40 seconds of the dance-meets-acoustic track materialised with Madonna, 56, singing, “I’ve spent some time as a narcissist, hearing the others say ‘look at you, look at you.’ Trying to be so provocative, I said, ‘Oh yeah, that was me. All the things I did just to be seen,'” can be heard in the leaked snippet, reported Billboard.
Her publicist had no comment about the leak, but the diva’s manager, Guy Oseary, tweeted, “I would be grateful to any Madonna fans that can assist us in finding those responsible for the leak. We appreciate your help.”
It is assumed the song is titled ‘Rebel Heart’, as Madonna is heard singing the phrase at one point in the snippet, and because she used the #RebelHeart hashtag on her Instagram for months.
It is unknown if the song clip is from a demo version of the song or a recording of a finished track.
Madonna has been working on new music throughout 2014, frequently updating her Instagram feed with photos and messages regarding her progress. A new album from the entertainer is expected in 2015. It will be her first studio effort since 2012’s album ‘MDNA’, which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart.

J&K polls: Omar seeks refuge in BJP lap  can even align with the devil to be in power  alleges MehboobaAbid Soffi , IBNLive.com | Dec 01, 2014 at  12:42pm IST
Srinagar: Accusing Chief Minister Omar Abdullah of seeking refuge in the Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) to secure his political future in Jammu and Kashmir, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) president Mehbooba Mufti said National Conference (NC) can align even with the devil to keep her party out of the power in the state.
Taking a jibe at Omar, Mehbooba said, "How can he do justice with the people of Beerwa or Sonawar as mere MLA when he couldn't do anything for Ganderbal as the Chief Minister of the state for 6 years."
"Omar is now so much panicked by the prospects of a PDP government taking shape in Jammu and Kashmir that he is once again seeking refuge in the lap of BJP by offering an alliance with them in any post-poll arrangement," Mehbooba said while addressing election rallies in central Kashmir district of Budgam, including Beerwah from where Omar is seeking mandate after deciding not to seek re-election from Ganderbal.
PDP chief Mehbooba Mufti said that Omar-led government failed on every front and that's why the people's anger against him has exploded through ballot.
She said Omar-led government failed on every front and that's why the people's anger against him has exploded through ballot and the first phase of elections has established that people have realized the power of vote and are using it to bring in a change.
"But Omar in his desperation to somehow survive politically doesn't hesitate in talking of an alliance with BJP even though he had during the parliament polls stated that he would leave the country if Modi was elected as PM and Dr Farooq had said anyone voting for Modi should be pushed into the sea," she said.
Omar assumed power in 2008 on the promise of performance and development and made countless promises on every account, the PDP president said, adding, "He was particularly lavish when he addressed campaign meetings in 2008 in Ganderbal and promised sky to the people there."
Reminding Omar of the promises made by him during electioneering to 2008 Assembly polls, she said the people want to know where is the much-parroted Truth and Reconciliation Commission on human rights violations, where have the one lakh jobs that were to be given in the first three months of the new government gone, what happened to the promise of one job to each family, where is the stipend for the educated unemployed youth, what happened to the commitment of bringing down educational qualification for recruitment of police constables to middle pass and last but not least there is also no word from Omar about removing the electricity meters, slashing the power tariff, making  electricity available round-the-clock and subsidizing the LPG and rations.
Mehbooba said on the contrary during NC-Congress regime innocent killings became order of the day, power position deteriorated to the worst levels ever, drinking water became scarce, treasuries are running dry, pensioners are being denied pension, contractors are crying for payments, daily-wagers and consolidated workers plead for their wages, people are being kept hostage on roads for hours together due to horrific traffic jams and so on and so forth.
"I challenge Omar Abdullah to show one single project anywhere in the State which he can claim was pioneered and accomplished by his Government during the past more than 6 years," she said.
Mehbooba said when the present anarchic government is voted out of power towards the end of this year, if anything, it would be remembered as the darkest era in J&K for facilitating hundreds of innocent killings, letting loose a reign of repression on youth, facilitating wanton arrests, perpetuating fear and sense of insecurity, promoting socio-economic instability, frightening increase in crime rate, menacing drug abuse, deaths in road rage, vanishing rule of law, rampant corruption, scams, institutional degradation, misgovernance, dilapidated roads, power shortage, drinking water scarcity, unemployment, maladministration, spurious medicines, frustrating traffic snarls  and countless other anti-people measures.
"No wonder after having destroyed not just Ganderbal, but the entire State, Omar had to run away in pursuit of a safe place," she said, adding that either Omar is considering himself too clever or is treating the people of Beerwa or Sonawar as too naïve to endorse a failed politician like him and waste their vote.
Mehbooba said the PDP had started an imaginative development program for Beerwa area since 2002 but it was disrupted by the change of government in 2009.
She said the area is endowed with a rare mixture of natural beauty, farming potential and exquisite talent in handicrafts, "We will harness all these potentialities and energies to generate remunerative and dignified jobs for the youth of the area," she said, adding that the Kani Shawls made in many villages of Beerwa area is a source of identity for entire Kashmir.
"PDP government will establish craft villages for these artisans and these will be linked with the tourism circuit and modern facilities will be provided to the artisans so that they can produce more and earn better wages," she said, adding that Tosa Maidan will be developed as a cherished tourist resort to generate employment and create wealth for the locals.
(Abid Soffi is Managing Editor, 'Kashmir Pioneer'. He lives in Srinagar.)
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Madhya Pradesh: Gas leak at chemical plant in Raisen district  39 people affectedmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

PM pats Chandy on cent per cent coverage under Jan Dhan YojanaPM pats Chandy on cent per cent coverage under Jan Dhan Yojana
Love  longing and noodles in Wong Kar-waiproduction & direction (cinema)
IFFI 2014 closes today with a screening of The Grandmaster and a Lifetime Achievement Award to its auteur Wong Kar-wai. S. Harshvardhan on the filmmaker’s inimitable style
Once in Class 4, I forgot to do my homework. As the teacher walked from desk to desk, I prayed fervently that the bell would ring before she reached mine. The other boys were busy talking or playing but I was completely disconnected from them — my stomach was in knots and I was paralysed with fear. I kept checking my watch to see when class would end and the closer the teacher got to my desk, the longer the minutes seemed to stretch. That is when I realised that time as we experience it and time as we measure it are two completely different things.
Sometimes there are scenes in Wong Kar-wai movies that are very like the one I described. By themselves they mean little, a silent glance, a polite smile, a cigarette smoked. But Wong Kar-wai makes them mean something, sometimes a lot, by simply drawing our attention to them — making them stand out from the rest of the movie. Tony Leung and Maggie Cheung buying noodles in In the Mood for Love is a great example, where the film suddenly switches tempo and moves into slow motion. A routine, even banal, activity is suspended in time. Even though their paths to and from the noodle shop would have crossed only for a second, it lasts much longer on screen — as a result, the look they exchange lingers and becomes loaded with meaning.
Time in Wong Kar-wai’s films takes on a persona of its own. It sometimes behaves in a way it otherwise never does, even within the movie. The disjunction between time measured and time experienced is never forgotten. Clocks and calendars provide frequent fodder for cutaways. There are seconds, minutes, moments, each discrete. For instance, the 60 seconds from 2:59 to 3:00 on April 16, 1960 would have been lived through by billions of people, but it belongs to Li Zhen (Maggie Cheung) and Yuddy (Leslie Cheung). Nobody else can claim it because that’s the exact minute when Li Zhen fell in love with Yuddy.
Perhaps this sounds cheesy. It certainly would in a novel. But like Godard, Wong Kar-wai can read the poetry between the lines. In an early scene in Happy Together, Tony Leung and Leslie Cheung are on their way to see a waterfall inspired by a picture printed on a lamp they own. The lamp itself is completely ordinary, a cheap thrift store imitation. It is a surprise that the lamp could inspire anything until, that is, Wong Kar-wai shows the waterfall. In a shot lasting two whole minutes, there is the waterfall and nothing else. Great jets of foam and fog rise continuously from the bottom of the falls and, much like Tony Leung’s smoke rings in In the Mood for Love, the smoky spray of water refuses to disperse or settle. It forms a continuous stream, refusing to die, never vanishing.
In 2007, neuroscientist David Eagleman conducted an experiment with free-fall in zero gravity. Participants were subjected to a sheer 110-metre drop with no harness of any kind, a nerve-wracking simulation of a near-death experience. When subjects timed their fall afterwards, Eagleman found that, on an average, they over-estimated the length of the fall by 36 per cent. His conclusion? “Time and memory are so tightly intertwined that it may be impossible to tease them apart.”
Memory is our refuge against the march of time. In Wong Kar-wai’s films, freeze-framed scenes of characters meeting for the first time often come with voiceovers revealing highly precise details — date and time, the music playing on the stereo, the exact centimetres between them — like details remembered from a well-thumbed photograph. Time may move on, but our memories stay. Love might have died now or might not have existed at all but there was a time when it did or could have — that time is long past but Wong Kar-wai’s characters revisit and relive those memories endlessly, like a favourite record on loop. And jilted lovers make their love stretch out and last, long after its expiry date.
As a result, Wong Kar-wai’s films are almost entirely made of middles, with neither beginning nor end. For a person without memory, every day would be a new beginning but Wong Kar-wai’s characters hold fast to their memories. They are unable to terminate things, forget, move on. They occupy the space in the middle, between things said and those left unsaid, between things wished for but never attained.
Devoted to their memories, Wong Kar-wai’s characters tend to be loners by nature — beat cops and assassins. Even when it’s a movie about a couple, the two are essentially alone, alienated. In 1963, Wong Kar-wai moved with his parents from Shanghai to Hong Kong. The 1960s was an economic watershed for Hong Kong, a period of rapid growth and change. In early 1960s, Hong Kong’s per capita income was comparable to South Africa and Peru. By the end of the decade, its factories had grown over three times to number 10,000. Over the next three decades, its GDP increased by 6 per cent each year, and around a fifth of it was re-invested in industry, a mutually replenishing cycle of growth.
Boatloads of immigrants poured in and moved into cramped apartment buildings like the Chungking Mansions, often sharing toilets, kitchens and hallways, practically everything except bedrooms. In such an atmosphere, love is allowed neither privacy nor intimacy and so love moves outside, to the cityscape. Chance encounters on street corners and at takeaway diners provide the context for love in Wong Kar-wai’s films.
But cities supply just that, the context, and love never fully materialises. Faces in a crowd melt into an impressionistic blur, street traffic coalesces into one indistinguishable stream of bright reds and yellows, frequent jump cuts frustrate actions before their completion — urban life hurtles along at such an exhilarating pace that it checkmates any possible move. Individuals lose themselves in the press of the crowd and, with it, the ability to form meaningful connections, often exchanging little more than pleasantries and polite formalities. Their most poetic thoughts are reserved for the audience, relayed though voiceovers. Even more often (and perhaps more telling of the depth of their alienation) Wong Kar-wai’s characters turn to inanimate objects — bars of soap, towels, tape recorders and the temple of Angkor Wat — to confide their heartbreak, secrets, anguish and desires.
There are a hundred different synonyms for the nostalgia that constitutes the heartbeat of a Wong Kar-wai film — saudade, sehnsucht, haikeus — but the one closest in meaning is from the director’s native Mandarin. Xiang Si, meaning two people in love but not together, yearning and pining for each other, or what the Chinese call lovesickness.

Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak cleared of killing  corruption chargesFormer Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak cleared of killing  corruption charges
Bhartiya Mahila Bank Eyes 1 000 Crore Deposits by March-EndBhartiya Mahila Bank Eyes 1 000 Crore Deposits by March-End
at an estimated eps of 17 in 2016 you are talking of a pe of a...Platinum Member
289 Followers
at an estimated EPS  of 17 in 2016,you are talking of a PE of around 65;if the current sentiments continue like this and economy recovers,and crude prices subdued,1100 could be achieved;But if any of these parameters faulter,it would remain at 3 digit level only.Cheers.
In reply to : learningmarket message
7.59 PM Nov 29th

Yes i did exit 1000 shares at 120/ and everyday i am putting sell ord...Platinum Member
322 Followers
Yes I did exit 1000 shares at 120/ and everyday I am  putting sell order at 149/ for the past 5-6 days .Keeping hope one day it would be executed .I don`t want to hold unlisted shares and repent having invested in this scrip .My maximum return has been in Atul auto ,astral and Mayur .Atul auto from from 180/ ex bonus 530/ cum bonus it`s 1060/ just within a year and similar is the return ratio in astral poly and Mayur .Just consider them too for buying they are trading at high PE but have good clientele and prising power and consistent performer and keep making new highs .
In reply to : Valan message
7.58 PM Nov 29th

Postgame: Survived collapse a good sign for CapitalsBy Alex Prewitt November 28 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Photo by Rob Carr/Getty Images)
The energy had been sucked from Verizon Center and the boos began to emerge, sporadic throughout the stands, but noticeable just the same. Twenty-seven seconds remained before the Washington Capitals trudged into the locker room and licked their wounds during the first intermission, and an even more harrowing stretch lurked behind them.
They had allowed a goal within 31 seconds of scoring one, then another within 35 seconds of that.  In a stretch lasting 1 minute 6 seconds, their two-goal lead over the New York Islanders had disappeared, replaced by this familiar feeling of bewilderment. The question: How would they respond?
“We’re a lot more confident in our game right now,” goaltender Braden Holtby said. “It was big that we weren’t behind because of it, that we were still tied. We knew we were playing well, we knew we could score a few more. The guys responded great. I think we stayed mentally committed through the whole game, and it worked out well for us.”
Over the next 40 minutes, the Capitals blanked the Metropolitan Division-leading Islanders and scored three times. Two nights after falling in overtime at Nassau Coliseum, they swiped a resounding 5-2 win at Verizon Center.
“I liked the response by everybody,” Coach Barry Trotz. “They stayed with it. Got some timely goals, got a couple big penalty kills. Finally scored some 5-on-5 goals. We haven’t scored a lot of that lately.”
It had been nearly 150 minutes since Washington last scored at even strength before Marcus Johansson crushed a perfectly placed wrist shot past New York’s backup goaltender, Chad Johnson, ending the drought in dramatic fashion. Johansson’s goal, his ninth of the season and eighth at even strength, gave the Capitals a comfortable 2-0 cushion with less than two minutes until a break.
Then, a rebound tumbled down Holtby’s body and slipped straight to John Tavares, who jammed the rebound into the net. The crowd had barely digested the quick emotional swing before the Islanders scored again, when defenseman Matt Niskanen slipped and allowed Anders Lee to charge toward the crease, unchecked, and smack in a Travis Hamonic attempt. The game was tied. The Capitals were silent. Several fans began to jeer.
“We showed a little bit of resolve there,” Niskanen said. “Earlier in this season, that could’ve derailed our game for another 10 minutes or so. Good sign for our group to not let that derail us.”
Instead, Alex Ovechkin notched his 73rd career game-winning goal, which tied him with Peter Bondra for the franchise lead. Evgeny Kuznetsov had his first multi-point game of the season with another even-strength goal, and Joel Ward scored on an open net with 1:28 left. At once the Capitals had banished their demons at even strength and overcome the type of quick responses that brought so much disappointment last season.
“We have a slow start, probably the first 10 minutes of the game or so, find a couple goals, all of a sudden we’re feeling pretty good,” Niskanen said. “They score quick, that could’ve been deflating, but good response the rest of the game. Real urgent effort from everybody. We needed that one.”
The locker room had all but emptied when reporters entered, the bags packed for a quick flight to Toronto. The Maple Leafs had endured their own tumultuous stretch with three straight losses – and some off-ice issues too – but they will be rested after just three games since Nov. 20, including wins over two teams that beat Washington this season: Detroit and Tampa Bay.
“A regulation win was good,” Trotz said. “You go into this looking for four points when you play someone. We got three, gained a little ground, but more importantly we didn’t lose any ground. That’s the way I look at it.
“We have to manage the win well, see if we can follow up a pretty good performance.”
INJURY NOTE: Capitals defenseman Mike Green will not travel to Toronto, Trotz said, and remains day-to-day with an upper-body injury. Washington won’t play again until Tuesday, when the Canucks come to town.
“There’s a possibility,” Trotz said of Green returning to face Vancouver. “We’ll just see where he is. A little slower. It’s nothing long term, but one of those injuries, where it is and where it does, it hampers you a little bit. I don’t think he’ll be too long. Just when he gets comfortable.”
The Capitals will hold an optional skate Saturday morning at Air Canada Centre in Toronto, and Trotz will address reporters after it. This reporter, however, will be mid-air during that time, so apologies in advance. This is the first morning skate, even optional, Trotz has held before the tail section of back-to-back games.
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Search for abducted Indians in Iraq still on: Foreign Minister Sushma SwarajBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 12:20 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 1:42 am
The government on Friday told Parliament it was continuing its search for 39 Indians abducted by the Islamic State in Iraq six months ago despite claims by one who escaped that the others had been killed.
Making a statement in both Houses — the matter was raised by Congress members Jyotiraditya Scindia in Lok Sabha and Anand Sharma in Rajya Sabha — External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said the government had received information from six sources, including the Red Crescent, that the Indians abducted in Mosul in June were alive.
She said there were discrepancies in the account of Harjeet Masih, the Indian who escaped and claimed that the remaining 39 had been killed — this was first  reported in August by The Indian Express, which had earlier highlighted the fears and plight of the families of the abducted men. Swaraj referred to the reports during the course of her statement to the House.
Masih’s version, narrated by two Bangladeshi workers on an ABP News programme on Thursday night, prompted the minister to clarify the position in Parliament on Friday.
“The Bangladeshis were only quoting Masih, there is nothing new in this. It is hearsay… While we have no direct contact with the group on the ground, at least six sources have told us that they (abducted Indians) are alive. Now should we believe Masih’s version and discontinue the search or continue our efforts to trace them because there are others who say they are alive? I will go with the second option,” she said.
Rejecting the Congress charge that the government was “misleading” the House, Swaraj said the matter was extremely sensitive and secrecy had to be maintained to make any headway in the search. She said a former envoy to the region, deputed to ASEAN, was told to head back and use his contacts to boost the search operation. “I ask for updates everyday.”
To a query on the whereabouts of Harjeet Masih, she said he is in the protective care of the government which believes he faces a threat in view of his escape. She said the search operation in and around Mosul is not easy since “the group that controls the area (Islamic State) has no government while the government of the country has no control over the area”.
As Swaraj made her statement in both Houses, members across parties paid rapt attention, most in agreement with what the government was doing to trace the abducted Indians.

Darren Wilson Reveals He And His Wife Are Expecting A Babyreddit
ABC aired more footage Wednesday of George Stephanopoulos' interview with Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson on "Good Morning America," in which he announced that he and his wife are expecting a baby.
Wilson got married on Oct. 24 in Overland, Missouri, just two months after the Aug. 9 shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown.
The interview, which marked the first time Wilson has spoken or been seen publicly since the shooting, was taped Tuesday, and ABC first aired some clips Tuesday evening.
In the interview portions that aired Wednesday morning, Wilson told Stephanopoulos that his wife, Barbara Spradling, is pregnant -- and that the two of them hope to move on and live a "normal" life.
"I just want to live a new life but that's not possible," he said. "Things will be different. There'll be a new normal, but we'll find it somehow."
As Wilson and his wife prepare to welcome a new life sometime next year, the parents of Brown continue to grieve and mourn the loss of their son.
Wilson claimed that Brown's death and the reactions from the community will not haunt him, saying instead that "it was just something that happened."
When asked if there was anything he would have done differently, Wilson said no.
Earlier reports suggested that Wilson would resign from the police force, but he explained in the interview that he is still considering whether to take that action.
"We don't know that yet," he said.
"That was the job of my life," he said. "I pictured being there -- my only goal was being promoted to sergeant. I love being on the road as a police officer."
Wilson also described his dream goals and said his future aspirations are to teach police officers about the practice.
"I would love to teach people and give people more insight on uses of force and anything, anything that I can get out of this career I've had thus far and of the incident," he said. "More insight, more knowledge, whatever the cause is for."
As for the ongoing protests in Ferguson and beyond that have activated more than 2,000 National Guard troops, Wilson says his thoughts are with the officers.
"I pray for safety of the officers and everyone else," he said. "Those officers have an incredible task ahead of them, and I just don't want to see them get hurt."
When asked if he felt remorse over Brown's death, Wilson said, "Everyone feels remorse when there's a life lost."
However, he claims to have a clear conscience over it all: "The reason I have a clean conscience is because I know I did my job."
Brown's parents appeared on NBC's "Today Show" Wednesday morning and said that Wilson's comments add "insult to injury."
"When you have people of color be killed they try to demonize and play on the stereotypes, and they try to put the police officer who killed our children on a pedestal,'' family attorney Benjamin Crump told host Savannah Guthrie. "It's just not right, and we have to fix this system."
See other parts of Wilson's interview here .
More On Ferguson From HuffPost:
See our liveblog on Ferguson events below:
live blog

Ungli: Get some life  guys!Director: Rensil D’Silva
Cast: Emraan Hashmi, Sanjay Dutt, Randeep Hooda, Kangna Ranaut, Neil Bhoopalam, Angad Bedi
Giving voice to the swelling debate on vigilantism in society, director Rensil D’Silva has come up with a film that does more harm than good. A kind of film where research is done by watching Hollywood’s comic book vigilantes that are then adapted with staple Indian situations drawn from television debates, it is a derivative, contrived attempt to provide Karan Johar a dark, socially aware film in his filmography as a producer. It neither seriously dissects the issue nor does it create a cool, fun film. For once Johar is trying to work in Emraan Hashmi’s space but doesn’t want to let go of his teenage audience. So the content is sanitised to suit the adolescents and as a result Emraan loses his charm and the theme its sting.
Forced by the inaction of law enforcing agencies, four friends decide to deliver justice by taking the law in their hands and call themselves the Ungli gang for obvious reasons. Abhay (Randeep Hooda), the leader, is a crime reporter who is never shown on his beat. Maya (Kangana Ranaut) is a medical intern, Goti (Neil Bhooplam) is a computer engineer and Angad Bedi plays a mechanic. The subject could have worked better with a fresh cast as here the players look overage for a game designed for city-bred, well-heeled teenagers who one day wake up to everyday reality through Facebook.
Anyway, driven by their passion to seek justice for their friend, the foursome gets an old man (S.M. Zaheer squeezes the melodrama out of a staple situation) his pension by strapping the corrupt officials with bombs and making them run in a stadium. There could have been easier, low-budget ways, but then it is a Dharma production so the scale has to be high. The character traits include a love for making graffiti and dancing in nightclubs. As they become popular, the commissioner (Raza Murad) ropes in an honest but aging ACP Kale (Sanjay Dutt) to crack the case. In turn, Kale ropes in a younger maverick inspector Nikhil (Emraan), because he thinks like a member of the gang. Nikhil makes hoax calls so that Emraan can show off his serial kisser image. So much for the character sketch of a police officer! Anyway, he goes undercover and as expected his loyalties are tested once he discovers the motive behind the gang.
Out of the four friends only Randeep sounds convincing. Dutt brings in his gravitas but it is not required. Emraan looks disinterested and Kangana hardly has anything to do. Like the situations, the dialogues are either stereotypical or puerile. At one point somebody tries to associate Gandhiji’s Dandi march with their danda. At another, Nikhil says you only dilute your whisky with your tears. Anything goes… The climax does give some hope but once again it ends with a whimper.
Bottomline: A sloppy display of corporate social responsibility by a production house that usually indulges in fluff

Reap demographic dividend with education and skills: President Pranab MukherjeeIndian rupee below 62 against US dollar for long will be a worry, says official, hints 'not talking about weather'
President Pranab Mukherjee said India must reap its demographic dividend by improving the quality of teaching and focussing on skill development.
“Half of our population is below the age of 25 and in the next ten years the largest work force would be in India. This is demographic dividend. We must think how can we use this with the help of training, education and skills,” Mukherjee said at a function organised by the Metropolitan Institution here.
He said if we can do that our people will get work all over the world.
“Increasing schools is not enough. We have to improve the quality of teaching. We need skill development,” the President said while regretting that more than 2 lakh students seeking high education migrate out of India.
He questioned why not even one institute in India ranks among the best in the world.
“No Indian scientist has won the Nobel after C V Raman,” the President said.
TAGS: C V Raman Pranab Mukherjee
More from industry

Downtown renaissance: Connaught Place regains its lost sheenmore photos »
The first time, I visited Connaught Place was during the late 80's. Back then as an overexcited junior school student, out to celebrate exam results, with a treat of the legendary Hot Chocolate fudge at the then famed Nirula's, I couldn't quell the thrill of seeing the ring-like alabaster façade.
As years went by, and several other market places and malls sprung up in the city, my visits became less frequent but the nostalgia of the chalky white structure, spoilt at places by paan-stains, remained.
Cut to late 2000s and a tread to the market of my dreams became a bewildering experience, not just for me but also for every one who had the misfortune of crossing past the mounds of dust, exposed cable wires, make-shift planks and dug up roads, thanks to the never-ending renovation project that stalked CP for years.
But, all that seems to be changing once again, as Connaught Place is fast regaining its lost allure. After the markets' facelift, a host of new chic eateries, bars and bistros are setting shop and are changing the whole dynamics of the place. Vikas Singh, who manages a restaurant in CP says, "It's no secret that CP bore the look of a ghost town after dark, but with youngsters thronging in droves at these noisy new clubs, CP is finally experiencing a night life."
But on what is it that is attracting the crowds back to this once a famous commercial and entertainment destination, Chetan Rampal, partner at Monkey Bar - a hip new, New York style eatery says, "CP is the perfect bridge between our post colonial heritage and globalised young India. Besides, it is one of the few locations in the city that offers excellent metro connectivity, ample parking and brilliant architecture."
Varun Puri, who is launching famous vegetarian eatery Shiv Sagar in Delhi says, "For us it was obvious that we choose CP.  Post restoration, it has become one of the most streamlined markets in the city. The parking lots now have LED vacancy display boards (installed by The Delhi Integrated Multi-Modal Transit System) so there is no clash and chaos over parking space. The national flag in the centre is a unique attraction that instills patriotism and then there are activities like Raahgiri, all this is bringing the focus back to CP."
Rampal sums up by saying, "Connaught Place, belongs to everyone, from the tourist to the college professional to the office goers and to the older generation who are nostalgic about the place."
 
CHAOS AND BEYOND
Connaught Place began losing out to the mall culture that began in early 2000s. Next, the Metro construction work caused disturbances in traffic conditions and the last straw came in the form of NDMC led renovation project that began in 2008, and was to be completed before the 2012, Commonwealth Games. The project saw inordinate delays
FREE WiFi ZONE
Launched earlier this month, Connaught Place now becomes one of the two marketplaces in the capital to have a free WiFi (the other being Khan Market).
The largest ever in India, the service can be availed by 5,000 people. The service is free for first 20 minutes.  After that user can get, recharge cards (Rs 10 for 30 minutes, Rs. 20 for 60 minutes)
PATRIOTISM AT ITS BEST
The tricolour hoisted on the top of a 207 feet high mast in CP has become one of the most popular landmarks of the place. The largest national flag of India it was hoisted in March this year, by Flag Foundation of India and New Delhi Municipal Corporation. It is illuminated in the night with eight 2,000 watt lights.
 
GASTRONOME GALLERY
From power breakfast as early as 7.00 in the morning to lounges where you can linger around post midnight, options abound in CP...
 
1 Bambaiya bun and bhaji
The famous Mumbai all veg eatery opens its doors to guests today onwards. The highlight remains their paav bhaji with fresh paavs flown in every morning from Mumbai.  They also have a selection of Bombay street food ranging from sev puri to Bombay masala Frankie apart from Chettinad dosas and north Indian curries
Where: Shiv Sagar, 52, Janpath
Meal for two:
 
2 Touch of Tuscany
Serving up a king's breakfast complete with frittatas, waffles and pancakes, 8.30 am onwards is this Tuscan style café which opened its branch in CP about a month ago. Once here, you can down cups of gourmet coffees watching the town come alive.
Where: Caffe Tonino, PVR Plaza building
 
3 Old school decor
The place claims to have the largest bar in the city and is set in a massive… sq feet of space right in the heart of Delhi. It's USP - the interiors hark back to the colonial era giving that touch of nostalgia to Connaught Place that once was.
Where: Townhouse Café, F block, CP
 
4 Gastropub, NY style
Offering an edgy, pulsating vibe of New York city, right here in CP, is the conveniently located Monkey Bar, with its terrace overlooking the national flag and giving a ring side view of central Delhi. The dishes such as postcolonial chicken a la kiev and mobar gymkhana sandwich are carefully chosen to evoke the memories of Delhi's clubs of the early 70's.
Where: Monkey Bar, P block, Connaught Circus
 
5 Peri-peri perfect
The famous flame-grilled chicken eatery opened its third Delhi outlet, in CP last week. With its Afro-Portuguese style dishes and South African art works, the place is another addition to international casual eateries coming to the country.
Where: Nando's, F Block, Malhotra bldg., Inner circle, 
 
5 East India memories
Bringing back the memories of Connaught Place during the times of Raj, is the new Vault café, opened this month. Visualised as the storehouse of British East India Company, the place spread across 7,000 sq feet reflects the times of spice trade. It's also the only place in CP to have a wood fired set up at the terrace for those chilly evenings.
Where: Café Vault, Radial road, F Block, 
 
6 Dessert treats
The famous artisan ice creams from Mumbai opens its second outlet in the city, at Connaught Place. The USP - they use on stabilizers or preservatives, just the goodness of fruits. You can gorge on some unusual flavours such as sitaphal, coconut and watermelon.
Where:
 
OTHER ATTRACTIONS
Free makeovers: Have a post work party and haven't had the time to dress up? Walk into the Avon academy in CP for a free makeover session by their makeup experts. You can also get a free skin analysis done or review the products.
Midnight shopping:  If you are hard pressed for time and want to indulge in some retail therapy late in the night, then here's some news. The Benetton outlet in CP will be open till 12.00 am in the night till the end of the year.
Artisanal fare: Kamala store, an initiative of the Crafts Council of India, stocks revivalist arts and crafts by Indian artisans. You can buy home décor items made of sanjhi paper cut work, tilu grass, kathwa patchwork and zardozi
Where: Kamala Gallery, Rajiv Gandhi handicrafts bhavan, Baba Kharak Singh Marg.
Book love: Oxford bookstore that shifted to new premise earlier this year is the hub for discussions, dialogues, book launches besides a vast collection of books. The café, Cha Bar holds cooking tutorials from time to time.
Where: Oxford bookstore, N block,
 
Also to come…
Zamozza: A luxe lounge, said to be the largest in the area that will
Kinbuck 2: Coming up in early December it is said to be city's first roman bistro
Hybrid: A place spread over 8000 sq feet it will be a lounge with corporate elements. To come up early next year
 

Swamy meets Shiv Sena leaders | Black money: BJP s advantage  Congress  problemBJP leader Subramanian Swamy meets Shiv Sena leaders
By PTI | 29 Nov, 2014, 04.24PM IST
0
Share More
If BJP takes Shiv Sena along, it will ensure a stable government in Maharashtra & will also be a good thing for Hindutva, said Subramanian Swamy 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: A day after BJP formally commenced talks with estranged ally Shiv Sena on the its participation in the Devendra Fadvanis government , senior BJP leader Subramanian Swamy today visited Sena president Uddhav Thackeray's residence.
"I will try to meet BJP president Amit Shah after returning to Delhi. I will also speak to Narendra Modi and Nitin Gadkari .
"I will explain to them that if we take along Sena with us, it will ensure a stable government in Maharashtra and will also be a good thing for Hindutva," Swamy told reporters outside 'Matoshree'.
"Uddhav is an old friend. I know him since the time he was a small boy," Swamy said about his meeting with the Sena leader. "BJP has to take Sena along. Or else, why is there a Sena minister in the Union government ," he said.
However, BJP was quick to brush the visit as one in the former Union minister's individual capacity.
"BJP has nothing to do with the visit. Swamy went to Matoshree, the Thackeray family residence in suburban Bandra today, in his individual capacity," a senior state BJP leader told PTI.
Senior Sena leader Subhash Desai was also present at the meeting at Matoshree. Swamy has earlier voiced his views that Sena should be a part of the Fadnavis-led government.
Union Minister Dharmendra Pradhan and state Cooperatives Minister Chandrakant Patil met Thackeray at Matoshree last evening for one-and-a-half hours. They left the venue without speaking to the waiting mediapersons.
Pradhan and Patil are expected to brief BJP central leadership about Thackeray's response during the parleys. Before leaving for Matoshree, Pradhan had said BJP had an "open mind" on holding the talks.
Fadnavis, who is on a tour of Vidarbha, today said the BJP wants the Sena to be part of the government, and expressed confidence that the initiative to bring it on board would succeed.

Nigeria s face of terror: Boko Haram spreading fear  bloodprint
A suicide and gun attack that killed at least 120 at one of Nigeria's most well-known mosques was extreme in its brutality but part of an increasingly familiar pattern that has spread fear even beyond Nigeria's borders.
Unsuspecting worshippers were blown up as they gathered for Friday prayers at the Grand Mosque in the northern city of Kano; those who survived were cut down by gunfire as they fled.
The attack was widely seen as revenge for the Muslim Emir of Kano's call at the same mosque last week for civilians to arm and protect themselves against Boko Haram.
Nigerian police inspect the site of an explosion in Kano, Nigeria. Multiple explosions tore through the central mosque in Nigeria's second-largest city on Friday. (AP Photo)
"Boko Haram has repeatedly threatened religious and traditional leaders in northern Nigeria, who are seen by the group as allies and instruments of the state," said Andrew Noakes, of the Nigeria Security Network of analysts.
But it was also in keeping with the Islamist group's brutal violence over a greater geographical area in the last few weeks -- and a likely wider strategy to further undermine national and regional security.
"Boko Haram are trying to create the perception that they are anywhere and everywhere," said Ryan Cummings, chief Africa analyst at the Red24 security consultants in Cape Town.
"It almost seems that the trend in the insurgency is reverting to that witnessed in 2012 when it seemed that Boko Haram was expanding rapidly westwards and southwards," he told AFP.
 
Shifting tactics
 
Just hours before the Kano massacre , a suspected remote-controlled roadside bomb, buried in the dirt near another mosque nearly 600 kilometres (375 miles) away in Maiduguri, was defused.
Maiduguri, where Boko Haram was founded in 2002, was already tense after two women blew themselves up within minutes of each other at a crowded market on Tuesday, killing more than 45 shoppers and traders.
The previous day, up to 50 people were killed in Damasak, 180 kilometres north of the city near the border with Niger, when Boko Haram fighters overran the town and ambushed those trying to escape.
Four days earlier, the militants slit the throats of and drowned at least 48 fish vendors in another town near Lake Chad.
Mass casualties from Boko Haram attacks are not a new phenomenon in the extremists' five-year insurgency. More than 13,000 people are thought to have died in total since 2009.
Internally displaced children who fled their homes following an attack by Islamist militants in north east Nigeria run round a soccer ground.  Some thousands of people have fled their homes in recent times due to Boko Haram attacks. (AP Photo)
But the regularity of attacks and the widening range of tactics -- from hit-and-run strikes to suicide bombings, holding territory and even, it seems, the new attempt to use Al-Qaeda-style roadside bombs -- marks a shift.
Violence had been concentrated for the last 18 months in the three far northeastern states of Borno, Yobe and Adamawa.
But there have been a string of suicide strikes since June across the wider north.
Neighbouring Cameroon, Niger and Chad are also voicing fears about possible attacks there, particularly as the dry season approaches, which makes natural defences such as rivers easier to breach.
One humanitarian source in Niger described a "psychosis of fear" about attacks in border areas, which this week forced the closure of schools and pharmacies.
Boko Haram is opposed to secular, "Western" style education and has regularly attacked schools, teachers and students.
Earlier this month, 58 schoolboys were killed in Potiskum, northeastern Nigeria, when a suicide bomber blew himself up before morning assembly.
Boko Haram is still holding 219 schoolgirls that it kidnapped in mid-April.
 
Regional fears
 
In Cameroon's far north, one military commander said they were "convinced" that Boko Haram's aim to declare a hardline Islamic state "is aimed not only at Nigeria but also at Cameroon".
The group has taken over more than two dozen towns in northeast Nigeria in recent months and declared some part of its caliphate, mirroring a similar declaration by militants in Iraq and Syria.
The Kano bombing and attacks elsewhere could be designed to make any renewed counter-insurgency efforts more difficult, analysts say.
Cameroon, Chad, Niger and Nigeria were supposed to have had a 2,800 troops in place along their borders by November 1, to assist the Nigerian army, which has struggled to put down the rebellion.
But as the year-end approaches, no deployment has been announced.
The Kano attack and others outside its traditional heartland leave Nigeria's authorities with a dilemma.
"It basically stymies the reallocation of resources from such regions to counter-terrorism operations being conducted" in the three worst-affected northeast states, said Cummings.

Shock of Phil Hughes  death makes cricket s tight schedule yieldPhil Hughes' death brings cricket to a standstill
AP
print
The postponement of the first cricket Test between Australia and India after the death of Phillip Hughes may mark the first time that cricket's rigid schedule has yielded to mourning the passing of one man.
Wars and terrorism, political upheaval and above all bad weather have made their mark on almost 140 years of Test cricket, forcing matches or series to be deferred and abandoned.
But this time it's different as the entire cricket world mourns Hughes.
Cricket Australia announced on Saturday that the first Test at Brisbane, due to start next Thursday, would be postponed as Australian players continue to mourn Hughes' death. The 25-year-old Test batsman died on Thursday, two days after being struck by a bouncer while batting in a Sheffield Shield match between South Australia and New South Wales.
Watch: Clarke breaks down
Hughes will be buried on Wednesday in his home town of Macksville, between Sydney and Brisbane, and Cricket Australia said his national teammates would need time to grieve.
"These are extraordinary circumstances and we simply couldn't or wouldn't expect our players to be emotionally ready to start a Test match the day after 'farewelling' one of their teammates," Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland said in a statement on Saturday.
"Their welfare is our absolute priority. They are grieving and to expect that they could play a high-pressured, five-day Test match the following day is out of the question."
The encounter between Australia and India at Brisbane's Gabba ground, if it goes ahead, will be the 2,148th Test to be played since Australia faced England in 1877.
In the intervening 137 years, Test cricket has been suspended during two world wars and, in more recent times, disrupted by politics, terrorism and even disputes over pay.
This year's scheduled Test series between India and the West Indies, along with the fourth one-day international of the same tour, was abandoned after a pay dispute between West Indian players and their national cricket board. Earlier, the third one-day match at Visakhapatnam was cancelled because of Cyclone Hudhud.
Political and safety issues have been a much more regular cause of the abandonment of matches. Tests between India and Pakistan, first played in 1952, were suspended between 1962 and 1977 while the countries twice went to war. Test contacts between the countries were again interrupted in 1999 and after the 2008 terrorist attacks in the Indian city of Mumbai.
In 2009, the second Test between Pakistan and Sri Lanka at Lahore was abandoned on the third day after a terrorist attack on the bus carrying the Sri Lanka team to the Gaddafi Stadium. Pakistan has since been forced to play "home" Test matches at venues outside Pakistan, most recently in the United Arab Emirates.
South Africa was ostracised from Test cricket between 1971 and 1992 over objections to its policies of racial separatism or apartheid.
More recently, scheduled tours to Zimbabwe by New Zealand and other teams have been abandoned because of political objections to the Zimbabwe regime or concerns over the quality of medical facilities.
Tests take place according to a future tours program overseen by the International Cricket Council which prescribes severe financial and other penalties when matches are postponed or cancelled without good cause.

Egyptian court drops case against Mubarak over 2011 protester deathsprint
An Egyptian court on Saturday dropped its case against ousted President Hosni Mubarak, his interior minister and six aides on charges of ordering the killing of protesters during the 2011 revolt that removed him from power.
The court also cleared Mubarak and a former oil minister of graft charges related to gas exports to Israel.
Mubarak greets medics, army personnel and his supporters, as he leaves a helicopter ambulance after it landed at Maadi Military Hospital following his verdict in Cairo, Egypt. (AP Photo)
In a separate corruption case, charges were dropped against Mubarak and his sons Alaa and Gamal, with Judge Mahmoud Kamel al-Rashidi saying too much time had elapsed since the alleged crime took place for the court to rule on the matter.
The 86-year-old former leader will not walk free after Saturday's verdicts, however. He was found guilty in May in another case related to theft of public funds and has been serving that three-year sentence while under house arrest for medical reasons in an army hospital in an upscale Cairo suburb. Saturday's rulings can be appealed.
The packed courtroom erupted in cheers after the judge finished reading the verdicts. Mubarak, wearing sunglasses and a sweater, had been grim-faced when he was wheeled into the courtroom on a stretcher.
An Egyptian supporter of Egypt's former president Hosni Mubarak holds his portrait as a medical helicopter takes off outside Maadi military hospital transporting the deposed leader to the court in Cairo for his trial. (AFP Photo)
The overthrow of Mubarak, who ruled for about 30 years, led to Egypt's first free election but the winner, Mohamed Mursi, was ousted last year by the army. The release of some Mubarak-era figures this year had already raised fears among activists that the old leadership was regaining influence.

Freight rate falls on insufficient cargoFreight rate falls on insufficient cargo
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 29:  
Freight rates for nine-tonne pay load section to select destinations declined by Rs 1,000 in the local truck transport market today.
Transporters said easy availability of trucks against limited cargo movements led to fall in select centres freight rates.
Delhi to Jaipur, Kanpur and Indore freights moved down by Rs 1,000 each to Rs 14,000, Rs 18,000 and Rs 19,000.
Rates to Chandigarh, Ludhiana, Baroda and Gwalior also went down by Rs 1,000 each to Rs 16,000, Rs 17,000, Rs 22,000 and Rs 13,000.
Following are today’s freights per nine-tonne load (in Rs): Jaipur 14,000 Hyderabad 56,000 Chandigarh 16,000 Vijayawada 58,000 Ludhiana 17,000 Bangalore 63,000 Kanpur 18,000 Chennai 63,000 Indore 19,000 Mysore 67,000 Ahmedabad 20,000 Pondicherry 64,000 Baroda 22,000 Coimbatore 69,000 Patna 25,000 Kochi 74,000 Surat 25,000 Thiruvananthapuram 77,000 Mumbai 27,000 Goa 51,000 Pune 29,000 Gwalior 13,000 Kolkata 30,000 Guwahati 52,000.
*
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Black Fridays boost from the black stuffNovember 24, 2014 3:01 pm
Black Friday’s boost from the black stuff
Michael Hunter
Tumbling oil prices will buoy S&P 500 retailers
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/810fe55e-73c7-11e4-82a6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sri Lanka make easy work of England  take 2-0leadBy: Associated Press | Colombo |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:11 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 7:12 pm
Mahela Jayawardene and Kumar Sangakkara hit unbeaten half-centuries and shared an unbroken 149-run partnership to lead Sri Lanka to an eight-wicket win over England in the second one-day international on Saturday.
The victory at R. Premadasa Stadium gives the hosts a 2-0 lead in the seven-match series.
Players wore black armbands and observed a minute’s silence before the start of play to honor Australian batsman Phillip Hughes, who died in hospital Thursday after being hit in the neck by a ball during a domestic match in Australia. Sri Lankan and English flags flew half-staff on the scoreboard.
Chasing a modest 186 to win the match, which was shortened to 45 overs per side because of rain, Sri Lanka lost two wickets for 37 before Jayawardene and Sangakkara combined to take their team to victory in only 34.2 overs.
Jayawardene blasted an unbeaten 77 off 80 deliveries hitting a six and eight boundaries while Sangakkara was 67 not out in 93 balls including eight boundaries.
They added 149 for the third wicket in only 160 balls.
Sri Lanka had a brisk start to its chase but lost its first wicket in the fifth over with the total on 27. Kusal Perera (9) was caught by Ravi Bopara at square-leg off seamer Steven Finn.
Tillakaratne Dilshan scored 26 off 23 deliveries before a miscue off spin bowler Moeen Ali for a high catch to Chris Woakes.
Sri Lankan spin bowler Ajantha Mendis earlier took three wickets to dismiss England for an unimpressive 185 in 43 overs after choosing to bat first. Spinner Dilshan and seam bowler Dhammika Prasad also took two wickets.
“It has been a difficult day,” England captain Alastair Cook said after the match.
“On hindsight probably I would have changed my decision at the toss. As a batting unit we set our sights too high, playing in a similar wicket as you did two days ago we didn’t adjust enough to think that in a 45 over game with 250 you had a really good chance. But we probably thought again it’s a 300 wicket early and we paid the price.”
Sri Lanka captain Angelo Mathews credited the bowlers’ good start for the win.
“Given the conditions, the wicket played a bit slow and it started spinning from ball one. Dilshan had a brilliant start and we kept taking wickets and we pushed them back. On that wicket 185 wasn’t enough in 45 overs.”
“They showed how to bat on those wickers,” Mathews said of Jayawardene and Sangakkara. “They are vastly experienced and they’ve been in those situations so many times and they know how to handle it. They’ve shown exactly that today.”
Bopara top scored for England with 51, his 14th one-day international half-century, and Joe Root made 42. Both men were continued…

Meryl Streep owes me: EmilyBluntBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:11 pm
Actress Emily Blunt says her Oscar-winning co-star Meryl Streep ‘owes her big time’ for saving her life on the sets of their upcoming film ‘Into The Woods’.
The 31-year-old actress, who was pregnant during the film’s shoot, revealed she caught Streep as the veteran star was about to fall after her foot got caught in the cape, reported Us magazine.
“I did save her life. We were rehearsing a scene where she’s playing the witch and she’s supposed to jump onto the table with a cape and everything. Meryl Streep’s foot got caught in her cape and we just started to watch her slowly topple head-first toward the concrete floor.
“(Director) Rob Marshall and James Corden froze, didn’t move, and the pregnant woman caught her. I caught her!” she said.
Blunt said as a payback, Streep, 65, should be lowly dressmaker, where she would play Queen of Versailles.
“She owes me. She should play my lowly dressmaker. She owes me bigtime. She was tormenting me in (‘The Devil Wears Prada’), and now she’s tormenting me in this movie. She’s this witch that has cast this horrible spell on our house. I just said, ‘This is it.’ We couldn’t have any other dynamic now. ‘You just have to hate me in films.'”
“She owes me, that’s why I think at some point I should play the Queen of Versailles and she can be my lowly dressmaker. I did mention it to her. I think it’s a great idea and I mentioned it to her, and her response was, ‘Dream on.’ That’s Meryl Streep. She’s so amazing, it’s annoying at this point. It’s annoying.” Blunt added.

Himmat Singh  18  included in Delhi Ranji TrophysquadBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:09 pm
The DDCA’s senior selection committee headed by Yashpal Sharma rewarded teenager Himmat Singh by including him in the Gautam Gambhir-led Delhi squad that will host Saurashtra in the opening match of the Ranji Trophy starting December 7.
Another notable inclusion was left-arm pacer Pradeep Sangwan, who is now back in the fold having served an 18 month dope ban after being found positive for banned substance stanzolol, while playing for KKR in the sixth edition of Indian Premier League.
The 18-year-old Himmat has grabbed a lot of eyeballs with consistent performances for the Delhi U-19 side in the Cooch Behar Trophy and he got his maiden entry into the senior team in place of veteran batsman Mithun Manhas, who is yet to fully recover from his injury. However, Himmat might find it difficult to find a place in the playing eleven.
Manhas will appear for a fitness test on December 3 and if found 100 percent fit, he might just walk into the side.
Veteran left-arm seamer Ashish Nehra has also opted out of the first game and would be available when Delhi play their next round after nearly a two-week gap.
Apart from Gambhir and veteran Virender Sehwag, the other senior Rajat Bhatia is also there in the squad. Interestingly, Navdeep Saini, whose debut for Delhi was mired in controversy last season, has again been picked at the behest of Gambhir, who had been impressed with the brisk pace that gangly Haryana lad can work up.
Off-spinner Shivam Sharma, who impressed everyone while playing for Kings XI Punjab in the last IPL has also been included.
The other specialist spinner in the squad is slow left-arm bowler Varun Sood, who pipped Pawan Negi to seal his berth. Interestingly, Negi was the ‘Player of the Final’ in the Champions League T20 with figures of 5/22 for Chennai Super Kings.
Squad: Gautam Gambhir (captain), Virender Sehwag, Unmukt Chand, Milind Kumar, Vaibhav Rawal, Rajat Bhatia, Puneet Bisht (wk), Parvinder Awana, Navdeep Saini, Sumit Narwal, Varun Sood, Shivam Sharma, Himmat Singh, Pradeep Sangwan, Dhruv Shorey. Coach: Vijay Dahiya. Manager: Manoj Kapoor.

Adele seeks help from DamonAlbarnBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:06 pm
Oscar-winning singer Adele has reportedly turned to Blur frontman Damon Albarn for help with her new album, which is now expected to be released next spring.
The ‘Skyfall’ hitmaker met Albarn at his west London recording studio earlier this week in the hope he will collaborate with her on her much-anticipated comeback record as she isn’t happy with the material she has so far, reported Daily Mirror.
“Damon and Adele had a chat about her new album and they could work together in future. He has produced and written brilliant pop songs for Gorillaz and slower material for acts such as Bobby Womack. He has advice to give from 25 years in the business,” a source said.

Bharatiya Mahila Bank eyes 1 000-cr deposits  Rs 800-cr loan book by March-endIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
Bharatiya Mahila Bank (BMB), the country’s first all-women bank, said it is targeting a deposit base of Rs 1,000 crore and advances of Rs 800 crore by March-end this fiscal.
At present, the bank’s deposit stands at over Rs 300 crore and loans at Rs 500 crore.
“As of today our total business is at Rs 825 crore. For this year, we are aiming advances of Rs 800 crore and deposits at Rs 1,000 crore,” BMB’s Chairman & Managing Director Usha Ananthasubramanian told reporters today after inaugurating its 35th branch here.
The branch, which was opened in Ghatkopar, Mumbai, is the third in Maharasthra. The bank would shortly open branches in Nagpur, Pune and Haridwar.
The bank is looking to increase its branch network to 80 by March 2015, which will also include 20 rural branches.
Ananthasubramanian said the bank’s focus would be on opening branches in tier II to tier III cities.
“We are also planning to roll out 50 offsite ATMs across the country by the end of this year,” she said.
The country’s first all-women bank was launched in November last year and is wholly owned by the government which had initially infused Rs 1,000 crore in it.
Ananthasubramanian said the bank does not plan to raise any fund as the capital which it received from the government is sufficient to take care of its business currently.
Total employee strength of the bank is 300 and it will add another 120 by the end of this fiscal.
It has one lakh customers, out of which 81 per cent are women.
TAGS: Bharatiya Mahila Bank
More from bankingampfinance

Narendra Modi congratulates CM Oomen Chandy for 100% financial inclusion inKeralaWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:26 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi appreciated Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy on account of Kerala attaining 100%  financial inclusion as part of the Pradan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana scheme.
“I am happy to note that your state has been fully saturated with Pradan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. I appreciate you and your team on achieving this milestone,” said Modi in his letter to Chandy.
Modi urged Chandy to use these bank accounts for transferring benefits under state government schemes directly to beneficiaries. Your suggestions for the effective and efficient implementation of the scheme are welcome, said the letter.

18 years later  Vasan seeks to revive Tamil ManilaCongressWritten by Arun Janardhanan | Trichy |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:14 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 6:17 pm
Hours before the count down for the massive rally at Trichy which drew a crowd of nearly one lakh people on Friday, former union minister G K Vasan was busy preparing his speech at a hotel in Thanjavur.
He was anxious about the success of the maiden rally as it would affect his political claims too. Some of his aides even advised him to cancel the rally due to heavy rains.
However, towards the end of the day, forecast of heavy rainfall did not deter his followers from attending the launch of Vasan’s new party at the sprawling G Corner Grounds at Trichy. There was confusion about the name of the new party until the last moment as the Tamil Manila Congress (TMC) had been already a registered name. With at least three names registered for the new party, Vasan announced the name of his political outfit – Tamil Manila Congress (Moopanar).
His speech that lasted for more than one hour late on Friday, Vasan started with stinging attack on the Congress. He said: “From today, our cadres need not wait for orders from leaders in Delhi. Our cadres need not deal with leaders sitting in Delhi who have no idea about things happening here in Tamil Nadu. Our cadres need not wait for leaders at airports to discuss party matters. Our cadres will have no more complaints of undeserving people getting posts and of those who worked are being sidelined. You need to come and meet me, but I will come to your villages and houses.”
Listing out a number of failures of Congress in the state and the indifference and ignorance of high command in the state affairs, Vasan said his party will be the custodian of secular values in Tamil Nadu. “We will fight against communal forces. We will stand for the rights of Tamil Nadu and innocent Tamilians. ‘Prosperous Tamil Nadu and a strong India’ will be our slogan,” he said.
Despite the fact that the entire area was waterlogged, cancelling the meeting was impossible for organisers as cadres from different parts of Tamil Nadu have been thronging to Trichy since morning. If the claims of 75,000 chairs at the G Corner Grounds owned by railways is to be believed, several thousands were seen waiting outside the venue waiting for entry. Huge screens were erected to beam images from the dias and drones fitted with cameras flew over the audience capturing their loud cheers. While the dais was dedicated to Kakkan, a veteran leader and former minister known for his honesty and transparency, speakers through out the meeting recalled memories of K Kamaraj and G K Moopanar.
Declaring that the new party will stand for the poor and oppressed, Peter Alphonse, possibly the second-in-command and a senior Congress leader who broke away from the party to join the new outfit, said Vasan is the only leader continued…

Modi in Ranchi: Emphasises BJP always took care oftribalsWritten by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:30 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 3:24 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday seemed to respond to constant barbs from the Congress about his party’s stance on adivasis and said in Ranchi that it was that Atal Bihari Vajpayee government that created a Ministry of Tribal Affairs.
Over the past week, Congress’s Sonia and Rahul Gandhi had been telling their audiences in the state that the Narendra Modi government was propped up by industrialists, who will deprive the adivasis of various rights granted during the UPA governments.
Modi, who spoke for just over 32 minutes at the Morabadi ground in the afternoon, termed the Congress’s claims lies. “….Adivasis have been here even during the time of Bhagwan Ram…. But the Congress did not know that there are adivasis in the country,” Modi said. He added that the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government, in addition to creating a separate Tribal Affairs Ministry, had also budgeted extra funds for tribal welfare. “Wherever adivasis live in large numbers, they have voted for a BJP government – in Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. Jharkhand also has a large adivasi population,” Modi trailed off, which led to the crowd crying out, “BJP will form a government here!”
Modi of course left out states like Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Manipur, Tripura, Meghalaya, Sikkim, Orissa and Assam – which have a larger percentage of adivasis in the general population than either Maharashtra or Gujarat – and do not have BJP governments in place.
Modi also cited the Chhattisgarh state government as an example of the model of governance he is promoting. “Raman Singh has done more for adivasis than what Congress can think of. Though both states have the same age, Chhattisgarh has built a new capital. In Jharkhand, all offices run from rented premises,” Modi said. He used this to attack JMM leaders Shibu Soren and son Hemant Soren, also the chief minister. “This is because baap-beta do not want to do anything for you,” Modi said.
Even as he effectively burnt bridges with the JMM – which, under the leadership of Hemant Soren, is expected to put up a good performance despite a resurgent BJP and which could be willing to support the BJP’s efforts to form a government if it falls short of majority – it was evident that Modi had been briefed to play the tribal card by his advisors. At Chandwa in Latehar on November 21, Modi had not mentioned his party’s plans for adivasis at all.
At an earlier point in his speech too, Modi had attacked the Sorens. While talking of how his state government supplied drinking water to arid Gujarat in large-diameter pipes, Modi claimed the Sorens had done nothing to solve the drinking water crisis in Jharkhand. “The baap-beta who had a sarkar here can sit in the car along with their family and drive inside the pipe to go to the other end. That’s how large those pipes are,” Modi said, to laughter.
As usual, Modi seemed to establish a rapport with his audience. At one point in his speech, he said, “There is a herb to solve all your problems. That herb is?” and waited. As if on cue, the crowd chanted, “Modi!” With a chuckle, the Prime Minister corrected them, saying he was taking of Vikas – development.
However, the state unit of the BJP will be alarmed at how thin the crowd in the Morabadi – which overlooks Shibu Soren’s residence – seemed to be. Though Modi campaigned for 10 candidates – all of whom were present on-stage – the number of people were moderate at best by Modi’s standards. “We did not want to trouble the people from other constituencies and asked only people from the Ranchi area to come,” was the excuse Sanjay Seth, the BJP leader who was the emcee for the day, provided. There seemed to be a major mix-up in terms of timing, with even senior leaders unsure about when exactly the Jamshedpur and Ranchi rallies would be. Prabhat Khabar, the state’s most-widely read daily, printed the time of the Ranchi meeting as 1.10 in the afternoon. Modi, on the other hand, was on stage minutes past 1 PM, with large parts of the ground empty.
Modi’s opening remarks were about his party’s single-point agenda this election – to end what the PM called, “tooty-footy,” “aadha-adhura” governments and to form a stable government. “In a coalition government, the parties blame each other. This means that the people cannot demand answers,” said Modi. Recalling that Jharkhand’s voters gave his party 12 of 14 seats from the state, thus making it possible to have a stable government in Delhi, Modi said, “Five years now, you can pull the Modi government’s ear if we have not done good work. The people of the country have the right to pull the ear of the government of the day. But whose ear will you pull if you don’t know who the leader is?”
The PM put the onus on himself to help Jharkhand. “If you give me majority, I will give you a better Jharkhand. This state, which can light up the country, is in darkness. I want to change that,” he said. Modi touched upon a topic rarely made a part of political discourse when he talked about how young women from the state have to travel to work in the kitchens of faraway cities: “We need programmes to stop this. I want to do this work.”
Modi used a favourite speaking point when he noted that Jharkhand had just turned 14 years old. He went on to say that 13-18 years are important in the life of every child: the PM likes to use the analogy – this newspaper was present in Chhaapra, Bihar on April 30 this year, when campaigning for eventual winner Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Modi told young voters that 18-28 years is the most crucial phase of their lives.
In Ranchi on Saturday, Modi stressed that these assembly elections were crucial for the state’s future: “Some parents do not take care of their children between 13 and 18 years and then complain that children took the wrong path. This phase is important for Jharkhand as well: I am willing to take care of you; give me full majority.”

BT MindRush: Unlocking the secret of riding business waveBT MindRush: Unlocking the secret of riding business wave
Crimetown Wasseypur gangs up for clean politics  development and a better life‘Crimetown’ Wasseypur gangs up for clean politics, development
Krittivas Mukherjee , Hindustan Times  Dhanbad, November 29, 2014
First Published: 18:30 IST(29/11/2014) | Last Updated: 21:26 IST(29/11/2014)
Comments
The spicy scent of stewing meat wafts down the winding alleyways of Wasseypur, where a fine frenzy of daily life jars with its reel image of a decrepit ghetto of Muslim gangsters chopping and blasting each other to bits over the rich resources of a tiny coal town.
Madrasa students at Qamar Maqdoomi Road in Wasseypur, Dhanbad.(Parwaz Khan/HT Photo)
True, blind ambition and vengeance oil the wheels of a long-running blood feud between two criminal dynasties in Wasseypur but such rivalries only play out on the margins of a locality which sees no winner in a gang life.
 
For most of its 200,000 inhabitants, the struggle is for a better life, hoping that clean, honest politicians will help alter its squalid veneer and image of a shadowy slum of petty thieves and armed adolescent fighters.
Like much of life in this town, the coal mafia controls the politics of this mineral-rich region, a bane for people like Feroze Khan who feel criminal-politicians have a vested interest in keeping Wasseypur down.
“That’s the only way their shadowy businesses will survive,” says the 43-year-old owner of a diagnostic centre, wearing a baseball cap turned around.
 
Dhanbad votes on December 14. Two of the six top candidates here face criminal charges, including those of kidnapping and murder.
Winds of change
Virtually bypassed by the economic prosperity around it, Wasseypur is a 2-sq km patch of open sewers, alleyways and bric-a-brac houses in the heart of Dhanbad. A main street lined with tiny shops cuts through the crammed colony.
Until six months ago, the only government presence in Wasseypur was a post office and a state-funded madrasa. Now, a new branch of State Bank of India, the first bank for the locality ever, is being seen as symbol of the coming change.
Now, almost everyone insists prosperity is slowly trickling down. Even so, there is not one hospital here and a lack of enough toilets still forces some to suspend their dignity and squat without privacy on the roadside.
 
If the winds of awareness are blowing through Wasseypur then it is because today more parents are insisting on sending their children to school and colleges.
Here, Qamar Maqdoomi Road is a slice of a lane too narrow for even a car to pass through. On it are the houses of Faheem Khan and Sabir Alam, dreaded gang lords whose families have fought for three-generations, a blood-soaked rivalry that inspired Anurag Kashyap’s 2-part film, ‘Gangs of Wasseypur’. Faheem, now in jail for murder, runs his gang from the prison. Alam too is facing murder charges but is out on bail and on the run from Faheem’s men.
 
It was on this road that Abu Imran grew up. With a festering stew of poverty, exploitation and crime his only inspiration, Imran cleared the civil services in 2007 and is now posted as the district collector of neighbouring Ramgarh. Since then, more youngsters have followed suit.
“Imran’s success became a symbol of hope for our youth,” says Asad-ur-Rehman, his elder brother.
Residence of Faheem Khan at Qamar Maqdoomi Road in Wasseypur, Dhanbad. (Parwaz Khan/HT Photo)
A decrepit coal town
Across Dhanbad, decades of lawless coal trading have left their mark, with coal dust casting a thick film of decay on just about everything from rutted roads to trees and houses. Poor families dig coal in unregulated pits; thousands of people carry sacks of illegally mined coal on their heads or by bicycle to mafia-run depots.
More organised rackets control unions and transport, manipulate coal auctions, extort and bribe or outright steal the resource.
 
In this murky intertwining of the mafia, police, politicians, unions and coal companies, gangland killings are common between rival coal clans, both with the surname Singh.
The two clans are relatives of crime boss Suraj Deo Singh who came here from Uttar Pradesh in the 1970s and rose from coal worker to union boss and then MLA. He counted the late Prime Minister Chandra Shekhar as a friend, who once spent a weekend at the ‘Singh Mansion’, a feared symbol of mafia power.
For the gangs, enjoying the spoils of their sinister trade comes with the pretence of respect for each other’s territory. The Singhs control the coal trade; the Muslim gangs find rich pickings from railway contracts and the scrap iron business, all worth around Rs. 3,000 crore annually.
 
Local say, over the past years, the Singhs’ control over coal trade has been challenged by a rising star in Dhanbad underworld – Dhulu Mahto who too, like Suraj Deo, rose from a coal worker to a union leader and then became an MLA.
In Wasseypur, an army of uneducated, unemployed youth ensure a steady supply of recruits for the gangs.
“About 25% of the youth here join the gangs because there are no alternative options for them,” says Bilquis Khanum, the Congress district general secretary.
Still, she says it’s unfair to paint Wasseypur as a crimetown and blames Kashyap’s film for its infamy.
“The crime rate here is no worse than any other part of Dhanbad,” Khanum says.
“Just as others, for our people too it’s about jobs and development. We too want a good future for our children.”

Ask Matt: Which retailers rely on holidaysEMAIL
Q: Which retailers count on the holidays?
A: Retailers often muddle along all year — until the holidays arrive. That’s when many retailers see huge jumps in business.
There’s no question the fourth quarter is more essential to some retailers than others. Video-game seller GameStop (GME) , lingerie seller L Brands (LB) and electronics retailer Best Buy (BBY) get a bigger slice of their business from the fourth quarter than any other retailers in the Standard & Poor’s 500, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
The holidays are essential for GameStop. Video-games are popular gifts for gamers during the holidays. And for that reason, even today, many of the biggest and most anticipated games of the year are released in the last quarter of the year. GameStop’s revenue in the fourth quarter of 2013 was equal to 63% of its revenue in the first, second and third quarters of 2014 combined. That’s the highest contribution from the fourth quarter than any S&P 500 retailers. Best Buy counts on those big end-of-year electronics splurges, too. Consumers who might have held out on buying an Xbox One or big-screen TV can justify the cost in December as a gift. The holidays are important to most retailers, but they’re even more critical for some.
BEST PERFORMING RUSSELL 1000 STOCKS THIS YEAR
Company
Q4 ’13 Rev. as % of Q1-Q3 ’13 Rev.
GameStop

Modi flags off first passenger train from MeghalayaModi flags off first passenger train from Meghalaya
TN Govt added 2 792 MW in three years  says electricity ministerTN Govt added 2,792 MW in three years, says electricity minister
BS Reporter | Chennai Nov 29, 2014 07:12 PM IST
The Government of Tamil Nadu has added 2792 Mega Watt capacity in the last three years, while it would add another 3000 MW through three thermal power projects in future, said Natham R Viswanathan, Minister for Electricity, Prohibition and Excise.
Following a review meeting conducted in the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB), Viswanathan said that the government's effort to be self sustainable in electrity is on progress and more power generation capacity and transmission capabilities are to be added in near future.
The Ennore Thermal Power Station expansion (1x660 MW), a project with a cost of Rs 4,956 crore, the Ennore SEZ Thermal Power Plant, consisting of two units of 660 MW capacity for Rs 7,920 crore, and the Rs 10,121 crore Udangudi Thermal Power Project (2x660 MW) are to be added to the current capacity.
"In the three thermal power projects, the State government would add around 3,300 MW," said a government announcement.
Other projects including the Uppur Thermal Power Project (2x800 MW), with cost estimate is Rs 9,600 crore, the Rs 4,800 crore North Chennai Thermal Power Project Stage III (1x800 MW) and the Ennore Thermal Power Station Replacement (1x660 MW), for which the cost is projected at Rs 3,960 crore, are the projects in pipeline.
During the current fiscal year 2014-15, around 1,529 MW more electricity will be added to the existing availability of electricity, said the minister. This include 235 MW from the 2X250 MW facilty coming up in Neyveli. The 2X500 MW power project under the JV of TNEB and NLC is expected to start production during the financial year and this would add around 387 MW to the available power.
Another JV between the TNEB and the National Thermal Power Corporation for 500 MW will start production from this December and this would give another 350 MW. Besides, the 1,000 MW nuclear power project first phase in Kudankulam is also expected to start generation of power, out of which 562 MW would be added to the overall production capacity.
Rs 1,306 crore is being spent on creating infrastructure through substations and transmission lines in various parts of the country for wind energy. Another 230 KW substation at a cost of Rs 425 crore in Guindy, Chennai, another 400 Kw substation for Rs 576 crore near Gummidipundi, which will be completed in December. Another 230 kw capacity for Chennai Metro Rail for Rs 157 crore, which is expected to be operational by end of January, 2015. A 400 KW substation in Solinganallur, for rs 148 crore, is also expected to be ready by June 2015.
In the southern districts, the government is creating substations for solar projects, with a 400 Ks station in Ramanathapuram for Rs 435 crore, another 230 KW substatioh for Rs 47.5 crore and works to acquire the land is in the process of acquisition. Another Rs 1593 crore project in collaboration with the National Renewable Energy Fund and KFW, Germany, for a 400 KW substation and other projects are also on the process, he said.
Natham Viswanathan gets new post in Assembly
Natham Viswanathan has today been appointed as the leader of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly, after the previous leader of the assembly O Panneerselvam has become the Cief Minister. This comes in the backdrop of All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) supremo J Jayalalithaa was disqualified from the Assembly as she was sentenced for simple imprisonment for four years, by a Bengaluru based Special Court in a disproportionate Asset case.
 

Modi for next-gen infrastructure to check NE youth out-migration to othercitiesWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: November 29, 2014 7:55 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 10:04 pm
Prime minister Narendra Modi on Saturday called for developing such next-generation infrastructure including setting up of optical fibre network in the Northeast which would create immense job opportunities within the region, in the process checking large-scale emigration of youth from here to other states.
“What the Northeast needs now is next-generation infrastructure including information highways that would create immense employment opportunities within the region. Improved connectivity on the other hand will trigger off huge domestic tourist flow to the region. With our government already allocating Rs 28000 crores for the region in the last railway budget, the Northeast is definitely heading for new heights of development,” the prime minister said.
He was flagging off by remote switch the first train from Mendipathar (in Meghalaya) to Guwahati as also laying foundation stone of the Bhairabi-Sairang railway line in Mizoram.
“Times are changing, and so is the world. Northeast today needs gas grid, safe drinking water, round-the-clock electricity. And finally optical fibre network. Infrastructure has to be built keeping in mind the requirements of life of changing times,” he said. Once optical fibre is in place, young people from the Northeast will not require to flock to places like Bangalore and Hyderabad in search of jobs. Call centres can then come up even in remote corners of the Northeast,” the prime minister said.
The Prime Minister said India now needs next-generation infrastructure – consisting of both highways and i-ways (information ways). He said there should be no digital divide, and the vision of Digital India also encompasses the Northeast. Why should there not be a gas-grid, why should we not get electricity for all 24 hours, Modi asked, expressing confidence that next-gen infrastructure would be the key to building a modern India. He said a good optical fibre network would lead to immense opportunities for the Northeast.
“Digital India’s dream must definitely include the Northeast too. Once I-way connectivity is established, remote corners of the Northeast will also be at par with other parts of the country,” he said.
Modi also described railways as a development tool and said railways not only connect people and places but also empower the community. “Railways constitute the backbone of India’s economy. Right now we do not look at railways holistically but only see it as station here and a stoppage here. We want to bring about both horizontal and vertical development of railways by upgrading technology. Railways have to be made the engine of India’s economic growth,” he said.
Pointing out that the NDA government was laying more stress on development of the Northeast, Modi also recalled that during his recent visit to Myanmar he had also explored possibilities of better connectivity between the two countries with special emphasis on how youth from the Northeast could continued…

PM Modi inaugurates platinum jubilee celebrations of The Assam TribunePM Modi inaugurates platinum jubilee celebrations of The Assam Tribune
Respected mmb moderator  i humbly request you to kindly revoke ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

There appears to be some problem. company is yet to declare sept 14 re...Silver Member
3 Followers
Mr Imat do u know where to see and get results details.  I am sure I
U don`t.    Results were declared for sep 2014 quarter in October 2014 itself.  Website is under maintenance for a long time is an issue I agree.
In reply to : imat message
1.17 PM Nov 30th

Sure nick bro..will hope for increase in sales...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Idfc here again i invested based on equity master recommendations;here...Platinum Member
121 Followers
Unfortunately one cannot do that especially in the same sector (PSU Banks). How do u know the runup has not already happened in SBI or Canara? If one wants to get out of this sector, look at stuff that has not run up, like Ambuja Cements, or IDFC (it is going to be a bank in 1 year). Unfortunately I have huge exposure to IDFC and so am not switching. And I also think that one good quarter will result in movement of Corp Bank from here to 420 odd.
In reply to : dhelaria message
3.00 PM Nov 29th

Reliance Communications  unlimited mobile internet plan for Rs 999 per monthCourt refuses to let off Hindalco in coal block allocation case
Reliance Communications on Thursday launched an unlimited mobile internet plan for Rs 999 a month at high speed on its upgraded CDMA network across select cities.
The company has upgraded its CDMA services to Pro 3 network which will offer about peak download speed of 14.7 megabit per second compared to 3.1 mbps offered earlier.
The services has been launched in Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Pune and will soon cover other big cities.
“We are delighted to offer the Pro 3 advantage to our customers in these four cities and will launch the same in other key markets, including Delhi and Mumbai, shortly,” RCom’s Consumer Business Chief Executive Officer Gurdeep Singh said in a statement.
At the promised peak speed, an user can download video file equivalent to general bollywood movie in about six minutes.
The plan has no limit on usage or download speed reduction during the validity period.
“Customers who need to use large amounts of data at high speeds can enjoy limitless internet usage at a never-before monthly plan of just Rs 999, with the True Unlimited Plan, giving them worry-free usage of the Internet without any bill shocks,” the statement said.
Many telecom companies in their unlimited plans reduce download speed after customer exhausts certain data limit.
TAGS: Reliance Communications
More from companies

An enigma in life and deathUpdated: November 28, 2014 16:09 IST
An enigma in life and death
KULDEEP KUMAR
Tweet
AP
Pablo Neruda, poet and then Chilean ambassador to France, talking with reporters in Paris after being named the 1971 Nobel Prize for Literature. File Photo
Special Arrangement
poetry
How we loved him when we were young! In our late teens, we were aspiring poets trying to find our way in the literary jungle. At that age, who will not be smitten by love poetry like this, “I want to do with you, what spring does with the cherry trees.” And “You are like nobody since I love you.” Or, a line that I still remember after more than 40 years, “Love is so short, forgetting is so long.”
While his poetry offered nourishment to our souls, his death on September 23, 1973, in controversial circumstances in military dictator General Pinochet’s Chile further added to his mystique. Pablo Neruda was great in both life and death.
To us, the fact that he had received the Nobel Prize did not matter much. The Nobel has gone to so many undeserving individuals and is no yardstick of a person’s greatness. What impressed us most was Neruda’s status as the most popular poet of the Spanish language whose poetry was savoured by both the masses as well as the classes. He was by any reckoning one of the greatest poets of the 20 Century. Neruda was a close friend of Chilean President Salvador Allende, who was assassinated in the military coup staged by General Pinochet. Many years later, when I watched Z, the 1969 French Algerian film directed by Costa-Gavras, I felt as if it had anticipated the horrendous events of Chile. Neruda’s driver and close friends believed that he was poisoned by the military dictatorship although it was later claimed that he died of cancer.
In the 1970s, Neruda was one of the most popular poets among Hindi writers. Prabhati Nautiyal and Arun Maheshwari translated his poems from Spanish and English respectively and brought them out in a book form. Many Hindi literary magazines published translations of his poems. “Heights of Macchu Picchu” was one of his celebrated poems those days.
Neruda is no longer as popular among Hindi writers as he used to be. Yet, the attraction of his writings as well as his rich life is such that Granth Shilpi, a Hindi publication house managed single-handedly by Shyam Bihari Roy, commissioned well-known Hindi scholar and critic Karan Singh Chauhan to translate his memoirs. This is significant because Roy has dedicated his life with a missionary zeal to bring out only classics of social sciences in Hindi. In the case of Neruda, Roy made an exception and decided to come out of the confines of social sciences.
Karan Singh Chauhan is a former professor of Hindi and not a professional translator. He is also a perceptive literary critic, who is well versed in the nuances of literary expression. Consequently, the translation titled “Mera Jeevan, Mera Samay” (“My Life, My Time”) has turned out to be very readable and does not read like a translation. It retains the feel of the original.
Neruda’s memoirs once again underscore the fact that human beings, especially great creative writers and artists, are very complex and multi-layered creatures. They have to be viewed in totality and not on the basis of one or two facts or facets of their lives. Nowadays gender discourse is the flavour of the season and many variants of feminism are doing the rounds. Women are being projected as if they are always in the right and men are always in the wrong irrespective of the daily news reporting about the role of mothers in honour killings or of mothers-in-law in dowry deaths. How will such feminists react when they read about Neruda making love to a woman immediately after she had slept with his friend Alvaro?
Neruda had an Indian connection too. He had attended the Calcutta session of the Congress in 1928 and had met Motilal Nehru, Jawaharlal Nehru and Subhash Chandra Bose. But, unlike Octavio Paz, he was never posted here.

2G scam: India Cements paid Rs 60 cr to KTV  says witnessCourt refuses to let off Hindalco in coal block allocation case
Owner of IPL’s Chennai Super Kings franchise, India Cements Limited, had paid Rs 60 crore in 2011 to Kalaignar TV Pvt Ltd, an accused firm facing trial in a 2G scam related money laundering case, for advertising its products, a prosecution witness today told a Delhi court.
Deposing as a witness in the case, Vice President of India Cements Ltd R Muralidhar told Special CBI Judge O P Saini that the purpose of paying this amount to the channel was to advertise their products and also publicise its CSK franchise during the IPL.
On being asked by Enforcement Directorate’s prosecutor N K Matta whether any payment was made by the firm to the channel, Muralidhar said, “An amount of Rs 60 crore was paid to Kalaignar TV (P) Limited in 2011.”
“This is the first time we have entered into a long-term electronic media contract with Kalaignar TV (P) Limited. We have not entered into long-term contract with any other TV channel,” he said.
During the cross-examination by advocate Vijay Aggarwal, who appeared for various accused in the case including Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd (STPL) promoter Shahid Usman Balwa, Muralidhar said India Cements Ltd had not committed any “illegality” by entering into the contract with Kalaignar TV Pvt Ltd (KTV).
“It is correct that entering into such stand alone agreements is as per business practice. By entering into this contract, our company has not committed any illegality, rather we have not committed any illegality. We were not aware as to where the funds transferred by us in response to the agreement would be utilized by Kalaignar TV (P) Ltd,” he said.
Former Telecom Minister A Raja, MP Kanimozhi, DMK leader M Karunanidhi’s wife Dayalu Ammal, STPL promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka and 14 others, including nine firms, are facing trial in the case in which the ED had on April 25 filed a charge sheet against them for alleged offences under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
The court had on October 31 framed charges against the 19 accused, 10 individuals and nine companies, saying that Raja, allegedly in connivance with Kanimozhi, Dayalu Ammal and other co-accused, was involved in “parking” of illegal gratification of Rs 200 crore in Kalaignar TV.
During the recording of statement, Muralidhar told the court that, “The money transferred by us to Kalaignar TV (P) Ltd from our lawful source and the same did not bear any taint.”
He also said that the agreement regarding advertisement with Kalaignar TV was a “legitimate business transaction” and their firm benefited hugely from the media exposure through the channel.
During the day’s proceeding, the court also recorded the statement of another prosecution witness, S Ananda Prasad, a senior general manager (taxation) of United Spirits Ltd.
Prasad said that as per January 25, 2011 agreement with Kalaignar TV for a long term advertisement contract for eight years, a sum of Rs 65 crore was paid after deducting tax on January 27, 2011 in three or four tranches.
He also deposed there was no illegality in the transaction with Kalaignar TV.
This is the second case in the 2G scam in which Raja, Kanimozhi and others, including Shahid Balwa and Vinod Goenka, are facing trial for their alleged roles.
The other individual accused in the money laundering case are Directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal, Kalaignar TV MD Sharad Kumar, Bollywood producer Karim Morani and P Amirtham. All of them are out on bail.
The court had also framed charges against accused firms –STPL, Kusegaon Realty Pvt Ltd (formerly Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd), Cineyug Media and Entertainment Pvt Ltd (formerly known as Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd), Kalaignar TV Pvt Ltd, Dynamix Realty, DB Realty Ltd, Eversmile Construction Company Pvt Ltd, Conwood Constructions and Developers (P) Ltd and Nihar Constructions Pvt Ltd.
In the first case probed by CBI, Raja, Kanimozhi, Shahid Balwa, Goenka, Asif Balwa, Rajiv Agarwal, Morani and Sharad Kumar, along with nine others, are facing trial for alleged criminal breach of trust, conspiracy, forgery, cheating and other offences punishable under IPC and the Prevention of Corruption Act.
TAGS: 2G Scam Chennai Super Kings India Cements
More from companies

Indian economy slows  growth falls from 5.7 pct to 5.3 pct in quarterTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Indian economy grew at a better- than-expected rate of 5.3 per cent in July-September quarter on account of improved performance of mining, power and certain services sectors.
The Gross Domestic Growth in the second quarter was better than 5.2 per cent of the same period last fiscal but was slower than 5.7 per cent rate achieved in April-June quarter of current fiscal. There were expectations that September quarter growth would fall to 5-5.1 per cent range.
According to data released here today by the Central Statistics Office (CSO), the economic growth in first half (April-September) of this fiscal was 5.5 per cent as compared to 4.9 per cent in the same period in 2013-14.
The mining sector grew by 1.9 per cent in July-September quarter compared a flat output in same period year-ago. During April-September, the sector grew by 2 per cent compared a contraction of 2 per cent in corresponding period of 2013-14.
However, manufacturing sector recorded a meagre growth of 0.1 per cent in the second quarter of 2014-15 as against a growth of 1.3 per cent in same period of 2013-14. During April-September period, the sector grew by 1.8 per cent compared to a growth of 0.1 per cent in first half of previous fiscal.
Electricity, gas and water supply segment grew by 8.7 per cent in second quarter compared to 7.8 per cent in same period last year. During first half of this fiscal, the segment grew by 9.5 per cent compared to 5.8 per cent in six month period of 2013-14.
The farm sector, which includes agriculture, forestry and fishing, recorded deceleration in growth at 3.2 per cent in second quarter compared to 5 per cent a year ago. During April-September, the sector grew by 3.5 per cent compared to 4.5 per cent in the same period a year ago.
The community, social and personal services sector grew at 9.6 per cent in second quarter compared to 3.6 per cent in the same period last year.
During April-September, the segment grew by 9.4 per cent compared to 6.8 per cent in the six month period of 2013-14.
According to the data, the financial services sector grew at 9.5 per cent in second quarter compared to 12.1 per cent in July-September last year. During April-September, the segment grew by 10 per cent compared to 12.5 per cent in first of half of previous fiscal.
The construction sector expanded 4.6 per cent in second quarter of this fiscal as against 4.4 per cent growth in the year-ago period. In April-September, the sector grew by 4.7 per cent compared to a growth of 2.7 per cent in the first half of previous fiscal.
Growth in the trade, hotels, transport and communications segment also inched up to 3.8 per cent in the second quarter from 3.6 per cent in the same period of 2013-14. During April-September the sector grew by 3.3 per cent compared to 2.6 per cent in the first half of previous fiscal.
Gross Fixed Capital Formation (GFCF), a barometer of investment at current prices is estimated at Rs 8.28 lakh crore in second of this fiscal as against Rs 7.94 lakh crore in second quarter of 2013-14.
At constant (2004-05) prices, the GFCF is estimated at Rs 4.98 lakh crore in second quarter of this fiscal as against Rs 4.97 lakh crore in second quarter of 2013-14.
Government Final Consumption Expenditure (GFCE) at current prices is estimated at Rs 3.43 lakh crore in second quarter of this fiscal as against Rs 2.94 lakh crore year ago.
At constant (2004-05) prices, the GFCE is estimated at Rs 1.63 lakh crore in the second quarter of 2014-15 as against Rs 1.48 lakh crore in Q2 of 2013-14.
According to the first advance estimates of production of foodgrains, oilseeds and other commercial crops for 2014-15 — released by the
Department of Agriculture and Cooperation on September 9 — production of cereals, pulses and oilseeds recorded a decline by 6.6 per cent, 13.6 per cent and 12.2 per cent respectively during the Kharif season of 2014-15 compared to production of these crops in the Kharif season of 2013-14.
COMMENTARY
DEBOPAM CHAUDHURI, CHIEF ECONOMIST, ZYFIN RESEARCH
Slowing government spending and exports during the quarter ending Sep 2014 contributed to this renewed slowdown in economic activity. Hopefully, the RBI would take cues from this in its upcoming policy review meet, although their internal models still foresee a pick-up in inflation in Q4 FY 14-15. Amidst these worrying signals, it is encouraging to note a gradual rise in consumer confidence towards future economic outlook. And if the government is able to effectively manage these expectations, a spending led upward shift in India’s aggregate demand should pave the way for a more sustained economic expansion.
SUJIT KUMAR SINGH, ECONOMIST, UNION BANK OF INDIA
The GDP growth number was supported by agriculture and government expenditure, both of which won’t sustain in the next quarters. We need both fiscal and monetary policy action to revive growth. While government reforms will be quicker in terms of expanding capacity utilisation by companies, monetary transmission works with a lag of two quarters. But one cannot run fast with both hands tied to the back. So we need cost of borrowing to come down, for which interest rates have to be cut, as well as risk premium of doing business has also to come down, which will need government reforms.
UPASNA BHARDWAJ, ECONOMIST, ING VYSYA BANK, MUMBAI
One positive surprise was the agriculture number which has propelled GDP, but going ahead I don’t think agriculture growth is likely to remain at such high levels. At the same time, the government spending which is reflected in the services component of the GDP numbers has also seen significant growth, but I expect that number to also come down given the tight fiscal situations.
So, in short, both the factors which are supporting growth will not be there to propel in the next quarter which is a worry. However, we were not expecting RBI to change its policy stance next week, and these numbers further affirm that. If it was a very, very low number, there would have been prssure on the governor to act immediately. The better than expected overall GDP growth gives him that cushion until the next policy to take a call on rate cuts.
SONAL VARMA, ECONOMIST AT NOMURA INDIA, MUMBAI
GDP growth is largely in line with our expectations (5.4 percent). In terms of the sectoral trends, agriculture growth is quite robust (3.2 percent) considering the weak monsoons and suggests rising share of commercial crops in overall agriculture production.
Industrial growth has moderated in Q3 due to weak manufacturing activity, but this was anticipated. Services sector growth has accelerated led by a pick-up in trade/transportation activity and also increased government spending. On the demand side, consumption accelerated, investment demand slumped and net exports dragged down growth, so the composition is not ideal.
However, leading indicators suggest that India’s business cycle is already on a gradual recovery path and hence we remain positive on the growth outlook. Expect GDP growth at around 5.5 percent in FY15 and 6.5 percent in FY16. No change to RBI view: On hold on Dec. 2.
RUPA REGE NITSURE, CHIEF ECONOMIST, BANK OF BARODA, MUMBAI
If I go by all leading indicators, they suggest credit demand has almost collapsed and corporates are still in wait and watch mode. So maybe the impact of delayed monsoon will be more severely felt in the third quarter GDP numbers. So in my understanding of the underlying currents, growth appears to be in the neighbourhood of 5.2-5.3 percent (2014/15).
RBI will not give much weightage to this factor because they want to institute a credible inflation fighting regime. They have been saying in clear terms that the growth stimulus has to come from the government. They would like to wait and see the trend in global commodity prices because geopolitical factors cannot be taken for granted. They will not take any action hastily now or in the current fiscal year.
Increasingly, their tone will become more dovish. It is likely RBI may go for sector-specific measures to stimulate credit rather than the broad-brush approach of bringing down interest rates.
SHIVOM CHAKRABARTI, SENIOR ECONOMIST, HDFC BANK, MUMBAI
The GDP growth number is slightly better than we expected because of better-than-expected agriculture growth which we do not expect to sustain in the third and fourth quarters. Overall, the economy has bottomed out and there is a slow and modest recovery. Now the onus is on the government to boost growth by reviving investment climate and get reforms moving like passing the land acquisition bill, goods and service tax, insurance bill. That will have a more pronounced impact on growth in the next fiscal year.
A rate cut will help, but given RBI’s aggressive stance to achieve 6 percent inflation by Jan 2016, we expect RBI to cut rates at the earliest in February but the tone of the policy statement on Tuesday will be dovish to build in a case for a rate cut going ahead.
Indian growth slows less than feared, easing pressure for rate cut
(Reuters) A slowdown in India’s economy in the last quarter will increase calls for Prime Minister Narendra Modi to step up reforms but was less severe than feared, giving the central bank ammunition to resist government pressure to cut interest rates.
Gross domestic product expanded 5.3 percent in the July-September quarter from a year earlier, as a manufacturing slump took the bounce out of Asia’s third-largest economy. Growth in the previous quarter was at a 2-1/2 year high of 5.7 percent.
Thanks to growth in services and stronger-than-expected farming after a bad monsoon, the reading was higher than predicted by economists polled by Reuters, who on average forecast growth of 5.1 percent.
“Now the onus is on the government to boost growth by reviving the investment climate and get reforms moving,” said Shivom Chakrabarti, Senior Economist with HDFC bank. “That will have a more pronounced impact on growth in the next fiscal year.”
Worried by the growth performance, and encouraged by low oil prices and falling inflation, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will reiterate his request that Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan cut interest rates when the central bank holds it policy review on Dec. 2, ministry officials have told Reuters.
Rajan can be expected to argue that with the slowdown not as severe as some forecast, inflation concerns carry more weight.
“If it was a very, very low number, there would have been pressure on the governor to act immediately. The better than expected overall GDP growth gives him that cushion” to wait, said Upasna Bhardwaj, Economist at ING Vysya Bank.
Economists polled by Reuters said a cut was unlikely, although markets have priced in a 25 basis point cut in the repo rate to 7.75 percent.
India is behind China, but among other large emerging economies it fares relatively well. On Friday, Brazil crawled from recession with quarterly growth of 0.1 percent.
CONSOLIDATED POWER
Elected in May with the first single party majority since the early 1980s, Modi was expected to live up to his market-friendly reputation by aggressively pursuing a reform agenda to remove obstacles to India’s industrialisation.
Instead, his government has consolidated power by winning provincial elections to gain control of key states while offering little in the way of substantial new legislation.
The measures Modi has taken so far, including allowing more foreign investment in defence and construction, slashing red tape for businesses and ending major fuel subsidies, have yet to change the mood on the ground.
Poor corporate earnings in the September quarter highlighted weak consumer demand.
The global outlook has not helped, with India’s exports slowing in the second quarter after orders from Europe dropped.
Trends suggest overall growth will likely be at the lower end of the government’s 5.4-5.9 percent target for the fiscal year.
That would be an improvement on the previous two years of sub-five percent growth, the weakest phase since the 1980s, but still far too slow to generate the jobs needed for India’s rapidly expanding workforce.
Reflecting the goodwill and hope placed in Modi, the Indian share market is the best performer in Asia so far this year.
The nationalist premier has the backing of big business, but industrialists are still waiting for signs to convince them to boost spending on plant and machinery.
Data on Friday showed that seven months into the financial year the fiscal deficit is at 90 percent of its full year target as tax income fell short. Jaitley may choose spending cuts to meet his deficit goal, at the cost of further pressure on demand.
The government is hopeful of pushing several more reforms in the next few weeks, including looser foreign investment restrictions on insurance, overhauling land laws and new tax measures, but must overcome opposition in parliament.
This week parliament approved changes to labour laws to loosen regulation on small businesses.
In the new year, all eyes will be on Jaitley’s February budget. Some analysts say markets could turn on the government if it fails to prove its commitment to structural reform.
TAGS: GDP Growth Indian Economy
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Deficit at 90%: Analysts see Finance Minister effecting more spending cutsTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
With government borrowing touching 90 per cent of the budgeted target till October, leading brokerages have said this may force Finance Minister Arun Jaitley to announce another round of spending cuts.
Blaming high fiscal deficit to poor revenue receipts due to lower tax collection and lack of divestment proceeds, Nomura India chief economist Sonal Varma described the fiscal position as a “tighter spot” and said the finance minister will be forced to announce more spending cuts over and above the 10 per cent he has already announced.
The government yesterday said the fiscal deficit touched 89.6 per cent of its full-year budgeted target. Against this during the same period last fiscal, it was 84.4 per cent. The budget has pegged a 4.1 per cent deficit target for this fiscal and Jaitley has many a time reiterated that he will not cross the red line of the fiscal discipline front.
“The finance ministry has implemented a mandatory 10 per cent cut in discretionary spending and it will also save on lower fuel subsidies in H2 due to the fall in oil prices. However, today’s data indicate, in our view, that the above measures may not fully offset the shortfall in tax revenues and lack of disinvestment. Therefore, additional spending cuts may be necessary to meet the fiscal deficit target,” Varma said in a note.
In a separate note, Citigroup India chief economist Rohini Malkani said trends in government finances remain weak and the present deficit is way above the five year average of 74 per cent in April-October period.
While the government has announced a 10 per cent cut in non-Plan expenditure, which is 0.3 per cent of GDP, we believe that the cuts are likely to be extended in Plan expenditure as well to the tune of 0.5 per cent of GDP for government to meet its fiscal targets,” Malkani said.
While in the near term, the government will aim to meet FY15 target of 4.1 per cent through austerity measures and planned expenditure cuts, fiscal consolidation over longer-term could only be achieved with structural fiscal reforms. All eyes are now on the next Budget for clarity/direction on implementation of GST, targeted cash transfers and expenditure rationalisation, she said. (More) PTI BEN NSK MR RYS 11281920
Malkani further said that while the 4.1 per cent target for FY15 appears challenging, recent steps on expenditure compression like diesel de-regulation, the 10 per cent cut in spending and a possible reduction in Plan expenditure could help it come close to its target.
She also noted that revenue rose only 4.8 per cent against the budget target of 18.6 per cent, while gross tax collections remained sluggish at 5.9 per cent in April-October period against budgeted growth of 17.7 per cent.
However, on the positive side, she said the government has kept expenditures in check primarily by limiting Plan expenditure at 0.4 per cent vs BE of 20.9 per cent, and non-Plan expenditure has also been reined in at 6.2 per cent vs BE of 9.4 per cent.
Nomura said the fiscal slippage is largely due to lower receipts, as was the case last month.
Lower receipts are due to the weak tax collection (April-October net tax collection grew at just a paltry 5.9 per cent y-o-y compared to a target of 19.8 per cent) and no progress on the disinvestment process, Varma said.
It can be noted that the government has cut its spending and growth has fallen to 4.3 per cent y-o-y in the April-October period from 6.6 per cent in April-September period.
Though the government was planning big ticket sell-offs in Coal India, ONGC and SAIL after Diwali, nothing has moved so far on this front. Last week the divestment department has postponed the sale process to January.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Ferguson: Police arrests 15 people in protest-hit St Louis suburbBy: Agence-France Presse | Ferguson |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:09 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 4:24 pm
Police arrested 15 people in the protest-hit St Louis suburb of Ferguson on Friday in more demonstrations demanding justice for an unarmed black teenager killed by police.
There have also been sporadic demonstrations around the United States after a Missouri grand jury decided earlier this week not to indict the white policeman who shot dead 18-year-old Michael Brown in August.
Monday’s announcement that officer Darren Wilson will not face charges sparked protests, looting and eruptions of gun fire in Ferguson, and demonstrators were again on the streets in the predominantly black suburb on Friday.
“Police in Ferguson issued warning to protesters leave streets. Some protesters ignored warnings. Were taken into custody,” St Louis County Police Department tweeted.
In a subsequent tweet, it added: “Confirmed: 15 arrested in Ferguson; one facing assault on a law enforcement officer charge. Other protesters remain peaceful.”

Egypt court drops case against ex-president MubarakEgypt court drops case against ex-president Mubarak
AI aircraft tyres deflate  none injuredAI aircraft tyres deflate, none injured
PTI
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov 29:  
The rear tyres of a Dibrugarh— Kolkata Air India (AI) flight deflated when the aircraft was taxying after landing at NSC Bose International Airport here today.
All the 133 passengers were safe and had deplaned using step ladders, Air India sources said.
The plane was taxying on the taxi bay when the pilot felt that the rear wheels on the left had deflated. The pilot immediately informed the ground engineers, who took charge of the situation, sources said.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Modi government has plans to privatise coal sector  says Sonia GandhiPress Trust of India | Nov 29, 2014 at 06:32pm IST
Patamda: Congress President Sonia Gandhi on Saturday alleged that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has plans to privatise the coal sector to benefit a few industrialists at the cost of the people. "The Congress nationalised the coal sector to give benefits to the people of the state while the BJP government has planned to privatise it to extend benefits to a select few industrialists," Gandhi claimed.
Addressing a poll meeting in support of her candidate from Jugsalai (SC) Dulal Bhuyan, Gandhi further alleged that the Modi government harbours plans to "weaken" the Right to Information Act, MGNREGA and Land Acquisition Act.
The previous UPA government, she added, enacted the acts in the interest of tribals and dalits. Flaying Modi on the tribal issue, Gandhi alleged that "the BJP does exactly the opposite to what it says. "Gujarat has eight per cent tribal population, but a majority of them were displaced because of the state government's acquisition of land to extend benefit to capitalists," Gandhi said.
"The Congress nationalised the coal sector to give benefits to the people of the state while the BJP government has planned to privatise it to extend benefits to a select few industrialists," the Congress President claimed.
Gandhi appealed to the people to give the Congress a majority this time as the BJP-led governments had "looted" Jharkhand while promising development in the mineral-rich state if voted to power. "We are committed to serve the interests of the tribals and others. We need your support by giving the Congress majority," Gandhi said ahead of the second of the five-phase elections scheduled on December 2 for 20 constituencies.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Congress  BJP rush to Raj Bhavan as deadlock continues in AssemblyNov 29, 2014 at 06:26pm IST
Congress, BJP rush to Raj Bhavan as deadlock continues in Assembly
7
0
Bhubaneswar: Angry over Speaker's refusal to allow discussion in Odisha Assembly on chitfund scam issue that paralysed the House for eight days, opposition Congress and BJP on Saturday sought intervention of Governor SC Jamir to uphold the constitutional spirit.
Law-makers of both the parties separately marched to Raj Bhavan after the House was adjourned in the pre-lunch session due to pandemonium. The House witnessed uproar with ruling BJD, opposition Congress and BJP members shouting in the well leading to adjournment till afternoon.
When the House re-assembled at 3 pm, similar agitation was repeated in the well forcing Speaker Niranjan Pujari to adjourn the house twice and convened an all party meeting to resolve the crisis.
Law-makers of both the parties separately marched to Raj Bhavan after the House was adjourned in the pre-lunch session due to pandemonium.
#congress #bjp #raj bhavan #chitfund scam
Rejecting opposition demand for a discussion on chitfund scam, Pujari on Friday had said "there will be no discussion on the chitfund issue as per the advice of the Advocate General. I also feel AG's advice was justified."
Opposition members alleged that there was a conspiracy to throttle their voice in the name of AG's advice. "The AG, it seems, is .. to curtail the right of the members in placing their views on different subjects on the floor of the House," the Congress Legislature Party (CLP) members said in a memorandum to the Governor.
"There has been a constitutional deadlock and at this stage we appeal to your Excellency to immediately intervene in the matter and take appropriate action to uphold the constitutional law as the head of the state," the CLP memorandum said.
Terming the development in Odisha Assembly as "murder of democracy," BJP legislators in their petition to the Governor said "can the AG being a lawyer for the state government be allowed to decide what is to be discussed on the floor of the House especially when there is clear conflict of interest in this case."
Outside the Assembly, Leader of Opposition and Congress stalwart Narasingha Mishra claimed, "the incumbent AG was earlier an advocate of a chitfund company. On moral grounds, he should have opted not to give any comments on chit fund related issues. We demand he should resign immediately."
Further, Mishra claimed, the AG had violated the Bar Council's code of conduct by giving comments to Speaker on chit fund issue.
0

Man gets 10-year jail term for raping womanMan gets 10-year jail term for raping woman
Will IPL lose last season s two best performing teams (Column: Just Sport)Will IPL lose last season s two best performing teams (Column: Just Sport)
Government to implement financial sector reforms panel s proposalsGovernment to implement financial sector reforms panel s proposals
Swedish woman in search of her biological parents in IndiaNov 29, 2014 at 08:02pm IST
Swedish woman in search of her biological parents in India
9
0
Kolkata: Adopted by a Swedish couple 33 years ago, Swedish national of Indian origin Rebecca Aditi Sandlert is on a unique quest in India to find her biological parents in northern West Bengal's Siliguri.
Born in Siliguri in 1980 to a Nepali mother and Bengali father, 34-year-old Sandlert was adopted in 1981 from an orphanage in Kolkata after her estranged parents abandoned her.
"I have come here from Sweden to look for my birth parents. I am looking for more information on my background.
Born in Siliguri in 1980 to a Nepali mother and Bengali father, 34-year-old Sandlert was adopted in 1981 from an orphanage in Kolkata.
#biological parents #parents #rebecca aditi sandlert #sweden
"I know my mother was a Nepali and my father was Bengali. I don't know much about my background because I was adopted from here," Sandlert told a TV channel.
Sandlert grew up in Stockholm and became a social worker at the Stockholm Public Service. She is married to a Swede and has a one-year-old daughter.
On her first visit to India, Sandlert is being assisted by Bapan Das, a Kolkata Police officer, who shot into the limelight after helping a Bihar youth, lost in Siliguri, reunite with his family.
7

NIA questions terrorists held in connection with Burdwan blastNov 29, 2014 at 07:29pm IST
NIA questions terrorists held in connection with Burdwan blast
7
0
Kolkata: NIA on Saturday questioned the terrorists arrested in connection with the Burdwan blast case and tried to extract information about JMB's links in West Bengal.
A senior NIA official said that the work of the seven-member team from Bangladesh, which arrived here to probe the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh link into the October 2 blast, was almost completed and it was likely to leave on Sunday.
The Bangladeshi team held a discussion with NIA and exchanged information on the blast in which Bangladeshi jihadi elements were allegedly involved.
A large number of IEDs were recovered from the house in Burdwan's Khagragarh where the blast had occurred.
#burdwan blast #nia #kolkata #terrorists
Additional Director General Abu Hena Mustafa Kamal and Director Rapid Action Battalion (RAB) Abul Kalam Azad led the Bangladeshi team that told newspersons on its arrival on Friday that it would discuss the Burdwan blast case with NIA officials.
A large number of IEDs were recovered from the house in Burdwan's Khagragarh where the blast had occurred. Two persons were killed in the incident.
An international terror network having interests in Bangladesh is suspected to have a hand in it and of the eight arrested so far in connection with the blast, most are nationals of that country.
The Bangladeshi team had already interacted with the four NIA officials, who visited Dhaka recently and handed over documents to them regarding presence of JMB in several districts of West Bengal.
NIA's information had helped the Dhaka sleuths to nab four JMB suspects, including JMB women wing chief Fatema Begum, who is also the wife of Burdwan blast prime accused Sajid.
0

Vodafone  Airtel face highest penalty for tarifVodafone  Airtel face highest penalty for tarif
Rajan changed his views after becoming RBI Guv: SrikrishnaRajan changed his views after becoming RBI Guv: Srikrishna
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Nov 29, 2014 08:03 PM IST
Hitting back at RBI Governor for his views on FSLRC recommendations, its Chairman B N Srikrishna today said Raghuram Rajan was once in favour of an appellate tribunal but changed his stance after moving to the central bank.
"In his 2009 report 'A 100 Steps', Dr Rajan wrote 'regulatory action should be subject to appeal to the financial sector appellate tribunals'," Srikrishna said while adding this report was a guiding light for the Commission.
The Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC) had suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has recommended setting up a unified Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT) that would hear all appeals against financial sector regulators.
It had also suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising Sebi, Irda, FMC and part of RBI.
Rajan had earlier in June had criticised FSLRC recommendations as "somewhat schizophrenic".
"On the one hand, it emphasises synergies in bringing together some regulators into one entity. But in the process it suggests breaking up other regulators, with attendant loss of synergies," Rajan had said.
Noting that frictions are welcome and good for liberal democracy, Srikrishna said "reforms unsettles the powerful, hence it ruffles feathers, but it is necessary and must be done".
Pitching for a change, he said: "Parts of our regulatory machinery have become brittle, fragile or worse completely irrelevant and utterly useless if not downright harmful to our own interest. It is this concern which motivated the proposed reforms," he said, highlighting the need to change.
Calling for the need to move away from the reliance on "jugaad", Srikrishna said, "we must reform in anticipation of future crisis, not only in response to past ones."
He said our institutions need to be truly world class if we aspire for an exponential growth in our economy in the next 15-20 years.

India  Mozambique to strengthen cooperationIndia, Mozambique to strengthen cooperation
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Nov 29, 2014 08:00 PM IST
India and Mozambique today decided to work together on issues relating to tackling the Ebola virus, which has reportedly killed over 1,300 in West Africa and played havoc with their economies, and gain through each other's experience in this regard.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and her Mozambican counterpart Oldemiro Baloi held comprehensive talks during which they reviewed all aspects of bilateral cooperation between India and Mozambique, which was amongst the largest recipient of Indian Lines of Credit in Africa of more than $600 million.
Bilateral trade between India and Mozambique is $1.5 billion and the two leaders agreed that there was greater scope for economic cooperation between the two countries, including enhancing Indian investments in that country. India is amongst the top five trade partners of Mozambique
There are prospects of enhanced cooperation in the areas of upstream and downstream in the oil and gas sector, the External Affairs Ministry said here.
"The two Ministers also decided to work together on issues relating to tackling the Ebola virus and gain through each other's experience in this regard," it added.
The two leaders also discussed the issue of terrorism in the back drop of increasing activities of Boko Haram militants in Nigeria.

Raghuram Rajan changed his views after becoming RBI Guv: B N SrikrishnaTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Hitting back at RBI Governor for his views on Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC) recommendations, its Chairman B N Srikrishna today said Raghuram Rajan was once in favour of an appellate tribunal but changed his stance after moving to the central bank.
“In his 2009 report ‘A 100 Steps’, Dr Rajan wrote ‘regulatory action should be subject to appeal to the financial sector appellate tribunals’,” Srikrishna said while adding this report was a guiding light for the Commission.
The FSLRC had suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has recommended setting up a unified Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT) that would hear all appeals against financial sector regulators.
It had also suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising SEBI, IRDA, FMC and part of RBI.
Rajan had earlier in June had criticised FSLRC recommendations as “somewhat schizophrenic”.
“On the one hand, it emphasises synergies in bringing together some regulators into one entity. But in the process it suggests breaking up other regulators, with attendant loss of synergies,” Rajan had said.
Noting that frictions are welcome and good for liberal democracy, Srikrishna said “reforms unsettles the powerful, hence it ruffles feathers, but it is necessary and must be done”.
Pitching for a change, he said: “Parts of our regulatory machinery have become brittle, fragile or worse completely irrelevant and utterly useless if not downright harmful to our own interest. It is this concern which motivated the proposed reforms,” he said, highlighting the need to change.
Calling for the need to move away from the reliance on “jugaad”, Srikrishna said, “we must reform in anticipation of future crisis, not only in response to past ones.”
He said our institutions need to be truly world class if we aspire for an exponential growth in our economy in the next 15-20 years.
TAGS: B N Srikrishna Raghuram Rajan Reserve Bank Of India Sebi
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Yadav duos plays perfect pitch at AhmedabadBy: Express News Service | Gandhinagar |
Posted: November 29, 2014 8:32 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 10:05 pm
Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav and his son and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday tried hard to be diplomatic about their political and social moves in Gujarat, as the father took a critical note of the Narendra Modi government and son paid a courtesy visit to chief minister Anandiben Patel the same day.
The Yadav clan, which also includes Mulayam Singh’s younger brother Shivpal who is the SP general secretary, were in Ahmedabad to attend the pre-wedding event of former chairman of Medical Council of India (MCI) chief Dr Ketan Desai, daughter Erika, in Ahmedabad Saturday.
Soon after landing at Ahmedabad airport, Mulayam Singh Yadav told journalists, “He (Modi) had said that he will fulfill promises in six months. We remained quiet for six months. But now we will speak”.
He further said, “The biggest of all promises was of giving employment to youths. But he has so far failed to do so”. In the same breath he said,  “He (Modi) does hard work and remains among the people. But he has failed to fulfill his promises”.
Over the issue of the forging family ties with Lalu Prasad Yadav, former UP Chief Minister said, “It is personal matter. Cannot be related to politics. And, earlier also we have for years worked for the same party. I used to visit as colleague to Bihar when he was CM”.
Replying to questions of plans of third front, Mulayam Singh said, “The BJP has come to power because of someone’s weakness. But SP has not gone weak. Seats may have reduced, our voting percentage has not gone down. We have maintained our strong position”.
Yadav had reportedly batted for the former MCI chairman who had been arrested and was investigated by the CBI in an alleged corruption case in 2010. In December 2013, Yadav is learnt to have written to the then union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad, to reinstate him in the MCI .
The senior Yadav also took note of the issue of the Vadodara based Gujarati actor Chandani Rajgaur, who had put herself up for sale on facebook to earn money to medically treat her parents. Yadav said, that that government should come forward to help the woman from Vadodara .
Uttar Pradesh CM Akhilesh Yadav met Patel at her office in Gandhinagar Saturday afternoon for over an hour.  The Gujarat Information Department sent out pictures of the two chief ministers calling it a “courtesy visit”. However Akhilesh refused to say anything about the meeting, saying he was in Ahmedabad “for a wedding” and would not take any questions.

Brendon McCullum  Kane Williamson put New Zealand in control of third TestBy: Reuters | Sharjah |
Posted: November 29, 2014 8:26 pm
Captain Brendon McCullum’s blistering double hundred and a record 297-run stand with centurion Kane Williamson put New Zealand firmly in control of the third and final Test against Pakistan in Sharjah on Saturday.
McCullum (202) fell two balls after completing his fourth double hundred in Tests, the fourth fastest ever, but the visitors continued to pile on runs and reached 637 for eight at stumps on the third day, a first-innings lead of 286.
Williamson also reached his eighth hundred in the morning and was out for 192, his highest Test score, by the first ball after tea as New Zealand, trailing 1-0 in the series, continued to score runs at a fierce pace.
Resuming on 249-1, the aggressive duo of McCullum and Williamson hit boundaries off pacemen and spinners at will on their way to breaking New Zealand’s record for the highest second-wicket Test partnership.
The 33-year-old McCullum, who hit 21 fours in his 188-ball knock, got past his double-hundred against leg-spinner Yasir Shah with his 11th six but was bowled round his legs in the same over while attempting a sweep shot.
The celebration was again muted in memory of Australian Phillip Hughes, who died on Thursday after being hit on the neck by a bouncer two days earlier, with both sets of players continuing to wear black armbands.
There was also no jubilation from Williamson after he drove Mohammad Talha for a boundary to bring up his century.
While McCullum was brutal in his strokeplay, the 24-year-old Williamson manufactured his runs with grace and timing.
He continued to drive New Zealand on after his skipper’s departure and added 116 for the third with Ross Taylor (50), who became Yasir’s second victim.
Williamson edged paceman Rahat Ali straight to Younus Khan at the lone slip position after hitting 23 fours and a six during his 244-ball knock.
Rahat (4-89) also dismissed Corey Anderson after the left-hander had scored a quick-fire 50, studded with seven boundaries and two huge sixes.
Yasir picked up his third wicket in the form of Tim Southee but not before he had further dented the morale of Pakistan’s bowlers by hammering another quick-fire 50 for New Zealand, who have already posted their third-highest score in Tests.

BJP against joining hands with Shiv Sena in local body pollsWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 8:15 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 8:19 pm
The BJP top leadership on Saturday revealed that there is growing pressure within the party ranks not to have any alliance with the Shiv Sena for the coming municipal corporation and zilla parishad elections across Maharashtra. The BJP wants its leaders to outline the roadmap clearly with the Sena when it discusses the cabinet formation.
The BJP reckons the political challenges ahead as any alliance in cabinet in Maharashtra for stability of government comes with a big question mark on how to face each other as rivals in the local bodies.
The mood in the party is BJP should not give away its political space to Shiv Sena in any local bodies elections. Thus indicating that Shiv Sena, which broke the alliance ahead of 2014 assembly elections, cannot be considered as political ally. And its equations should be confined to “need based”. A case in point its presence in NDA or if it agrees to join the Fadnavis government.
The BJP local leaders and elected members have categorically conveyed to the central and state party leaders that if the Shiv Sena takes the decision to join the Devendra Fadnavis government in Maharashtra it should be confined only to the government functioning. And that it cannot be stretched to local bodies elections which will begin from March 2014.
The development comes a day after Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray and BJP’s Union Minister for Petroleum and Natural gas Dharmendra Pradhan held two hour long meeting in Mumbai. Both the sides are still working the proposals.
The Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Saturday said, “Although we have not reached a final conclusion the talks between Sena and BJP are still going on. I would like to reiterate that BJP wants the Sena to join the government in Maharashtra.”
However, at its internal meeting the BJP leadership at length discussed the political challenges ahead if Shiv Sena is taken on board in the government. Insiders revealed to The Indian Express, “The BJP wants the Shiv Sena to discuss the roadmap ahead including the coming municipal corporations and zilla parishad elections.”
Thus indicating that BJP is not willing to reconcile to the Sena’s upper hand in any of the civic bodies including Bombay Municipal Corporation (BMC), Thane Municipal Corporation, Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation, Pune Municipal Corporation et al.
A senior BJP functionary who vehemently voiced the party workers views at the meeting said, “After the 2014, Lok Sabha and assembly elections the political equations have drastically altered. The BJP is not only number one party in state but expects to do much better in the civic bodies. Now, will the Shiv Sena accept the BJP’s political growth.”
Even at present apart from BMC, BJP has strongholds in several local bodies and zilla parishads across Nagpur, Bhandara, Pune, Navi Mumbai el at.
At the end of 24 hours, Sena has not responded to BJP’s proposal for ten ministers in the Fadnavis government. A Sena leader said, “The BJP offered us one-third representation in government by givin ten berths. We have insisted for deputy chief minister and home minister portfolio.”

Modi in Ranchi: Emphasises BJP always took care of tribalsWritten by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:30 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 3:24 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday seemed to respond to constant barbs from the Congress about his party’s stance on adivasis and said in Ranchi that it was that Atal Bihari Vajpayee government that created a Ministry of Tribal Affairs.
Over the past week, Congress’s Sonia and Rahul Gandhi had been telling their audiences in the state that the Narendra Modi government was propped up by industrialists, who will deprive the adivasis of various rights granted during the UPA governments.
Modi, who spoke for just over 32 minutes at the Morabadi ground in the afternoon, termed the Congress’s claims lies. “….Adivasis have been here even during the time of Bhagwan Ram…. But the Congress did not know that there are adivasis in the country,” Modi said. He added that the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government, in addition to creating a separate Tribal Affairs Ministry, had also budgeted extra funds for tribal welfare. “Wherever adivasis live in large numbers, they have voted for a BJP government – in Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. Jharkhand also has a large adivasi population,” Modi trailed off, which led to the crowd crying out, “BJP will form a government here!”
Modi of course left out states like Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Manipur, Tripura, Meghalaya, Sikkim, Orissa and Assam – which have a larger percentage of adivasis in the general population than either Maharashtra or Gujarat – and do not have BJP governments in place.
Modi also cited the Chhattisgarh state government as an example of the model of governance he is promoting. “Raman Singh has done more for adivasis than what Congress can think of. Though both states have the same age, Chhattisgarh has built a new capital. In Jharkhand, all offices run from rented premises,” Modi said. He used this to attack JMM leaders Shibu Soren and son Hemant Soren, also the chief minister. “This is because baap-beta do not want to do anything for you,” Modi said.
Even as he effectively burnt bridges with the JMM – which, under the leadership of Hemant Soren, is expected to put up a good performance despite a resurgent BJP and which could be willing to support the BJP’s efforts to form a government if it falls short of majority – it was evident that Modi had been briefed to play the tribal card by his advisors. At Chandwa in Latehar on November 21, Modi had not mentioned his party’s plans for adivasis at all.
At an earlier point in his speech too, Modi had attacked the Sorens. While talking of how his state government supplied drinking water to arid Gujarat in large-diameter pipes, Modi claimed the Sorens had done nothing to solve the drinking water crisis in Jharkhand. “The baap-beta who had a sarkar here can sit in the car along with their family and drive inside the pipe to go to the other end. That’s how large those pipes are,” Modi said, to laughter.
As usual, Modi seemed to establish a rapport with his audience. At one point in his speech, he said, “There is a herb to solve all your problems. That herb is?” and waited. As if on cue, the crowd chanted, “Modi!” With a chuckle, the Prime Minister corrected them, saying he was taking of Vikas – development.
However, the state unit of the BJP will be alarmed at how thin the crowd in the Morabadi – which overlooks Shibu Soren’s residence – seemed to be. Though Modi campaigned for 10 candidates – all of whom were present on-stage – the number of people were moderate at best by Modi’s standards. “We did not want to trouble the people from other constituencies and asked only people from the Ranchi area to come,” was the excuse Sanjay Seth, the BJP leader who was the emcee for the day, provided. There seemed to be a major mix-up in terms of timing, with even senior leaders unsure about when exactly the Jamshedpur and Ranchi rallies would be. Prabhat Khabar, the state’s most-widely read daily, printed the time of the Ranchi meeting as 1.10 in the afternoon. Modi, on the other hand, was on stage minutes past 1 PM, with large parts of the ground empty.
Modi’s opening remarks were about his party’s single-point agenda this election – to end what the PM called, “tooty-footy,” “aadha-adhura” governments and to form a stable government. “In a coalition government, the parties blame each other. This means that the people cannot demand answers,” said Modi. Recalling that Jharkhand’s voters gave his party 12 of 14 seats from the state, thus making it possible to have a stable government in Delhi, Modi said, “Five years now, you can pull the Modi government’s ear if we have not done good work. The people of the country have the right to pull the ear of the government of the day. But whose ear will you pull if you don’t know who the leader is?”
The PM put the onus on himself to help Jharkhand. “If you give me majority, I will give you a better Jharkhand. This state, which can light up the country, is in darkness. I want to change that,” he said. Modi touched upon a topic rarely made a part of political discourse when he talked about how young women from the state have to travel to work in the kitchens of faraway cities: “We need programmes to stop this. I want to do this work.”
Modi used a favourite speaking point when he noted that Jharkhand had just turned 14 years old. He went on to say that 13-18 years are important in the life of every child: the PM likes to use the analogy – this newspaper was present in Chhaapra, Bihar on April 30 this year, when campaigning for eventual winner Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Modi told young voters that 18-28 years is the most crucial phase of their lives.
In Ranchi on Saturday, Modi stressed that these assembly elections were crucial for the state’s future: “Some parents do not take care of their children between 13 and 18 years and then complain that children took the wrong path. This phase is important for Jharkhand as well: I am willing to take care of you; give me full majority.”

Narendra Modi congratulates CM Oomen Chandy for 100% financial inclusion in KeralaWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:26 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi appreciated Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy on account of Kerala attaining 100%  financial inclusion as part of the Pradan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana scheme.
“I am happy to note that your state has been fully saturated with Pradan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. I appreciate you and your team on achieving this milestone,” said Modi in his letter to Chandy.
Modi urged Chandy to use these bank accounts for transferring benefits under state government schemes directly to beneficiaries. Your suggestions for the effective and efficient implementation of the scheme are welcome, said the letter.

18 years later  Vasan seeks to revive Tamil Manila CongressWritten by Arun Janardhanan | Trichy |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:14 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 6:17 pm
Hours before the count down for the massive rally at Trichy which drew a crowd of nearly one lakh people on Friday, former union minister G K Vasan was busy preparing his speech at a hotel in Thanjavur.
He was anxious about the success of the maiden rally as it would affect his political claims too. Some of his aides even advised him to cancel the rally due to heavy rains.
However, towards the end of the day, forecast of heavy rainfall did not deter his followers from attending the launch of Vasan’s new party at the sprawling G Corner Grounds at Trichy. There was confusion about the name of the new party until the last moment as the Tamil Manila Congress (TMC) had been already a registered name. With at least three names registered for the new party, Vasan announced the name of his political outfit – Tamil Manila Congress (Moopanar).
His speech that lasted for more than one hour late on Friday, Vasan started with stinging attack on the Congress. He said: “From today, our cadres need not wait for orders from leaders in Delhi. Our cadres need not deal with leaders sitting in Delhi who have no idea about things happening here in Tamil Nadu. Our cadres need not wait for leaders at airports to discuss party matters. Our cadres will have no more complaints of undeserving people getting posts and of those who worked are being sidelined. You need to come and meet me, but I will come to your villages and houses.”
Listing out a number of failures of Congress in the state and the indifference and ignorance of high command in the state affairs, Vasan said his party will be the custodian of secular values in Tamil Nadu. “We will fight against communal forces. We will stand for the rights of Tamil Nadu and innocent Tamilians. ‘Prosperous Tamil Nadu and a strong India’ will be our slogan,” he said.
Despite the fact that the entire area was waterlogged, cancelling the meeting was impossible for organisers as cadres from different parts of Tamil Nadu have been thronging to Trichy since morning. If the claims of 75,000 chairs at the G Corner Grounds owned by railways is to be believed, several thousands were seen waiting outside the venue waiting for entry. Huge screens were erected to beam images from the dias and drones fitted with cameras flew over the audience capturing their loud cheers. While the dais was dedicated to Kakkan, a veteran leader and former minister known for his honesty and transparency, speakers through out the meeting recalled memories of K Kamaraj and G K Moopanar.
Declaring that the new party will stand for the poor and oppressed, Peter Alphonse, possibly the second-in-command and a senior Congress leader who broke away from the party to join the new outfit, said Vasan is the only leader continued…

India has no territorial ambitions  neighbourhood situation delicate: IAF Chiefafghanistan
("There are doubts whether…)
BENGALURU: Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha today said India has no territorial ambitions, except for recovering the territories that the country had lost to its neighbours.
The Chief of Air Staff, who is also Chairman of the Chief of Staff Committee , said "there are doubts whether the rise of China is going to be peaceful or not" and "we have no option but to be prepared to meet such a challenge in the near future".
"....India has no territorial ambition, except for recovering the territories that we lost because of the history that we had to our neighbours. So we might like to recover those. But otherwise we have no intention of any territory being occupied by us from our neighbours or otherwise," Raha said here.
Delivering the Air Chief Marshal L M Katre memorial lecture, he said, "But we have a hostile border, with the legacy of the British rule and the conflicts we have had in the past. So we are vulnerable in terms of our security."
India had to have the capability to not to wage war because its aim is to avoid conflict, but to deter an adversary from launching operations against us or waging a war against us, he said adding that air rpt air force can play a key role rpt role in it.
"So who is going to deter? What sort of capability do we require which will give us this deterrence against our adversaries?"
Stating that there should be striking capability deep into the enemy's heartland, Raha added it can be provided "through aerospace power, Air forces of the country. That is how we can explore the vulnerabilities and criticalities of any adversary."
"That means we have to build up our striking power which would deter an adversary from launching any offensive against the country," he said. "To my mind that national instrument which will provide the best defence and deterrence would be in the shape of aerospace power of the nation."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Posh locality scores low on civic consciousnessUpdated: November 29, 2014 20:57 IST
Posh locality scores low on civic consciousness
Vipasha Sinha
Tweet
The Hindu
FLOUTING A RULE: Vehicles are parked right under a ‘no parking’ sign at CIT Colony First Main Road. Photo: R. Ravindran
TOPICS
Chennai
CIT Colony grapples with garbage and parking issues. Vipasha Sinha reports
CIT Colony is one of the most sought-after addresses in the city. However, the residents there complain about a host of the problems.
The stretch has houses, some of them belonging to VIPs, offices and schools, but there aren’t enough dustbins, which results in garbage overflow.
One of the other major problems that residents have to face is to do with parking.
“There are some shops and restaurants that invite a lot of crowd. People come in their cars and park wherever they please. There is a school in the locality and children are forced to walk on the road,” says M. Kalpana a resident.
During peak hours, especially during the opening and closing time of the school, commuting becomes the most difficult activity on earth. “There are vegetable shops that are so crowded in the morning that the road remains blocked and residents suffer. Also, there are popular restaurants in the locality and the valet drivers are seen driving recklessly. There are also cars parked in the no parking area or outside houses making it difficult for the residents,” says another resident.

Modi flags off 1st train connecting MeghalayaModi flags off 1st train connecting Meghalaya
Dear moron i need not google to know about this crook and his fa...Silver Member
111 Followers
Thanks for your greetings. You seem to be a pre-opinionated person. I am also a Tamil, born, brought-up, educated and worked in Tamilnadu. I have travelled worlwide and worked in few well developed countries. Now, I am a high-networth investor. But, I don`t share your view. I hate DMK. I`m an ardent fan of Amma. But, I still admire Mr. Kalanithi Maran for his business style and empire building caliber. He is highly talented and has a great potential to grow. BTW, what and where did you study?

Sidu-pama .......i also hope the same!Gold Member
26 Followers
Yes siddu-pama....RBI guidelines for non-banking enterprises to transform themselves into "small banks" are interesting. Went through it this morning. Under this, even BIG BAZAAR can operate as a small bank. Can expect an overall market uptrend. SF being an established NBFC may not opt to become a "small bank" but the overall push in the Finance sector will take it to 1350 in the coming days. Perhaps even close to 1400.
In reply to : siddu-pama message
2.51 PM Nov 29th

Dear divin wind  you have understood me wrong. i never called an...22 Followers
Dear Tiwariji,
Our Dear Joylife is recuperating in Hospital as he was intelligent enough and is having treatment for Memory Loss.
You too join him at the earliest as I am reposting your earlier post which will prove without doubt your ulterior motives and memory loss.
On 20.09.2014 when price was 1.50, you posted ...SRK is playing with retail investor from last 2 years , he sold his holding and now spreading news and rumers against company future to get back those shares again he sold at avg price of 5 want it 2
Again on 25.09.2014 when price was 1.35 you posted....This is all just to get back those sold shares by SRK to retail investors. All problems is that without any requirement SRK sold his holdings and now struggling tp buy back.....this is the only problem with KGL. I put buy order 57000 @1.35 but finally got only 40908
Again on 28.09.2014 when price was 1.35, you posted ...It will be great opptunity if you buy at this level and accumulate at this level.
On 01.10.2014 when price was 1.25 you wrote...Only God knows why KGL has made default on such small amount purposely just to make panic amonge small investors to get back sold shares by him at higher price to retails. Just keep holding and buy more till the time it not go above 3 buy and hold this is big future driven stock so don`t get panic for sort time news . Friends this all DII and FII why not selling because till the time they make panic take back the sold share at above 3 they will keep price like this below 3 only.
On 07.10.2014 when price was 1.25, you posted...Mahann : What is your motive here that we should sell off and book losses.
On 10.10.2014 when price was 1.20 you poste....I personally talked today with SRK he has informed all issue is resolved and performance will improve slowly. Again wrote...You are one of the operator who hold & sol the shares at 2.65 and now struggling to buy at low levels .....ha ha ha
On 16.10.2014 when price was 1.30, you posted..Till the time I have not purchased kGL shares I was happy but after purchasing and being positive many people comes here to be active as negative.......God knows who is who ?
Tiwariji, get yourself treated with good doctor with whom Joy Life is getting treatment. Everybody Knows you well now.
All we can say is ....GET WELL SOON.
Regards,
In reply to : mptiwari message
5.43 PM Nov 29th

A Fireside Chat With Deepak Parekh19:02 pm Rupee falls to lowest since Nov 2013, closes at 63.53/ USD
- in CNBC-TV18 Analyst - Rupee
18:13 pm For efficient GST, inclusion of petro products must: EY
- in Economy
17:58 pm Nifty down 150 points after a weak session; ends at 8068
- in CNBC-TV18 Analyst - Markets

Weekend Roundup: Can an Elderly and Haggard  Europe Defend a World of Rules  Against Russiareddit
As Pope Francis slammed Europe as "elderly and haggard" in an address this week in Strasbourg, the speaker of the Polish parliament, Radek Sikorski , warned in the WorldPost that Europe's starkest challenge is defending "a world of rules" against an aggressive Russia. Writing from the Vatican for our "Following Francis" series, Sébastien Maillard looks at the "holy ghostwriters" behind the pontiff's tweets and encyclicals.
WorldPost Middle East Correspondent Sophia Jones reports from Istanbul on yet another retrograde move in Turkey's modern history taken by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who declared this week that men and women can't be equal. Though Erdogan still considers the Kurdish Democratic Union Party a terrorist organization , Nazand Begikhani writes from Iraqi Kurdistan about how women from that party who have taken up arms to defend their fellow Kurds from the radically misogynist Islamic State are also advancing equal rights in their own society.
This week, as the Israeli cabinet moved to define Israel as a "Jewish state ," the French parliament, like other European parliaments of late, is voting on whether to recognize a Palestinian state. Writing from Paris, Bernard-Henri Lévy argues passionately that such a move, intended to enhance peace, will perpetuate war.
Once again, the negotiations on Iran's nuclear program have failed to reach an agreement. Muhammad Sahimi places the blame squarely on the "excessive demands" of the West and lists Iran's "major concessions." Writing from Abuja, Olaiya Phillips chronicles the threats to the Christian community in northern Nigeria from Boko Haram. Writing for HuffPost Maghreb , Rebecca Chaouch looks at the phenomenon of "Taqwacore" that combines punk music and Islamic piety.
WorldPost China Correspondent Matt Sheehan reports that the crackdown in Hong Kong has finally come: the key leaders of the protest movement have been arrested and the demonstrations sites are being cleared. Writing from Singapore, Kishore Mahbubani argues that, despite predictions of doom by many in the West, Asia is on the brink of a "golden era."
As Ferguson, Missouri erupted again this week in racial violence, Howard Fineman writes that the world is questioning whether America can live up to its ideals. The Rev. Madison Shockley 's  experience tells him blacks always seem to end up on the losing end of racial conflicts.
Geophysicist David Waltham takes a millennial look back to trace how oxygen-creating bacteria evolved to make Earth a livable environment, and wonders if humans can do the same. Finally, Robert Kuhn looks at the philosophical questions raised by the Christopher Nolan film Interstellar.
WHO WE ARE
EDITORS: Nathan Gardels, Senior Advisor to the Berggruen Institute on Governance and the long-time editor of NPQ and the Global Viewpoint Network of the Los Angeles Times Syndicate/Tribune Media, is the Editor-in-Chief of The WorldPost. Farah Mohamed is the Managing Editor of The WorldPost. Kathleen Miles is the Senior Editor of the WorldPost. Alex Gardels is the Associate Editor of The WorldPost. Nicholas Sabloff is the Executive International Editor at the Huffington Post, overseeing The WorldPost and HuffPost's 11 international editions. Eline Gordts is HuffPost's Senior World Editor.
CORRESPONDENTS: Sophia Jones in Istanbul; Matt Sheehan in Beijing.
EDITORIAL BOARD: Nicolas Berggruen, Nathan Gardels, Arianna Huffington, Eric Schmidt (Google Inc.), Pierre Omidyar (First Look Media) Juan Luis Cebrian (El Pais/PRISA), Walter Isaacson (Aspen Institute/TIME-CNN), John Elkann (Corriere della Sera, La Stampa), Wadah Khanfar (Al Jazeera), Dileep Padgaonkar (Times of India) and Yoichi Funabashi (Asahi Shimbun).
CONTRIBUTING EDITORS: Moises Naim (former editor of Foreign Policy), Nayan Chanda (Yale/Global; Far Eastern Economic Review) and Katherine Keating (One-On-One). Sergio Munoz Bata and Parag Khanna are Contributing Editors-At-Large.
The Asia Society and its ChinaFile, edited by Orville Schell, is our primary partner on Asia coverage. Eric X. Li and the Chunqiu Institute/Fudan University in Shanghai and Guancha.cn also provide first person voices from China. We also draw on the content of China Digital Times. Seung-yoon Lee is The WorldPost link in South Korea.
Jared Cohen of Google Ideas provides regular commentary from young thinkers, leaders and activists around the globe. Bruce Mau provides regular columns from MassiveChangeNetwork.com on the "whole mind" way of thinking. Patrick Soon-Shiong is Contributing Editor for Health and Medicine.
ADVISORY COUNCIL: Members of the Berggruen Institute's 21st Century Council and Council for the Future of Europe serve as the Advisory Council -- as well as regular contributors -- to the site. These include, Jacques Attali, Shaukat Aziz, Gordon Brown, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Juan Luis Cebrian, Jack Dorsey, Mohamed El-Erian, Francis Fukuyama, Felipe Gonzalez, John Gray, Reid Hoffman, Fred Hu, Mo Ibrahim, Alexei Kudrin, Pascal Lamy, Kishore Mahbubani, Alain Minc, Dambisa Moyo, Laura Tyson, Elon Musk, Pierre Omidyar, Raghuram Rajan, Nouriel Roubini, Nicolas Sarkozy, Eric Schmidt, Gerhard Schroeder, Peter Schwartz, Amartya Sen, Jeff Skoll, Michael Spence, Joe Stiglitz, Larry Summers, Wu Jianmin, George Yeo, Fareed Zakaria, Ernesto Zedillo, Ahmed Zewail,  and Zheng Bijian.
From the Europe group, these include: Marek Belka, Tony Blair, Jacques Delors, Niall Ferguson, Anthony Giddens, Otmar Issing, Mario Monti, Robert Mundell, Peter Sutherland and Guy Verhofstadt.
MISSION STATEMENT
The WorldPost is a global media bridge that seeks to connect the world and connect the dots.  Gathering together top editors and first person contributors from all corners of the planet, we aspire to be the one publication where the whole world meets.
We not only deliver breaking news from the best sources with original reportage on the ground and user-generated content; we bring the best minds and most authoritative as well as fresh and new voices together to make sense of events from a global perspective looking around, not a national perspective looking out.
More:

Brent crude plunges to 4-year low of $72.50 as OPEC refrains from output cutsBrent crude plunges to 4-year low of $72.50 as OPEC refrains from output cuts
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Nov 28:  
Brent crude held above $72 a barrel on Friday, close to a four-year low touched in the previous session after OPEC decided not to cut oil output to support prices.
OPEC's decision, which came after Saudi Arabia blocked calls from poorer members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries for output reductions, led to a rout in oil prices on Thursday.
Saudi Arabia and OPEC had "relinquished" their role to balance the market from the supply side, Societe Generale analysts said in a note on Friday.
"Instead, the market itself - prices, in other words - will be the mechanism to rebalance the market. We cannot overstate what a dramatic and fundamental change this is for the oil market," the analysts said.
Brent crude was down 9 cents at $72.49 a barrel at 0446 GMT, after plummeting $5.17 in the previous session to close at $72.58. Earlier on Thursday, it touched its weakest since July 2010 at $71.25 a barrel.
Brent is headed for its steepest monthly decline since November 2008, after falling more than 15 per cent this month.
Brent has lost nearly 40 per cent since June, falling from above $115 a barrel as increasing shale output in North America created an oil glut amid sluggish global economic growth.
"I think traders realised in looking at the fundamentals that they haven't really changed," said Phin Ziebell, oil analyst at National Australia Bank, said.
US crude
US crude for January delivery plunged $4.78 from Wednesday's to $68.91 a barrel, after earlier dropping to its lowest since May 2010 at $67.75. U.S. markets were shut on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday.
US crude has shed almost 15 per cent in November, its biggest monthly drop since May 2012.
Oil may fall to $60
Russia's most powerful oil official Igor Sechin said oil prices could fall to $60 or below by the end of the first half of next year. If prices remained low, Russia had the potential to cut between 200,000 and 300,000 barrels per day of production, Sechin said.
Responding to OPEC's decision, Venezuela president Nicolas Maduro said the country would keep campaigning for output cuts until oil prices rebounded to $100 per barrel.
A further blow to global oil demand could come on Monday when China releases official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) data for November that could show slower growth, according to a Reuters poll.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

CAG panel allows RIL to recover extra cost on KG-D6CAG panel allows RIL to recover extra cost on KG-D6
BS Reporter | Mumbai Nov 29, 2014 12:56 AM IST
The second performance audit of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL)’s KG-D6, tabled in Parliament on Friday, has taken a lenient approach towards the country’s biggest private petroleum company. Taking a “pragmatic” view, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has recommended the government allow the company to recover $427 million in cost from the field’s natural gas production.
Cost recovery for $118.99 million on the remaining wells, however, has been disallowed. Besides, the well cost for D29, D30 and D31 would be disallowed if these aren’t found to be commercially viable, the auditor said.
The report covers the four years beginning April 2008 and three petroleum blocks — KG-D6, Panna-Mukta, Tapti (PMT) and the RJ-ON-90/1 block in Barmer — given by the government to private companies.
“Our attention has been drawn to the CAG report tabled in Parliament on Friday. There are obvious differences between the CAG and RIL on certain basic issues concerning the production sharing contract (PSC). Once we receive a formal communication of audit exceptions by the government, we will respond to it, in accordance with the provisions of the accounting procedure under the PSC and also exercise such other rights as are available to us in law,” said an RIL spokesperson.
In its first report in 2011, the auditor had been critical of the United Progressive Alliance government’s cost-recovery mechanism and the fact that it had allowed RIL to retain contract area beyond the contractual period.
This time, however, the government’s statutory auditor has said “normally, the entire amount of $427.03 million would require to be disallowed” for cost recovery, as these activities aren’t in line with production-sharing contract provisions. However, “keeping in mind national interest and energy security”, the auditor recommends the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas accept the sharing of exploration cost of only those wells that result in commercial discovery. There are four such wells — D34 (for which commercial discovery has been made and a development plan has been approved), D29, D30 and D31 (for which discoveries are under finalisation for establishing commerciality). Following the report, the RIL stock jumped to Rs 1,016.20, after opening at Rs 989.25.
Under PSCs, once a contractor makes a discovery, its commercial viability is approved by an oversight panel set up by the government. The expenditure on the discovery is approved by the government.
For the Cairn India-operated Barmer block, the CAG asked the government to promptly finalise the price of crude oil so that profit petroleum and levies such as royalty could be calculated.
On the pricing and sale of crude oil and condensate from RIL’s KG-D6 block, the CAG said, “Marker has not been fixed so far, leaving scope for ambiguity in pricing. The pricing and sale of condensate has not been approved by the government. It is being sold at a discount value below dated Brent.”
The auditor has also taken exception to the hiring of a rig from RIL by a PMT joint venture in which RIL is a partner. The rig was hired on an “assignment basis at higher rates, resulting in extra expenditure of $6.49 million, which impacted the government’s profit petroleum by $1 million,” said the report.
STORY OF THE 3 WELLS
KG-DWN-98/3:
(RIL, BP and Niko Resources)
$427.03 million: Recommended cost recovery
 
$10.4 billion: Total expenditure incurred
 
$9.3 billion: The cost partners recovered
 
$929 million: Earned in profit petroleum
 
$103 million: Govt got in the profit petroleum
 
CAG report covers the four years beginning April 2008
Panna Mukta Tapti
(British Gas, RIL and ONGC)
Govt asked to promptly finalise the price for the crude, so that the calculation of profit petroleum and levies like royalty could be firmed up
RJ-ON-90/1
(Cairn India)
CAG has also objected to the hiring of a rig from RIL by PMT JV at higher rates, resulting in an extra spend of $6.49 million, which hit the govt’s profit petroleum by $1 million

Robert Vadra  babus  VIPs  abused  status to get free Jet Airways tickets: TehelkaTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Tehelka Magazine today claimed some officials, bureaucrats and other VIPs had “abused” their status to get free tickets and other facilities from Jet Airways in a gross violation of service rules and propriety.
At a press conference here, Ramesh Ramachandran, the magazine’s political editor, alleged that Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi, had got several upgrades on international sectors for himself, one of his associates and his children and his mother.
A senior IPS officer from West Bengal, who was on deputation to the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS), had taken his family to 28 destinations abroad paying only a small fraction of the cost.
#Tehelka #JetgateExpose blows the lid off a free air ticket scandal involving bureaucrats, politicians & other VVIPs http://t.co/IAdmB28DC9
— Tehelka (@Tehelka) November 28, 2014
According to Tehelka, the former head of DGCA, the regulatory of the aviation sector, a former secretary of the civil aviation ministry, former DG of Archaeological Survey of India and former Chairman of the Airports Authority of India had also “enjoyed favours”.
None of those named by Tehelka were available for comments.
Tehelka’s allegations “misplaced”: Jet Airways
Jet Airways termed the Tehelka magazine’s allegations about granting free tickets and upgrades to VIPs as “misplaced” and “unfortunate”, saying it was the common global industry practise.
“Upgrades are a common industry practice in the global travel, tourism and service sectors and are extended to passengers subject to availability at the discretion of the service-provider.
Jet Airways has the prerogative to afford its guests privileges, including upgrades, at its discretion and does not stand alone in this practice.
“The insinuations and allegations in the article are misplaced and unfortunate,” a statement from Jet Airways said
TAGS: Jet Airways Robert Vadra Tehelka
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Brent crude oil hits 4-year low  brings respiteBrent crude oil hits 4-year low, brings respite
Reuters | New York Nov 29, 2014 12:55 AM IST
 
Brent crude oil touched fresh four-year lows on Friday, knocking down both energy-related shares and currencies after the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC)'s move not to cut output reinforced prospects of an oil supply glut around the world.
Euro zone government bond yields held near record lows, as the falling energy prices pulled down consumer price growth across the bloc and raised the chances of more stimulus from the European Central Bank on increased deflation fears.
Brent crude oil steadied above $73 a barrel, after falling to $71.12, while US crude fell six per cent to below $70 a barrel. Investors said OPEC's decision, in tandem with higher US output, would leave oil markets heavily oversupplied. "We are seeing continued oversupply," said Bill Hubard, chief economist at Markets.com. "I think $70 a barrel will be the new norm. We could see oil go considerably lower."
The European oil and gas sector fell 3.8 per cent, while the S&P Energy index fell 5.8 per cent. The energy index in Europe has lost $240 billion in market value since late June, more than the market cap of Royal Dutch Shell, Europe's biggest oil major, Thomson Reuters data show.
"At $72 a barrel, we're well below the pain threshold for many companies in the sector, as well as many exporting countries such as Iran, Libya or Russia," said Alexandre Baradez, IG France's chief market analyst. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 fell 0.26 per cent to 1,388.77, while MSCI's all-country world equity index fell 0.24 per cent to 426.28.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 44.9 points, or 0.25 per cent, to 17,872.65. The S&P 500 fell 0.18 points, or 0.01 per cent, to 2,072.65.

How to eat a free lunchT N Ninan: How to eat a free lunch
T N Ninan | New Delhi Nov 28, 2014 10:50 PM IST
India is the third largest importer of crude oil, the third largest importer of coal and the fifth or sixth largest importer of natural gas. Overall, it is probably the fourth largest importer of energy. So the news on oil prices makes India one of the largest beneficiaries. The country’s net energy imports (mostly oil) account for more than six per cent of its gross domestic product (GDP). With the price of energy cut by nearly 40 per cent in the last six months, the net import bill falls in a full year by 2.5 per cent of GDP (or Rs 3.2 lakh crore). If oil prices stay at their new level of $72 or drop further, as the big oil exporters seem to think they will, and nothing else changes dramatically on the trade front, India will be in the happy position next year of enjoying a surplus on the trade account (both goods and services). That will be the first “current account” surplus in over a decade — the last such surplus was in 2004, when oil prices were at about $25 per barrel.
The implications of this amazing turnaround are dramatic. If capital inflows (portfolio as well as foreign direct investment) continue at their present rate of $40 billion annually, India will be awash in dollars, and there will be upward pressure on the rupee. The fiscal arithmetic will improve because the only surviving petro-product subsidies will be on kerosene and cooking gas, and these, too, will stand reduced. Indian Oil and the other oil marketing companies will report a surge in profits, and inflation rates will drop. Narendra Modi and Arun Jaitley should send up a thank-you prayer to the oil god.
Should they and we merely enjoy the party, or think strategically? Through the last decade, as oil prices quadrupled, the government was forced to virtually eliminate central taxes on crude and petro-products in an effort to keep down prices and tackle rampant inflation. Petrol and diesel are now among the lowest taxed goods in the country. There is no customs duty on crude imports, and the excise on unbranded petrol and diesel (even after the hikes earlier this month) is less than Rs 3 per litre. State governments levy taxes, for sure, but there is a good case for Mr Jaitley to jack up the customs duty. A 10 per cent tariff (done incrementally in two or three stages, to avoid a price shock) would yield Rs 60,000 crore — enough to pay for the subsidies on kerosene and cooking gas.
The combined effect of lower subsidies and higher revenues could shrink the fiscal deficit by one percentage point — a bonanza if ever there was one. The higher duty can be absorbed by companies on account of the cushion provided by falling crude prices, so there will be no danger of stoking inflation afresh. Consumers have already enjoyed a Rs 10 drop in the price of petrol, and even a drop in the price of diesel. This once-in-a-decade opportunity to capitalise on cheaper oil should not be wasted in any desire to win easy popularity, especially since consumers as a class stand to benefit from better macroeconomic numbers.
As for the exchange value of the rupee, if Mr Modi is serious about “Make in India and sell anywhere”, he has to keep the rupee competitive. That means asking the Reserve Bank to repeat what it did in the mid-2000s: buy dollars as much as it can, and shore up foreign exchange reserves. Most observers are agreed that the reserves need to get to $400 billion, from a little over $300 billion today. That cannot be achieved overnight, but now is a good time to start getting there.

Lot 583 and a gift of wingsSunanda K Datta-Ray: Lot 583 and a gift of wings
Sunanda K Datta-Ray |  Nov 28, 2014 10:46 PM IST
Wednesday's abortive - the best offer didn't match the reserve price - auction at Sotheby's Upper Grosvenor Gallery in London gives the Indian Air Force (IAF) an unexpected opportunity to redeem the past, save a national treasure and honour an Indian hero.
Silver-haired and soignee, Anjali Lobo in Pune strongly feels that Sotheby's Lot 583, which the catalogue described as "the unique Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) and India General Service pair to Squadron Leader Karun Krishna 'Jumbo' Majumdar, who became known as the Father of the Indian Air Force" belongs to India. The IAF's "father" was also Anjali's father. She was just four in 1945 when the Hawker Hurricane he was flying in an aerobatic sortie in Lyallpur crashed. "Majumdar died as he wanted to live, carefree, daring and at the controls doing what he wanted to, flying to his heart's content," wrote an admirer.
Anjali was in the circuit house with her mother and brother, Shailen (Bambi), then a little boy of two. Little boys, like little girls in that song from Gigi, "get bigger every day" and Bambi is now a 71-year-old grandfather in England. Apart from his father's medals, Lot 583, which he put on sale, included log books, identity tags, miniatures, brooches, epaulettes, diary and extensive photocopies and recorded documentation of a dazzling career. Everyone expected Majumdar to rise to the highest level in the IAF. Asked why he was selling this treasure trove, Bambi told my former colleague, Shyam Bhatia, he wanted to avoid future "conflict" among his children and grandchildren. The money may have been an added attraction. The collection is valued at £20,000-£30,000.
Grandson of W C Bonnerjee, Majumdar was the only Indian to win the DFC not once but twice for bravery in Burma (now Myanmar) and Europe during World War II. He was also the only Indian to be awarded the Bar to his DFC, the citation for the Bar saying, "His skill and courage have always been outstanding... Before the advance northwards in France, he completed exceptionally valuable photographic reconnaissances of the Seine bridges, in the face of heavy ground defences." The London Gazette of November 10, 1942 noted: "Early this year this officer commanded the squadron during its activities in Burma. He led two unescorted attacks on enemy airfields in Thailand and attacks in support of the army in Tennasserim; he also completed valuable reconnaissances during the retirement from Rangoon to the Prome positions".
If Jumbo Majumdar was India's hero in World War II, 19-year-old Laddie (Indra Lal Roy) was the hero of World War I. Great-uncle of NDTV's Prannoy Roy, Laddie joined the Royal Flying Corps in 1917 and achieved 10 "kills" before the Germans shot him down. He was the only Indian to receive a posthumous DFC. Col J K Dutt tells me that acknowledging Laddie's bravery, the famous German fighter pilot, Baron Manfred von Richtofen, had a wreath dropped on the spot where he fell. German troops collected and buried his remains near Arras in France where the grave carries an inscription in Bengali reading Maha birer samadhi; sambhram karo, sparsha koro na. (A valiant warrior's grave; respect it, do not touch it).
Laddie and Jumbo, both Bengalis, belonged to the mosaic of my childhood. But neither needs any personal link to be revered. They are national heroes. I don't know about Laddie's medals but a postage stamp and a road in Kolkata honour his memory. Majumdar deserves no less.
National treasures must be handled with sensitivity and respect. I could understand I K Gujral's refusal to badger the British for the Koh-i-noor. But symbols of personal achievement are different and I am still baffled by the fate of Rabindranath Tagore's Nobel medal whose disappearance (with that of 47 other pieces of memorabilia) in 2004 prompted a CBI investigation five days later. It was closed after three years, reopened 12 months later and closed again in 2010. I can't be alone in sensing something fishy about this mysterious sequence.
Everything is straightforward with Majumdar's relics. Even £30,000 - under Rs 30 lakh - is a fraction of the Rs 1.5 crore Vijay Mallya paid for Tipu Sultan's sword. The sale's cancellation is India's opportunity and the IAF should make Bambi a fair offer. He can't be done out of his heritage. But his sister (whose husband Noel Lobo continued the Services tradition and retired as a Navy commander) also has a moral right to their father's legacy. The country's is the strongest claim of all. Majumdar's entire collection deserves to be displayed at Delhi's IAF Museum.

What makes Magnus Carlsen an unlikely chess masterNovember 28, 2014 6:29 pm
Magnus Carlsen, an unlikely chess master
Adam Thomson
He moonlights as a model, naps on the job, skips homework – and snuffs out every rival
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/349d6c32-7589-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why luxury air travel is taking off againWhy luxury air travel is taking off again
Tom Robbins
Its demise has long been predicted but first class is undergoing a renaissance
Air France’s La Première
British Airways’ Technical Block C does not have the feel of somewhere in the vanguard of luxury. A grey concrete block, built in the 1950s on the edge of the apron at Heathrow airport, it looks like a multistorey car park or rundown inner-city tower block. When I visit, signs on the doors warn that asbestos removal is under way.
The fourth floor is open plan and warehouselike, almost empty except for a small, locked room marooned in the centre. Inside that, and hidden beneath a dust sheet, is a single, top-secret prototype of the product BA hopes will secure its status as an industry leader – a brand new first-class seat.
It is elegant and sophisticated, without being ostentatious, the soft, hand-stitched “raven black” leather perhaps rather masculine. “An evolution rather than revolution,” says Kathryn Slack, BA’s cabin interiors manager. Beyond that, all details are strictly under embargo until it is revealed next year, ahead of entering service on the airline’s new Boeing 787-900 aircraft. But the simple fact that BA is investing in a new first class is indicative of a trend going on across the industry, one that many will find counter-intuitive.
?.?.?.?
Even before the financial crisis, observers were predicting the death of first class. When recession took hold, it seemed a done deal. In fact, however, the opposite now seems to be true. An analysis carried out for the FT by the aviation data company OAG shows a significant rise in the number of first-class seats in the air. At the same time, airlines are launching new and ever more lavish first-class cabins – most noticeably, Etihad’s Residence, a three-bedroom private apartment which enters service next month.
The OAG data show a 34 per cent rise in the total number of first-class seats on planes departing in 2014 compared with 2009. Stripping out North American and Chinese domestic flights, where “first class” often equates to what would elsewhere be called “business”, the increase is 21 per cent. The number of first-class seats on flights within Europe fell sharply between 2005 and 2009, but has since rebounded, in 2014 reaching more than double the 2005 total.
“Everyone thinks first class must be diminishing, but its quite incredible how more and more airlines are renewing their first-class offer and having more first-class seats on board,” says Nigel Goode, director of the design agency PriestmanGoode, whose recent projects include new first-class cabins for Qatar Airways, Swiss, Lufthansa and Air France. “There is quite a resurgence.”
And yet the picture isn’t straightforward. “Absolute numbers are up, but it’s the composition that is the really intriguing thing,” says John Grant, executive vice-president at OAG. Look at individual airlines and you see big discrepancies. In China, where flying first has traditionally been an important status symbol for executives and politicians, as well as in the Middle East, carriers have rapidly expanded their first-class offering. However European airlines, and US carriers on international routes, have tended to scale back.
Over the past five years, first-class seat numbers have grown by 63 per cent on Air China and 127 per cent on China Eastern, according to OAG. In the Middle East, Qatar Airways has seen a 132 per cent rise, Emirates, 32 per cent. “The Middle Eastern and Asian carriers have really got something to prove, and first is such a statement about the overall quality of the airline,” says Goode.
By contrast Air France has cut capacity by 47 per cent since 2009, British Airways by 23 per cent. Celebrities and wealthy individuals have continued to fly first – and demand has been bolstered by some downshifting from private jets – but since 2008, executives have increasingly been downgraded from first to business by employers eager both to save money and to avoid appearing profligate.
First class on Qatar
“The other significant thing is how much business class has improved,” says Caroline Strachan, vice-president of American Express Global Business Travel, which manages travel for major corporations. “Ten years ago, you had to go first in order to lie flat; nowadays the majority of business classes have flat beds, so companies no longer need to pay the premium.”
?.?.?.?
So why are western carriers spending heavily on new cabins? In part, it is simply a response to the growing competition from the east. “We chose to have the best quality in the world, rather than the most quantity,” says Catherine Betsch, director of La Première, Air France’s new first class, which launched two months ago. Air France has cut the number of first-class seats on its Boeing 777-300s from eight to four much larger ones. As well as fighting harder for the diminishing western market, the airlines are seeking a share of the growing Asian one. La Première was launched not in Paris but in Shanghai, and Air France promises Chinese staff both on board and in its Paris lounge.
Meanwhile, an airline’s first also needs to compete with its own business class. “The business product now is as good as first four years ago, so the first-class offer has to improve exponentially in order to differentiate itself,” says Goode. The introduction of the double-decker Airbus A380 has spurred innov­ation by offering designers more space to play with, making it possible for Qatar, for example, to offer a large on-board lounge in its new first, launched last month. “Today if you’re going to do first class, you’ve got to do it properly,” says John Grant at OAG.
First class on Singapore Airways
While airlines spend huge sums on each seat (“they can be the price of a small house” admits Goode), they are also seeking to differentiate on the ground. Lounges with spas and food by celebrity chefs are increasingly standard, but Air France, for example, now offers a private limousine transfer from lounge to aircraft while Lufthansa goes one better – its first-class passengers changing planes at Frankfurt can take a Porsche out for spin while they wait.
Such ideas might be just the start. “Looking forward, I’m particularly excited to see brands outside of aviation be invited in,” says Devin Liddell, principal brand strategist at Teague, the Seattle-based design consultancy. Delta, for example, last year began a collaboration with the hotelier Westin, offering its trademarked “Heavenly” bedding on board. “That’s just the tip of the iceberg in terms of what we’re going to see, particularly in first class. I mean, imagine the Gucci racing stripe on the Emirates first-class seat – there’s a lot of evidence that consumers are very compelled by those kind of partnerships, and will gladly pay a premium for it.”
Others, though, sound a more cautious note. With few headline-grabbing innovations and a 24 per cent fall in first-class seats on international flights since 2009, the US is noticeably out of step with other parts of the world. “It’s the inevitable trade-off – if you spend too much on the passenger, you won’t make money,” says Gerald Khoo, a transport analyst at Liberum. “Historically, the US has always led the aviation industry, and where its airlines lead, others tend to follow.”
Inside ‘The Residence’
The crisp linen and collection of pillows would not be out of place in a five-star hotel, writes Simeon Kerr in Abu Dhabi . But the belt strapped across the duvet marks this bedroom as somewhat out of the ordinary.
“The Residence”, a three-room suite that will enter service next month on Etihad’s Airbus A380, feels like a cabin on a railway sleeper or cruise ship.
I am being given a tour of the mock-up at Etihad’s “innovation centre”, located between Abu Dhabi airport and the capital of the United Arab Emirates, where staff training is in full swing. A Savoy-trained private butler will serve the Residence’s two guests with personalised gourmet meals, prepared by an in-flight chef, on gold-plated crockery.
The 125 sq ft suite, in the front of the upper deck of the A380, includes a tiny shower room dividing the lounge from the bedroom.
Costing $20,000 for a one-way trip between Abu Dhabi and London, the company hopes to target travellers who might otherwise spend $100,000 or more on a private jet.
“It is a cheaper way to travel in superior style,” says Peter Baumgartner, Etihad’s chief commercial officer.
Related Topics

Women artists on the upNovember 28, 2014 5:04 pm
Women artists on the up
Georgina Adam
Female artists get higher profile in the market; Luisa Strina’s 40th; a row over Rodin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b0695dc4-7199-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AC/DC: Rock or Bust. A straightforward stomp with a boogying swagger© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/187b58ec-75cb-11e4-b082-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Milton Keynes  the unnaturally natural garden cityMilton Keynes, the unnaturally natural garden city
Robin Lane Fox
The English town created in the 1960s offers a good model for planned landscaping on a large scale
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1e97106a-70c9-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Delhi: Robbers loot Rs 1.5 crore from ATM cash van  gun down guardIn a daring daylight heist, two men on a motorcycle gunned down a security guard and robbed Rs. 1.5 crore from an ATM kiosk in north Delhi's busy Kamla Nagar on Saturday.
 
The incident took place at around 11am when custodians of a van belonging to a private cash replenishment firm were refilling money into the Citibank ATM, said joint commissioner of police Sandeep Goel.
 
“Two men on a bike arrived and shot the security guard twice in his head. They then picked up a bag containing Rs. 1.5 crore from inside the kiosk and fled brandishing their weapons,” said a senior police officer.
 
Kamla Nagar is an area adjacent to the University of Delhi’s main campus and is largely occupied by students.
Police inspect the scene of crime after miscreants looted a cash van outside Citi Bank's ATM in Kamla Nagar area. (Photo courtesy: @ANI_news)
Earlier this week, unidentified men hauled off a Union Bank of India cash machine from west Delhi’s Narela and also snatched the CCTV cameras installed in the booth.
 
The injured security guard, Satinder Singh, was taken to a nearby hospital where he died at around 3.30pm, sources said.
 
“He was not breathing and his blood pressure was low. He was revived artificially and his blood pressure brought up. But after the CT scan and other investigations, he collapsed again and finally could not be revived,” said Dr Siddharth Ramji, medical superintendent of Lok Nayak hospital.
 
Police have lodged a case including charges of attempt to murder, armed robbery and sections of the Arms Act while CCTV footage from the area is being scanned to identify the criminals.
 
"We extend our deepest condolences to the family of the security guard employed by our service provider, who lost his life in this tragic incident. We will cooperate fully with the law enforcement authorities in their efforts to bring the perpetrators of this crime to justice," a Citibank spokesperson told HT.
 
Several teams led by DCP Madhur Verma are investigating the case under the overall supervision of special CP Deepak Mishra, sources said.
 
In 2012, five armed robbers made off with a private bank’s cash van carrying Rs. 5.25 crore in south Delhi’s Defence Colony at around 1.45pm on September 28, after intercepting the vehicle and shooting at the guard.
Robbers loot Rs. 1.5 crore from cash van outside ATM in Delhi

All India Railwaymen s Federation to oppose FDI in railwaysAll India Railwaymen s Federation to oppose FDI in railways
How To Give It - in aid of Save the ChildrenHow To Spend It’s 20th anniversary fundraising event in aid of Save the Children
December 11 2014
Gillian de Bono
This is a very exciting month in the history of How To Spend It. We launched on the last Saturday of November 1994 and to mark our 20th anniversary we have created a very special edition of the magazine, entitled How To Give It, which will be published with the Financial Times on Saturday November 29.
This commemorative issue will be truly unique in that every single item and experience pictured in the magazine will be auctioned in an online sale by Christie’s between November 29 and December 11. All proceeds will be donated to Save the Children , a charity that works in areas of natural disaster, conflict or abject poverty across 120 countries.
Thanks to the incredible generosity of luxury companies who have partnered with us for this fundraising initiative, there will be 83 lots in total – many of them one-of-a-kind or bespoke items – with a combined value of a staggering £530,000. Star lots include a £93,300 limited-edition Chopard Tourbillon watch made of Fairmined 18ct rose gold; a £32,000 holiday for two on North Island, Seychelles, where the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge honeymooned; one-of-a kind handbags by Gucci and Prada, each worth in excess of £20,000; a Krug-paired dinner for six hosted by Olivier Krug at his childhood home in Reims, worth £15,000. Or how about a bespoke suit with the first fitting by Paul Smith himself, worth £5,000? There are many more affordable lots too, with bidding starting from just £200.
There’s no shortage of great interviewees in How To Give It to bring the auction lots alive, including Colin Firth, Stella McCartney, Marc Newson, René Redzepi and Lapo Elkann. You can also learn more about Save the Children, which last year responded to 88 emergencies in 43 countries, reaching 3.4m people, including 2.1m children.
To give you a preview of the auction lots, features from How To Give It will be posted daily on howtospendit.com from Sunday November 23. We'll also be tweeting from @htsi using #HTSIauction. Do check back regularly as many are very, very special. And please dig deep when bidding starts on November 29. The money we raise together will allow Save the Children to transform even more young – and often desperate – lives.
To register your interest in this auction with Christie’s, please go to www.christies.com/htsi .

Black Friday chaos masks ringing tillsEarly jingling of tills rings hollow on Black Friday
Kadhim Shubber, Andrea Felsted and Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/97bccdd2-7708-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Centre to support AP capital developmentCentre to support AP capital development
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 29:  
Jayant Sinha, Union Minister of State for Finance, today stated that the Centre would extend necessary support in developing the new capital city in Andhra Pradesh.
The N Chandrababu Naidu Government is working out ways to develop new capital where resource mobilisation and land acquisition are two big challenges.
The Union Minister, after a meeting with Y Sujana Chowdary, Union Minister of State for Science and Technology, and other Government officials on “Resource Mobilisation Strategy for the New Capital City,” said that the Centre would extend necessary support as per the assurances made by the Government.
During his visit to Hyderabad, Sinha and Y Sujana Chowdary, held another review meeting on “Steps involved in Agricultural Debt Redemption Programme and the Status of Rythu Sadhikara Samstha,” with State Chief Secretary IYR Krishna Rao and concerned officials of Andhra Pradesh Government at Lakeview Guest House.
The State Government is at advanced stage of finalising the massive loan reschedule programme and is expected to begin disbursement of the amount shortly once all the data is collected with regard to farm loans and beneficiaries.
The State has worked out a mechanism, wherein farmer loan burden would be taken by the Government and they would be able to repay the loan over four to five instalments.
The State, which has made a budgetary provision of Rs 5,000 crore, is making efforts to mobilise additional resources through sale of red sanders, issue of bonds and other means.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Modi hasn t fulfilled any poll promises: MulayamComments
Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav on Saturday alleged that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has failed to fulfil any of his election-time commitments, including the promise to bring the black money back.
"Modi worked hard and got success (in the Lok Sabha elections). But he has not fulfilled any of the promises....such as providing jobs to each and every youngster, which influenced the youth at great extent. But not a single youngster was given job," Yadav said.
Yadav and his son Akhilesh Yadav, who is the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh were in the city on Saturday to attend a function in the family of former Medical Council of India president Ketan Desai. They were accompanied by SP MP Naresh Agrawal and Congress leader Rajiv Shukla.
Speaking to reporters at the airport, Yadav said, "Modi claimed Rs. 15 lakh will be deposited in every citizen's account by bringing the black money back. Did he fulfil that promise?....I want to ask him why that money has not been given to the people yet."
"When he became the PM, I asked all my party leaders not to comment on his performance for a period of six months. Some of them were not happy about this decision. But when Modi finishes six months, everyone will speak."
Yadav however admitted that Third Front proved "weak" in stopping the BJP.
"We (the Third Front) have been fighting against BJP for long. We had finished BJP in the past, but somehow they formed the government in the Centre. We need to find out whose weakness was responsible for BJP's rise," he said.

Stake holders to be consulted on new education policyStake holders to be consulted on new education policy
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Nov 29, 2014 08:26 PM IST
Set to draft the new education policy, the government will launch an exercise from early next year to collect views from a cross section of the society, involving 2.5 lakh village education councils and organising thousands of meetings at block levels.
The initiative to involve stake holders right from the grassroot level is aimed at making the process broad based, HRD Minister Smriti Irani said here today.
The initiative will involve some 2.5 lakh village education councils and organise 6,600 meetings in the block level to get views and suggestions from cross sections of the society, she said at a function here.
"It would be a top-down approach," Smriti said.
"Unil now, deliberations on formulation of the new education policy were restricted to only some officers, politicians and some academic experts. And they decided how to educate the country. Today, the world has changed. People should also be heard who are going to be most impacted by the policy," the Minister said.
She said the best practices across the world also need to be studied as also those practices which have failed "so that we can learn from the failure and course correct".
Irani said the first meeting would start with the 2.5 lakh village education councils, giving them an opportunity to share their suggestions. This would be followed by deliberations at the block level where the stakeholders can decide how the new policy should be.
At the district level, parents can participate in the deliberations along with the MPs and MLAs, she said.

BJP against joining hands with Shiv Sena in local bodypollsWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 8:15 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 8:19 pm
The BJP top leadership on Saturday revealed that there is growing pressure within the party ranks not to have any alliance with the Shiv Sena for the coming municipal corporation and zilla parishad elections across Maharashtra. The BJP wants its leaders to outline the roadmap clearly with the Sena when it discusses the cabinet formation.
The BJP reckons the political challenges ahead as any alliance in cabinet in Maharashtra for stability of government comes with a big question mark on how to face each other as rivals in the local bodies.
The mood in the party is BJP should not give away its political space to Shiv Sena in any local bodies elections. Thus indicating that Shiv Sena, which broke the alliance ahead of 2014 assembly elections, cannot be considered as political ally. And its equations should be confined to “need based”. A case in point its presence in NDA or if it agrees to join the Fadnavis government.
The BJP local leaders and elected members have categorically conveyed to the central and state party leaders that if the Shiv Sena takes the decision to join the Devendra Fadnavis government in Maharashtra it should be confined only to the government functioning. And that it cannot be stretched to local bodies elections which will begin from March 2014.
The development comes a day after Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray and BJP’s Union Minister for Petroleum and Natural gas Dharmendra Pradhan held two hour long meeting in Mumbai. Both the sides are still working the proposals.
The Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Saturday said, “Although we have not reached a final conclusion the talks between Sena and BJP are still going on. I would like to reiterate that BJP wants the Sena to join the government in Maharashtra.”
However, at its internal meeting the BJP leadership at length discussed the political challenges ahead if Shiv Sena is taken on board in the government. Insiders revealed to The Indian Express, “The BJP wants the Shiv Sena to discuss the roadmap ahead including the coming municipal corporations and zilla parishad elections.”
Thus indicating that BJP is not willing to reconcile to the Sena’s upper hand in any of the civic bodies including Bombay Municipal Corporation (BMC), Thane Municipal Corporation, Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation, Pune Municipal Corporation et al.
A senior BJP functionary who vehemently voiced the party workers views at the meeting said, “After the 2014, Lok Sabha and assembly elections the political equations have drastically altered. The BJP is not only number one party in state but expects to do much better in the civic bodies. Now, will the Shiv Sena accept the BJP’s political growth.”
Even at present apart from BMC, BJP has strongholds in several local bodies and zilla parishads across Nagpur, Bhandara, Pune, Navi Mumbai el at.
At the end of 24 hours, Sena has not responded to BJP’s proposal for ten ministers in the Fadnavis government. A Sena leader said, “The BJP offered us one-third representation in government by givin ten berths. We have insisted for deputy chief minister and home minister portfolio.”

Narendra Modi for next-gen infrastructure to check NE youth out-migration to othercitiesWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: November 29, 2014 7:55 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 10:04 pm
Prime minister Narendra Modi on Saturday called for developing such next-generation infrastructure including setting up of optical fibre network in the Northeast which would create immense job opportunities within the region, in the process checking large-scale emigration of youth from here to other states.
“What the Northeast needs now is next-generation infrastructure including information highways that would create immense employment opportunities within the region. Improved connectivity on the other hand will trigger off huge domestic tourist flow to the region. With our government already allocating Rs 28000 crores for the region in the last railway budget, the Northeast is definitely heading for new heights of development,” the prime minister said.
He was flagging off by remote switch the first train from Mendipathar (in Meghalaya) to Guwahati as also laying foundation stone of the Bhairabi-Sairang railway line in Mizoram.
“Times are changing, and so is the world. Northeast today needs gas grid, safe drinking water, round-the-clock electricity. And finally optical fibre network. Infrastructure has to be built keeping in mind the requirements of life of changing times,” he said. Once optical fibre is in place, young people from the Northeast will not require to flock to places like Bangalore and Hyderabad in search of jobs. Call centres can then come up even in remote corners of the Northeast,” the prime minister said.
The Prime Minister said India now needs next-generation infrastructure – consisting of both highways and i-ways (information ways). He said there should be no digital divide, and the vision of Digital India also encompasses the Northeast. Why should there not be a gas-grid, why should we not get electricity for all 24 hours, Modi asked, expressing confidence that next-gen infrastructure would be the key to building a modern India. He said a good optical fibre network would lead to immense opportunities for the Northeast.
“Digital India’s dream must definitely include the Northeast too. Once I-way connectivity is established, remote corners of the Northeast will also be at par with other parts of the country,” he said.
Modi also described railways as a development tool and said railways not only connect people and places but also empower the community. “Railways constitute the backbone of India’s economy. Right now we do not look at railways holistically but only see it as station here and a stoppage here. We want to bring about both horizontal and vertical development of railways by upgrading technology. Railways have to be made the engine of India’s economic growth,” he said.
Pointing out that the NDA government was laying more stress on development of the Northeast, Modi also recalled that during his recent visit to Myanmar he had also explored possibilities of better connectivity between the two countries with special emphasis on how youth from the Northeast could continued…

Slew of changes to financial sector laws in offing: JaitleySlew of changes to financial sector laws in offing: Jaitley
Board of IL&FS Engineering & Construction Co approves change in directorateBoard of IL&FS Engineering & Construction Co approves change in directorate
Taliban hit Kabul aid workers  compound  breach Camp Bastion in southTaliban hit Kabul aid workers  compound  breach Camp Bastion in south
Orient beverage is another multibagger stock and command valuation als...Platinum Member
538 Followers
Orient beverage ran up from 12 to 193 and it`s hitting non Stop uc.. their entry into beverages in form of drinks like Urza..I feel if it finds more grip in mkt it has still long way to go.. Similarly freshtrop ha, stock come up with something special to backup seasonal business
In reply to : asts message
10.53 PM Nov 29th

Ardent fan on amma.....lol....another corrupt crook when i said...43 Followers
Dearaniketji,
First check the credentials of the boarders,evaluate them by their past recos and then follow them.Have you seen anything worth reading in the posts of some negative boarders,we are wasting our time.
Secondly when they are not invested y are they interested in this board at all??????
Intentions are very clear.Move on.
Im disappointed coz one of our boarders who was a n excellent news reporter is redflagged.At least we used to get some genuine news from him.Poor thing.Anyways the next 30 days will change the lives of many genuine investors(don`t know whether the operators chamchas)in this board will be successful or not????

Mitesh: i have been observing you for a few days  and knew from your p...New Member
2 Followers
The company has passed resolution(agenda No.14) regarding further issue of equity at the time of AGM. But the resolution lacked Borrowing & mortgage power which is necessary in the case of issue of FCCB. The Promoters are seems to be in touch of investment consultants.
And promoters at present , to my mind, practically have in principal agreed or about to finalise the fccb issue.
For the huge fund requirement issue :
The management is not replying clearly about their plan for such fund & again the  Explanatory statement annexed to the notice of EGM is not explainatory in nature but is the repetation of words that has been in the agendas for EGM.
To my mind, need of fund requirement may be on the following counts
1) for working & marketing requirement of the bus project.
2) For smoothening of their Total OEM manufturing segment
(under one umbrella i.e.,JBMA).The compactors division
which was closed 3-4 yr back after break up with
collaborator.But ,to my mind,may not require a huge fund
3) For a overseas acquisition of aeroplane parts manufacturing
co. or engine manufacturing company which the group is
sourcing from outside.
In reply to : veera message
12.09 PM Dec 1st

Jspl-buy call on steel sector for next week onwards by fund houses---r...Platinum Member
312 Followers
JSPL-Buy Call on Steel Sector for next week onwards by fund houses---reversel towards 170-190-200 is almost sure in next week---it is a hidden GEM--grab it lowest price
9.26 PM Nov 29th  | Track

Jian Ghomeshi Charged With Sexual AssaultFormer CBC radio host Jian Ghomeshi has been charged with four counts of sexual assault and one count of "overcome resistance -- choking," CBC News reported Wednesday .
Ghomeshi, 47, appeared in court Wednesday afternoon and was released on $100,000 bail, according to the Toronto Star . Conditions of his release also included the surrender of his passport, that he live with his mother, and that he not leave Ontario.
Following Ghomeshi's bail hearing, his lawyer, Marie Henein, gave a brief statement.
"Mr. Ghomeshi will be pleading not guilty," Henein said , adding that neither she nor Ghomeshi would be making any further media statements. "We will address these allegations fully and directly in a courtroom. It is not my practice to litigate my cases in the media."
The swarm of journalists and television crews surrounding Ghomeshi Wednesday could be seen on Twitter:
"We will not be making any further media statements nor will Mr. Ghomeshi be making any further media statements" pic.twitter.com/GsSU5aRIQg
— Don Peat (@reporterdonpeat) November 26, 2014
CHOPPER VIEW: #JianGhomeshi leaves court in #Toronto to huge media horde gathered outside. View from #CTVChopper pic.twitter.com/iBIVwFKS4C

Fresh Look At Museum s Fossils Reveals New Dinosaur Speciesreddit
After languishing in a museum for more than 75 years, a set of fossils has been given a fresh look--and it turns out the fossils belong to two never-before-identified species of horned dinosaur.
“We thought we had discovered most of the species, but it seems there are many undiscovered dinosaurs left ,” Dr. Nick Longrich, the University of Bath paleontologist who made the discoveries, said in a written statement. “We’ve really only just scratched the surface.”
The fossils had been housed at the Canadian Museum of Nature in Ottawa.
The newly discovered species are Pentaceratops aquilonius, a smaller cousin of the beloved horned plant-eater Triceratops, and another horned plant eater belonging to the genus Kosmoceratops. The dinosaurs roamed western North America at the end of the Cretaceous Period, around 75 million years ago.
(Story continues below image.)
Western North America hosted a remarkable diversity of dinosaurs, and among the most diverse clades was the Chasmosaurinae, a group of large, horned dinosaurs.
The fossils previously had been classified as two other species, Anchiceratops and Chasmosaurus.
Longrich has proposed that the horned dinosaurs likely migrated from one part of North America to the other , diverging to form new species -- and only competition between the species prevented the dinosaurs from moving between the northern and southern regions of the continent.
"With Cretaceous dinosaurs, we see a lot of large species in a single habitat," he said in the written statement. "They also tend to be very regional--as you move from one habitat to another, you get a completely different set of species."
A paper describing the discoveries was published in the September 2014 edition of the journal Cretaceous Research .
Also on HuffPost:

WTO trade deal vindicates India s firm stand: SitharamanCommerce and Industry Minister, Nirmala Sitharaman (file photo)
New Delhi, Nov 28:  
The agreement on trade facilitation and public procurement reached by World Trade Organisation (WTO) members on Thursday vindicated the "principled stand" taken by India on food security, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has said.
“I am happy to report that we have been able to secure an outcome that addresses our concerns,” Sitharaman said in her statement to the Rajya Sabha on Friday.
The Minister pointed out that in August she had informed Parliament that India had decided not to join the consensus in the WTO in the implementation of the Trade Facilitation Agreement till its concerns relating particularly to the decision on public stockholding for food security purposes were addressed.
“There was much criticism of this stand in the subsequent months but India stood firm. Over the ensuing months, we concentrated our efforts on explaining our concerns and working with WTO members. These efforts have borne fruit,” she said.
The WTO’s General Council gave its approval to a draft on food procurement which unambiguously states a mechanism under which WTO members will not challenge the public stockholding programmes of developing country members for food security purposes, in case agriculture subsidy caps are breached. The "peace clause" will remain in place in petpetuity until a permanent solution regarding the problem of calculating trade distorting subsidies is sorted out.
India, on its part, gave its support to the protocol on Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) which was also adopted by the General Council. The TFA, being pushed by all major developed countries and a handful of developing countries, is a pact on upgrading customs and border infrastructure and procedures.
“The indefinite continuation of the waiver mechanism ensures the interest of the wTO membership in expeditiously working towards a permanent solution and protects us from the risk of having to accept an unsuitable solution under the threat of a limited duration peace clause coming to an end,” Sitharaman said.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

April-October Fiscal Deficit hits 89.6% of FY15 targetApril-October Fiscal Deficit hits 89.6% of FY15 target
BS Reporter | New Delhi Nov 29, 2014 12:58 AM IST
The government’s fiscal deficit for the first seven months of this financial year totalled Rs 4.76 lakh crore, a staggering 89.6 per cent of the target of Rs 5.31 lakh crore for the entire financial year.
The fiscal deficit for the April-October period this year was the highest since at least 1998-99. For the corresponding period of 2013-14, the fiscal deficit was 84.4 per cent of the FY14 target.
With data for five months yet to come, policy watchers have voiced concern on whether the 2014-15 fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent of gross domestic product will be met. “Achieving the fiscal deficit target is going to be difficult. The situation is always there to cut expenditure,” said Madan Sabnavis, chief economist at CARE Ratings. “We expect shortfall in tax revenues, especially with indirect taxes, due to weak industrial output and imports.”
According to the data released by the Controller General of Accounts on Friday, net tax revenue for April-October stood at Rs 3.69 lakh crore, only 37.7per cent of the FY15 Budget estimate (BE) of Rs 9.77 lakh crore, while non-tax revenue was Rs 1.11 lakh crore (52.3 per cent of the BE of Rs 2.12 lakh crore). For the corresponding period of 2013-14, tax and non-tax revenues stood at 40.3 per cent and 57.8 per cent of their respective FY14 targets.
For April-October, non-debt capital receipts were Rs 6,264 crore, or 8.5 per cent of the FY15 BE of Rs 73,952crore, compared with 12.2 per cent for the corresponding period last year, primarily due to a dismal performance on the disinvestment front this year. The government’s overall expenditure in the September quarter was Rs 9.62 crore, or 53 per cent of BE. Non-Plan expenditure was Rs 6.95 lakh crore for April-October FY15, or 57 per cent of the BE of Rs 12.2 lakh crore, compared with 59 per cent for the year-ago period.
Plan expenditure for the first seven months of this financial year stood at Rs 2.67 lakh crore, or 46.4 per cent of the year’s BE of 5.75 lakh crore, compared with 48.3 per cent for the corresponding period last year.
As reported by Business Standard earlier, to meet the FY15 fiscal deficit target, termed “sacred” by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, he might have to opt for spending cuts of at least Rs 35,000-40,000 crore.
“We see a significant cut in expenditure, and it is inevitable that a large portion of it will come from capital spending,” Sabnavis said. While lower crude oil prices will lead to lower fuel subsidy for the year, officials have conceded the revenue department is likely to miss direct and indirect tax revenues in FY15.
The Centre’s plan to raise Rs 58,425 crore through disinvestment this year, with stake sales in 10 public sector undertakings, residual stake sale in Hindustan Zinc and Balco, and the government’s holding in Axis Bank, Larsen & Toubro and ITC through SUUTI, has not yet taken off. As it stands, the government has to exceed the budgeted revenue estimates from disinvestment, spectrum auctions (about Rs 9,300 crore) and special dividends from state-owned companies and banks (Rs 90,229.2 crore) or risk slashing capital spending, something former finance minister P Chidambaram was criticised for.

Swiss to vote on massive gold-buying plangold and precious material
In a test of their sense of financial security, the Swiss are being asked to vote on a proposal to make the central bank hold a fifth of its reserves in gold within five years.
In Switzerland, a campaign is on to protect the country’s wealth by investing in a lot of gold.
In a test of their sense of financial security, the Swiss are being asked to vote on a proposal to make the central bank hold a fifth of its reserves in gold within five years. That would mean buying about 1,500 metric tons, or 1,650 short tons, of gold worth more than $60 billion.
If the initiative wins the backing of a majority of voters this Sunday, the Swiss National Bank would also be prohibited from spending any of the treasure, which would have to be locked away in vaults entirely on Swiss soil. The prospect risks causing a spike in gold prices globally.
The nationalist Swiss People’s Party, the country’s largest, has brought the “Save our Swiss Gold” initiative, arguing it will restore trust in the central bank and its paper money. The proposal is opposed by the government and financial leaders but aims to capitalise on a growing sense of caution among the Swiss about the perceived dangers and increasing volatility of financial markets.
Though the country is among the world’s most prosperous, the initiative argues that owning physical gold in vaults would protect the country’s wealth from trouble in markets beyond the control of this small Alpine nation. The experience of the 2008 global financial crisis, triggered in part by complex investments that brought down multiple banks and bankrupted states, is fresh in people’s memories.
Jacques Mayor, a Geneva accountant, said he was wary of the idea of Switzerland buying or selling gold in large amounts in international markets.
“The last time they sold gold, we had an enormous loss,” Mr. Mayor said, referring to the central bank going $10 billion in the red in 2013, when the value of its gold holdings slumped.
Despite the perception that gold’s value is protected by the fact it is a physical good, its market price can in fact be quite volatile. The metal is used often by speculators as a safe haven.
Recently, gold has lost much of its sheen. Its price has fallen 11 per cent since the summer to around $1200 an ounce.
Swiss polling firm gfs.bern has found the initiative is likely to fail, with just 38 percent supporting it, short of the required majority. About 47 percent were opposed as of early November.
For investors, the vote is still too close for comfort.
“Initial market reaction to a yes vote would be a sharply higher price a $50 dollar rise looks plausible,” said Carsten Fritsch, commodity analyst at Commerzbank.
A greater impact may be felt over months, as global traders know the Swiss central bank will be a regular buyer. “It could provide the base for an upward trend in the years to come,” said Mr. Fritsch.
Until 1973, Switzerland was part of the Bretton Woods system of fixed exchange rates and the value of the Swiss franc was defined in grams of gold. But the Swiss National Bank, or SNB, was criticized for holding excessive gold reserves that generated too little return. Moving away from this system allowed the bank to decide more freely how to invest its currency reserves.
Fritz Zurbruegg, a member of SNB’s governing board, notes the Swiss still hold a relatively large amount of gold in reserve.
“At 125 grams per capita, Switzerland has the largest gold reserves per head of population of any country — triple those of Germany and quintuple those of the U.S.,” he told a conference last week.
If the initiative were to pass, the SNB would need to dramatically increase its gold holdings, which currently amount to 1,040 metric tons or just fewer than 8 percent of its nearly $532 billion in reserves as of the end of September. Raising that to the required 20 percent of its official reserve assets would mean buying gold worth over $60 billion at current prices.
There would be the additional cost of repatriating gold Switzerland now stores overseas. About 30 percent of the SNB’s gold is kept in U.K. and Canadian central banks. European countries historically store part of their gold with allies to protect it in case of war on the continent.
A gold-buying binge could also hurt the Swiss economy by reducing the amount of money the central bank has to spend on keeping a lid on the strong Swiss franc. The bank currently intervenes in currency markets to weaken the franc, with the ultimate aim of helping exporters and tourism.
Mr. Zurbruegg said the initiative to buy more gold could therefore disrupt the domestic economy. He added that the benefits would be dubious, “Gold which cannot be sold in a crisis no longer meets the definition of a reserve and thus offers no security at all.”

ED probing collusion of chartered accountants in Ponzi scamsUpdated: November 28, 2014 20:57 IST
ED probing collusion of chartered accountants in Ponzi scams
Indrani Dutta
corruption & bribery
The Finance Ministry maintains that auditors of most companies engaged in illegal money raising activities had failed in their duties to make mandatory disclosures and had made misleading statements.
The Enforcement Directorate is probing whether chartered accountants had colluded with promoters of Ponzi scheme companies that duped thousands of investors of their savings.
The Union Finance Ministry wrote a letter earlier this month to the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India in this regard.
The Chairman of the ICAI, Mr K Raghu, has responded to the ED missive. ED officials however declined to make any comments in this regard.
The Finance Ministry maintains that the auditors of most companies engaged in illegal money raising activities had failed in their duties to make mandatory disclosures and had made misleading statements. They had also failed to report on the unsecured loans given by these companies.
This is corroborated by many senior CA professionals who spoke to The Hindu on conditions of anonymity. “We have to admit that corporate fraud could be prevented had the ICAI used its powers to take action against erring members”, said the CEO of a multinational. Action has been taken in major cases like Satyam or Reebok but there are many smaller instances of frauds which have affected investors. A strong message could be given if ICAI was more proactive than reactive”, said another senior chartered accountant.
The ED letter to ICAI comes at a time when investigations are gathering steam. Even as several people have now been taken into custody for their involvement in the Saradha scam, the ED on Thursday swooped on 2,631 banks accounts of Rose Valley, whose illegal money raising activities was nearly treble that of Saradha by value and spanned across seven states in eastern, northern and western India.

Hero MotoCorp begins retail sales in ColombiaNEW DELHI, November 28, 2014
Updated: November 28, 2014 22:50 IST
Hero MotoCorp begins retail sales in Colombia
Yuthika Bhargava
scooters and motorbikes
The products launched includes Splendor iSmart, Eco Deluxe and Passion-Pro in 100cc segment, 125cc Glamour, 150cc Hunk and 225cc Karizma ZMR.
Hero MotoCorp on Friday said it had begun retail sales in Colombia with six of its motorcycles going for sale in 120 outlets. This is in line with the company’s target of clocking 1.2 million unit sales from global business by the year 2020.
“Colombia is one of the top two-wheeler markets in South America and, therefore, it is going to play a significant role as we continue to expand our footprint in the region. We are now building a manufacturing plant at Vila Rica in the Cauca province, which will be operational by the middle of next year,” Hero MotoCorp Vice Chairman, CEO and Managing Director Pawan Munjal said. The company plans to expand its network to over 150 outlets within a year.
“Going forward, we will aim at making Colombia a base for expanding our operations to neighbouring countries in the region,” Mr. Munjal added.
The products launched includes Splendor iSmart, Eco Deluxe and Passion-Pro in 100cc segment, 125cc Glamour, 150cc Hunk and 225cc Karizma ZMR.
Earlier in July, Hero MotoCorp had formed a wholly-owned subsidiary — HMCL Colombia SAS — in Colombia and commenced construction of manufacturing plant in the country.

Amerson explains absence that got him benched for 49ers gameBy Liz Clarke November 28 Follow @lizclarketweet
DALLAS, TX. October 27: Washington Redskins strong safety Brandon Meriweather (31) and cornerback David Amerson (39) defend against the Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant (88) in the second quarter at AT&T stadium on October 27, 2014 in Dallas, TX. (Photo by Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post)
Ruled inactive for last Sunday’s game against San Francisco after missing a team meeting and a portion of a morning walk-through, second-year cornerback David Amerson apologized to his teammates before kickoff and did his best to root on the dwindling ranks of defensive backs in the 17-13 loss.
On Friday, Amerson talked to reporters about what he called the “real unfortunate situation” that resulted when he lost his cellphone, which doubled as his alarm clock, and overslept.
“I understand Coach’s decision to sit me down because things like that can’t happen,” said Amerson, 22, who had started all 10 games prior to Sunday. “At the end of the day, it is my job to be here on time, no matter what the circumstances are.”
Amerson, Washington’s top pick (second round, 51st overall) in the 2013 NFL draft following his junior year at N.C. State, said his unexplained absence triggered alarm among teammates and coaches. “People thought I was dead or locked up or all kinds of stuff,” he said. “It was real unfortunate. I just can’t let things that like happen.”
With Amerson benched and E.J. Biggers and Tracy Porter injured during the game, defensive backs coach Raheem Morris was frantically converting safeties to cornerbacks, linebackers to safeties. The defense forced three turnovers and held San Francisco at bay until surrendering the game-winning touchdown drive in the fourth quarter.
“No one took it as hard as I took it,” Amerson said. “I felt like I was letting the whole organization down. Not being here, not being able to play, and not being on the field. Especially with all the injuries that went down.
“… At the end of the day I am responsible to be here on time, no matter what the circumstance. I definitely learned my lesson. Like I said, I’ve just got to take it upon myself, no matter what, to make sure I’m here or at work. It’s definitely a lesson learned.”
Although Amerson has been restored to the starting lineup, Washington may well be without Biggers for Sunday’s game at 7-4 Indianapolis . Featured on nickel packages, Biggers, a sixth-year cornerback, is undergoing the NFL’s concussion protocol and has not has not yet been able practice.
“I would say he has a shot, but it’s probably a long one, as best,” Gruden said Friday, asked about Biggers’ availability for Sunday’s game.
Liz Clarke currently covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post, she has also covered five Olympic Games, two World Cups and written extensively about college sports, tennis and auto racing.

Star Wars trailerBy Andrea Peterson November 28 Follow @kansasalps
The first teaser trailer of "Star Wars: The Force Awakens," the Disney-backed feature directed by J.J. Abrams, which opens in theaters Dec. 18, 2015. (Disney)
Nerds around the world felt a great disturbance in the force, as if millions of Internet users suddenly scrambled to watch their first glimpse of the new Star Wars film. The first teaser trailer of Star Wars: The Force Awakens, the Disney-backed feature directed by J.J. Abrams and set after the original film trilogy, premiered on iTunes this morning.
Head to @iTunesTrailers for the exclusive digital debut of the Star Wars: #TheForceAwakens teaser: http://t.co/fEORoL6QWg #StarWars
— Star Wars (@starwars) November 28, 2014
Previously, it was announced that the trailer would be premiering at a handful of select theaters across the country this weekend -- potentially setting up a similar situation to Episode I, when diehard fans bought tickets to unrelated films just to watch the new Star Wars trailer. Then earlier this week, it was revealed that the trailer would also be posted online Friday  -- but via Apple's iTunes Trailers service.
But fans with an aversion to Apple's Quicktime plugin, fear not. Within minutes of the video hitting the Web, copies started making their way onto other services -- including Youtube .
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

Sony To Pay PlayStation Vita Owners After SettlementSony To Pay PlayStation Vita Owners After Settlement
Reuters
Updated:
11/26/2014 11:59 am EST
Sony Computer Entertainment's PlayStation Vita, called "PSVITA" for short, is shown during a press conference in Tokyo Wednesday, Sept. 14, 2011. Sony's upgraded portable video game machine PlayStation Vita is going on sale in Japan on Dec. 17 with 26-game software going on sale on the same date, but it's still not available overseas until next year. (AP Photo/Itsuo Inouye) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sony Computer Entertainment America has agreed to settle allegations it misled consumers about features of its PlayStation Vita handheld gaming console, the Federal Trade Commission said on Tuesday.
As part of the settlement, Sony will stop making the inaccurate claims and will give people who had purchased the device either a $25 refund or $50 voucher to buy other games, the FTC said.
Sony and its advertising company, Deutsch LA, had claimed inaccurately the console would enable consumers to play remotely and would allow them to begin a game on the PlayStation 3, then move to the smaller Vita without losing continuity, the FTC said.
In fact, most PlayStation 3 games could not be played remotely and only a few could be played cross-platform.
The FTC also said that people who bought the 3G version of the PS Vita were told that they would be able to engage in live multiplayer gaming with the device when in fact they could not.
The FTC also settled with Deutsch LA, which had urged its staffers to praise the device on Twitter without also instructing them to disclose their relationship to Sony.
Deutsch LA prepared the advertising for the launch of the PS Vita and either knew or should have known that the ads were misleading, the FTC said.
"As we enter the year’s biggest shopping period, companies need to be reminded that if they make product promises to consumers -- as Sony did with the 'game changing' features of its PS Vita -- they must deliver on those pledges," said Jessica Rich, director of the FTC’s Bureau of Consumer Protection, in a statement.
Attempts to reach the two companies for comment were not immediately successful.
(Reporting and writing by Diane Bartz; Editing by Bill Trott and Chizu Nomiyama)
More:

At least 120 killed  270 injured in Nigeria mosque attackAt least 120 killed, 270 injured in Nigeria mosque attack
ANI | London Nov 29, 2014 10:19 AM IST
Almost 120 people were killed and 270 were injured when two suicide bombers blew themselves up and gunmen opened fire on a Muslim gathering during Friday prayers in the central mosque in northern Nigeria's largest city of Kano, a rescue official said.
The official also said that the death toll could rise as several people have been critically injured, reported the CNN.
A third bomb also exploded outside the mosque amid a crowd of worshippers.
The attacks came two days after the emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi II, one of Nigeria's most influential monarchs, urged people to arm themselves and fight Islamist militant group Boko Haram. The emir made the statement in the same mosque where the attack took place on Friday.
Although no group has claimed responsibility for the attack, Boko Haram is the main suspect.
The attack is also being read by some as a reprisal for the emir's call to take up arms against the militant group.
The group has been waging insurgency in the nation since 2009 and has killed more than 2,000 people this year.
While condemning the attack, President Goodluck Jonathan urged the Nigerians to remain united to confront the enemy. He also said that his government would take every possible step to end terrorism.

Libaas prints belong to govt: IFFI director reacts to legal noticeComments
Producer of 1988 film Libaas, Vikas Mohan, had sent a legal notice to International Film Festival of India (IFFI) director Shankar Mohan seeking apology for screening the Gulzar's directorial venture at the ongoing festival.  Reacting to the development, Mohan told HT that the cost for making movie was born by the government of India (Directorate of Film Festivals) and the prints belong to the directorate.
Shankar Mohan at International Film Festival in Goa.
Shankar Mohan, who is in Goa for IFFI 2014, said, "I haven't received the notice yet. Maybe they sent it to the Delhi office, I am not aware of it. But considering the fact that IFFI is all about promoting films and tehre is no commercial gain involved, I really doubt if the notice stands ground."
Vikas Mohan said that the permission for screening was given 22 years ago in 1991. So, is the permission still valid? The IFFI director said, "We need to look into the technical details but as far as our knowledge goes, the Indian Panorama Films are made at government cost for promoting the films. We have the rights for non-commercial screenings to promote cinema." The entire festival is about promoting films and filmmakers. There is no commercial angle to it and if the government wanted, they could have got sponsors for the festival."
Further talking about screening Libaas, Shankar Mohan said, "We do special retrospective on Dadasaheb Phalke award winner. Since Gulzar has a huge body of work and we don't have many slots, we asked Gulzar to pick and choose. Libaas was one of the choices and fortunately we had the prints."

Badal: Will take up issue of release of 39 Punjabis in Iraq with CentreBadal: Will take up issue of release of 39 Punjabis in Iraq with Centre
PTI
Tweet
Badal (Punjab), Nov 29:  
Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal today said the Punjab government would once again take up the issue of “safe and prompt release” of 39 Punjabis trapped in Iraq, with the Narendra Modi-led government at the Centre.
The Chief Minister said from the last few months the SAD-BJP government had been consistently taking up this matter with the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) and now again he had asked the Union Food Processing Minister and SAD’s Bathinda MP Harsimrat Kaur Badal and other Akali MPs to pursue the matter with the Centre.
“We are making strenuous efforts to bring back the Punjabis from Iraq safely by regularly keeping a liaison with the Centre,” Badal told reporters here on the sidelines of his Sangat Darshan programme of the Lambi segment.
Badal said that besides taking up the issue with External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, he was regularly in touch with the special envoy of the Centre in Iraq over the matter.
“The State government is extremely worried for the sons of the soil trapped in Mosul city of Iraq and no stone is being left unturned for ensuring their safe return to their motherland,” he said.
The Chief Minister claimed that being an international affair there was limited scope of the State government in this matter and only Union Government was competent to pursue this issue with their counterparts in Iraq.
He further said that on its part the Centre was also trying its level best to evacuate the stranded Punjabis in the strife-torn Iraq and hoped all these steps would bear fruit.
Replying to another query, Badal said the State government was making all efforts to eradicate the menace of cancer from State.
He said the setting up of the Homi Bhabha Cancer Treatment and Research Centre at Mullanpur on the outskirts of Chandigarh was a right step towards this direction.
Badal said the State government has already made elaborate arrangements to provide state-of-the-art treatment to cancer patients in the government medical colleges at Amritsar, Patiala and Faridkot.
He further said the State government had also initiated a cashless treatment scheme for the patients besides making efforts to provide subsidised medicines to them.
Earlier addressing the gatherings at the villages of Singhanwala, Fatuhiwala, Mithdi, Gaggad, Badal, Mehna and Bhaagu, Badal bemoaned that due to the escalating costs of agriculture inputs and squeezing margins of profit, farming was no longer a profitable venture.
He impressed upon farmers the need to adopt allied agriculture activities like dairy farming, fishery, piggery, and others in order to supplement their income.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Live Updates: ET Awards for Corporate Excellence 2014Sebi chief UK Sinha receives Business Reformer of the Year award
09:45 PM
Mu Sigma's Dhiraj Rajaram is Entrepreneur of the Year
09:43 PM
Chandra Shekhar Ghosh receives Entrepreneur of the Year award
09:28 PM
ET Awards 2014 ceremony concludes
09:28 PM
Jaspal Bindra: We will keep the faith that macro economic reforms will bear fruit
09:28 PM
Jaspal Bindra, Standard Chartered Bank: I can only imagine how much Corporate India can prosper with a supportive govt
09:27 PM
Jaspal Bindra, Standard Chartered Bank: The government has many challenges ahead of it
09:27 PM
Jaspal Bindra, Standard Chartered Bank: Important to strengthen perception of domestic and international investors
09:26 PM
Microsoft's Satya Nadella is Global Indian of the Year
09:26 PM
Jaspal Bindra, Standard Chartered Bank: I am very confident that with the resonding mandate that Modi govt has got, we will see major development
09:24 PM
Yusuf Hamied: We want a healthy India where healthcare is provided to one and all
09:23 PM
Yusuf Hamied: India is regarded as the pharmacy of the world and enjoys the reputation of a source that provides quality medicines
09:23 PM
Yusuf Hamied: Make in India is already an established reality in the pharma industry
09:23 PM
Yusuf Hamied: We need to start saving lives
09:23 PM
Yusuf Hamied: The crucial need to serve peple's need to access affordable medicines needs to be met
09:22 PM
Yusuf Hamied: Today India is regarded as the pharmacy of the world
09:22 PM
Yusuf Hamied: Appeal to the forward looking govt, the crucial need for people to access quality medicines at affordable rates
09:21 PM
Yusuf Hamied: The scale of disease in our country is alarming
09:20 PM
We can shape our destiny now: Ravi Dhariwal, Times Group CEO
09:20 PM
Yusuf Hamied: Access to medicines is a basic fundamental right
09:20 PM
We need to have a shared vision: FM Arun Jaitley
09:19 PM
Yusuf Hamied: No individual can singularly take credit for anything
09:19 PM
Cipla's Yusuf Hamied recieves Lifetime Achievement award
09:18 PM
It is still too early to predict whether the prices of cancer drugs will come crashing down, but Hamied has set the ball rolling.
09:17 PM
Cipla's Yusuf Hamied gets Lifetime Achievement Award
09:17 PM
Dilip Shanghvi: Our business is simply people; 15000 people here have gone beyond the call of duty to help us reach here
09:17 PM
Dilip Shanghvi: Our business is people
09:15 PM
Sun Pharma's Dilip Shanghvi recieves Business Leader of the Year award
09:15 PM
Dilip Shanghvi: Recieve this award on behalf of the entire team of Sun Pharma
09:15 PM
The low-key, but persistent, managing director of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries is a self-made billionaire.
09:14 PM
Sun Pharma's Dilip Shanghvi is Business Leader of the Year
09:14 PM
N Chandrasekaran: The new government's Digital India initiative is a key theme; it the single biggest opportunity we have to solve many of our problems
09:14 PM
Piyush Goyal: Very recently, I spoke to N Chandrasekaran about AIIMs. He promised that AIIMS will have IT-enabled infrastructure in a few years
09:12 PM
N Chandrasekaran: To my mind, additional GDP growth can be delivered with the help of Digital India
09:12 PM
N Chandrasekaran: Govt has announced Digital India as a big initiative
09:11 PM
N Chandrasekaran: I want to thank all our customers and the Tata Group
09:11 PM
N Chandrasekaran: Thank ET Jury nad the Honourable FM for this Award
09:11 PM
N Chandrasekaran recieves Company of the Year award on behalf of TCS
09:10 PM
Over the past year TCS has also staked its claim to the upper reaches of the global IT sector as it has entered the rarified club of top 10 IT companies in the world.
09:09 PM
Tata Consultancy Services is Company of the Year
09:09 PM
UK Sinha: Sebi can deliver reforms without being disruptive
09:08 PM
UK Sinha: This award is a testimony that the society is willing to understand the role of Sebi
09:07 PM
UK Sinha: This award reinforces the fact that the role of a  regulator can be appreciated
09:06 PM
UK Sinha: Regulators always end up being criticised
09:06 PM
UK Sinha: Happy this award gave clarity to the role of a regulator
09:06 PM
UK Sinha: Very happy that the award has recognised the role of the regulator
09:05 PM
UK Sinha: There has to be a first time; it is a matter of great honour that an ET Award has been given to a regulator for bringing reforms
09:05 PM
Sebi chief UK Sinha recieves Business Reformer of the Year award
09:04 PM
In the midst of challenges, Sinha took up the onerous task of pushing through steps that have made it more conducive for retail investors to invest.
09:03 PM
UK Sinha is Business Reformer of the Year
09:03 PM
Karan Adani: Our future ambition includes keeping a strong international presence
09:03 PM
Karan Adani: Creating world class infra is the greatest challenge and opportunity for India
09:02 PM
Karan Adani: We aim to continue and break our own records
09:02 PM
Karan Adani: My father (Gautam Adani) says, when it comes to nation building, it is country before self
09:02 PM
Karan Adani: Thinking Big and Doing Better is our objective
09:01 PM
Karan Adani recieves Emerging Company of the Year award on behalf of Adani Ports
09:01 PM
Karan Adani: We are honoured and deeply humbled to receive this award
09:00 PM
While government port expansion is taking time to take off, 20-year-old Adani Ports has carved a niche for itself, and a loyal customer base.
08:59 PM
Gautam Adani's Adani Ports & SEZ is Emerging Company of the Year
08:59 PM
Dhiraj Rajaram: Data can take Acche Din to Bade Acche Din
08:59 PM
Dhiraj Rajaram: The fourth D to add to PM Modi's 3D is data
08:58 PM
Dhiraj Rajaram: Mu Sigma is helping people benefit from change
08:57 PM
Mu Sigma's Dhiraj Rajaram recieves Entrepreneur of the Year award
08:56 PM
He must be doing something right — the company formed by Rajaram almost a decade ago is now considered among the top global big data companies.
08:55 PM
Mu Sigma's Dhiraj Rajaram is Entrepreneur of the Year
08:55 PM
Chandra Shekhar Ghosh: Congratulate PM Modi for 'Jan Dhan' Yojana
08:55 PM
Chandra Shekhar Ghosh: Employees have put in a lot of hardwork
08:54 PM
Chandra Shekhar Ghosh: I started this organisation with two employees in 2001
08:53 PM
Chandra Shekhar Ghosh: This is an honour that I recieve this award on behalf of my employees
08:53 PM
Chandra Shekhar Ghosh recieves Entrepreneur of the Year award
08:52 PM
What makes Bandhan markedly different from its rivals is its ability to run a low-cost operation and provide loans at the most competitive rate in the microfinance space.
08:51 PM
Bandhan's Chandra Shekhar Ghosh is Entrepreneur of the Year
08:51 PM
Pankaj Chaddah recieves Startup of the Year award on behalf of Zomato
08:51 PM
Zomato: We have been pushing hard to make the 'Make in India' tagline global
08:51 PM
Zomato: Thank you for choosing us as the start up of the year
08:50 PM
The company has 240,000 restaurant listings ranging from street food outlets and small cafes to plush restaurants at five-star hotels.
08:50 PM
Zomato bags Startup of the Year Award
08:49 PM
TV Narendran, MD, Tata Steel: The community is the very purpose of our existence
08:49 PM
TV Narendran, MD, Tata Steel: It is really an honour and privelage
08:49 PM
T V Narendra recieves Corporate Citizen of the Year award for Tata Steel
08:48 PM
Its Maternal and Newborn Survival Initiative has altered the health indicators of villages in Seraikela, one of India’s most backward regions.
08:47 PM
Tata Steel is Corporate Citizen of the Year
08:46 PM
Satya Nadella: I got a chance to dream, play, read & develop, the attitude of 'Dil pe mat le yaar' has helped me
08:46 PM
Bhaskar Pramanik - Chairman of Microsoft (India) - recieves Global Indian of the Year award on behalf of Satya Nadella
08:45 PM
Satya Nadella: Thank you ET. I feel humility on getting this award. My journey has been nothing short of surreal.
08:44 PM
As a leader, his biggest achievement has probably been the fact that he is visible. In e-mails to employees, Nadella is attempting to be more human and less bossy, sounding the right tone of inspiration.
08:43 PM
Microsoft's Satya Nadella is Global Indian of the Year
08:43 PM
Ravi Dhariwal, CEO, Times Group: Today we take time out to celebrate excellence
08:43 PM
Ravi Dhariwal, CEO, Times Group: ET Online and ET Now bring news to you 24*7
08:42 PM
Ravi Dhariwal, CEO, Times Group: Politics is only a part of our lives; cricket, friends, family, art are also a part of life
08:42 PM
Times Group CEO Ravi Dhariwal: Today we have been granted the role of modifying the country
08:42 PM
Ravi Dhariwal, CEO, Times Group: We are the flower, we need to bloom
08:41 PM
Times Group CEO Ravi Dhariwal: We are not content with passivism any more; there is a sentiment of change in the air today
08:41 PM
Ravi Dhariwal, CEO, Times Group: Govt is not the flower, it is the stem of the flower
08:40 PM
Ravi Dhariwal, CEO, Times Group: The govt is setting the mood, setting the stage
08:40 PM
Ravi Dhariwal, CEO, Times Group: We can shape our destiny, we are now confident of that
08:40 PM
Ravi Dhariwal, CEO, Times Group: Today we have our rousing moment
08:40 PM
Ravi Dhariwal, CEO, Times Group: I am reminded of a gazal, 'Dil mein ek lehar si utthi hai abhi, koi tazaa hawa chali hai abhi'
08:38 PM
Piyush Goyal: Amit Shah was the man of the match who brought us the majority
08:38 PM
Piyush Goyal: Amit Shah extends his greetings
08:38 PM
Piyush Goyal: Unfortunately he (Amit Shah) was taken ill last evening
08:37 PM
Piyush Goyal: Mr Amit Shah was slated to be with us this evening
08:37 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Grateful to the platform for giving me an opportunity to speak
08:36 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: India is back on the radar; some people will try and obstruct, but these will not be able to last long
08:35 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Some sections in India need to be subsidised because of their vulnerability
08:34 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: There is  need to have a fresh look at the Land Acquisition Law
08:34 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Land for national security also requires multiple clearances
08:33 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: We are looking at the Land law, I have no problem with farmers getting compensation
08:33 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: We de-linked diesel to the market
08:33 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: The coal mess can be resolved by a single ordinance
08:32 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: We have to assure investors that manufacturing in India will be competitive and cost effective
08:31 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Manohar Parrikar has fitted into the Defence portfolio, like a fish in the water
08:31 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: On a lighter note, if ours is a learning experience, UPA's was an earning experience
08:31 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: The PM consciously decided to give key economic portfolios to younger colleagues because their mindsets did not carry the baggage of the past; they were willing to learn
08:30 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: The young Cabinet does not carry a baggage of the past
08:30 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: PM Modi is an inspiration for the entire team
08:29 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: We will have a avery serious look at whether we should pursue a cause that brought us a bad name
08:28 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: We have assured investors about the tax regime; we will not have retrospective taxation
08:27 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: We need to have a shared vision
08:27 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: We need to stop having a mindset that wants to obstruct
08:27 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Why should we have ramshackle railways?
08:27 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: PM Modi had the courage to say that in order to reform India you need to reform Railways
08:26 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: We have opened up only four sectors under our government
08:25 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: We want to get governmental discretions out of the way
08:24 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: The horrific past is behind us
08:24 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: A globally competitive, world-class railway the need of the hour
08:24 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Taxation regime of the past government scared global investors away
08:23 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: None of the measures on tax taken in the past will help me raise more taxes
08:23 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Previous government took erroneous steps that led to fiscal defciit going up
08:21 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Land Acquisition Law has many flaws
08:21 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Fail to understand the logic behind the obsolete idea that in 2014 you can still find virtues that hasn't served you
08:20 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: The thinking in the past few years was obsolete
08:19 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Ideas of commercial mining have come about; ideas cannot be stalled, they can only be delayed
08:19 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Power and coal sector took a hit in the last 7 years; Coal India also has not been doing well
08:18 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: In the past few years, the entire power sector took a hit, Coal India took a hit
08:17 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: India has growth potential of 8%
08:17 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: In the last few years, the system was not very sure who had the last word
08:16 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Important to learn from mistakes of the past to get back onto the growth track
08:16 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: In our system of governance, government has to be decisive
08:16 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Important to learn from the mistakes of the past
08:15 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Growth had dipped and dipped quite low
08:15 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: People are in a hurry; they want early results
08:14 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: PM works overtime; the ministers are compelled to work overtime
08:14 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: This is the first time I am attending ET Awards
08:13 PM
FM Arun Jaitley: Thank Economic Times for letting me speak at this function
08:13 PM
FM Arun Jaitley delivers the keynote address
08:11 PM
Sachin Bansal: We are behind from a policy point of view and that needs to be addressed
08:11 PM
Sachin Bansal, Flipkart: Landline penetration did not happen, we went straight to mobiles
08:11 PM
Sachin Bansal, Flipkart: We need to take steps in the IT sector
08:10 PM
Sachin Bansal, Flipkart: Broadband spectrum is not enough to cater to the needs of the country
08:10 PM
Sachin Bansal: The sentiment has changed tremendously in the past few months; India's growth rate promising especially when pitted against other developing economies
08:10 PM
Sachin Bansal, Flipkart: India showing promise in a globally slowing economy
08:09 PM
Sachin Bansal, Flipkart: Sentiment has changed a lot; there is a huge positive sentiment around India
08:09 PM
Question to Sachin Bansal: What can the government do to boost entrepreneurship in the country?
08:09 PM
Sachin Bansal, Flipkart: Better environment from investment point of view is happening now
08:09 PM
Sachin Bansal, Flipkart: Domestic internet penetration is growing very fast
08:08 PM
Sachin Bansal, Flipkart: Indians have cretaed a large role in creation of internet related companies
08:07 PM
YC Deveshwar: Focus on manufacturing competitiveness is needed
08:07 PM
YC Deveshwar: Investment should take root in the municipality and panchayat level
08:07 PM
YC Deveshwar: Govt's initiatives will take time to show on ground
08:06 PM
YC Deveshwar: In the past, we have compromised on competitiveness
08:06 PM
YC Deveshwar: We need jobs to make economy move forward
08:05 PM
YC Deveshwar: In a globalised world, we need to be competitive
08:04 PM
YC Deveshwar: Govt has displayed enormous amount of energy
08:04 PM
FM Jaitley: I must congratulate the Commerce Minister for articulating India's stand at WTO
08:03 PM
FM Jaitley: We wanted the peace clause to co-exist as long as the dispute existed
08:03 PM
Arun Jaitley: The orginal WTO arrangement at Bali was imperfect
08:02 PM
Nirmala Sitharaman: Credit for the WTO deal goes to the PM
08:02 PM
Nirmala Sitharaman: Fear of isolation was not an issue at WTO
08:02 PM
Sunil Mittal: We are blessed to have a government like this
08:01 PM
Sunil Mittal: I must congratulate the govt for its stance at WTO; we are blessed to have a govt like this
08:01 PM
Sunil Mittal: Our importance was evident at WTO
08:01 PM
Sunil Mittal: India cannot be a nation trading with itself; it is a very important player in the global market
08:01 PM
Sunil Mittal: India is a very important player in the global market
08:00 PM
Sunil Mittal: Govt is fast changing the way the industry operates
08:00 PM
Sunil Mittal: This govt is truly committed to bringing about change in the country
08:00 PM
Sunil Mittal: Govt seems committed to Digital India; it is a hard working government
07:59 PM
Sunil Mittal: I am very pleased that Digital India is on top of govt's agenda
07:59 PM
Sunil Mittal: Govt's vision is very clear
07:59 PM
Ivan Menezes: A lot has chnaged in a short duration
07:58 PM
Ivan Menezes: As Indian CEO, I am very proud
07:58 PM
Ivan Menezes: Tourism can attract a lot of investment
07:57 PM
Ivan Menezes: Make in India is an enormous initiative
07:57 PM
Ivan Menezes: Hope that the number of clearances comes down drastically
07:57 PM
Ivan Menezes: Ease of Business is key to India's progress
07:56 PM
Ivan Menezes: Delighted to see the reforms agenda being talked about by the government
07:56 PM
Ivan Menezes: Sentiment about India has changed drastically
07:55 PM
Question to Nirmala Sitharaman: One of the sectors responsible for optimism among investors is e-commerce. But this space has been facing a certain amount of doubt regarding regularities. What you think about this?
07:55 PM
Nirmala Sitharaman: Waiting for response to Make in India to start showing on ground
07:54 PM
Nirmala Sitharaman: Response to Make in India is very good
07:54 PM
Nirmala Sitharaman: Difficult to put a brake on role of technology
07:54 PM
Nirmala Sitharaman: Technology is taking over a lot of things, particularly in retail sector
07:52 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: Maharashtra needs sustainable agriculture
07:51 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: Every investor investing more than Rs 100crore will be given a facilitator from the government to get permissions
07:50 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: IT platform will be used for clearances
07:50 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: Mumbai and Delhi are two important cities that are looked at for Ease of Doing Business
07:50 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: These commercial spaces should offer affordable rentals
07:50 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: Mumbai is vital for Ease of Doing Business
07:49 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: Commercial rentals need to come down
07:49 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: We need to create commercial spaces in Mumbai if we want it to be the financial capital
07:48 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: None of the said infrastructure initivatives have really started
07:48 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: Mumbai needs affordable housing
07:48 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: I hope to be able to fast track many projects
07:48 PM
ET Awards 2014: Vineet Jain, BCCL MD's welcome speech
07:47 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: We are planning to expedite the New Mumbai Airport
07:47 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: Expect an announcement on the coastal road soon
07:47 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: We need speedier clearances
07:46 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: I have cleared many infra projects
07:45 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: If we have to de-congest Mumbai, we have to build coastal roads
07:45 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: Mumbai has not created infrastructure initiatives in 15 years
07:45 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: We have to improve ease of doing business
07:45 PM
Question to Devendra Fadnavis: CEOs have been complaining about a lack of infrastructure in Mumbai. What do you say to that?
07:44 PM
Devendra Fadnavis: If India has to grow 8%, Maharashtra has to grow above 10%
07:43 PM
Piyush Goyal: I hope to be able to escalate the production in Coal India
07:43 PM
Piyush Goyal: The timelines of the ordinance will be final  by Monday or Tuesday
07:43 PM
Piyush Goyal: The first priority of the government should be national assets
07:42 PM
Piyush Goyal: We will stick to the timelines that we give; clearly we mean business
07:42 PM
Piyush Goyal: I have budgetary support from the Finance Minister
07:42 PM
Question to Piyush Goyal: How confident are you of meeting deadlines when it comes to the ordinance?
07:41 PM
Piyush Goyal: We stand for whatever we say; we will take whatever steps necessary for that
07:41 PM
Piyush Goyal: The coal ordinance is a reality waiting to happen in the next few days
07:40 PM
Piyush Goyal: Power sector has been PM Narendra Modi's priority; hopeful that the ordinance will be passed in parliament
07:40 PM
Piyush Goyal: We have addressed the woes of the power sector
07:40 PM
Piyush Goyal: Power sector a priority one for PM Modi
07:39 PM
Question to Piyush Goyal: Do expect the coal ordinance to become law in the  current session of Parliament?
07:38 PM
FM Jaitley: Recently we have had a submarine order, where private and public sector has been asked to compete with international players
07:36 PM
Manohar Parrikar: Hope to push through more reforms in the defence sector
07:35 PM
Manohar Parrikar: Defence sector offers potential for Indian industry
07:34 PM
FM Jaitley: We need far greater preparedness in the Defence sector
07:33 PM
Arun Jaitley: Allocation of resources our top priority
07:33 PM
FM Jaitley: A monthly meeting of the Defence acquisition counsel has been fixed
07:33 PM
FM Jaitley: The objective of FDI in Defence is capacity building
07:32 PM
FM Jaitley: ET criticized our move on FDI in Defence, asking why not 51%
07:32 PM
FM Jaitley: FDI in Defence is a major policy move
07:31 PM
Arun Jaitley: We got our priorities right when it comes to defence from day 1
07:31 PM
FM Jaitley: We have got our priorities right in the defence sector
07:31 PM
Manohar Parrikar: All my files ultimately land on Mr Jaitley's desk, I thank him for the support
07:31 PM
Manohar Parrikar: We are trying to make 'Make in India' a reality in the defence sector
07:31 PM
Question to Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar: Could you give us a sense of your priorities when it comes to the running of the government?
07:30 PM
Manohar Parrikar: Huge potential for Indian industry
07:28 PM
Waiting for bureaucracy to start taking decisions: Kaushik Chatterjee
07:28 PM
Bodhisatva Ganguli: There is little doubt that PM Modi has changed the sentiment
07:28 PM
Things are on right track, expect two years to achieve 8% growth: India Inc
07:27 PM
ET Awards 2014: I am a tad bit nervous, says host Karan Johar
07:26 PM
Vineet Jain: FM Jaitley has the toughest job in the Modi sarkar
07:26 PM
Vineet Jain: We bring a panel discussion on how to achieve the 'Acche Din'
07:25 PM
Vineet Jain: I hope the government will take a stand on net neutrality
07:25 PM
Vineet Jain: We advocate freedom of speech
07:25 PM
Vineet Jain: As a media house, we have batted for a level playing field for everyone
07:25 PM
Vineet Jain: I hope this government will continue to support the media
07:25 PM
Vineet Jain: The PM has made stellar contributions in the fields of coal mining, labour, and ease of doing business
07:24 PM
Vineet Jain: In the 6 months he has been in office, PM Narendra Modi has wowed investors
07:24 PM
Vineet Jain: Winners of ET Awards represent the changing landscape
07:24 PM
Vineet Jain: To quote the PM, 'Yeh Dil Maange More'
07:24 PM
Vineet Jain: PM Modi has raised spirits; gloom of the last few years is now a distant memory
07:23 PM
Vineet Jain, BCCL, MD: It is my pleasure to welcome you to ET Awards 2014
07:22 PM
Representing India Inc: Sachin Bansal, YC Deveshwar, Sunil Mittal
07:21 PM
Karan Johar invites Vineet Jain, Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis, Nirmala Sitharaman, Piyush Goyal, Manohar Parrikar, Arun Jaitley on stage
07:20 PM
ET Awards 2014: Host for the evening Karan Johar takes to the stage
07:20 PM
Karan Johar hosts the ET Awards 2014 function
07:19 PM

Egypt court acquits Hosni Mubarak  his commanders of murder chargeEgypt court acquits Hosni Mubarak  his commanders of murder charge
WTO agreement vindicates India s stand on food security: Nirmala SitharamanWTO agreement vindicates India s stand on food security: Nirmala Sitharaman
Modi for next-gen infrastructure to check NE youth out-migration to other citiesWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: November 29, 2014 7:55 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 10:04 pm
Prime minister Narendra Modi on Saturday called for developing such next-generation infrastructure including setting up of optical fibre network in the Northeast which would create immense job opportunities within the region, in the process checking large-scale emigration of youth from here to other states.
“What the Northeast needs now is next-generation infrastructure including information highways that would create immense employment opportunities within the region. Improved connectivity on the other hand will trigger off huge domestic tourist flow to the region. With our government already allocating Rs 28000 crores for the region in the last railway budget, the Northeast is definitely heading for new heights of development,” the prime minister said.
He was flagging off by remote switch the first train from Mendipathar (in Meghalaya) to Guwahati as also laying foundation stone of the Bhairabi-Sairang railway line in Mizoram.
“Times are changing, and so is the world. Northeast today needs gas grid, safe drinking water, round-the-clock electricity. And finally optical fibre network. Infrastructure has to be built keeping in mind the requirements of life of changing times,” he said. Once optical fibre is in place, young people from the Northeast will not require to flock to places like Bangalore and Hyderabad in search of jobs. Call centres can then come up even in remote corners of the Northeast,” the prime minister said.
The Prime Minister said India now needs next-generation infrastructure – consisting of both highways and i-ways (information ways). He said there should be no digital divide, and the vision of Digital India also encompasses the Northeast. Why should there not be a gas-grid, why should we not get electricity for all 24 hours, Modi asked, expressing confidence that next-gen infrastructure would be the key to building a modern India. He said a good optical fibre network would lead to immense opportunities for the Northeast.
“Digital India’s dream must definitely include the Northeast too. Once I-way connectivity is established, remote corners of the Northeast will also be at par with other parts of the country,” he said.
Modi also described railways as a development tool and said railways not only connect people and places but also empower the community. “Railways constitute the backbone of India’s economy. Right now we do not look at railways holistically but only see it as station here and a stoppage here. We want to bring about both horizontal and vertical development of railways by upgrading technology. Railways have to be made the engine of India’s economic growth,” he said.
Pointing out that the NDA government was laying more stress on development of the Northeast, Modi also recalled that during his recent visit to Myanmar he had also explored possibilities of better connectivity between the two countries with special emphasis on how youth from the Northeast could continued…

Hughes funeral set for Wednesday  Gabba Test postponedHughes funeral set for Wednesday  Gabba Test postponed
Ford s winter tips for your carFord s winter tips for your car
GDP growth figures spring big surprise  says SBI s Soumya K GhoshTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
GDP growth at 5.3% was a pleasant surprise to the market.
From one point of view, the joy of having a better than expected growth in agriculture may be short-lived.
However, On first count, the data does not explain ground realities. Agriculture, for example expanded by 3.2% in Q2, even as Kharif output has declined markedly. This means, that Kharif output will see an upward revision later or will be adjusted in the Q3 data.
From that point of view, the joy of having a better than expected growth in agriculture may be short-lived.
As far as Services sector is concerned, the uptick is explained by a significant upturn in Community, Social & Personal segment, a part of which may be explained by increased government expenditure in Q2 on factors like natural calamities (J&K floods, for example).
With Government expenditure contracting significantly in Q3, this segment may soon revert to a lower growth. All in all, the good thing regarding the data is perhaps the first half GDP growth that now stands at 5.5%. This means that with a little bit of luck we could log in a growth rate closer to our estimates (SBI at 5.78%).
In other related development, the abolition of restriction on gold import by RBI is a positive and it will reduce the smuggling and the loss I revenue to Government exchequer (annualized at Rs 60,000 crores). With the Government also tweaking with the labour law, all this portends to greater traction ahead.
By Dr Soumya Kanti Ghosh, Chief Economic Adviser & GM, Economic Research Department, State Bank of India.
TAGS: GDP Growth
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Bombers may target Imran Khans rally tomorrow: PakistanintelligenceBy: Press Trust of India | Lahore |
Posted: November 29, 2014 9:12 pm
Pakistani intelligence agencies have warned that suicide bombers may target cricketer-turned- politician Imran Khan during his rally in Islamabad on Sunday.
According to an intelligence report submitted to the federal government, three banned organisations – Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), Jundallah and Jamaatul Ahrar – have plans to target Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) chief Khan’s rally.
“These organisations have prepared suicide bombers who may target Imran Khan and the PTI rally in Islamabad.
The suicide bombers may also target the PTI caravan in Lahore leaving for Islamabad rally,” the report said.
The interior ministry has asked Khan to take extra security measures for himself during the rally. The ministry has also called on both the police and rangers to deal with the PTI workers in case of violence as well as for the security of the rally.
Khan said the Nawaz Sharif government would not be allowed to function after November 30 if an investigation into alleged massive rigging in the 2013 election was not launched.
“If Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif thinks he will run the government without auditing the 2013 election, he is mistaken,” he said.
Khan had launched a a two-month protest campaign in August demanding that Sharif resign.

Maoists stake claim for attack on private resort inKeralaWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: November 29, 2014 9:02 pm
CPI (Maoists) have claimed that they were behind the attack on a private resort at North Kerala’s hill district Wayanad. The resort named Agraharam, located at Thirunelli in Wayanad, was ransacked on November 18 by a four-member gang.
The resort is owned by Sebastian Joseph, a senior journalist with Kerala’s leading daily Malayala Manorama. The gang entered into the resort in the wee hours of November 18 and smashed the windows and furniture. The fled the scene after leaving pro-Maoist pamphlets and posters. The resort was closed for guests since the attack, sources at the property said.
On Saturday, media offices in Palakkad district recieved a press release believed to be from the Western Ghat Zonal Committee of the CPI (Maoist) saying that members of their guerrilla force has attacked the resort.
The release said the attack was a warning against unbridled encroachment of the real estate-tourism mafia into Wayanad district, which had been once a land of paddy fields. The real estate-tourism mafia had wrecked havoc across the social, economic and environmental areas of the district. The lopsided tourism development has privatized hillocks, leading to animals foraying into agricultural land.
The release narrates how Wayanad’s agrarian and tribal culture was lost to the predators of the Nature and Resort groups. It ended with a call for armed struggle against the ruling class to shape an alternative development scheme for the district.
Policed sources said they were looking into the attack case and could not confirm anything about the press release. In the recent months, there were several reported incidents of Maoists presence in tribal areas in the district, but police could not find any clue to confirm who have been moving around in the region. Massive combing operations by special forces lead to nothing.
Earlier this month, the CPI (Maoists) had claimed that they were behind the attack on the corporate office of Nitta Gelatin India Limited (NGIL) in Kochi. The office of the Japan-India venture was ransacked in broad daylight, after threatening the security guards. Days later, the Western Ghat Zonal Committee of The CPI (Maoist) claimed the responsibility for the attack, saying that their action was a warning against the alleged pollution of a river in Thrissur district, where the company has a manufacturing unit. So far, police could not attain any breakthrough in the probe into the attack on NGIL.

Shiv Sena should join BJP govt  says SubramaniamSwamyBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 8:45 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 10:06 pm
Senior BJP leader Subramaniam Swamy on Saturday met Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray at his residence Matoshree in Mumbai suburbs. Swamy said, “I believe Shiv Sena should join the government in Maharashtra. Both parties share the common idelogy of Hindutva. It would be good for stability of the government.”
Swamy said, “I will talk to BJP president Amit Shah, union ministers Nitin Gadkari and Arun Jaitley.” He said, “I have known Uddhav Thackeray since he was a small boy.”
However, BJP spokesperson clarified that Swamy was not deputed as party emissary for the discussions. It was his own initiative to approach Thackeray.
Apart from Thackeray those present during the meeting included senior party leader Subash Desia and Aditya (son of Uddhav).

Mulayam Singh attacks Modi  Akhilesh pays Anandiben courtesyvisitBy: Express News Service | Gandhinagar |
Posted: November 29, 2014 8:32 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 10:05 pm
Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav and his son and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday tried hard to be diplomatic about their political and social moves in Gujarat, as the father took a critical note of the Narendra Modi government and son paid a courtesy visit to chief minister Anandiben Patel the same day.
The Yadav clan, which also includes Mulayam Singh’s younger brother Shivpal who is the SP general secretary, were in Ahmedabad to attend the pre-wedding event of former chairman of Medical Council of India (MCI) chief Dr Ketan Desai, daughter Erika, in Ahmedabad Saturday.
Soon after landing at Ahmedabad airport, Mulayam Singh Yadav told journalists, “He (Modi) had said that he will fulfill promises in six months. We remained quiet for six months. But now we will speak”.
He further said, “The biggest of all promises was of giving employment to youths. But he has so far failed to do so”. In the same breath he said,  “He (Modi) does hard work and remains among the people. But he has failed to fulfill his promises”.
Over the issue of the forging family ties with Lalu Prasad Yadav, former UP Chief Minister said, “It is personal matter. Cannot be related to politics. And, earlier also we have for years worked for the same party. I used to visit as colleague to Bihar when he was CM”.
Replying to questions of plans of third front, Mulayam Singh said, “The BJP has come to power because of someone’s weakness. But SP has not gone weak. Seats may have reduced, our voting percentage has not gone down. We have maintained our strong position”.
Yadav had reportedly batted for the former MCI chairman who had been arrested and was investigated by the CBI in an alleged corruption case in 2010. In December 2013, Yadav is learnt to have written to the then union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad, to reinstate him in the MCI .
The senior Yadav also took note of the issue of the Vadodara based Gujarati actor Chandani Rajgaur, who had put herself up for sale on facebook to earn money to medically treat her parents. Yadav said, that that government should come forward to help the woman from Vadodara .
Uttar Pradesh CM Akhilesh Yadav met Patel at her office in Gandhinagar Saturday afternoon for over an hour.  The Gujarat Information Department sent out pictures of the two chief ministers calling it a “courtesy visit”. However Akhilesh refused to say anything about the meeting, saying he was in Ahmedabad “for a wedding” and would not take any questions.

Brendon McCullum  Kane Williamson put New Zealand in control of thirdTestBy: Reuters | Sharjah |
Posted: November 29, 2014 8:26 pm
Captain Brendon McCullum’s blistering double hundred and a record 297-run stand with centurion Kane Williamson put New Zealand firmly in control of the third and final Test against Pakistan in Sharjah on Saturday.
McCullum (202) fell two balls after completing his fourth double hundred in Tests, the fourth fastest ever, but the visitors continued to pile on runs and reached 637 for eight at stumps on the third day, a first-innings lead of 286.
Williamson also reached his eighth hundred in the morning and was out for 192, his highest Test score, by the first ball after tea as New Zealand, trailing 1-0 in the series, continued to score runs at a fierce pace.
Resuming on 249-1, the aggressive duo of McCullum and Williamson hit boundaries off pacemen and spinners at will on their way to breaking New Zealand’s record for the highest second-wicket Test partnership.
The 33-year-old McCullum, who hit 21 fours in his 188-ball knock, got past his double-hundred against leg-spinner Yasir Shah with his 11th six but was bowled round his legs in the same over while attempting a sweep shot.
The celebration was again muted in memory of Australian Phillip Hughes, who died on Thursday after being hit on the neck by a bouncer two days earlier, with both sets of players continuing to wear black armbands.
There was also no jubilation from Williamson after he drove Mohammad Talha for a boundary to bring up his century.
While McCullum was brutal in his strokeplay, the 24-year-old Williamson manufactured his runs with grace and timing.
He continued to drive New Zealand on after his skipper’s departure and added 116 for the third with Ross Taylor (50), who became Yasir’s second victim.
Williamson edged paceman Rahat Ali straight to Younus Khan at the lone slip position after hitting 23 fours and a six during his 244-ball knock.
Rahat (4-89) also dismissed Corey Anderson after the left-hander had scored a quick-fire 50, studded with seven boundaries and two huge sixes.
Yasir picked up his third wicket in the form of Tim Southee but not before he had further dented the morale of Pakistan’s bowlers by hammering another quick-fire 50 for New Zealand, who have already posted their third-highest score in Tests.

Fighting ones way to alertnessUpdated: November 29, 2014 21:12 IST
Fighting one’s way to alertness
Vivek Narayanan
Students learn at the Aikido Centre, Injambakkam. Photo: M. Karunakaran
TOPICS
Chennai
Akido of Chennai is planning to expand to the southern fringes of the city. Vivek Narayanan reports
Five people charge at a man in a room and he keeps evading them. And then, they all go crashing to different corners. This is not a scene from Steven Seagal’s Hollywood flick, but an Aikido class in progress in Injambakkam.
Aikido is a Japanese martial art whose main principle is to blend with the motion of the attacker and redirect the force of the attack. The practitioner evades attacks from single or multiple opponents using turning movements.
The techniques are completed with throws or joint locks.
It inculcates a sense of discipline in children as the class starts and ends with a few minutes of meditation and the practice of showing respect to teachers and other students. “This art cultivates a ‘never give up’ attitude of the Samurai,” says V. Senthil Kumar, the main instructor at the ‘Aikido of Chennai’ centre in Egmore and the centre in Injambakkam.
The art is also useful for women especially in today’s environment where harassment is common. “It teaches them how to handle multiple attackers coming in from different directions and less of physical force is needed to do this,” he explains. He says that since the movements in the art utilises a lot of energy, it is also good for weight loss. B. Priyadarshini, who recently started learning the art at the Injambakkam centre, says that she finds it very helpful.
“There are a lot of movements in the art. It develops presence of mind and I am able to apply this to my daily life too,” says a Class 12 student who is planning to pursue medical education.
K. Elankathiravan, at whose premises the centre is situated, says he has been practising the art for more than a year. “I have lost a lot of weight and gained stamina. I feel more alert now,” he says.
Senthil says in the future another branch of the Aikido of Chennai centre may be opened along the East Coast Road. “An Aikido seminar is being organised at Ethiraj Lane in Egmore on December 6 and 7. Instructors from Japan will be attending it,” he adds.
For further details, contact Senthil at 99402 44493.

Congress demands Naveen s resignation for chitfund scamNov 29, 2014 at  09:42pm IST
Congress demands Odisha Chief Minister's resignation for chitfund scam
3
2
Bhubaneswar: Demanding resignation of Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik and his inclusion in the purview of CBI probe into chitfund scam, Congress workers on Saturday launched an agitation by holding demonstrations and rallies in the state.
Congress workers staged demonstrations in district headquarter towns asking the chief minister to step down and face investigation in the multi-crore ponzi scam.
The demonstration in Bhubaneswar was led by Pradesh Congress Committee President Jaydev Jena who said CBI should interrogate the chief minister in connection with the chitfund scam in view of the arrest of several ruling BJD leaders including an MP and MLA in the scam.
Congress workers staged demonstrations in district headquarter towns asking the chief minister to step down.
#congress #chitfund scam #naveen patnaik #odisha
While the state government had earlier spent huge money in opposing a CBI probe into chitfund scam, the investigation being conducted by the central agency following Supreme Court direction had now exposed involvement of several leaders of the ruling BJD, he said.
The demonstrators went in a rally to the office of the additional district magistrate and gave a memorandum listing sevral demands including refund of money to the people who had invested in tainted chitfund companies.
"CBI should initiate probe against the chief minister, interrogate him and slap cases as per law as the central agency has sufficient information about Patnaik's possible involvement in chitfund activities," said Jena and Narasingha Mishra, who is leader of opposition in state assembly.
The PCC chief said Patnaik's close aide and ruling BJD's office secretary Saroj Sahoo was interrogated in the matter by the CBI recently, taking the probe right into Naveen Niwas, the chief minister's residence.
Moreover, despite central government's warning the chief minister had not only allowed tie-up with a chitfund firm but also attended its function, Congress leaders alleged.
Demanding concrete steps by the state government for refund of money to the poor investors, they said assets of the ponzi companies should be confiscated.
Recalling that the chief minister had removed several ministers who came under shadow of corruption in the past, Mishra and other Congress leaders said now Patnaik should apply the same principle in his own case and step down in order to pave way for a fair probe.
Similar demonstrations were held by the party workers in different district headquarter towns in support of their demands, state party spokesman L B Mohapatra said in a statement.
1

Morena: Man gets 10-year jail term for raping woman7
0
Morena: A local court has awarded 10-year jail term to a man for raping a 21-year-old woman in Morena last year. The sentence was awarded on Friday by First Additional Sessions Judge AK Verma, who also handed down seven-year prison sentence to a woman who kept the victim captive at her residence and later forced her into flesh trade, prosecution said on Saturday.
The court imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 each on the two convicts - the man, identified only as Shenshah, and the woman, Rajabeti, it said. Shenshah was caught with the victim at a house which was raided by the police on August 17, 2013 on receiving a tip-off about flesh trade racket.
The victim told the police she hails from Assam and one Vicky had brought her to Delhi with a promise to marry her. He, however, later sold her to another man, Raju. Raju then brought the victim to Morena and handed over to Rajabeti, who forced her into flesh trade.
A local court has awarded 10-year jail term to a man for raping a 21-year-old woman in Morena last year.
#jail #rape #prostitution #violence against women
After hearing the victim's ordeal, police arrested Rajabeti and booked under relevant sections of the IPC and Immoral Trafficking (Prevention) Act, the prosecution said. Acting on a statement given by the survivor, police registered a case of rape against Shenshah and secured his conviction, it added.
0

Airlines give discounts  enhance capacity for holiday seasonNov 29, 2014 at 08:26pm IST
Airlines give discounts, enhance capacity for holiday season
8
0
New Delhi: Gearing up for the upcoming winter holiday season Indian passenger carriers on Saturday announced discounts and capacity expansion.
National passenger carrier Air India announced discounts on its global networks. Calling its discounts the 'global sales' campaign the airline said it will provide discounts on its major international routes in US, Europe, Far East, Australia, China, Russia and Thailand.
The airline said that under the scheme it is giving attractive one-way and return packages starting from Rs 19,999. The sales end on December 2.
Gearing up for the upcoming winter holiday season Indian passenger carriers on Saturday announced discounts and capacity expansion.
On the expansion front budget passenger carrier IndiGo launched six new flights between Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Hyderabad.
Effective on December 1, IndiGo will fly its seventh daily non-stop flight between Delhi- Hyderabad and Mumbai-Hyderabad.
The airline said that the new flights will further consolidate its position as the fastest growing airline in India.
0

Can we pause to reflect ... what do learners really wantNov 29, 2014 at 08:26pm IST
Can we pause to reflect ... what do learners really want?
3
0
(*in writing this reflection, I must thank the thousands of learners who, in the last three decades,  gave me an opportunity to learn with them in their classrooms)
The 21st century is seen by many as an age of initiative, innovation, and interactive learning. The debate among 'adult' decision makers on what is 'ideal'  for children to study as their 'third language' is no less than the 'theatre of the absurd'. Learners hope for an academic 'freedom of choice', we offer them the 'choice of no freedom'; they aspire for a 'culture of openness', we suggest a new 'opening to cultural understanding'. They dream of a 'new world', we present an 'old world' with classically defined choices. Pray how then can we transform our 21st century classrooms in India, from spaces of 'teaching' to zones of 'learning'?
The ongoing controversy over the third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas from 6th to 8th standard is a sad reflection of choices being thrust on 'young' learners without even a moments thought on what are their aspirations and expectations. The unseemly and messy controversy has brought to the fore a range of issues which merit attention: When a choice has been offered for some time and an option has been exercised by learners, is it fair to change policy midway? Is it not an insult to the choice that was consciously exercised by learners and their parents? Do learners have a say as stake holders in the process? When the world is moving towards an educational process that places a premium on flexibility and wider options are we going in reverse gear towards rigidity and compulsion? Are student to learn a language for the love of that language or is language an instrument for securing socio-cultural orientation? Each question deserves elaborate engagement.
The ongoing controversy over the third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas from 6th to 8th standard is a sad reflection of choices being thrust on 'young' learners without even a moments thought on what are their aspirations and expectations.
#hindi #sanskrit #kendriya vidyalaya #third language
The decision of the government to offer German as an alternate third language was implemented and the choice so made was consciously exercised by some students. It is a different debate whether offering this choice violates the Constitution or/and goes against the principles of the National Curriculum Framework. While the Constitution does speak of 22 languages, it does not explicitly mandate that only one of these languages should be taught in the educational system. On the more vexed question of the three language formula, it can be contested whether the spirit of the three language formula has truly been implemented in spirit, especially in the Hindi speaking states. In its original form, this formula was seen as a way to assuage the feelings of people in those states where Hindi was not the mother tongue. A three language formula would give primacy to the mother tongue (if not Hindi) besides allowing the child to also learn Hindi and English. The challenge arose in the Hindi speaking states, which insisted on diluting this formula and focusing on just one language - Hindi. Returning to the main argument, when a choice (rightly or wrongly) was offered to learners that they could opt for German, should there not be (as the Supreme Court has stated) a process by which the rights (and interests) of those who exercised the option of German is protected. One was aghast to hear the counter argument that those who had opted for German will be required to now study Sanskrit at an elementary level. This speaks volumes of the spirit behind the change... Give up a language which you have studied for some time and take on the basics of a new language... Learning and proficiency can well take a back seat!!! There is no other sure way to snatch away the joy from learning!
The second issue that merits attention is the process that seems to be followed for taking such critical decisions? Has there be any process of consultation with stake holders in this regard? At the end of the day the most important stake holder is the learner. Have they somewhere, somehow and in some way been consulted? Has their opinion been budgeted in any of these decisions which involve their future? Is it not time that a top-down approach be replaced by a bottom-up approach? I return to the point made earlier on the joy and excitement of learning. Such decisions, snatch away the opportunity of learners taking the 'ownership for learning' and force a system of 'dictation of teaching', a fact that has plagued our system of education for years.
Thirdly, the current debate raises an important question on whether our education system is moving towards greater 'flexibility of choices' or 'rigidity of procedures'. In the modern day and age, we should be moving towards an educational framework that offers greater flexibility, fosters love for learning and promotes innovation, creativity and excellence. We should have the option and opportunity to learn from a wider 'menu' of choices. The current debate appears to push the system towards greater regimentation and an absence of meaningful choices. If teachers of a language are in place, if learners have opted for a language, should one not 'celebrate diversity' rather than seek 'conformity to a choice dictated from above'.
Finally, learning a language is intrinsically about the love for a language. The anti-Hindi agitation was not about language per se but about what a language represents. It is often said that the greatest obstacle to the spread and acceptance of Hindi has been the way that the promoters of the 'Hindi project' have sought to impose the language. As one who speaks Hindi fluently even though it is not my mother tongue, I have often been asked how do I speak Hindi so well... As if what I do is a serious crime! The point I wish to stress is that one learns a language as one is attracted to it. By mandating that a particular language must be the third language, one may actually be doing a great disservice to that language. There is no shadow of doubt that Sanskrit must enjoy a pride of place. There is also no refuting the fact that Sanskrit is intrinsically intertwined with Indian tradition. To say therefore, that children must learn Sanskrit to understand and appreciate our cultural values and ethos is stretching the argument a bit too far.  We imbibe values on the basis of our 'lived and shared experience' and not on account of some 'formal process' of teaching that is thrust upon us.
The process of education and the joys of learning are too precious an experience to be tinkered with and experimented from time to time. Let's bring back the excitement of 'learning' to the classrooms by giving the learner to exercise meaningful choices and take ownership for this very important life experience.
(Sandeep Shastri is a noted political analyst and pro vice chancellor, Jain University, Bengaluru)
3

Sir Elton John pays tribute to late Hughes and voices support for  bouncer bowler  AbbotSir Elton John pays tribute to late Hughes and voices support for  bouncer bowler  Abbot
Railways should be vehicle of Indias growth story: ModiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said at the Northeast Frontier Railway (NF Railway) Stadium in Guwahati on Saturday evening that the Indian Railways should be a vehicle of India's growth story and hoped that under the leadership of new railway minister Suresh Prabhu, the Indian Railways would make rapid progress in the days to come.
The Prime Minister, after flagging off the first passenger train from Mendipathar to Guwahati to put Meghalaya on the railway map of India and laying the foundation stone of the new broad gauge railway line from Bhairabi to Sairang in Mizoram, said that Indian Railways has the potential to play a key role in the economic development of the country.
"We have decided to open up one Railway University each in the country's eastern, western, southern and northern regions. The graduates from these special universities will contribute in faster development of the railway network across the country. They will be special railway graduates," said Modi.
The PM said that in the budget, his government had sanctioned Rs. 28,000 crore for railways development and decided for FDI in key areas of railway development in the country.
"I want both horizontal and vertical development in railways. Horizontal means better network and vertical means better facilities," said Modi.
Modi also said that more money will flow into railways in the days to come as the government has wanted to privatise some railway stations in the country. "We want railways stations to be privatised. I believe railways should have even better facilities than airports as the common man travels through trains," Modi added.
In his address, the Prime Minister stressed on rapid infrastructure development in the northeastern region of the country. "It is believed in Vastu Shastra that the northeastern part of the house must be proper. Then things will be good at home. If we take good care of the northeast, the entire country will move ahead," Modi said.
The Prime Minister said that development in the northeastern region is one of his high priorities. "We talk about 'Look East' policy... now we have decided, if this is really the era of Asia, we have to 'Look Act' which means not just look but act. And from 'Look Act', we will proceed ahead to 'Look East Act'," Modi added.
Railway minister Prabhu was also present, along with the chief ministers of Assam, Meghayala and Mizoram.

Outcome of QIP committee meeting of Suven Life SciencesOutcome of QIP committee meeting of Suven Life Sciences
Gunmen storm foreign guesthouse in KabulGunmen storm foreign guesthouse in Kabul
PSUs may buy 20% of requirements from MSMEsPSUs may buy 20% of requirements from MSMEs
You call everyone crook. are you perfect have you done an introspecti...43 Followers
Dearaniketji,
First check the credentials of the boarders,evaluate them by their past recos and then follow them.Have you seen anything worth reading in the posts of some negative boarders,we are wasting our time.
Secondly when they are not invested y are they interested in this board at all??????
Intentions are very clear.Move on.
Im disappointed coz one of our boarders who was a n excellent news reporter is redflagged.At least we used to get some genuine news from him.Poor thing.Anyways the next 30 days will change the lives of many genuine investors(don`t know whether the operators chamchas)in this board will be successful or not????

What will happen if there is no rate cut on tuesday  december 2  2014New Member
0 Follower
Axis bank will rock in the next week.... Just wait for the the RBI policy on 2nd Dec.... Rate cut will be announced and all banks including axis will sparkle. :)
In reply to : Manoj Murlidhar message
3.34 PM Nov 28th

Ya sanjay_raik ji     you are rigt that i am very intelligent     but ...Gold Member
65 Followers
ya sanjay_raik ji,,,,,you are rigt that i am very intelligent,,,,,But you are not,,,,Never be over confident in stock market,,,,,I am waitig for proper rate to add more,,,,I am also holding this stock dear,,,,,Bought it at 50 last year
In reply to : sanjay_raikar76 message
9.58 PM Nov 29th

Rupert Murdochs News Corp acquires 25 pct stake in Indias PropTiger.comBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 25, 2014 3:59 pm
Rupert Murdoch-led News Corp has acquired 25 per cent stake in real estate portal PropTiger.com for $30 million.
News Corp picked up the stake in Elara Technologies Pte Ltd, the parent firm of PropTiger.com.
As part of the investment, Raju Narisetti, News Corp Senior Vice President, Strategy, will also join Elara’s Singapore-based board, the company said in a statement.
“News Corp’s investment continues the acceleration of its global digital footprint with an emphasis on India, where the company also has a presence through its Dow Jones, Wall Street Journal and HarperCollins Publishers businesses,” it added.
Commenting on the development, News Corp Chief Executive Robert Thomson said: “India has more than 270 million Internet users and the number is growing exponentially… we are extremely enthusiastic about the potential for PropTiger.com as the country fulfils its digital destiny.”
Elaborating on the future potential of its investment in the company, News Corp said that “at least 10,000 properties, with a combined value of over USD 1 billion, have already been bought by Indian home buyers through PropTiger.com.”
It is estimated that India will be a USD 158 billion residential real estate market by 2020, the statement added.
PropTiger.com will benefit from News Corp’s digital and product expertise, the company said.
In July 2013, News Corporation completed the separation of its business into two independent companies – 21st Century Fox and News Corp.
Post the separation, Star India became a wholly-owned subsidiary of 21st Century Fox.

India s July-Sept GDP growth seen around 5 pct y/y: Govt sourcesIndia's economic growth probably slowed to around 5 percent in the three months to September. (Reuters)
By: Reuters | New Delhi |
Posted: November 25, 2014 12:28 pm
India’s economic growth probably slowed to around 5 percent in the three months to September, slipping from 5.7 percent in the previous quarter, two government sources said, putting pressure on the central bank to soften interest rates.
Official GDP data for the second quarter of the current fiscal year ending March are due to for release this Friday.
“Economic growth for the second quarter is expected to be around 5 percent, mainly due to a decline in farm and industrial output growth,” a senior government source, who declined to be named, told Reuters on Tuesday.
“At the most, I can see the second quarter growth hitting 5.2 percent,” he said.

KEF Holdings to invest Rs.1 100 cr in infra projectsUpdated: November 28, 2014 22:48 IST
KEF Holdings to invest Rs.1,100 cr in infra projects
N. Anand
investments
The industrial park is scheduled for completion by April next, and the hospital by the Q1 of 2016.
Singapore-based offsite construction technology company KEF Holdings has launched two major projects in the infrastructure and health care sectors in India.
The company will invest Rs.300 crore in its KEF Industrial Park at Krishnagiri in Tamil Nadu, and Rs.550 crore in PMPH (Premium Medical Healthcare Providers) Hospital in Calicut in Kerala. Besides, it will take up organic farming in Karnataka next year by investing Rs.250 crore. The industrial park is scheduled for completion by April next, and the hospital by the first quarter of 2016.
Talking to The Hindu, KEF Holdings Manager (Business Development) Sreekanth Sreenivasan said: “We are creating an integrated facility for off-site manufacturing for the construction sector. Spread over 42 acres, it is designed as a fully integrated one-stop ‘offsite construction’ destination with four dedicated units: pre-cast, pre-fabricated bathrooms, joinery and aluminium glazing.”
According to Mr. Sreekanth, the park will house facilities for manufacturing building components at one place and in a controlled setting. Thus, it will help reduce project-build time by as much as 50 per cent and shrink project costs by as much as 30 per cent. The pre-fabricated bathroom unit, largely driven by robotics, would have the capacity to manufacture 30,000 units a year, he said.
KEF Holdings founder Chairman Faizal E. Kottikollon said: “KEF Infra will prove to be a game-changer in the construction industry and cater to India’s education, healthcare, commercial and residential sectors through offering design, engineering, manufacturing, assembly and project management all under one banner.” ‘PMHP Hospital’ is a 500-bed facility tertiary care being built in two phases for cardiology, orthopaedics and neurosciences.

Why Serial is a breakout hitBy Alyssa Rosenberg November 28 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
As television critics know well, writing about any story that is told episode by episode is a tremendous challenge: A story you love may turn on you, or a show you were disappointed in may rise to the high standards you set for it. But that does not keep us from trying, and two weeks ago, Jay Caspian Kang decided to weigh in on “Serial,” a new podcast from WBEZ Chicago, which also produces “This American Life.” Kang suggested that podcast creator Sarah Koenig had exhibited a lack of cultural understanding in telling her story, an investigation into the 1999 murder of Baltimore high school senior Hae Min Lee, and into Lee’s ex-boyfriend, Adnan Syed, who was convicted of killing her.
A photo of Adnan Syed, the subject of the podcast “Serial,” from 1998. (Courtesy of “Serial”)
“This certainly doesn’t mean that people should only write and report about the communities they know or are born into, but if we judge lengthy narratives by their thoughtfulness, the depth of their inquiry and their care, ‘Serial’ lacks the hard-earned and moving reflections on race found in [Darcy] Frey’s book [' The Last Shot '], or, in, say, Adrian Nicole LeBlanc’s ‘Random Family,’ ” Kang writes. Instead, the listener is asked to simply trust Koenig’s translation of two distinct immigrant cultures. I can think of no better definition of white privilege in journalism than that.”
Kang’s criticisms make sense if the point of “Serial” is for Koenig, her colleagues and us to understand Syed, Lee and the milieu in which they grew up as well as the circumstances under which Lee died and Syed went to prison. But while what exactly “Serial” is does seem to change from episode to episode, binge-listening to the podcast does leave the impression that the real inquiry is into Koenig’s own mind. And that, I think, is precisely why “Serial” is both a massive hit and a piece of work that leaves some listeners uncomfortable.
If devoting a multi-episode podcast to Koenig’s opinions and feelings sounds awfully solipsistic, it is worth acknowledging that the process Koenig is going through in “Serial” is very similar to ones the rest of us conduct every day. As I wrote in my chat yesterday , an enormous volume of public discourse now consists of social positioning on the question of others’ guilt or innocence: Do we think Bill Cosby is a serial rapist? If not, why not? If so, which allegation convinced us, and how much earlier did we believe his accusers than people who only reluctantly acknowledge the allegations now?
Koenig is not trying to determine whether a very famous person is guilty or innocent. Instead, she is trying to make up her mind about Syed and Jay, the prosecution witness who described himself as an “ex-friend” of Syed’s and whose testimony proved critical to putting Syed in prison.
Maybe there is something cruel or exploitative about dissecting these private figures in public. But it is because Jay and Syed are not immediately recognizable figures that they make for such an intriguing inquiry. We do not have prior associations with them that we need to weigh in assessing their guilt or innocence. Based on the evidence Koenig has presented so far, they do not clearly stand in for larger ideas, like the possibility that celebrity can inoculate you from prosecution.
We are not pressed to reach a conclusion of our own, for fear of appearing soft on sexual assault or insufficiently committed to the idea of due process. Instead, we can simply watch Koenig mull over these possibilities.
The format of “Serial” means that we can watch Koenig encounter new information and feel herself shift in response to it. This happens to all of us, but Koenig is documenting the arc of her own thoughts. We see her grapple with the same kinds of preconceptions that come up in our own assessment of guilt or innocence. Would only a killer say this? Or are there no things that only killers do, no ways that only killers react, because killers and non-killers are not, in fact, sorted into separate categories by an impermeable boundary? Does she want Syed to be innocent because she likes him, and wants to believe that she categorically could not like a murderer? Or is it because Syed is likable that he thought he might get away with the killing?
Given how many of our conversations require us to make these sorts of decisions quickly, or are aided by these sorts of faulty but helpful assumptions, there is something useful as well as intriguing about listening to Koenig process her own shifting opinions week after week on “Serial.”
I don’t disagree that there is something unnerving about turning a murder and a potential wrongful conviction into entertainment. And I do think that a more detailed tapestry of Baltimore that addresses questions about anti-Muslim bigotry that might have affected Syed’s conviction as well as police conduct that might have influenced Jay’s relationship with the detectives investigating Lee’s murder might enrich Koenig’s inquiry. Our ideas about race, gender, sexual orientation and the justice system often have a great deal to do with shaping our conclusions about more famous people who have been accused of terrible crimes.
But I’m not sure Sarah Koenig should be ashamed because she is doing something different from Adrian Nicole LeBlanc’s reporting in “Random Family.” Instead, “Serial” ought to make us queasy because of what we see when the podcast forces us to take a hard look at ourselves.
Note: An earlier version of this post referred to Jay by his full name, which is accessible online. At the request of the producers of “Serial,” who are referring to him only by his first name, we have changed the post to do the same.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Black Friday Chaos Hits BritainBlack Friday Chaos Hits Britain
Posted:
Updated:
11/28/2014  8:59 am EST
A customer lifts an LED television above his head after removing it from a display area during a Black Friday discount sale at an Asda supermarket, operated by Wal-Mart Stores Inc., in the Wembley district of London, U.K., on Friday, Nov. 28, 2014. Black Friday has caught on in the U.K. and worldwide over the last few years as the rise of the Internet has made the event a global phenomenon, with customers always being just one click away from the deals offered by U.S. retailers online. Photograp | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
LONDON (AP) — Americans celebrating Thanksgiving in Britain may have felt right at home as Black Friday shopping chaos caused disruptions.
The practice of offering bargain basement prices the day after Thanksgiving has spread across the Atlantic, with some retailers opening overnight to lure shoppers.
Police were called early Friday morning to help maintain security at some supermarkets and shopping outlets that offered deep discounts starting at midnight.
Some of the worst problems were in the Manchester area in northwestern England where police were summoned to seven Tesco supermarkets after disturbances.
Greater Manchester Police Chief Peter Fahy said he was "disappointed" that stores did not have enough security personnel on duty for the after-hours shopping.
"This created situations where we had to deal with crushing, disorder and disputes between customers," he said.
Fights broke out at some stores and major websites stopped functioning because of too much traffic as shoppers sought online bargains.
Greater Manchester Police said two arrests were made and injuries reported as police closed some stores to prevent more severe problems. One woman was injured by a falling television set.
The force tweeted "Keep calm, people!" at one point.
There were problems in many parts of Britain, including Wales and Scotland.
More:

Our dressing room will never be the same... Rest in peace bruzzyBy: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: November 29, 2014 11:02 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 11:52 am
Captain Michael Clarke gave a graphic illustration of the raw emotions of the Australia team when he broke down repeatedly while paying tribute to former team mate Phillip Hughes on Saturday.
Making no mention of next week’s Test match against India, Clarke battled to hold back tears as he read out a statement on behalf of the players at the Sydney Cricket Ground, where Hughes suffered his fatal injury on Tuesday.
Hughes, 25, died on Thursday as the result of a catastrophic injury he sustained when struck on the head by a ball during a domestic match, triggering a wave of mourning in Australia and around the world.
“Words cannot express the loss we feel as a team right now,” Clarke said. “We are going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. He epitomised what the baggy green was about and what it means to us all.The world lost one of its great blokes this week and we are all poorer for it.”
Clarke, widely praised for the role he has played in comforting his friend and former team mate’s family, said the players had requested that Cricket Australia retire Hughes’s one-day international number, 64.
“They agreed. That means so much,” he added. “His legacy of trying to improve each and every day will drive us for the rest of our lives.
“Our dressing room will never be the same. We loved him and always will. Rest in peace bruzzy.”
Tributes continued to flood in from around the world for Hughes and indication of how deeply Hughes’s death has affected his fellow professionals came in the United Arab Emirates, where Pakistan are hosting New Zealand in a Test series.
The second Test had been postponed for a day after Hughes died and there was no celebration of wickets or centuries when it resumed on Friday.
“The game was irrelevant at that stage, that was just a natural reaction by a group of people whose mind was elsewhere,” New Zealand coach Mike Hesson told reporters in Sharjah.
“We didn’t bowl any bouncers and that was to show respect.”
HONOURING HUGHES
Back in Australia, Hughes was not forgotten as Saturday morning cricket was played across the country in blazing sunshine as it has been for more than a century.
Cricket Australia has encouraged teams at all levels to remember Hughes and both the score he had accumulated when the fatal blow struck him, 63 not out, and his Test number, 408, were in evidence on pitches around the country.
At a match between Sydney Boys and Shore schools in Centennial Park, just a stone’s throw from the SCG, a row of bats topped with cricket caps were lined up beside the pitch in tribute.
Cricket at the elite level has yet to resume with senior club matches cancelled in Sydney and continued…

Blackmoney: Probe against select realty cosblackmoney
(CBDT has ordered investigation…)
NEW DELHI: CBDT has ordered an Income Tax department investigation against a number of real estate developers who were recently shown by an investigative portal to be willing to accept alleged black money in property transactions.
The apex authority of the I-T department has asked its investigation units across the country to furnish to it reports of any action or probe conducted against the groups named by the portal in the past and in case such an action has not been done, the Central Board of Direct Taxes has ordered the same to be initiated.
"The CBDT has asked the investigation units of the I-T department that all these reports should reach it by the first fortnight of December," a senior official said.
The investigation done by portal Cobrapost.com included many developers from the national capital region and those from other parts of the country including Mumbai.
While releasing the transcripts and video recordings of its investigation at a press conference here, the portal said that executives from these companies, including some CEOs and CMDs, were ready to accept anywhere between 10-80 per cent of the property value in black money.
These 35 real estate companies under scanner are spread across the national capital, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Rajasthan, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Karnataka.
While some companies had outrightly rejected the allegations that they accept black money in their property transactions, a few others had said that they have already taken action against the concerned executives.
The portal said that most of these executives expressed willingness to accept money abroad through hawala channels, including in Dubai, Bangkok, Singapore and the US.
The findings of this investigation, named 'Operation Black Ninja', have come at a time when the government is making all efforts to bring back unaccounted money stashed by Indian citizens abroad.
FEATURED ARTICLES

For Van Persie it is a question of confidence: Van GaalBy: Reuters | London |
Posted: November 29, 2014 5:13 pm
Manchester United striker Robin van Persie is lacking confidence and struggling to make an impact in matches, according to his manager Louis van Gaal.
The Dutch international has scored three goals in 11 games this season and touched the ball only 13 times before being substituted during the 2-1 win at Arsenal last Saturday.
“It was a very bad game for him,” Van Gaal told reporters. “That is why I changed him.
“You can count his touches on the ball and 13 is few for a striker. You know how strikers are. They feel they have to score goals.”
Van Persie scored 31 goals in his first season at Old Trafford, firing United to the Premier League title in 2013.
The 31-year-old failed to make a similar impact in the following campaign as United struggled to seventh place under new manager David Moyes.
But he led the Netherlands to third place in this year’s World Cup and was widely tipped to be named Manchester United captain following the arrival of his compatriot Van Gaal as manager.
Van Gaal, however, opted to give Wayne Rooney the armband and the imminent return to fitness of Colombian forward Radamel Falcao will add to the pressure on Van Persie.
He was replaced by 18-year-old James Wilson in the Arsenal match and Van Gaal could be tempted to start the young striker against Hull City on Saturday.
“You shall wait and see,” the Dutchman said. “For Robin it is a question of confidence, or maybe scoring a wonderful goal at the right moment.”

Ton-up Aparajith powers South into Deodhar semisBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 4:59 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 5:08 pm
Riding on Baba Aparajith’s splendid century, South Zone crushed a hapless Central Zone by 116 runs with 13.3 overs to spare in the Deodhar Trophy quarter final at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Saturday.
Aparajith, who batted at no.3, compiled a stroke-filled 105-ball 113 runs, laced with 2 sixes and eight fours, to power South to an imposing 296 for nine.
The Tamil Nadu batsman was well supported by Karun Nair, who made an attacking 74 off 62 balls inclusive of nine hits to the fence as the two revived a stuttering innings with a partnership of 124 in 109 balls for the fourth wicket.
In reply, Central started disastrously to be 3 down for 4 and then proceeded to be eventually shot out for 180 in 36.3 overs. Three batsmen were run-out, including the opener and the second-highest scorer Mukul Dagar (47 in 64 balls).
Number-seven batsman Arijit Gupta smashed 5 fixes and as many fours in his 49-ball 66 to keep Central’s slender hopes alive till the power play.
South and Karnataka skipper R Vinay Kumar picked up 3 for 8 in 6 overs while little known left-arm spinner Darshan Misal of Goa gave him useful support by grabbing 2 wickets.
South, who thus avenged the defeat suffered at the hands of Central in the Duleep Trophy final held earlier this month in Delhi, will meet holders and host West Zone in the semi final here on December 1.
Put into bat, South began well on a track that had initial ‘life’, offering bounce and seam movement, but then lost three of their top batsmen to poor shots. Aparajith and Nair soon rallied the team with a fine fourth-wicket century stand.
Openers Uthappa and Mayank Agarwal, who made an attractive 35, put on 32 runs in testing conditions before both chased wide deliveries and threw away their wickets.
Aparajith, who registered his second ton in the tournament following his innings of 121 against East Zone last season, came to the crease at the fall of opener Uthappa at 32 in the last ball of the 9th over and batted almost right till the end.
The 20-year-old’s shot selection was precise and he hit 8 fours and two sixes – one each of Ishwar Pandey and Chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav.
Karnataka youngster Nair, who joined Aparajith when the he was on 32, soon became the dominant partner in their innings-reviving stand.
Off-spinner Jalaj Saxena though commanded some respect from both Nair, who reached his 50 in just 41 balls, and Aparajith, but it needed the well-built Pankaj Singh to return for a second spell and end the partnership during the second power play which yielded 39 runs and the wicket of Nair.
Nair, who struck 9 fours in his 62-ball innings, was caught at deep mid-wicket, mistiming a pull off Pankaj who then got rid off rival skipper Vinay Kumar, Sachin Baby and Ashish Reddy to return with impressive figures of 5 for 45.
Aparajith, after batting so well, lost his patience as he tried to swing continued…

Climb up the business ladder with a drive: NorgayAjay Modi      Follow @ajaymodibt    Last Updated: December 1, 2014  | 11:57 IST
Everest climber Jamling Tenzing Norgay
Climbing mountains, just like doing business, requires vision and dedication, Everest climber Jamling Tenzing Norgay told a packed house of top industry executives at the second edition of Business Today MindRush conclave in New Delhi on Saturday.
Jamling said he relied on his support team, primarily the Sherpas to get on the top of the mountain. "When you have a better team there are better chances of success. Sherpas are the unsung heroes of most mountaineering expeditions. I am working on getting them the recognition they deserve."
FULL COVERAGE: MindRush 2014
He exhorted the executives to set new challenges and not be afraid of hurdles. "An inner burning desire and passion is all that you need. The higher you get the slower you get. Take a break, rest and get oxygen."
Citing the example of his father Tenzing Norgay, who was the first to get on the top of Everest with New Zealander Edmund Hillary in 1953, he said that no matter what background one comes from the goals can be achieved if there is passion and drive. The late elder Norgay and Hillary came from different backgrounds, did not know each other's language and could not communicate and yet they together reached the top of Everest, Norgay added.
 

Maoists stake claim for attack on private resort in KeralaWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: November 29, 2014 9:02 pm
CPI (Maoists) have claimed that they were behind the attack on a private resort at North Kerala’s hill district Wayanad. The resort named Agraharam, located at Thirunelli in Wayanad, was ransacked on November 18 by a four-member gang.
The resort is owned by Sebastian Joseph, a senior journalist with Kerala’s leading daily Malayala Manorama. The gang entered into the resort in the wee hours of November 18 and smashed the windows and furniture. The fled the scene after leaving pro-Maoist pamphlets and posters. The resort was closed for guests since the attack, sources at the property said.
On Saturday, media offices in Palakkad district recieved a press release believed to be from the Western Ghat Zonal Committee of the CPI (Maoist) saying that members of their guerrilla force has attacked the resort.
The release said the attack was a warning against unbridled encroachment of the real estate-tourism mafia into Wayanad district, which had been once a land of paddy fields. The real estate-tourism mafia had wrecked havoc across the social, economic and environmental areas of the district. The lopsided tourism development has privatized hillocks, leading to animals foraying into agricultural land.
The release narrates how Wayanad’s agrarian and tribal culture was lost to the predators of the Nature and Resort groups. It ended with a call for armed struggle against the ruling class to shape an alternative development scheme for the district.
Policed sources said they were looking into the attack case and could not confirm anything about the press release. In the recent months, there were several reported incidents of Maoists presence in tribal areas in the district, but police could not find any clue to confirm who have been moving around in the region. Massive combing operations by special forces lead to nothing.
Earlier this month, the CPI (Maoists) had claimed that they were behind the attack on the corporate office of Nitta Gelatin India Limited (NGIL) in Kochi. The office of the Japan-India venture was ransacked in broad daylight, after threatening the security guards. Days later, the Western Ghat Zonal Committee of The CPI (Maoist) claimed the responsibility for the attack, saying that their action was a warning against the alleged pollution of a river in Thrissur district, where the company has a manufacturing unit. So far, police could not attain any breakthrough in the probe into the attack on NGIL.

Shiv Sena should join BJP govt in Maharashtra  says Subramaniam SwamyBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 8:45 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 10:06 pm
Senior BJP leader Subramaniam Swamy on Saturday met Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray at his residence Matoshree in Mumbai suburbs. Swamy said, “I believe Shiv Sena should join the government in Maharashtra. Both parties share the common idelogy of Hindutva. It would be good for stability of the government.”
Swamy said, “I will talk to BJP president Amit Shah, union ministers Nitin Gadkari and Arun Jaitley.” He said, “I have known Uddhav Thackeray since he was a small boy.”
However, BJP spokesperson clarified that Swamy was not deputed as party emissary for the discussions. It was his own initiative to approach Thackeray.
Apart from Thackeray those present during the meeting included senior party leader Subash Desia and Aditya (son of Uddhav).

Mulayam attacks Modi  Akhilesh pays Anandiben courtesy visitBy: Express News Service | Gandhinagar |
Posted: November 29, 2014 8:32 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 10:05 pm
Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav and his son and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday tried hard to be diplomatic about their political and social moves in Gujarat, as the father took a critical note of the Narendra Modi government and son paid a courtesy visit to chief minister Anandiben Patel the same day.
The Yadav clan, which also includes Mulayam Singh’s younger brother Shivpal who is the SP general secretary, were in Ahmedabad to attend the pre-wedding event of former chairman of Medical Council of India (MCI) chief Dr Ketan Desai, daughter Erika, in Ahmedabad Saturday.
Soon after landing at Ahmedabad airport, Mulayam Singh Yadav told journalists, “He (Modi) had said that he will fulfill promises in six months. We remained quiet for six months. But now we will speak”.
He further said, “The biggest of all promises was of giving employment to youths. But he has so far failed to do so”. In the same breath he said,  “He (Modi) does hard work and remains among the people. But he has failed to fulfill his promises”.
Over the issue of the forging family ties with Lalu Prasad Yadav, former UP Chief Minister said, “It is personal matter. Cannot be related to politics. And, earlier also we have for years worked for the same party. I used to visit as colleague to Bihar when he was CM”.
Replying to questions of plans of third front, Mulayam Singh said, “The BJP has come to power because of someone’s weakness. But SP has not gone weak. Seats may have reduced, our voting percentage has not gone down. We have maintained our strong position”.
Yadav had reportedly batted for the former MCI chairman who had been arrested and was investigated by the CBI in an alleged corruption case in 2010. In December 2013, Yadav is learnt to have written to the then union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad, to reinstate him in the MCI .
The senior Yadav also took note of the issue of the Vadodara based Gujarati actor Chandani Rajgaur, who had put herself up for sale on facebook to earn money to medically treat her parents. Yadav said, that that government should come forward to help the woman from Vadodara .
Uttar Pradesh CM Akhilesh Yadav met Patel at her office in Gandhinagar Saturday afternoon for over an hour.  The Gujarat Information Department sent out pictures of the two chief ministers calling it a “courtesy visit”. However Akhilesh refused to say anything about the meeting, saying he was in Ahmedabad “for a wedding” and would not take any questions.

Keeping an eye on the preemies eyeUpdated: November 26, 2014 22:49 IST
SPEAKING OF SCIENCE
Keeping an eye on the preemie’s eye
D. BALASUBRAMANIAN
Normal retinal blood vessels’ growth is incomplete in a premature baby. Photo: K. Gopinathan
TOPICS
infants
While in the womb, the foetus is nourished by the mother’s blood which also helps in developing every tissue, organ and limb
Every new born baby is a source of joy, but also one that needs tender loving care. Every day in India, over 10,000 babies are born. While most of them are born full-term, which is after 38-40 weeks of pregnancy, one in ten of them is born premature. These pre-term babies, born before 37 weeks, are termed premature, or fondly called Preemies. Those born before 35-37 are mildly premature, before 32 weeks termed moderately premature and those born before 28 weeks are extremely premature. Each of these needs special care at least for a month (or more) after birth in order to bring them to normal health.
While growing in the mother’s womb, the baby-to-be is nourished by the mother’s blood which also helps in developing every tissue, organ and limb. This requires the full term. In preemies, this development is halted upon birth, and thus the baby needs external help to come to completion. This external development is helped by placing the preemie in hospital incubators. Such an incubator keeps the baby warm, removes excess bile pigments which colour the skin of the baby somewhat yellowish by shining cool blue fluorescent lamps, and where necessary provides oxygen, including through continuous positive airway pressure.
A particularly important organ that needs attention is the eye of all these preemies. In the baby-to-be in the womb, the eye starts to develop at 16 weeks of pregnancy. Blood vessels of the retina (or the screen in the back of the eye, where the external image is collected and the information relayed to the brain through the optic nerve) start forming. They supply oxygen and nutrients to the eye. During the next 12 weeks, the eye develops rapidly until the baby reaches full term. It is mostly complete at 4-6 weeks past birth.
In a preemie, this normal vessels growth is incomplete; the edges of the retina are starved of nutrients and oxygen. As a result, abnormal and twisted blood vessels starts forming, generating a fragile retinal screen which becomes scarred, leading to the pulling of the retina out of the position, creating what is termed as retinal detachment within a few weeks of birth. This disorder of the eye in a newborn preemie is termed Retinopathy of Prematurity or ROP, a major threat to vision in the baby. Given the thousands of preemies born daily in India, ROP has grown to epidemic proportions. My colleague Dr Subhadra Jalali estimates that the prevalence of ROP in India could be about 20-40 per ncent already and that by the year 2020, as many as 50,000 school-entry children will be impacted in India.
Happily enough, ROP can be treated or managed if discovered early enough, between 20-30 days after birth. These 30 days are called Tees Din Roshni Ke (or thirty days to brightness). Highly efficacious, scientifically proven and accessible technology has become available to manage ROP during the last 20 years. Various multiple-centre prospective studies have conclusively proven that timely detection and treatment can markedly reduce blindness due to ROP. It is estimated that more that 60 per cent of visual impairment in babies is preventable or curable with timely detection and prompt and appropriate management.
Happily enough again, such an effort has been going on for the past 15 years in India through partnership between eye doctors with ROP expertise on one hand and neonatologists in paediatric clinics on the other. For example, with support from various NGOs, individuals and also the state government of Andhra Pradesh (including Telangana), through the National Rural Health Mission, under what is referred to as ITCROPS (Indian Twin Cities Retinopathy of Prematurity Screening), it has been possible to offer management including surgical care to well over 10,000 preemies.
This has now become part of a national level programme, supported by the Union Health Ministry. ROP experts across the country are working hand-in-hand with neonatologists. Given that 50,000 school-entry children will be impacted in India with ROP, such a national level initiative is a welcome move. At a professional ROP meeting held two weeks ago, world experts in ROP such as Dr Lingam Gopal of Singapore (who pioneered ROP in India, while at Sankara Nethralaya, Chennai) and Dr Michael Trese of Michigan (an acknowledged leader in the field) appreciated this remarkable move in India, and have offered their full support to this programme.
Most hospitals, government or private, have now routinely equipped their paediatric and neonatal wards with incubators and associated devices. But many of them are yet to train their neonatologists on the need for screening for ROP. “The incubator companies just install the machines in paediatric clinics and go away. If only they take time out to transfer the knowledge and the science that comes along with such equipment transfers, teach these care-givers the procedures and the do’s and don’ts, the detection and management of ROP cases can be vastly increased and improved. If only…” laments Dr. Subhadra Jalali, the Preemie-Premi. I hope they are reading this and will oblige.
dbala@lvpei.org

IS recruit arrested  NIA takes over probeMUMBAI/NEW DELHI, November 28, 2014
Updated: November 29, 2014 16:44 IST
Exclusive
‘IS recruit’ arrested, NIA takes over probe
Rashmi Rajput
Tweet
The Islamic State ‘recruits’ from Kalyan district of Maharashtra (clockwise from left) Fahad Tanveer Shaikh, Aarif Fayaaz Majeed, Shaheem Farooque Tanki and Aman Nayeem Tandel flew to Baghdad on May 23, 2014 as part of a group of pilgrims to visit religious shrines in Iraq. Majeed was arrested on Friday on his return to Mumbai. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOPICS
terrorism (crime)
“I went to Iraq to serve a larger cause,” Aarif Majeed, who returned to India on Friday after leaving, along with three other young men, in May purportedly to join Islamic State, reportedly told interrogators, The Hindu has learnt.
Aarif has been arrested and will be produced in a local court on Saturday. With the Union Home Ministry issuing a notification, the National Investigation Agency filed a case against Aarif under Section 125 of the Indian Penal Code (waging war against the state) and certain sections of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act. The Hindu, on November 26, reported the Home Ministry’s efforts to get him back.

Sugar industry for extending export subsidyUpdated: November 28, 2014 22:46 IST
Sugar industry for extending export subsidy
Ramnath Subbu
exports
The sugar industry, which has been grappling with lower prices and surplus stock, is keen on the continuation of the export subsidy on raw sugar exports, which would help it reduce some of its stocks.
The sugar output for the 2014-15 season was estimated at 25-25.5 million tonnes, while domestic consumption was at 24.7 million tonnes, according to government figures. Besides, the opening stock on October 1 was at 7.45 million tonnes. Industry watchers feel there are no positive cues for sugar, and encouraging more exports is the only alternative.
“There are no issues on the supply side because of the surplus,’’ Pallavi Munankar, sector analyst at Geofin Comtrade, a commodity trading outfit, said. “Sugar prices are under pressure, and mills are continuously selling as there is a huge stock.’’
Besides, the world’s largest sugar producer Brazil witnessed drought conditions in the April-September season. “For the first time in five years, the global sugar market may slip into a deficit albeit not a large one and this could continue into 2015-16 owing to lower production and increased consumption,’’ Ms. Munankar said.
To take advantage of the global scenario, the industry expects the government to extend the sugar subsidy scheme, which was introduced in February by the previous government. The scheme was to be reviewed every two months, and under it, raw sugar exports of up to 40 lakh tonnes would receive a subsidy of Rs.3,300 a tonne. This was revised to Rs.3,371 a tonne for the August-September, 2014, period.
A source from the Uttar Pradesh Sugar Mills Association (UPSMA) said the industry situation was grim. “The major concern is sugar prices and survival for mills is difficult. Millers have started crushing cane”, but the government has to continue encouraging exports due to huge inventory.’’
India exported 7 lakh tonnes of raw sugar in the 2013-14 marketing year ending October, 2014. The other option for the government is increasing ethanol blending in petrol. While the quantum of ethanol blending in petrol was doubled to 10 per cent, an industry expert said the problem was the volume of ethanol by petroleum companies for blending was only around 3 per cent.

Brisbane Test to be postponedMore
Brisbane Test will be delayed
Cricket Australia has announced that the first Test match between Australia and India will not start on December 4 as scheduled. Phil Hughes funeral will be held on December 3.
By Daniel Brettig | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 29 Nov, 2014 7:30 AM IST
0
Australian cricket is quite understandably in emotional turmoil.
Phillip Hughes will be farewelled in his hometown of Macksville in northern New South Wales on Wednesday, December 3, and the first Test between Australia and India postponed in order to give his former team-mates time to grieve and reflect upon his life.
Cricket Australia announced on Saturday evening that Hughes' funeral will take place at 2pm on Wednesday in the sports hall of Macksville High School, with overflow areas to be set-up for guests to watch the service on the school's two ovals.
The funeral will be broadcast live on television and radio, and additional flights between Sydney and Coffs Harbour - around 45 minutes' drive away from Macksville, have been set up. Adelaide Oval and the SCG will both broadcast the service on their scoreboard screens. CA's chief executive James Sutherland said the responses to Hughes' death at the SCG on Tuesday had been overwhelming.
"We are grateful to the Australian community for the overwhelming show of support it has extended to the Hughes family in recent days," he said. "The offers of assistance for Wednesday's service have been remarkable.
"While we know that people from all around the nation want to pay their respects to Phillip, there will only be limited capacity in Macksville, so the work of our broadcasters will help ensure people around the country can follow the service on TV, radio and online."
As a result of the funeral's scheduling for Wednesday, the first Test has been postponed from its start time of Thursday, December 4, and a date for its commencement is yet to be finalised.
"These are extraordinary circumstances and we simply couldn't or wouldn't expect our players to be emotionally ready to start a Test match the day after farewelling one of their teammates," Sutherland said. "Their welfare is our absolute priority. They are grieving and to expect that they could play a high-pressured, five-day Test match the following day is out of the question.
"We appreciate the incredible understanding and support of the Board of Control for Cricket in India. It has been nothing short of outstanding during these difficult times. We fully acknowledge the many groups who want to know when the Test will take place, particularly cricket fans in Queensland, Queensland Cricket and Stadiums Queensland.
"We just ask the cricket community for some patience as we work through a range of scenarios in full consultation with the players, the Indian Board, the ICC and our broadcasters. We hope to resolve all matters in the next few days and will let cricket fans and the game's many important stakeholders know as a priority.
"We know that there are many people who have purchased tickets to the Test match who will be wondering what happens next? Once the situation has been resolved, we will advise them as a priority. Fans should simply hold onto their tickets until further notice."
Austrlaia's players met at the SCG on Friday and were unanimous in their view that Hughes needed to be farewelled and time left for grieving before the cricket could go on. The Australian Cricketers Association Alistair Nicholson echoed this view.
"After consulting with the players, we have communicated to Cricket Australia that the opportunity to farewell their team mate is the priority, and the prospect of them playing the following day is simply too big an ask," he said. "The players are going through a grieving process and they must be afforded the opportunity to do so.
"As anyone can appreciate, this process doesn't run according to a clock or a calendar. This is a unique situation and a unique response is required. We will continue to discuss options with the players and Cricket Australia over the coming days."
The majority of Australia's Test players returned to home ports and their families on Friday and Saturday, and will not be arriving in Brisbane on Sunday as previously scheduled. Arrangements for the Sheffield Shield round due to start on December 5 are yet to be finalised.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Macau Open: Sindhu sails  Prannoy sinksA file photo of P.V. Sindhu. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
badminton
Defending champion P.V. Sindhu notched up a comfortable straight-game win in women’s singles to enter the final but young shuttler H.S. Prannoy lost despite a valiant fight in the men’s singles semifinal of the Macau Grand Prix Gold in Macau on Saturday.
The two-time World Championship bronze-medallist, Sindhu, held an all-win 4-0 record against Busanan Ongbumrungpan of Thailand before coming into the match and the Indian kept her record intact by registering her fifth win on Saturday.
The second-seeded Indian prevailed over Busanan, seeded eighth, 21-14 21-15 in a 42-minute match at the Tap Seac Multisport Pavilion.
Prannoy, on the other hand, waged a fierce battle but still failed to breach the defence of Wing Ki Wong of Hong Kong, who prevailed 21-16 16-21 21-12 in the match that lasted an hour.
In the women’s singles match, Busanan moved into an early 5-2 lead but she couldn’t keep the pressure on Sindhu and the Indian turned the tables, reaching 13-9 and didn’t allow the Thai girl to claw back to pocket the first game.
In the second game, Sindhu zoomed to 5-1 initially.
Busanan drew parity at 8-8 and 12-12 but once again she was not consistent enough to bother Sindhu.
The duo played aggressive rallies and Busan played some extraordinary shots but it was mostly followed by a miscued hits which allowed Sindhu to keep her lead.
Leading 19-15, Sindhu changed the pace of the rallies as Busanan hit the shuttle out and then found the net to hand over the match and the final place to the Indian.
In the men’s singles semifinals, Wong, who had beaten world champion Chen Long at China Open early this month, rode on his better court coverage and strong defence to tame the Indian, not to mention the poor line calls.
In the first game, Prannoy showed agility to lead early on but Wong came back to draw parity at 5-5. The Indian then made some errors allowing Wong to go into the breather 11-7 ahead.
Prannoy tried to return everything that was thrown at him and his follow-ups earned him points and he led 13-11 at one point. But the Indian once again struggled with his judgement of shuttle’s length as Wong led 17-14.
Two successive shots at the net by Prannoy and the score read 19-14 in Wong’s favour. Wong played patiently, forcing the Indian to commit errors and the ploy worked as Prannoy hit wide twice to hand over the first game to Wong.
In the second game, Prannoy brought out his accurate down the line smashes and angled strokes to lead 11-7 at the interval.
After the break, the Indian continued playing his game to lead 18-10. Struggling to gauge Prannoy’s strokes, Wong managed to secure four more points. A bodyline smash helped Prannoy move to 19-14, before Wong roared back into contest with brilliant net-play.
In the decider, Prannoy struggled with his strokes which got buried in the nets a lot of times. His returns also went long and wide which allowed Wong to grab a massive 11-4 lead at the breather.
However, back on his winning side of the court, Prannoy produced two powerful smashes to reduce the gap.
At 7-11, Prannoy lost a point due to a wrong line call.
But to the Indian’s credit, he kept his cool and counter-attacked to make it 13-12.
Always a difficult customer, Wong soon came back on his own and rode on a strong defence and some luck to shut the door on the Indian.
Indian results (semifinals): Singles: Men: Wong Wing Ki Vincent (HKg) bt H.S. Prannoy 21-16, 16-21, 21-12.
Women: P.V. Sindhu bt Busanan Ongbumrungpan (Tha) 21-14, 21-15.

Qatar Masters: Abhijeet Gupta jumps to joint fifth placechess
Grandmaster and former world junior champion Abhijeet Gupta outclassed Fabien Libiszewski of France to jump to joint fifth position after the end of the third round of the Qatar Masters International Chess tournament in Doha on Saturday.
After a tame draw with Xu Jun of China in the previous round, Gupta came firing on all cylinders in the third round and Libiszewski did not have a chance once he ventured in to unknown territories. The victory helped Gupta reach 2.5 points out of a possible three.
It’s a four-way tie at the top of the tables and leading the pack is top seed Grandmaster Anish Giri of Holland who defeated Ivan Ivanisevic of Serbia to maintain his all-win record. Joining Giri in lead was Evgeny Tomashevsky of Russia, Nils Grandelius of Sweden and Mikhailo Oleksienko of Ukraine.
On what turned out to be a very tough day for the Indian contestants in the fray, highest-rated Indian Grandmaster P Harikrishna suffered a shock-defeat at the hands of Mikhailo Oleksienko. It was a bad day for Harikrishna in general as he got outplayed from a level position.
After doing pretty well for the first two days, Indian Grandmasters Neelotpal Das, Ankit Rajpara, Sandipan Chanda, Surya Shekhar Ganguly and M Shyam Sundar all lost against respective opposition to remain on 1.5 points out of a possible three.
In fact, apart from Gupta only Aravindh Chithambaram and B Adhiban were the only Indians who ended on the winning side in the third round. Chithambaram defeated Zeinab Mamedyarova of Azerbaijan while Adhiban opened his account at the expense of Markus Lammers from Germany.
Such is the strength of the world’s strongest open tournament that India’s latest Grandmaster Murali Karthikeyan and International Master Sayantan Das are still sitting on zero points, after losing their third game in a row.
Gupta was the saving grace for the Indians. Getting a chance to change things on move two, Gupta grabbed it and converted to a king pawn opening to face a Pirc defense from Libiszewski.
The French Grandmaster sacrificed a pawn in the middle game hoping to create counter play on the king side but an alert Gupta gave nothing away and opened up the position to cause serious damage to black king side. The game lasted 37 moves.
In other important games of the day, former World champion Vladimir Kramnik finally won his first game in the tournament at the expense of Indian GM Debashish Das. This one too was close to equal for the major part of the game but Das could not sustain the momentum beyond a certain point. Kramnik won in 81 moves.
Important results: Round 3 (Indians unless specified): Anish Giri (Ned, 3) beat Ivan Ivanisevic (Srb, 2); Daniil Dubov (Rus, 2.5) drew with Maxime Vachier-Lagrave (Fra, 2.5); Mikhailo Oleksienko (Ukr, 3) beat P. Harikrishna (2); Erwin L’ami (Ned, 2) lost to Evgeny Tomashevsky (Rus, 3); Robin Van Kampen (Ned, 2.5) drew with Yuriy Kryvoruchko (Ukr, 2.5); Yu Yangyi (Chn, 2.5) drew with A R Salem Saleh (UAE, 2.5); Nils Grandelius (Swe, 3) beat Alexander Moiseenko (Ukr, 2); Sandipan Chanda (1.5) lost to Pavel Eljanov (Ukr, 2.5); Bu Xiangzhi (Chn, 2.5) beat Surya Shekhar Ganguly (1.5); Sergei Movsesian (Ukr, 2.5) beat G N Gopal (1.5); Abhijeet Gupta (2.5) beat Fabien Libiszewski (Fra, 1.5); Ivan Salgado Lopez (Esp, 2.5) beat Ankit R. Rajpara (1.5); Daniel Naroditsky (USA, 2.5) beat Neelotpal Das (1.5); Debashis Das (1) lost to Vladimir Kramnik (2); M Shyam Sundar (1.5) lost to Ferenc Berkes (2); M S Thejkumar (1) lost to Andrey Vovk (Ukr, 2); Hichem Hamdouchi (Mar, 1.5) drew with Rishi Sardana (1.5); Bartosz Socko (Pol, 2) beat Shardul Gagare (1.5); Wen Yang (Chn, 1.5) drew with S Vijayalakshmi (1.5); D Harika (1.5) beat Gu Xiaobing (Chn, 0.5); Mary Ann Gomes (1) drew with Akshat Chandra (Usa, 1); Zeinab Mamedjarova (Aze, 0.5) lost to Aravindh Chithambaram (1.5); Huang Qian (Chn, 1) drew with Sameer Kathmale (1); S Kidambi (1) drew with P Konguvel (1); Markus Lammers (Ger, 0) lost to B Adhiban (1); Murali Karthikeyan (0) lost to Ticia Gara (Hun, 1); Atousa Pourkashiyan (Iri, 1) beat Sayantan Das (0).

Egypt court acquits Mubarak of murder chargeYou are here: Home > Collections > Verdict
Egypt court drops murder charge against former ruler Hosni Mubarak
AFP Nov 29, 2014, 06.00PM IST
Tags:
Egypt
(The 86-year-old, dressed…)
CAIRO: An Egyptian court dismissed Saturday a murder charge against Hosni Mubarak over the deaths of protesters during the 2011 uprising against him, sparking celebrations among supporters but fury from the former president's opponents.
Mubarak, who ruled for three decades until he was driven from office, was also acquitted of a corruption charge but will remain in jail on a three-year sentence in a separate graft case.
Seven of his security commanders, including feared former interior minister Habib al-Adly, were acquitted over the deaths of some of the roughly 800 people killed during the revolt.
Cheers broke out in the courtroom and Mubarak's sons Alaa and Gamal kissed his forehead when the judge read out the verdict in the retrial as the ex-president, 86, lay in an upright stretcher inside the caged dock.
Corruption charges against the sons were also dropped. The usually stone-faced Mubarak, wearing his trademark sun glasses, allowed himself a faint smile after the verdict was read.
But relatives of those killed expressed dismay. Dozens of protesters later gathered at an entrance to Cairo's Tahrir Square -- the hub of the revolt -- chanting "the people demand the toppling of the regime."
An appeals court had overturned an initial life sentence for Mubarak in 2012 on a technicality. Saturday's verdict may also be appealed.
Mubarak, who was transported back to a Cairo military hospital where he is being held, appeared in a wheelchair from a balcony door to wave at several dozen cheering supporters.
"I did nothing wrong at all," he told a private Egyptian broadcaster over the telephone.
He also praised his time in office, which was marred by police abuses and corruption, especially the decade before his overthrow.
Apparently referring to economic growth, he said: "The last 10 years showed more results than the 20 years before... and then they turned against us."
His lawyer Farid al-Deeb told AFP the verdict was "a good ruling that proved the integrity of Mubarak's era."
Many Egyptians increasingly look with nostalgia to the stability of the Mubarak era in light of the turmoil that followed.
Mohamed Morsi, the Islamist who eventually succeeded him, was toppled by the army in 2013 following massive protests.
Mubarak's supporters leapt from their benches in celebration when the judge pronounced the verdict, chanting: "Say the truth, don't be scared -- Mubarak is innocent."
In a summary of its reasoning, the court cited witnesses -- all former security commanders -- saying the police did not use live ammunition against protesters during the deadliest day of the 2011 revolt.
Outside the court venue, a police academy on Cairo's outskirts, relatives of those killed were appalled at the verdict.
"It's an oppressive ruling. The blood of my son has been wasted," said Mostafa Morsi, whose son was killed outside a police station.
In the streets of Cairo, opinion was divided. "Justice for the martyrs has been lost," said one woman in her 50s. Others disagreed. "There is no evidence against Mubarak. He was an honest president," said Mostafa Saed, a retired government worker.
Protesters during the revolt vented years of pent-up fury over police abuses and corruption by attacking and torching police stations across the country, leaving the interior ministry on the brink of collapse.
Chief judge Mahmud Kamel al-Rashidi, 63, suggested his ruling was made with a clear conscience.
  "God will ask me 'what did you do in this world, and specifically what did you do as a judge,'" he told the court before pronouncing his verdict.
He said he dropped the murder charge because the prosecution should not have added Mubarak to the case initially made against his security chiefs.
A leading rights lawyer, Gamal Eid, said the prosecution had initially moved to place his security commanders on trial and included Mubarak in the case under public pressure.
"The court can distance defendants from a case who had not initially been among the accused," he told AFP.
During the uprising, hundreds of thousands of protesters rallied daily demanding Mubarak step down. After he resigned, they continued to hold protests demanding he be tried.
Once-banished Mubarak-era officials have since made a comeback, using a backlash against former opposition figures blamed for the subsequent tumult.
Prime Minister Ibrahim Mahlab was a senior official in Mubarak's now-dissolved party. Mubarak's former military intelligence chief Abdel Fattah al-Sisi is now president, having been elected after deposing Morsi.
Police are waging a deadly crackdown on pro-Morsi Islamist protesters and militants, and Morsi is standing trial on several charges including taking part in jail breaks and violence during the anti-Mubarak revolt.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt to implement many FSLRC recommendations: Arun JaitleyTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Accusing Congress of following an obstructionist approach, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government was committed to going ahead with reforms measures to take India back to original potential of 8 per cent economic growth.
Outlining the government’s priorities like introduction of GST (Goods and Services Tax) in the ongoing Winter Session of Parliament, changes in the land acquisition law, auction of non-coal minerals and elimination of non-deserving sections from subsidy net, he said the key economic portfolios were being handled by people who have no baggage of the past.
“Now all these changes have certainly changed the environment, changed the mood. India is back on the radar. I am quite conscious of the fact some people will try and obstruct though the national mood is to the contrary. The obstructions won’t be able to sustain for too long”, he said addressing the ET Awards function here.
“And once we are able to pursue that agenda, and I think with changing systems and all other institutions also realising that the sectors in which India needs to be helped can be helped by these measures. I am sure the effect on the ground and the change in figures will also be evident”, he said.
Seeking a shared vision among all stake holders like government, opposition, judiciary and legislature, Jaitley criticised the Congress approach saying “it seems to be that the party is saying now that I am out, let me obstruct. Since I am not in government, it is not my responsibility. So I will obstruct.”
He also charged the Congress party with having an obsolete mindset that led to enactment of a measure like the ‘draconian’ land acquisition law under which it was not possible to build a private school, hospital or hotel.
The Finance Minister said Modi has put young people in charge of key economic ministries because they do not carry the baggage of the past and will have a fresh thinking and the ability to learn fast.
He said the government is working on the e-auction route for allocation of non-coal minerals like iron ore to remove discretionary allotments.
“Nobody today claims that I went to a minister and had to make non-commercial commitments for approvals. Gone are the days of a person being sent to party office with a slip,” he said apparently referring to approvals being given after donations to parties.
Reiterating his opposition to subsidising affluent classes, he said people pay taxes not for subsidising the rich. “We have to look at how to eliminate (undeserving) people from the subsidy net. An unquantified amount cannot be given to a unquantifiable sections.”
Referring to the government’s decision not to levy taxes retrospectively, Jaitley said, taxes which must be paid must be realised but what cannot be realised cannot be taken forcefully.
Such an approach, he said, did not bring even one rupee more to the kitty but got a bad name for the country.
Govt to soon implement many FSLRC recommendations: Arun Jaitley
The government will soon implement a large number of legislative and administrative recommendations of the Financial Sector Reforms Commission (FSLRC), which had suggested a major overhauling of financial sector regulations.
“As the change in process of reform continues … I have not the least doubt that a large number of these (FSLRC) recommendations will actually see implementation in the days to come,” Finance Minister Arun Jaitely said at a seminar organised by the ICSI.
The Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC), chaired by Justice B N Srikrishna, has suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising SEBI, IRDA, FMC and part of RBI.
Jaitely said four different groups are studying the report and the implementation of the suggestions would require legislative as well as administrative changes.
FSLRC, which submitted its report to the government in March last year, has also given a draft legislation for putting in place an Indian Financial Code (IFC).
Various stakeholders, including RBI, are opposed to certain proposals under the IFC.
Jaitley said, “Some legislative changes will also be required. I think with a combination of these administrative and legislative changes, the professional regulatory mechanism will come to stay.”
The country, Jaitley said, has moved away from state- regulated mechanism to a mechanism where the market is trusted and there are professional regulators to deal with issues in sectors concerned .
“We need to learn, not only from the best practices in India, but from the best global practices. And the Commission’s report is an extremely important step in that direction. Under the present circumstances, there are lots of changes which are required,” he said.
The recommendations of the FSLRC are divided into legislative and non-legislative aspects.
It has recommended a seven-agency structure for the financial sector — the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Unified Financial Agency (UFA),
Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT), Resolution Corporation (RC), Financial Redressal Agency (FRA), Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC) and Public Debt Management Agency (PDMA).
TAGS: Arun Jaitley B N Srikrishna Goods And Services Tax Raghuram Rajan RBI
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

With two points  Kuznetsov got a confidence boostBy Alex Prewitt November 29 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Geoff Burke/USA TODAY Sports_
The Washington Capitals had tossed him up and down the lineup, centering three different lines through 21 games, both a starter and a scratch during his rookie season, so Evgeny Kuznetsov handled this unpredictability by focusing on the bigger picture. “For me,” he said, “doesn’t matter who score. Huge for me to win the game.”
But now, as Kuznetsov twirled toward the boards, swung his knee and arm up and yelled, the spotlight had finally trained on him. His wrist shot had zoomed past Islanders goaltender Chad Johnson and struck the net just below the crossbar, an even-strength tally less than six minutes into the third period Friday night.
A 5-2 victory over the Islanders marked  Kuznetsov’s first game registering both a goal and an assist, so he celebrated accordingly. He pounded the glass with two hands. He welcomed teammates for hugs. He later claimed, after just his second goal of the season and first since Oct. 29, it was all spontaneous.
“When I score, I don’t think how I celebration,” he said. “It’s emotion. I’m happy to win tonight and score.”
The emotions of such a helter-skelter rookie season might have shaken another’s confidence, but Kuznetsov always seemed capable of handling whatever Coach Barry Trotz decided, which most recently meant four straight games with less than eight minutes. Then, when Andre Burakovsky struggled Wednesday night against the Islanders, shelved for the final 10-minute stretch in a tie game because Trotz wanted more experience on the ice, Kuznetsov’s number was called.
Burakovsky moved down to center Eric Fehr and Brooks Laich, a spot Kuznetsov had occupied for the previous two weeks. Trotz returned Kuznetsov between Troy Brouwer and Marcus Johansson, hoping the 22-year-old rookie could jump-start a line that hadn’t scored in 17 days.
“I would say Kuzy was really good early then he sort of fell off,” Trotz said. “I haven’t been able to give him enough people in certain areas to play his style of game. Everything we’ve given him, he’s gotten better at, no different than Burakovsky. But you’re going to go through peaks and valleys. That’s sort of what youth does, it tests you a bit. You think it’s going to be easy it gets really hard, then you struggle for a bit, then you get it back and all that.”
Friday night, Kuznetsov skated 15 minutes, 57 seconds, his most since Oct. 29, and reached one of those peaks. His 60-percent unblocked shot differential at even strength was third among Capitals skaters, behind Joel Ward and Johansson according to War on Ice . Only five forwards finished above 50 percent in that category. Kuznetsov’s entire line comprised three of them.
Early into the game, Kuznetsov earned a secondary assist on Burakovsky’s power play goal. Later, after Brouwer dug a puck from traffic and whacked a slap shot off defenseman Travis Hamonic’s knee, Kuznetsov gathered the rebound, waited for an opening while Hamonic limped around, and found his first multi-point game of the season.
“I think Kuzy was in a little bit of a downward spiral and [Burakovsky] was going real well, then I think [Burakovsky] fell off a little bit, and Kuzy got a good confidence boost tonight,” Trotz said. “Played very well tonight. I loved the fact that he was hounding pucks and he was using his best assets. He’s a great skater and he can handle pucks and he can do things. He had that battle mentality, and when he does that, his skill shows itself.”
Kuznetsov, for his part, wanted little to do with revelry after the game. He preached focus on Saturday night’s game in Toronto. He talked about pressure from back home in Russia, where Kuznetsov left the KHL last season to join the Capitals. And as he has done, he referred to a “hockey life starting this season,” where he has tried to “enjoy every day,” no matter what it brought.
“I want to work,” he said, “and I want to win something this season.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Delhi: Robbers loot Rs 1.5 crore from ATM cash vanIn a daring daylight heist, two men on a motorcycle gunned down a security guard and robbed Rs. 1.5 crore from an ATM kiosk in north Delhi's busy Kamla Nagar on Saturday.
 
The incident took place at around 11am when custodians of a van belonging to a private cash replenishment firm were refilling money into the Citibank ATM, said joint commissioner of police Sandeep Goel.
 
“Two men on a bike arrived and shot the security guard twice in his head. They then picked up a bag containing Rs. 1.5 crore from inside the kiosk and fled brandishing their weapons,” said a senior police officer.
 
Kamla Nagar is an area adjacent to the University of Delhi’s main campus and is largely occupied by students.
Police inspect the scene of crime after miscreants looted a cash van outside Citi Bank's ATM in Kamla Nagar area. (Photo courtesy: @ANI_news)
Earlier this week, unidentified men hauled off a Union Bank of India cash machine from west Delhi’s Narela and also snatched the CCTV cameras installed in the booth.
 
The injured security guard, Satinder Singh, was taken to a nearby hospital where he died at around 3.30pm, sources said.
 
“He was not breathing and his blood pressure was low. He was revived artificially and his blood pressure brought up. But after the CT scan and other investigations, he collapsed again and finally could not be revived,” said Dr Siddharth Ramji, medical superintendent of Lok Nayak hospital.
 
Police have lodged a case including charges of attempt to murder, armed robbery and sections of the Arms Act while CCTV footage from the area is being scanned to identify the criminals.
 
"We extend our deepest condolences to the family of the security guard employed by our service provider, who lost his life in this tragic incident. We will cooperate fully with the law enforcement authorities in their efforts to bring the perpetrators of this crime to justice," a Citibank spokesperson told HT.
 
Several teams led by DCP Madhur Verma are investigating the case under the overall supervision of special CP Deepak Mishra, sources said.
 
In 2012, five armed robbers made off with a private bank’s cash van carrying Rs. 5.25 crore in south Delhi’s Defence Colony at around 1.45pm on September 28, after intercepting the vehicle and shooting at the guard.
Robbers loot Rs. 1.5 crore from cash van outside ATM in Delhi

Gujarat gears up LGBT pride march in Vadodara  AhmedabadBy: Express News Service | Ahmedabad |
Posted: November 29, 2014 9:25 pm
Around 500 people are all set to take part in one of the biggest LGBT(lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender) Pride March to be held on Monday (December 1) in Ahmedabad which is also celebrated as the World Aids Day. While the march is being held for the second time in the city, it will witness members of the LGBT community from various cities take to the streets to sensitise people on HIV-related issues and the community also aims to make a pitch for their rights including repealing the Section 377.
The Ahmedabad LGBT Pride March walk on Monday which will start from Bata House to Income Tax six roads has been organised by Swavlambi Chuval Mandal and is expected to bring together members of around 15 NGO’s in the city and also from Mumbai and other cities.
“As the city’s Mayor Minaxiben Patel is out of station, we are planning to call on AMC health committee chairman Shambhu Vataliya and two corporators from Navrangpura to flag off the pride march. While last year saw around 150 participants, this time we are expecting more than 500 people participating in the march,”said Falguni Prajapati, project officer of Swavlambi Chuval Gram Mandal,an NGO which works for LGBT rights in the city.
Incidentally Ahmedabad’s LGBT pride march follows Vadodara which witnessed a ‘gay pride march’ on Sunday evening between Genda circle to Chakli circle on the Race Course road. A two-day festival was held at Vadodara which included Kashish film festival organized by Kashish Mumbai International Queer Film Festival (KMIQFF) that featured some of the prominent films on LGBT issues from across the world. It was followed by musical performances by local bands at Swastik Auditorium at Ellora Park area in Vadodara and the LGBT pride march.
Incidentally, Surat was among the first cities in Gujarat to have held a pride walk in October last year, that was then followed up by similar walks held in Vadodara and Ahmedabad thereby putting Gujarat on the LGBT map of India.
“This is the first time we have organised a film festival to spread awareness among the general public about LGBT rights and issues faced by this community. Around 200 people from various cities and Vadodara will be taking part in the gay pride walk to sensitise people. Even as the LGBT community and NGO’s associated with them keep talking about HIV, we felt that these numbers are increasing and that more sensitization is required. However the march in both cities (Vadodara and Ahmedabad) would be ‘rights-based’ where we would be sensitizing people about Section 377. Many of LGBT-related issues are being are made into crimes. It is our right to get physically or emotionally attached to people and it is also part of human rights that we are asking for which we hope to communicate through these events,” said Ankur Patil from Foram Foundation, an NGO in Vadodara.

IPTL: Indian Aces continue winning run  hand Manila Mavericks 24-15 maulingBy: Press Trust of India | Manila |
Posted: November 29, 2014 9:12 pm
Indian Aces continued their winning run as they beat Manila Mavericks 24-15 on the second day of the much talked about International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) in Manila on Saturday.
Having started their campaign by defeating Singapore Slammers, Indian aces on Saturday strengthened their position by outplaying star-studded Mavericks side.
Opting to serve first, Mavericks captain Treay Huey decided to begin the match with legend’s singles game and Fabrice Santoro of Indian Aces was scheduled to play Carlos Moya.
The Spanish legend, representing Mavericks, retired hurt with groin injury at 3-1 and was replaced by Daniel Nestor,
who Santoro easily beat 6-1.
The Manila boys — Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Filipino Treat Huey — then outplayed his fellow country mate Gael Monfils, partnering Rohan Bopanna 6-0 to give the Mavericks a 7-6 lead over the Indian team after the end of two sets.
The Aces, however, bounced back in the third set with Gael Monfils beating the only member of Big Four club, Andy
Murray 6-4.
After leading the set at 3-4, Murray succumbed to Monfils losing the three consecutive points and eventually the set. At the end of third set, the Mavericks trail 11-12.
In the clash between two stars pairs, India’s Sania Mirza and Bopanna mauled the top singles players, Maria Sharapova and Andy Murray brutally.
It is not always necessary that the two great singles players would make a good doubles team, and this was proved on
Saturday as the experienced Indian duo thrashed Sharapova and Murray 6-1 to give Aces an 18-12 lead.
Ana Ivanovic of Indian Aces then shut the door on Mavericks by getting the better of Sharapova 6-3.
After losing the mixed doubles match with huge margin, Sharapova lost her way in the singles match in the fifth and
final individual set.
Sharapova started off well with consecutive two aces down the line to hold the opening serve but the first break point
came in the third game with Ivanovic taking a 4-1 lead.
The Russian then broke Ivanovic in the sixth game but could not win the set and eventually lost the match.
Indian Aces will next face UAE Royals, who earlier on Saturday beat Singapore Slammers 3-2 in sets and 28-22 on game points.
The day started with the most-awaited match with the current men’s singles players — Marin Cilic of UAE Royals and
Tomas Berdych of Singapore Slammers — facing each other.
Cilic took an early lead by breaking Tomas in third game and extending it to 4-3, but Berdych tied it 4-4.
But another break of serve by Berdych helped Cilic defeat the Czech player 6-4.
In the men’s doubles, the Singapore pair of Berdych and Nick Kyrgios then toppled the doubles specialists Nenad
Zimonjic and Cilic of UAE 6-5 , to square the set 1-1.
Berdych and Kyrgios remained unbeaten in the tournament.
They were trailing a game point behind their opponents but remained rock-solid to win it in five-minutes tie-breaker.
UAE Royals once again took the upper hand when Kristina Mladenovic got the continued…

Bombers may target Imran Khans rally tomorrow: Pakistan intelligenceBy: Press Trust of India | Lahore |
Posted: November 29, 2014 9:12 pm
Pakistani intelligence agencies have warned that suicide bombers may target cricketer-turned- politician Imran Khan during his rally in Islamabad on Sunday.
According to an intelligence report submitted to the federal government, three banned organisations – Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), Jundallah and Jamaatul Ahrar – have plans to target Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) chief Khan’s rally.
“These organisations have prepared suicide bombers who may target Imran Khan and the PTI rally in Islamabad.
The suicide bombers may also target the PTI caravan in Lahore leaving for Islamabad rally,” the report said.
The interior ministry has asked Khan to take extra security measures for himself during the rally. The ministry has also called on both the police and rangers to deal with the PTI workers in case of violence as well as for the security of the rally.
Khan said the Nawaz Sharif government would not be allowed to function after November 30 if an investigation into alleged massive rigging in the 2013 election was not launched.
“If Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif thinks he will run the government without auditing the 2013 election, he is mistaken,” he said.
Khan had launched a a two-month protest campaign in August demanding that Sharif resign.

Railways should be vehicle of Indias growth story: Narendra ModiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said at the Northeast Frontier Railway (NF Railway) Stadium in Guwahati on Saturday evening that the Indian Railways should be a vehicle of India's growth story and hoped that under the leadership of new railway minister Suresh Prabhu, the Indian Railways would make rapid progress in the days to come.
The Prime Minister, after flagging off the first passenger train from Mendipathar to Guwahati to put Meghalaya on the railway map of India and laying the foundation stone of the new broad gauge railway line from Bhairabi to Sairang in Mizoram, said that Indian Railways has the potential to play a key role in the economic development of the country.
"We have decided to open up one Railway University each in the country's eastern, western, southern and northern regions. The graduates from these special universities will contribute in faster development of the railway network across the country. They will be special railway graduates," said Modi.
The PM said that in the budget, his government had sanctioned Rs. 28,000 crore for railways development and decided for FDI in key areas of railway development in the country.
"I want both horizontal and vertical development in railways. Horizontal means better network and vertical means better facilities," said Modi.
Modi also said that more money will flow into railways in the days to come as the government has wanted to privatise some railway stations in the country. "We want railways stations to be privatised. I believe railways should have even better facilities than airports as the common man travels through trains," Modi added.
In his address, the Prime Minister stressed on rapid infrastructure development in the northeastern region of the country. "It is believed in Vastu Shastra that the northeastern part of the house must be proper. Then things will be good at home. If we take good care of the northeast, the entire country will move ahead," Modi said.
The Prime Minister said that development in the northeastern region is one of his high priorities. "We talk about 'Look East' policy... now we have decided, if this is really the era of Asia, we have to 'Look Act' which means not just look but act. And from 'Look Act', we will proceed ahead to 'Look East Act'," Modi added.
Railway minister Prabhu was also present, along with the chief ministers of Assam, Meghayala and Mizoram.

Threat to freedom of expression a threat to media: PM Modi15
0
Guwahati: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday urged the media to accept the challenges of threat to freedom of expression posed by certain quarters.
"In a democracy, we realise the importance of freedom of expression only when it is denied to us just like the importance of breathing is realised when one cannot breathe for two seconds," Modi said.
Inaugurating the Platinum Jubilee celebration of North East's leading English daily 'The Assam Tribune', he said "it was Indira Gandhi who made us realise the value of freedom of thought, ideas and expression in a democracy by gagging the media during the Emergency."
In the 21st century, "an attack on media is an attack on humanity and is a blot for the nation and the world alike", Modi said.
#narendra modi #india #media #isis
"People refused to accept it and the country was united to assert its right for freedom of expression, though many editors and mediapersons were thrown into prison and faced innumerable challenges", Modi said.
"Whenever any person or organisation wants to assert their supremacy, their first attack is on the media and the most recent example is that of the ISIS who made journalists their victims by beheading them," he said.
It was not important for ISIS from which country the journalist belonged to, what language he spoke or what his colour was, but the fact that he was wielding the pen and fighting for the truth was enough to make him a victim, the Prime Minister said.
In the 21st century, "an attack on media is an attack on humanity and is a blot for the nation and the world alike", he said.
Modi said "the media faces immense challenge in a fast-moving society like ours. Earlier, we got news once in 24 hours but now we get at least 24 news in one minute and the challenge is to be trusted and remain credible".
Credibility is a major challenge for the media as, he said, "merely reading the news is not enough but one has to read between the lines to ascertain whether it is credible."
"Had we ever seen earlier any signboard at any shop saying 'pure ghee available here'? But now we see such things. Similarly, media, too, has taken to promotion in a big way with slogans like 'saccha (true) khabar and tej (fast) khabar which makes one wary about its veracity," Modi said.
The reader "also becomes doubtful that something is wrong when a news report is excessively quoted to a 'reliable source' as people expect the media to have the power to take responsibility for what they are reporting'', he said.
8

PM Narendra Modi favours privatization  modernization of railway stationsNov 30, 2014 at  07:54am IST
On his northeast visit, PM Modi flags off first train to Meghalaya
8
1
Guwahati: Almost after six decades os independence, northeastern state Meghalaya found a spot on the country's rail map with Prime Minister Narendra Modi flagging off the first train to the state on Saturday.
"Railway facilities are the same as they were 100 years back ... Prisatize the railway stations and modernise them," Modi said after flagging off the first train linking Meghalaya.
"I will make it in 10-12 places. Stations should be better than airports as most travellers are poor people. We can easily have trains running below and commercial properties above (floor)," Modi reasoned.
#privatisation #narendra modi #india #railway stations
At a time when real estate is very expensive, railways should leverage its properties by allowing private parties to build luxury hotels, restaurants and other facilities, he added.
He said once this exercise is completed in these places, the government will carry out modernisation of stations across the country.
The Prime Minister on Saturday inaugurated the Mendipathar-Guwahati passenger train and laid the foundation stone of broad gauge conversion of Bhairabi-Sairang line in Mizoram.
Modi said the Indian Railways have the potential to become the backbone of the country's economic activity.
"We will not be happy in just adding one coach or upgrading one station. We want both horizontal and vertical development of the railways. It can become the engine of Indian economy," he added.
The government has already allowed 100 per cent foreign direct investment to completely modernise the railway transportation in the country, he said.
Modi said the government has decided to open four railway universities in the four corners of the country where all aspects of railway service will be taught.
He said railway can be a mode of eco-friendly mass transportation, which will be India's contribution to contain global warming.
Talking about connectivity to northeast, Modi said, "Infrastructure is the most important factor to develop northeast. If we want to develop India, we have to develop northeast."
Giving example of good roads in South Korea, he said India, particularly this region, should have better connectivity to leverage its potential.
"The upper middle class in India wants to go for visiting places once or twice a year. They keep searching for good places. If we have good connectivity, then they will come to northeast as it is full of natural beauty and lovely people.
"Once infrastructure is developed, rest all will be done by the public," Modi said.
The Prime Minister also favoured connecting northeast digitally by installing optical fibre network so that people in remotest area can also avail all facilities of the cyber world.
"We have to take forward 'Look Act Policy'. We have 'Look East Policy' and now we will have 'Act East Policy'. Northeast will be the centre of development," he added.
(With inputs from PTI)

India wary of assertive China  intrusive Pakistan: IAF Chief52
0
Bengaluru: With the strategic gravity shifting from west to east, especially to Asia and Asia Pacific, "India faces security challenges in the region due to an assertive China and an intrusive Pakistan", the IAF chief, Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha, said on Saturday.
"The situation is not good for the environment, as peaceful rise of China remains a distant dream. An assertive China is investing heavily in developing military power, especially aerospace power, laying claims on international waters, island territories and air space over South China Sea and East China Sea," Raha said during the eighth annual Air Chief Marshal L.M. Katre memorial lecture.
Noting that the situation in South Asia spawning Afghanistan and Pakistan was going to be delicate, especially after the withdrawal of the US-led allied forces, the chief of air staff said Pakistan was the fountainhead of terrorism, encouraging terrorist activities despite being a part of the global war on terror.
"India faces security challenges in the region due to an assertive China and an intrusive Pakistan", the IAF Chief.
#arup raha #air chief marshal #iaf chief #pakistan
"Withdrawal of American and western forces from Afghanistan will create a very delicate situation for India in terms of some conventional threats to us. Similarly, the IS (Islamic State) gaining strength in West Asia poses another challenge for us to deal with proper planning and induction of forces, especially aerospace power," he said.
Raha said China was developing capabilities to fight major conflicts over the next 35 years, as mentioned by a security analyst in Hong Kong in an article recently.
"By 2050, China wants to annex Taiwan, occupy the Spratly Islands in the South China Sea, annex South Tibet and Arunachal from India, get hold of Senkaku Islands of Japan and recover lost territories in Russia and Mangolia," Raha said.
Claiming that India had no territorial ambition except to recover the land lost due to historical reasons, the Indian Air Force chief said with a hostile border left behind as a legacy of the British rule, the situation in the neighbourhood, specially on the western border, was vulnerable.
"Our aim is not to occupy but deter our enemy from waging war against us with striking capability to penetrate into the enemy's territory with air power and expose the vulnerability of the adversary," he said.
Khatre was the chief of air staff in 1984-85 and chairman of the state-run Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd., which makes military aircraft for the IAF.
The day-long event was organised by the Air Force Association of Karnataka branch in association with the Aeronautical Society of India and HAL.
HAL chairman R.K Tyagi also spoke to the gathering of about 500 serving and retired officers, air warriors and other stakeholders.
113

Hatcher optimistic about playing vs. ColtsBy Liz Clarke November 29 Follow @lizclarketweet
Jason Hatcher pressures Minnesota quarterback Teddy Bridgewater. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Within four months of signing with Washington in March as its highest profile free-agent acquisition on defense, Jason Hatcher underwent arthroscopic surgery on his left knee and turned 32.
So there was reason to wonder about the defensive lineman’s durability and the wisdom of giving him a four-year, $27.5 million contract, of which $10.5 million was due this season.
But the 6-foot-6, 299-pound Hatcher has started all 11 games and is second on the team with five sacks, behind Ryan Kerrigan’s 8.5. This week marked the first real concern about Hatcher’s fitness, after his right knee bothered him enough to hold him out of practice Thursday and limit him in Friday’s session.
Coach Jay Gruden attributed it to “wear and tear” of the season. Hatcher said it was “a little freak accident” that he didn’t want to elaborate on. He is listed as questionable for Sunday’s game at 7-4 Indianapolis, in which the challenge of disrupting quarterback Andrew Luck looms large, but he is feeling bullish about his chances.
“The MRI came back good, so we’re looking forward to keep progressing throughout the week and playing on Sunday,” said Hatcher, who recorded a career-high 11 sacks for Dallas last season and earn his first Pro Bowl honors.
Hatcher said his right knee bothered him during last Sunday’s game at San Francisco, but he played through it and rested much of this week on the advice of team trainers.
“It’s responding well,” Hatcher said. “I feel good. I got all expectation of playing this week.”
Given Luck’s heft and composure in the pocket, it’s imperative that Washington (3-8) generate a good pass rush. The Colts boast the league’s most prolific passing offense, with the third-year quarterback averaging 323.1 yards per game through the air.
“He gets pressure, he gets hit early in games, and that doesn’t faze him,” Gruden said with admiration. “He continues to drop back and look downfield.”
Hatcher said he’s eager to be part of the effort to throw Luck off his game.
“Obviously you got to get to him,” Hatcher said. “He’s one of the premier quarterbacks in this league. He’s very efficient in what he does. If you don’t disrupt him, make him get off the spot, he got great receivers, and he’s a good quarterback.
“…He has got to be hit. Sacked. Uncomfortable. If you let him sit back there in the pocket, he will pick you apart.”
 
Liz Clarke currently covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post, she has also covered five Olympic Games, two World Cups and written extensively about college sports, tennis and auto racing.

Danny Welbecks header gives Arsenal 1-0 win over West BromBy: Associated Press | West Bromwich |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:21 pm
Danny Welbeck’s powerful header gave Arsenal a 1-0 victory over West Bromwich Albion on Saturday as the London club hit back after back-to-back Premier League losses.
Welbeck scored in the 60th minute when Santi Cazorla ran toward the byline and chipped it back in front of goal.
Welbeck soared above the West Brom defense and headed past Ben Foster despite the goalkeeper getting a hand to the ball.
“The clean sheet is very important and we always believed in ourselves to score goals so it was a vital three points for us,” Welbeck said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger praised Cazorla for setting up Welbeck and securing the win, which leaves Arsenal fighting for a place in the Premier League’s top four with 20 points after 13 matches.
“Cazorla’s class got us that goal,” Wenger said. “He had a few opportunities in the first half. He cannot finish at the moment, but in providing he is still top class.”
For West Brom, it was a third successive loss and the team failed to score in all three defeats. The team sits close to the relegation zone with 13 points.
The Baggies did, however, give Arsenal a couple of scares toward the end at the Hawthorns. Saido Berahino’s header crashed against the crossbar in the 81st and a shot by Craig Gardner flashed just wide of the near post in the 90th.
Berahino started the match despite being charged with drunk driving and not informing his club about it until around a month later.
Arsenal’s win came after a 2-0 victory against Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League on Wednesday. Prior to that win, Arsenal lost to Manchester United and Swansea in the league.
Midfielder Aaron Ramsey hopes the team can now generate momentum after two consecutive clean sheets.
“It was important to build on midweek and keep this run going and it is nice to win again,” Ramsey said. “It was never going to be easy with the quick turnaround but we did well, we dug in and got the three points.

LVM 3 X launch with crew module between in D...India's LVM 3 X launch with crew module between December 15 and 20
PTI Nov 29, 2014, 10.45PM IST
Tags:
GSLV Mark III
(The launch intends to test…)
SRIHARIKOTA: Inching towards its human space programme, India would test a crew module recovery experiment even as it would study the vehicular performance of its latest Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV - Mark III) from Satish Dhawan Space Centre here between December 15 and 20.
"ISRO would launch its heaviest rocket GSLV-Mark III (LVM 3 X mission) sometime between December 15 and 20. The rocket would also carry a crew module to test its re-entry characteristics," M Y S Prasad , Director, Satish Dhawan Space Centre, told reporters here.
The launch intends to test the atmospheric characteristics and stability of the updated rocket on its way up and would study the crew module on its re-entry into the atmosphere.
While the rocket would cost Rs 140 crore, the crew module would cost Rs 15 crore, he said.
Elaborating on the updated GSLV Mark III , S Somanath , Project Director, GSLV Mark III, said, "The rocket can carry upto four tonne payload. This is the heaviest rocket India has ever launched. It is 630 tonne at lift off. We would test only the first two stages and not the cryogenic stage."
"The cryogenic engine is under development and it will take more two years to be ready," said Prasad.
Since Indian government has not officially approved sending humans into space so far, Prasad said the crew module would not carry any living being and it is only for study purposes.
Explaining the process, Project Director of Crew Module, S Unnikrishnan Nair , said after getting separated from the rocket around 126 km, it would be stabilised by thrusters designed on board.
"The three tonne weighing crew module would use four set of parachutes to safely land on the surface of the sea at 7 metre per second. It will land some 180 km from Indira Point of Andaman and Nicobar Islands. From the lift off to the crew module splashing into the sea, it will take around 20 minutes," he said.
The cup cake-shaped crew module is 2.5 metre tall and 3.5 metre in diameter, he said.
The capsule, tentatively designed to carry three astronauts, would be recovered by Indian Coast Guard ships. A practice of the recovery was done on October 31 with Coast Guard ship ICGS Samudra Paheredar, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Judge Clears Woman In Death Of Fianc After Crash Is Linked To GM Ignition SwitchJudge Clears Woman In Death Of Fiancé After Crash Is Linked To GM Ignition Switch
Reuters  | By                                                                Jessica Dye
reddit
An undated photo provided by attorney Robert Hilliard is the booking photo of Candice Anderson. A former Texas district attorney has asked a state agency to pardon Anderson who pleaded guilty in the 2004 car crash that killed her fiance, Gene Mikale Erikson, but which her attorney says was caused by a faulty General Motors ignition switch. Anderson's attorney Robert Hilliard, said the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration in May confirmed to Erickson's mother the crash was caused by the
NEW YORK, Nov 24 (Reuters) - A Texas judge on Monday overturned the conviction of a woman who pleaded guilty to causing a fatal crash that killed her fiancé that was later linked to a faulty switch in the General Motors Co car she was driving, according to her lawyer.
Van Zandt County District Judge Teresa Drum granted a petition from Candice Anderson to vacate her conviction for criminally negligent homicide, according to her lawyer, Robert Hilliard.
Anderson was driving a 2004 Saturn Ion in East Texas with her fiancé, Gene Mikale Erickson, as a passenger when it veered off the road and hit a grove of trees in 2004.
This undated photo shows the wreckage of the car crash that killed Gene Mikale Erikson.
The car's air bags failed to deploy, and Erickson was killed. Local prosecutors concluded Anderson was to blame, and she agreed in 2007 to plea deal under which she served five years of community supervision and paid a $2,500 fine and restitution for Erickson's funeral costs, Hilliard said.
This year, GM recalled 2.6 million vehicles - including the 2004 Saturn Ion - over a problem with the ignition switch that could cause it to switch out of position and cut power to the air bags and brakes. Anderson's crash was later identified as one of 13 linked to the switch.
Anderson filed a writ of habeas corpus to set aside her conviction earlier this year, saying that she and crash investigators had no way of knowing of the defect at the time of the crash. Had they had that information, they would have reached a different conclusion about the causes, according to the petition.
The petition was granted following a hearing on Monday, Hilliard said.
"GM knew this defect caused this death yet, instead of telling the truth, watched silently as Candice was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter," Hilliard said in a statement.
GM had submitted a letter in connection with Monday's hearing acknowledging the switch "may have caused or contributed to" the failure of the air bags to deploy.
A GM spokesman, Jim Cain, said in a statement that the company cooperated fully with court requests in connection with Anderson's petition.
"It is appropriate for the court to determine the legal status of Ms. Anderson," he said.
GM has set up a program run by lawyer Kenneth Feinberg to evaluate and pay claims for injuries and deaths linked to the switch. Anderson has received an offer of compensation from the program, Hilliard added. (Reporting by Jessica Dye.; Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi and Andre Grenon)
More:

Tatas bet big on mobile wallet servicesUpdated: November 27, 2014 22:28 IST
Tatas bet big on mobile wallet services
Lalatendu Mishra
The company is planning to launch an open-ended pre-paid card whereby a customer can load money into this card that can be used by a family member elsewhere.
TOPICS
company information
Achieves over one million transactions, taken place across 2,500 outlets
The Tatas are betting big on mobile wallet services, a business that is poised to grow exponentially in India considering the convenience associated with the service, the large number of mobile phone users the country has as well as the government’s move to encourage cash less transactions in the economy.
Tata group company MMP Mobi Wallet Payment Systems Ltd (MMPL), the mobile wallet subsidiary of Tata Teleservices Ltd., which operates under the brand name mRupee, is gearing up to offer a bouquet of services to expand its business and stay ahead among the 38 players in this business. The firm started commercial operation in March, 2013. Since then, it has launched three services. MMPL started with domestic money remittance service for industrial workers. It gradually scaled up. The company has achieved over one million transactions, taken place across 2,500 outlets in 26 cities where it operates.
“Our domestic money remittances service has shown acceptance. Earlier this year, we launched a pre-paid payment instrument for the higher income group, which could top up their mobile wallet and use it at identified merchants or establishments to buy a gift or avail of recharge facility and pay bills. We have started booking railway tickets. The opportunity is huge,” Pradeep Kumar Sampat, COO, MMPL, said. “We have witnessed growth of 25-30 per cent on month-on-month basis. We believe our services will make a lot of difference to the rural segment where financial services are poorly established. We are investing in technology,” he added. The company is planning to launch an open-ended pre-paid card whereby a customer can load money into this card that can be used by a family member elsewhere. The other end can use this card to withdraw money from an ATM. The company is also negotiating with enterprises to help them manage their cash collections efficiently. MMPL believes that growth in e-commerce would also give a boost to mobile wallet services which can ensure payment on delivery.
Tata Teleservices intends to reach out to 900 million mobile users. Money transaction via mobile phones is gradually gaining success. Now with cash withdrawals to be allowed from pre-paid wallets, mobile payments can be a game changer for the financial sector and mobile operators.

Priyanka  Freida unveil campaign for girls educationNew Delhi, November 29, 2014
Updated: November 29, 2014 23:22 IST
Priyanka, Freida unveil campaign for girls’ education
PTI
Tweet
PTI
Actresses Priyanka Chopra and Freida Pinto at the launch of global campaign ‘Girl Rising’ in New Delhi on Saturday.
TOPICS
social issue
The top Bollywood actresses feature in the Indian version of the documentary film
Priyanka Chopra and Freida Pinto on Saturday launched a multi-level global campaign, ‘Girl Rising’, which includes a documentary film featuring the two stars and seven other Bollywood actresses, to spread awareness about importance of girls’ education.
The top Bollywood actresses feature in the Indian version of the film, which tells stories of nine unforgettable girls around the world striving against difficult circumstances to achieve their dreams of an education.
Priyanka, 32, and Freida, 30, are also part of the global feature, which co-stars Oscar-winners Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway.
“I’ve been a part of the ‘Girl Rising’ campaign since its inception and am honoured to be able to bring this powerful idea to India. I am also extremely humbled by and grateful for the support from my colleagues in the industry.
“All it took was one phone call for me to have these amazing seven ladies to graciously agree to join us on this journey. If more girls are educated, all of India stands to gain. The girl rising campaign aims to address that through an innovative initiative that will not only help create awareness but also create a tangible platform to affect change,” Priyanka said here.

Varun soars to new National recordUpdated: November 29, 2014 23:10 IST
Athletics
Varun soars to new National record
J. R. Shridharan
UNSTOPPABLE: Tamil Nadu’s G. Karthika reigned supreme in the under-20 girls' long jump in the Jio National junior athletics championship in Vijayawada on Saturday.- Photo: Ch. Vijaya Bhaskar
TOPICS
athletics, track and field
Uttar Pradesh’s Varun Kakran cleared a height of 1.86 metres to set a new National record in the under-14 boys’ high jump in the Jio junior National athletics championship at IGMC stadium here on Saturday. Varun eclipsed Maharashtra’s Anil Kumar Sahoo’s 1.85 metre effort achieved in 2011.
Kerala and Haryana athletes dominated the penultimate day with Kerala runners hogging the limelight in the relays.
The results: Boys: U-14: High Jump: 1. Varun Kakran (UP) 1.86m – NR (ONR & NMR 1.85), 2. Anil (Har) 1.70; 3. Ravindra Reddy 1.56.
U-16: 1000m medley: 1. Haryana 2:00.62; 2. Tamil Nadu 2:01.60; 3. Punjab 2:26.76; 400m hurdles: 1. R. Balakrishnan (TN) 54.26s; 2. T. Santosh (TN) 54.28; 3. Santosh Kumar (Mah) 55.23; Shot Put: 1. Satyam (UP) 16.38m; 2. Uddit Kumar (Bihar) 16.11; 3. Ashish (Guj) 15.45m.
U-18: 1000m medley: 1. Haryana 1:58.39s; 2. Punjab 2:00.97; 3. Tamil Nadu 2:01.36; High Jump: 1. Geo Joe (Ker) 2.03m, 2. Many Francis (Ker) 2.01; 3. Yugant (UP) 2.01; Discus: 1. Ravi Jatian (Har) 49.43m; 2. Karanjit (Bihar) 49.08; 3. Sonu Atri (Del) 48.19; Pole Vault: 1. Singh Kunwar (UP) 4.20m; 2. Amit (Har) 4.10; 3. U. Gokulnath (TN) 4.00.
U-20: 400m: Parvir Singh (Har) 53.44s; 2. Jabir (Ker) 53.95; 3. Jashanjot (Pun) 53.99. Long Jump: Anbu Raja (TN) 7.29m; 2. Muhammad (Ker) 7.20; 3. Ranjeet (UP) 7.07; Pole Vault: 1. Anuj (Har) 4.60m, 2. Rambeer (Raj) 4.25; 3. Ghansyam (Guj) 4.20; Hammer: Harish (Del) 61.52m; 2. Sachin (UP) 60.78; 3. Sidhit (Har) 59.83; 4x100 relay: 1. Kerala ‘A’ 43.03s, 2. Tamil Nadu ‘A’ 43.14; 3. Karnataka ‘A’ 43.23.
Girls: U-16: 3000m: 1. Anumol Thambi (Ker) 10:29.57s; 2. Savita Pal (UP) 10:32.51; 3. Vimala (TN) 10:43.38; 1000m medley: 1. Kerala 2:17.74s; 2. Tamil Nadu 2:21.12, 3. Telangana 2:26.76. Discus: 1. Sema (Har) 41.5m; 2. Arpandep Kaur (Pun) 37.51; 3. Priyadarshini (TN) 33.41.
U-18: 400m hurdles: 1. Veerpal Kaur (Pun) 1:04.34s; 2. Vismaya (Ker) 1:04.84, 3. Doly Biswas (WB) 1:06.53; 3000m: 1. Aleesha (Ker) 10:11.96s; 2. Sudha Pal (UP) 10:12.66; 3. Kavita Yadav (UP) 10:19.76; Triple Jump: 1. Rochelle (TN) 12.03m; 2. Ramya (TN) 11.67; 3. Alphy Lukose (Ker) 11.43; Discus: 1 Priyanka (Har) 41.25m; 2. Niveditha (Kar) 38.45; 3. Ekta (Del) 37.42; 1000m medley: 1. Kerala ‘A’ 2:17.57s; 2. Tamil Nadu ‘A’ 2:17.75; 3. Punjab ‘A’ 2:21.60.
U-20: 400m hurdles: 1. Jisha (Ker) 1:04.47, 2. Anjali Jose (Ker) 1:04.78, 3. Taranpreet (Pun) 1:05.43; Shot out: 1. P.S. Uma (Kar) 12.30m, 2. Rubi Gogoi (Asm) 12.15; 3. Jashanjot (Pun) 53.99. Long Jump: 1. G. Karthika (TN) 5.90m; 2. Praneetha (Kar) 5.86; 3. Bhairabi Roy (WB) 5.75; 4x100m relay: 1. Kerala ‘A’ 49.29s; 2. Tamil Nadu ‘A’ 50.52; 3. AP ‘A’ 55.93s.

In pics: At least 120 killed as suicide bombers attack Nigeria mosqueprint
At least 120 people were killed and 270 others injured on Friday when two suicide bombers blew themselves up and gunmen opened fire during weekly prayers at the mosque of one of Nigeria's top Islamic leaders.
The attack at the Grand Mosque in Kano came just as Friday prayers had started. The blasts came after a bomb attack was foiled against a mosque in the northeastern city of Maiduguri earlier on Friday, five days after two female suicide bombers killed over 45 people in the city.
A crowd gathers at the scene of multiple bombings at Kano central mosque on Friday. Gunmen set off three bombs and opened fire on worshippers. (Reuters)
 
People gather around the remains of a suicide bomber at Kano central mosque on Friday. (Reuters)
 
Bomb detection security personnel inspect the wreckage of a car believed to be used in the Kano central mosque bombing on Friday. (Reuters)
 
The remains of a victim of the Kano central mosque bombing is wheeled into the Murtala Mohammed specialist Hospital on Friday. (Reuters)
 
Civilians who fled their homes following an attack by Islamist militants, in North East Nigeria wait to use the wash room at the camp for internally displaced people in Yola, Nigeria, Thursday. (AP Photo)
 
Blood stains the floor of the accident and emergency ward of the Nassarawa Specilist hospital as victims of twin suicide blasts at Kano central mosque in northern Nigeria's largest city of Kano are treated on Friday. (AFP Photo)
 

IPTL: Indian Aces continue winning run  hand Manila Mavericks 24-15maulingBy: Press Trust of India | Manila |
Posted: November 29, 2014 9:12 pm
Indian Aces continued their winning run as they beat Manila Mavericks 24-15 on the second day of the much talked about International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) in Manila on Saturday.
Having started their campaign by defeating Singapore Slammers, Indian aces on Saturday strengthened their position by outplaying star-studded Mavericks side.
Opting to serve first, Mavericks captain Treay Huey decided to begin the match with legend’s singles game and Fabrice Santoro of Indian Aces was scheduled to play Carlos Moya.
The Spanish legend, representing Mavericks, retired hurt with groin injury at 3-1 and was replaced by Daniel Nestor,
who Santoro easily beat 6-1.
The Manila boys — Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Filipino Treat Huey — then outplayed his fellow country mate Gael Monfils, partnering Rohan Bopanna 6-0 to give the Mavericks a 7-6 lead over the Indian team after the end of two sets.
The Aces, however, bounced back in the third set with Gael Monfils beating the only member of Big Four club, Andy
Murray 6-4.
After leading the set at 3-4, Murray succumbed to Monfils losing the three consecutive points and eventually the set. At the end of third set, the Mavericks trail 11-12.
In the clash between two stars pairs, India’s Sania Mirza and Bopanna mauled the top singles players, Maria Sharapova and Andy Murray brutally.
It is not always necessary that the two great singles players would make a good doubles team, and this was proved on
Saturday as the experienced Indian duo thrashed Sharapova and Murray 6-1 to give Aces an 18-12 lead.
Ana Ivanovic of Indian Aces then shut the door on Mavericks by getting the better of Sharapova 6-3.
After losing the mixed doubles match with huge margin, Sharapova lost her way in the singles match in the fifth and
final individual set.
Sharapova started off well with consecutive two aces down the line to hold the opening serve but the first break point
came in the third game with Ivanovic taking a 4-1 lead.
The Russian then broke Ivanovic in the sixth game but could not win the set and eventually lost the match.
Indian Aces will next face UAE Royals, who earlier on Saturday beat Singapore Slammers 3-2 in sets and 28-22 on game points.
The day started with the most-awaited match with the current men’s singles players — Marin Cilic of UAE Royals and
Tomas Berdych of Singapore Slammers — facing each other.
Cilic took an early lead by breaking Tomas in third game and extending it to 4-3, but Berdych tied it 4-4.
But another break of serve by Berdych helped Cilic defeat the Czech player 6-4.
In the men’s doubles, the Singapore pair of Berdych and Nick Kyrgios then toppled the doubles specialists Nenad
Zimonjic and Cilic of UAE 6-5 , to square the set 1-1.
Berdych and Kyrgios remained unbeaten in the tournament.
They were trailing a game point behind their opponents but remained rock-solid to win it in five-minutes tie-breaker.
UAE Royals once again took the upper hand when Kristina Mladenovic got the continued…

Raghuram Rajan changed views after becoming RBI guv: B NSrikrishnaBy: PTI | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 9:30 pm
Hitting back at RBI Governor for his views on Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC) recommendations, its Chairman B N Srikrishna today said Raghuram Rajan was once in favour of an appellate tribunal but changed his stance after moving to the central bank.
“In his 2009 report ‘A 100 Steps’, Dr Rajan wrote ‘regulatory action should be subject to appeal to the financial sector appellate tribunals’,” Srikrishna said while adding this report was a guiding light for the Commission.
The FSLRC had suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has recommended setting up a unified Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT) that would hear all appeals against financial sector regulators.
It had also suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising SEBI, IRDA, FMC and part of RBI.
Rajan had earlier in June had criticised FSLRC recommendations as “somewhat schizophrenic”.
“On the one hand, it emphasises synergies in bringing together some regulators into one entity. But in the process it suggests breaking up other regulators, with attendant loss of synergies,” Rajan had said.
Noting that frictions are welcome and good for liberal democracy, Srikrishna said “reforms unsettles the powerful, hence it ruffles feathers, but it is necessary and must be done”.
Pitching for a change, he said: “Parts of our regulatory machinery have become brittle, fragile or worse completely irrelevant and utterly useless if not downright harmful to our own interest. It is this concern which motivated the proposed reforms,” he said, highlighting the need to change.
Calling for the need to move away from the reliance on “jugaad”, Srikrishna said, “we must reform in anticipation of future crisis, not only in response to past ones.”
He said our institutions need to be truly world class if we aspire for an exponential growth in our economy in the next 15-20 years.

Gujarat gears up LGBT pride march in Vadodara AhmedabadBy: Express News Service | Ahmedabad |
Posted: November 29, 2014 9:25 pm
Around 500 people are all set to take part in one of the biggest LGBT(lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender) Pride March to be held on Monday (December 1) in Ahmedabad which is also celebrated as the World Aids Day. While the march is being held for the second time in the city, it will witness members of the LGBT community from various cities take to the streets to sensitise people on HIV-related issues and the community also aims to make a pitch for their rights including repealing the Section 377.
The Ahmedabad LGBT Pride March walk on Monday which will start from Bata House to Income Tax six roads has been organised by Swavlambi Chuval Mandal and is expected to bring together members of around 15 NGO’s in the city and also from Mumbai and other cities.
“As the city’s Mayor Minaxiben Patel is out of station, we are planning to call on AMC health committee chairman Shambhu Vataliya and two corporators from Navrangpura to flag off the pride march. While last year saw around 150 participants, this time we are expecting more than 500 people participating in the march,”said Falguni Prajapati, project officer of Swavlambi Chuval Gram Mandal,an NGO which works for LGBT rights in the city.
Incidentally Ahmedabad’s LGBT pride march follows Vadodara which witnessed a ‘gay pride march’ on Sunday evening between Genda circle to Chakli circle on the Race Course road. A two-day festival was held at Vadodara which included Kashish film festival organized by Kashish Mumbai International Queer Film Festival (KMIQFF) that featured some of the prominent films on LGBT issues from across the world. It was followed by musical performances by local bands at Swastik Auditorium at Ellora Park area in Vadodara and the LGBT pride march.
Incidentally, Surat was among the first cities in Gujarat to have held a pride walk in October last year, that was then followed up by similar walks held in Vadodara and Ahmedabad thereby putting Gujarat on the LGBT map of India.
“This is the first time we have organised a film festival to spread awareness among the general public about LGBT rights and issues faced by this community. Around 200 people from various cities and Vadodara will be taking part in the gay pride walk to sensitise people. Even as the LGBT community and NGO’s associated with them keep talking about HIV, we felt that these numbers are increasing and that more sensitization is required. However the march in both cities (Vadodara and Ahmedabad) would be ‘rights-based’ where we would be sensitizing people about Section 377. Many of LGBT-related issues are being are made into crimes. It is our right to get physically or emotionally attached to people and it is also part of human rights that we are asking for which we hope to communicate through these events,” said Ankur Patil from Foram Foundation, an NGO in Vadodara.

Cricket: Israeli umpire killed after ball strikes him in thefaceBy: Reuters | Jerusalem |
Posted: November 29, 2014 11:01 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 9:42 am
An umpire standing in a cricket match in the Israeli city of Ashdod was killed after being struck by a ball on Saturday, Israeli police said.
Police said the 60-year-old umpire, who was not named, was taken to hospital in the nearby town of Ashkelon in critical condition where he died of his injuries.
One of the players who witnessed the incident told the Nana10 website that the umpire, standing at the bowler’s end, was struck by the ball in his face after it ricocheted off the stumps from a shot that came straight back down the pitch.
The death came two days after Australian batsman Phillip Hughes died in hospital after being struck by a ball during a domestic first-class match in Sydney.
Cricket is not a major sport in Israel but Ashdod is one of the main centres for the sport where a large number of Jewish immigrants from India live.

Removal of import curbs to improve official supplies: World GoldCouncilBy: PTI | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:27 pm
With the easing of gold import restrictions, the metal’s supply through official channels will improve and benefit genuine exporters and manufacturers of gold jewellery, World Gold Council said.
The government yesterday scrapped a scheme under which it was mandatory for importers to export 20 per cent of the gold they imported. It was put in place in August 2013 to check high gold imports that had widened the current account deficit.
Welcoming the government’s surprise move, WGC India Managing Director Somasundaram PR said: “The timing of this development though surprising, will definitely boost confidence in general, and in the jewellery industry, in particular.
“The official supply situation must now ease to the benefit genuine exporters and manufacturers of gold jewellery.”
The sharp gold imports in recent months were not triggered by changes in demand estimates but were more likely due to expectation of additional curbs, he added.
Asserting that India should move beyond curbs on gold imports, Somasundaram said: “It is time to re-engage all stakeholders to develop a coherent long term policy on gold that is aligned to the national growth objectives.
“It is imperative, that we find ways of mobilising and monetising the household savings embedded in gold stocks through the formal financial sector for the benefit of the economy as a whole.”
The discussions must focus on how the industry can contribute to the country’s prosperity in the next five years, he added.
WGC maintained that gold demand in India, the world’s largest consumer, in 2014 would be in the 850-950 tonnes range, slightly lower than last year.
 

Govt to soon implement many FSLRC recommendations  says ArunJaitleyBy: PTI | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:23 pm
The government will soon implement a large number of legislative and administrative recommendations of the Financial Sector Reforms Commission (FSLRC), which had suggested a major overhauling of financial sector regulations.
“As the change in process of reform continues … I have not the least doubt that a large number of these (FSLRC) recommendations will actually see implementation in the days to come,” Finance Minister Arun Jaitely said at a seminar organised by the ICSI.
The Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC), chaired by Justice B N Srikrishna, has suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising SEBI, IRDA, FMC and part of RBI.
Jaitely said four different groups are studying the report and the implementation of the suggestions would require legislative as well as administrative changes.
FSLRC, which submitted its report to the government in March last year, has also given a draft legislation for putting in place an Indian Financial Code (IFC).
Various stakeholders, including RBI, are opposed to certain proposals under the IFC.
Jaitley said, “Some legislative changes will also be required. I think with a combination of these administrative and legislative changes, the professional regulatory mechanism will come to stay.”
The country, Jaitley said, has moved away from state- regulated mechanism to a mechanism where the market is trusted and there are professional regulators to deal with issues in sectors concerned .
“We need to learn, not only from the best practices in India, but from the best global practices. And the Commission’s report is an extremely important step in that direction. Under the present circumstances, there are lots of changes which are required,” he said.
The recommendations of the FSLRC are divided into legislative and non-legislative aspects.
It has recommended a seven-agency structure for the financial sector — the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Unified Financial Agency (UFA),
Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT), Resolution Corporation (RC), Financial Redressal Agency (FRA), Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC) and Public Debt Management Agency (PDMA).

Danny Welbecks header gives Arsenal 1-0 win over WestBromBy: Associated Press | West Bromwich |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:21 pm
Danny Welbeck’s powerful header gave Arsenal a 1-0 victory over West Bromwich Albion on Saturday as the London club hit back after back-to-back Premier League losses.
Welbeck scored in the 60th minute when Santi Cazorla ran toward the byline and chipped it back in front of goal.
Welbeck soared above the West Brom defense and headed past Ben Foster despite the goalkeeper getting a hand to the ball.
“The clean sheet is very important and we always believed in ourselves to score goals so it was a vital three points for us,” Welbeck said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger praised Cazorla for setting up Welbeck and securing the win, which leaves Arsenal fighting for a place in the Premier League’s top four with 20 points after 13 matches.
“Cazorla’s class got us that goal,” Wenger said. “He had a few opportunities in the first half. He cannot finish at the moment, but in providing he is still top class.”
For West Brom, it was a third successive loss and the team failed to score in all three defeats. The team sits close to the relegation zone with 13 points.
The Baggies did, however, give Arsenal a couple of scares toward the end at the Hawthorns. Saido Berahino’s header crashed against the crossbar in the 81st and a shot by Craig Gardner flashed just wide of the near post in the 90th.
Berahino started the match despite being charged with drunk driving and not informing his club about it until around a month later.
Arsenal’s win came after a 2-0 victory against Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League on Wednesday. Prior to that win, Arsenal lost to Manchester United and Swansea in the league.
Midfielder Aaron Ramsey hopes the team can now generate momentum after two consecutive clean sheets.
“It was important to build on midweek and keep this run going and it is nice to win again,” Ramsey said. “It was never going to be easy with the quick turnaround but we did well, we dug in and got the three points.

Pune City FC display spirit  hold Atletico de Kolkata to 1-1drawBy: Press Trust of India | Pune |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:04 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:12 pm
Atletico de Kolkata’s erratic run in their away matches continued as a spirited Pune City FC held them to a 1-1 draw in an 11th round encounter of the Indian Super League, in Pune on Saturday.
Jakub Podany’s 11th strike for ATK was neutralised by Pune’s Greek World Cupper Kostas Katsouranis during the dying moments of the first half as the Kolkata outfit remained firmly in contention for a berth in the semi-finals.
ATK remain in second place in the eight-team table with 17 points from 11 games while Pune are seventh in the table
with 13 points despite being on even keel with Delhi Dynamos and NorthEast United. The reason being their inferior goal difference.
ATK, who were desperate for their fifth victory again fumbled in an away match. Their last victory in an away game
came more than a month ago in Goa.
The visitors got the lead against the run of play in the 11th minute when India U-23 defender Pritam Kotal misjudged a long ball and ATK skipper Luis Garcia sent a measured cross for Podany, who timed his jump to perfection nodding the ball home.
It was a match where ATK coach Antonio Habas made as many as five changes and one of them Podany — a former Sparta Prague left-winger vindicated his coach’s decision.
ATK’s giant custodian Edel Bete had a good match as he pulled off couple lovely saves on either side of the break to
avert danger.
Hungarian Krtian Vadocz took a crack at goal in the 30th minute but the 6feet 5 inches tall Bete was equal to the task.
Pune could have equalized in the 34th minute when Kostas failed to angle a low assist delivered by Jermaine Penant as it was foiled by Bete.
Pune finally got the equalizer in the first minute of stoppage time in the first half. It was corner which ATK defence couldn’t clear properly and Pune skipper Cirillo sent it back in the melee.
With Dudu Omagbemi pressing hard, Spanish defender Josemi’s head went as far as a lurking Kostas, whose powerful shot restored parity. This was Kostas’ fourth goal in the cash-rich league.
The Greek mideo could have added a fifth goal to his tally had Bete not dived full stretch to fist a powerful punch
which was directed towards the top corner of the net.

