Advocate Health Care and NorthShore to mergeAdvocate Health Care and NorthShore to merge
Advocate and NorthShore to merge
Advocate Health Care and NorthShore to merge
Advocate Health Care and NorthShore to merge
Health system megamerger shakes up Chicago's hospital market.
Advocate Health Care and NorthShore to combine into 16-hospital health system in Chicago.
The biggest hospital merger in Illinois in recent years has been announced.
Two of Chicago's largest hospital systems on Thursday approved plans to combine, creating a 16-hospital, $6.8 billion system that promises to change the competitive landscape of health care in the Chicago region.
Advocate Health Care, the state's largest hospital system, and NorthShore University HealthSystem, the dominant hospital chain in the North Shore suburbs, said Thursday they will merge to create Advocate NorthShore Health Partners in a deal that's expected to close in early 2015.
The blockbuster deal is the largest hospital merger in Illinois in recent years, a trend set in motion by the federal Affordable Care Act and fueled in part by declining hospital patient volume and tighter finances.
It will create the 11th-largest nonprofit health system in the country and by the far the largest in Illinois, with more than 45,000 employees and 4,438 hospital beds.
Health care systems set to merge Read the story
"This is a huge win for Advocate. It's an incredible coup to lock up NorthShore. It's a great market and it's a great system," said Jordan Shields, a vice president at Juniper Advisory, a Chicago-based investment bank that provides merger and acquisition services to hospital systems.
The deal, Shields said, "is going to shake people. What this does is change the gravity in the metropolitan area."
Combined, the new health system will serve an estimated 3 million patients a year at more than 350 facilities including hospitals, clinics, doctors' offices and outpatient centers.
Both health systems' boards voted unanimously this week to approve the deal, which also will unite two of the region's largest medical groups, giving Advocate NorthShore more than 2,000 employed physicians.
The deal still requires approval from the United Church of Christ, which is affiliated with Advocate; the Federal Trade Commission; and state regulators.
8
Under terms of the merger, both health systems will contribute six members of a 12-member board of directors. Jim Skogsbergh, president and chief executive officer of Advocate, and NorthShore CEO Mark Neaman will be co-CEOs of the combined enterprise.
The agreement calls for Neaman to step aside after two years, leaving Skogsbergh as the lone chief executive. The new organization's 11-person executive team will include leaders from both systems.
"These are two great organizations coming together, and we intend to see it continue to grow and be successful in the future," Skogsbergh said. "For patients, it means better health outcomes, a safer hospital environment, lower costs and improved access."
The decision by Advocate, which booked just under $5 billion in revenue in its most-recent fiscal year, and NorthShore, which reported $1.8 billion in revenue, to combine represents a continuation of the consolidation of the Chicago hospital market and reflects growing pressure on hospitals' finances that has nudged longtime competitors to pair up.
Even after the deal is completed, the new system will control less than 25 percent of the local health care market, which remains fragmented compared with other metro areas, despite a spate of mergers in recent years. Skogsbergh said the two systems anticipate the FTC will review the proposed transaction but are confident the deal will be approved.
A merger of this magnitude, however, is a major shake-up in the Chicago market that will force competing hospital systems and insurance companies to re-evaluate their businesses.
"This will probably trigger another set of consolidations; it's bound to occur," said Michael Sachs, chairman of Sg2, a Skokie-based health care consulting firm.
The deal represents a consolidation of market power for Advocate, particularly in the northern suburbs, which have a prized demographic of well-paying customers.
cComments
NorthShore has successfully monopolized the physician and hospital trade on the North Shore. It has bought up almost all of the physician practices and all of the potentially competing hospitals and clinics. Advocate represented the last competitive source of medical care in the northern...
Miner49er
9
It also will allow the health system to broaden its geographic coverage, a key component in creating larger, more integrated networks of hospitals and physicians that executives believe will help lower costs and improve patient care.
The merger also will enhance Advocate's buying power with suppliers and market clout with insurers at a time when hospital patient volumes are declining and payments from government and commercial insurance are under pressure.
Skogsbergh said the enhanced geographic spread that the NorthShore merger offers was a prime consideration in Advocate's decision to pursue the combination because it would position Advocate as a more attractive network for insurance companies and employers.
NorthShore, with its historically strong balance sheet and four acute-care hospitals in Evanston, Skokie, Glenview and Highland Park, was among the most-coveted systems in Chicagoland.
This is a huge win for Advocate. It's an incredible coup to lock up NorthShore. - Jordan Shields, a vice president at Juniper Advisory
The mostly wealthy North Shore suburbs it serves are lucrative for health care providers because they boast large concentrations of patients with commercial health insurance coverage, which tends to pay better than government programs like Medicare and Medicaid.
Further, it is widely recognized as a well-run, efficient enterprise. Those factors made it an appealing partner for Advocate.
Skogsbergh acknowledged the potential for layoffs because of "a fair amount of redundancy across the two organizations."
"As we eliminate and reduce that redundancy, we'll reduce costs," he said. "Both organizations are aggressively managing costs today. If we reduce our workforce, it will be (primarily) through normal attrition and turnover."
Both systems intend to maintain their teaching relationships: NorthShore's with the University of Chicago and Advocate's with the University of Illinois, Midwestern University and Rosalind Franklin University. NorthShore also intends to maintain its clinical relationship with Minnesota-based Mayo Clinic. Advocate has a similar arrangement with Houston-based MD Anderson Cancer Center that will not be renewed.
NorthShore has been locked in fierce competition with Northwestern Medicine, which completed a merger Sept. 1 with Cadence Health, a two-hospital system in the western suburbs.
Northwestern, which recently announced plans to overhaul its Lake Forest Hospital, continues to push deeper into the northern suburbs. It has opened a series of health clinics between its flagship hospital, in Chicago's Streeterville neighborhood, and the northern suburbs in an attempt to broaden its reach and serve patients closer to where they live.
Northwestern declined to comment.
Neaman and Skogsbergh had been talking about a potential partnership for several years, but it wasn't until Neaman brought the issue to the table a few months ago that the talks gained traction.
With all of the changes in health care, "it became very apparent that we needed partners who could help us with things that we don't do as well ourselves," Neaman said, pointing to Advocate's deep experience in managed care, its broad geographic reach and its larger scale. "We thought the time was right, so we said, 'Let's go for it.'"

See Industrial Output Growth at Over 4 Per Cent in FY15: Axis BankYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
See Industrial Output Growth at Over 4 Per Cent in FY15: Axis Bank
Published On:                  September 15, 2014                 | Duration: 18 min, 11 sec

Prefer Private Sector Banks: CLSAYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Prefer Private Sector Banks: CLSA
Published On:                  September 16, 2014                 | Duration: 17 min, 27 sec
Tweet
In an exclusive conversation on the sidelines of the 21st CLSA Hong Kong forum, Aashish Agarwal, head of research of the brokerage and investment group, said it still continues to prefer private bank over PSU banks . Top Picks of CLSA are ICICI Bank , Axis Bank and IndusInd Bank.

Credit Offtake Very Weak: SBIYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Credit Offtake Very Weak: SBI
Published On:                  September 16, 2014                 | Duration: 4 min, 18 sec

Perception About India Has Changed: CLSAYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Perception About India Has Changed: CLSA
Published On:                  September 15, 2014                 | Duration: 26 min, 23 sec
Tweet
In an exclusive conversation with NDTV Profit, Mahesh Nandurkar, executive director (Asia-Pacific Markets) at CLSA, spoke on the sidelines of the 21st CLSA HK Forum. He said that India has been the best performing emerging market year to date and will see over 22 companies participating in the conference.

Indian IT small-cap 8K Miles jumps on fund buyingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

True profits and published profitsBlog guide
Hello!
I’m Andrew Smithers; I studied economics at Cambridge and used to run the fund management business at S G Warburg which became Mercury Asset Management and is now BlackRock.
I set up Smithers & Co in 1989 as an economics consultancy. Much of the comments on economics and markets that I read as a fund manager struck me as nonsense and I have had great fun in pointing this out to clients over the years.
I now have the opportunity to disseminate my views more widely and hope that this will amuse and inform readers.
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
Andrew Smithers, Chairman, founded Smithers & Co., a leading advisor to investment managers on international asset allocation, in 1989.
Prior to starting Smithers & Co., Andrew was at S.G. Warburg from 1962 to 1989. He has been a regular contributor to the London Evening Standard, Sentaku Magazine and the Nikkei Veritas. His OpEd pieces are included periodically in the Financial Times.
He is co-author of Valuing Wall Street with Stephen Wright, published in 2000, and Japan’s Challenges for the 21st Century with David Asher, published in 1999. His book Wall Street Revalued - Imperfect Markets and Inept Central Bankers was published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. in July, 2009. He is also the author of Chapter 6, “Can We Identify Bubbles and Stabilize the System?” in The Future of Finance: The LSE Report, published by The London School of Economics and Political Science in September, 2010. His latest book is The Road to Recovery: How and Why Economic Policy Must Change (2013).
Andrew is a Trustee of the Daiwa Anglo-Japanese Foundation and a Fellow of CFA (UK).
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .
The month's most popular posts

Capitals 2014-15 camp preview: GoaliesBrandon Anderson (Reading Royals), Cody Reichard (Iowa/Fort Wayne/Utah/Orlando in AHL/ECHL).
INJURIES
Pasquale and Anderson are both recovering from hip injuries, though only Pasquale is listed under Team TBD on Washington’s training camp roster.
THREE THINGS TO WATCH
1) The Mitch Korn effect: After a summer of endless stories ( we played a small role ) and folks ogling his training props, goaltending coach Mitch Korn enters training camp with plenty of pressure to succeed. He was brought aboard, lured back from thoughts of retirement by his close friend, Coach Barry Trotz, to help stabilize Holtby and ensure the Capitals get the version that went 8-2-2 over his final 14 games, and not the one who struggled with his confidence amid style changes and benchings by since-fired coach Adam Oates.
Holtby and Korn have already bonded on their vision training trip to Minnesota , and the seemingly endless treasure trove of on-ice tools  has already kept Washington’s anointed starter on his toes during offseason workouts. And since the Capitals have taken care to assure everyone that Holtby is their No. 1 option, there should be no controversy in camp — just props.
“On the ice, it’s more to build the trust factor between both of us,” Holtby said. “He knows that if he tells me something I’m not going to take it personal ever, and I know I can talk to him about anything and find the best solution together.”
2) Health of the minor-leaguers: The Capitals are carrying eight goaltenders into training camp, one more than last season, and brought aboard AHL/ECHL netminder Cody Reichard as an extra body. Both Pasquale and Anderson have experienced hip issues this summer, Korn said, and Pasquale in particular might be sidelined well into camp.
“We just want to make sure they’re ready to go,” Trotz said recently. “We’ll just be real cautious. If one of them, or two of them can’t go, we may look at bringing another guy just for a few days, for health purposes. I think Pasquale will probably miss a good part of the start of camp, for sure.”
The Capitals traded for Pasquale during the 2014 draft, assuming he could serve as the No. 2 in Hershey, but his injury could crack the door for a younger option like Copley. Which leads us to this…
3) Rise of the Pheonix: Save defenseman Tyler Lewington, no Capitals prospect helped himself more during their rookie game versus Philadelphia than Copley, who posted a shutout and withstood two power plays before exiting midway through the second period. His placement this season somewhat hinges on Pasquale’s health, and the ceiling would be backing up Philipp Grubauer in Hershey, but Copley should see meaningful preseason action, enough time for the Capitals to tell how the Michigan Tech product can handle NHL-level shots.
“You want to build off this and take this into training camp and build off what happened out here,” Copley said after the rookie game. “Just the game situations and the shots you face in games that you don’t face in practices and the environment, finally getting in the game. It’s been a long summer.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Bullish on Maruti  Target at Rs 3 200: Prabhudas LilladherYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Bullish on Maruti, Target at Rs 3,200: Prabhudas Lilladher
Published On:                  September 18, 2014                 | Duration: 9 min, 36 sec
Tweet
Ajay Bodke, head of investment strategy and advisory at Prabhudas Lilladher, said Maruti offers a good entry point on dips. We expect Maruti’s revenue to rise 15 per cent and bottomline nearly 27 per cent for the year, he added.

Court asks pharma cos  Centre to resolve drug pricing issueNEW DELHI, September 19, 2014
Updated: September 19, 2014 00:16 IST
Court asks pharma cos, Centre to resolve drug pricing issue
medicine
The Delhi High Court, on Thursday, asked the pharmaceutical companies, including Novartis India and Cipla, to hold a meeting with the Union Government and try to resolve the issue of implementing the revised drug pricing.
A bench of Justice B D Ahmed and Justice Vibhu Bakhru said representatives of the pharma companies hold a meeting with the Director of the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA), the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers, to settle the matter ‘once and for ever’.
“You have meeting with the Director, NPPA, and come back in October. We expect the meeting shall take place and be concluded before the next date of hearing. You should try to resolve the issue once and forever. We are also tired of hearing it,” the court said.
The court has fixed the matter for hearing on October 30.
The court’s suggestion came while hearing a bunch of petitions moved by the pharmaceutical companies and an association of medicine manufacturing companies challenging the government’s new drug pricing order that asked them to slash prices of 348 medicines.
During the hearing, the pharma companies suggested that prominent boards of the revised drug prices could be displayed by retailers and chemists to inform the customers as calling back all the stocks and relabelling them was not feasible.
However, Additional Solicitor General Sanjay Jain was not in agreement with the proposal and suggested an alternative of shipping stickers of revised prices to retailers who can then affix the same on the drugs.
The pharma companies did not agree with the ASG’s suggestion and termed it as impractical.
As both the parties were not agreeing with each other’s suggestion, the court directed them to hold a meeting.
The firms have also challenged the provisions of the 2013 Drug Price Control Order (DPCO) of NPPA that had asked them to replace stocks in the market with those carrying reduced prices within 45 days of new price notification.
Besides Novartis, the Indian arm of Swiss firm Novartis AG, pharma firms Wockhardt, Lupin, Intas Pharmaceuticals, Alembic Pharma- ceuticals, Sandoz Private Limited and Chiron Behring Vaccines Private Limited had approached the court against the new drugs pricing order.
Earlier, Cipla and four other companies had moved the court against the 2013 DCPO. — PTI

Savaging Google and American capitalism© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/821c09c2-3e76-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Europe fails to catch US biotech bullsEurope struggles to catch US biotech bulls
By Andrew Ward and Arash Massoudi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f389094-3f25-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Almost $4bn has been raised by US biotech groups this year  while in Europe the figure is just $1.4bnEurope struggles to catch US biotech bulls
By Andrew Ward and Arash Massoudi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f389094-3f25-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US vs UK - who hikes interest rates firstShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
US vs UK - who hikes first?
Sep 18, 2014 : James McCormack, of Fitch Ratings, talks to the FT’s Josh Noble about prospects for the world economy against a backdrop of expected UK and US interest rate rises, deflation in the EU and Japan, and a hard landing in China.
Credits: Filmed and produced by Tom Griggs.

The latest news and reviews from the catwalksLife & Arts
a la mode
Detailed coverage from the catwalks of this season’s fashion shows in London, Paris, New York and Milan
PARIS FASHION WEEK

Start-up plays to Chinas ecommerce market© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df4f9a3e-3f00-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Export Now shepherds foreign brands on to Alibabas Tmall site© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df4f9a3e-3f00-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

World population may hit 11 billion by 2100: studyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Alibaba cash could fund small spending spree at YahooE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Envoys of 11 nations to attend Global Investors Summit in Madhya PradeshE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Catalans stay defiant after Scottish voteCatalans remain defiant after Scottish vote
By Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a01dd612-3fd4-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scots have revived the majesty of democracySeptember 19, 2014 11:23 am
Scots have revived the majesty of democracy
By Michael Ignatieff
©Reuters
An Israeli friend and I were awaiting returns of the Scottish referendum in an Amsterdam bar last night, when he remarked: “I never used to believe in deliberative democracy. Look at the Scots. Now I do.”
Whatever else the referendum meant for participants – a grinding disappointment for the Yes campaign , euphoric relief for the No – for those who could only watch from bars in foreign countries, it aroused deep emotions about democracy. Here was a people deliberating together, figuring out its collective destiny, making a choice it knew was historic. Popular sovereignty recovered its majesty.
The FT’s A-List
The A-List provides timely, insightful comment on the topics that matter, from globally renowned leaders, policy makers and commentators
Scotland made this bystander remember all the places in the world where such possibilities of deliberation have been shut down: by the Anschluss in Crimea, by the bloodshed that now makes free democratic choice in eastern Ukraine so unlikely; and in Tibet, where there is no chance of free choice, not now, not ever.
So at a time when disillusion with liberal democracy is endemic in many a country lucky enough to be one, it was a night when 16-year-old Scots, voting for the first time, reminded us once again why the exercise of public freedom is a good beyond price. In a world where authoritarian capitalism is consolidating itself from Shanghai to the Polish border, from Murmansk to Afghanistan, it was good to see how a people comes alive when given the chance to exercise both the private freedoms of capitalist consumption and the public freedoms of democratic life.
More

Kazuo Hirais struggle to turnround the giantSeptember 19, 2014 12:34 pm
Kazuo Hirai struggles to reignite Sony’s spark
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5a88c3a-3fd5-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Crushing the competition  at any priceCrushing the competition – at any price
By Tim Harford
It was Selten’s chain store paradox that first attracted me to economics, with a heady mixture of logic, psychology and military strategy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b7f4a4e6-3ec1-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

This is no time for triumphalismSeptember 19, 2014 9:27 am
Scotland votes to preserve the union
The work of constitutional change for the United Kingdom is not over
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/306827ca-3fd2-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola outbreak in the U.S. Probably not happening.By Abby Phillip September 19 Follow @abbydphillip
An Ivorian worker from the National Public Health Institute takes a man's temperature at the Felix Houphouet Boigny International airport in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. (Legnan Koula/European Pressphoto Agency)
So far, other than a few patients evacuated by air ambulance from West Africa , there have been no known cases of Ebola-infected people traveling from that region to other parts of the world. But could that luck be running out?
Every month, week and day that the Ebola epidemic continues to rage, the chances of exportation to other countries increases. But at the moment, the likelihood of an Ebola victim landing, unchecked, in the United States is fairly small, according to researchers who have run computer simulations of air travel between affected countries and other parts of the world.
If the deadliest outbreak in history continues at its current pace, the probability of an exportation of Ebola to the United States by the end of September is between 3 and 15 percent, according to Alessandro Vespignani, a Northeastern University professor whose team has been continuously updating its model.
That range, Vespignani said, reflects the the best- and worst-case scenarios.
"These are relatively small probabilities," Vespignani said in an interview this week. "If we have very good screening procedures, then the probability could be less. If we consider the worst-case scenario, we have basically a 15 percent probability."
Vespignani said his team's calculations jibe with what several other Ebola-modeling groups have found -- that the United States is at risk, but that chance of the deadly virus spreading here is fairly small.
Speaking at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Tuesday, President Obama said U.S. health officials "agree that the chances of an Ebola outbreak here ... are extremely low. We've been taking the necessary precautions, including working with countries in West Africa to increase screening at airports so that someone with the virus doesn't get on a plane for the United States.
"In the unlikely event that someone with Ebola does reach our shores ... more labs across our country now have the capacity to quickly test for the virus. We're working with hospitals to make sure that they are prepared, and to ensure that our doctors, our nurses and our medical staff are trained, are ready, and are able to deal with a possible case safely."
At a Senate hearing the same day Obama was in Atlanta, Beth Bell, director of the CDC's National Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases, emphasized that the agency does not consider Ebola to be a "significant public health threat" to the United States.
Should an infected traveler arrive in the United States, Bell said, "we are confident that our public health and health care systems can prevent an Ebola outbreak here."
(Northeastern University/MOBS Lab)
America's fail-safe against an Ebola outbreak starts with foreign airports. Bell said the CDC has already worked with countries experiencing active Ebola outbreaks -- Liberia, Sierra Leone, Guinea, Nigeria and Senegal -- to step up their screening of passengers leaving their countries before they board planes to other parts of the world. Similar training has also been extended to Transportation Safety Administration agents at U.S. airports.
The CDC also has quarantine stations in major U.S. airports that are designed to isolate cases of infectious disease.
The effort by the CDC, along with the Department of Health and Human Services, to prepare hospitals and healthcare workers for a potential outbreak has been ongoing since July, a spokesman for HHS said. That includes regular conference and coordination calls and webinars with state health officials and doctors.
The U.S. government is also trying to control another, more important factor: the pace of the outbreak in Africa. President Obama's announcement this week that the U.S. military would help lead an effort to bring the outbreak under control comes weeks after it became clear that the growth of the rate of Ebola infections was escalating exponentially.
Vespignani said that if that trend continues -- or worse, if it escalates -- the probability of an exportation of Ebola to the United States can increase rapidly. So far, the virus has infected 5,335 people in West Africa and caused 2,622 deaths, the WHO said Thursday .
Earlier this week, WHO Assistant Director General Bruce Aylward said Ebola's toll has doubled in the past month. And, the WHO warned, the number of cases could start doubling every three weeks.
"If the epidemic continues at this growth rate and produces more and more cases, obviously the probably increases with time," Vespignani said of the likelihood of Ebola spreading to the United States. "That means that in October, it would be 20 percent or more, and then it will grow. The probability is increasing."
If a non-symptomatic passenger boards a U.S.-bound plane and later develops symptoms of Ebola, Vespignani and others agree that it probably wouldn't constitute an outbreak, since the person and their contacts would be quickly identified and quarantined.
The spread of Ebola in West Africa is largely driven by an inability to treat sick patients because there aren't enough doctors, health facilities or supplies, along with the difficult task of tracking down the people who have come into contact with Ebola victims.
In the United States. those issues are not a concern.
"The extent of the outbreak is very, very small," Vespignani said of his projections. "It is generally less than four cases in the U.S."
RELATED:

Mix the news: Latin music beyond cheesy salsaBy Helena Andrews September 19 Follow @helena_andrews
Percussionist Tito Puente at a performance celebrating the 200th birthday Library of Congress in 2000. (MICHAEL WILLIAMSON/TWP)
Monday marked the beginning of National Hispanic Heritage Month, which runs to Oct. 15.  Why in the middle of the month? The celebration started as just one week in 1968. Twenty years later, President Ronald Reagan decided 30 days made more sense.
Keeping that theme of expansion in mind, we asked Jim Thomson, the booker credited with turning U Street’s Tropicalia club into a hotspot for global beats, to tell us about more than a week’s worth of Latin music. In this week’s mix, Thomson goes beyond “cheesy salsa romantica” and even throws in a little ñu-cumbia.
1. “Soul Drummers” — Ray Barretto
“You know it’s all dance floor business when you hear the life-affirming conga rhythm and someone scream, ‘Yeah, baby!’ This song is a pure adrenaline rush from the one they called Hard Hands.”
2. “Trocitos de Madera” — La Yegros
“This Argentine has been called the first lady of the ñu-cumbia and this song explains why. In it the feel of traditional cumbia percolates beneath a pulsing tropical bass underpinning with assured vocals. Plus, it’s got a pop hook that’s simply irresistible.”
3. “Cuando Te Vea” – Tito Puente
“One of Tito Puente’s finest moments as the mambo king. But it’s the classy, buttery vocals of Santos Colan that always draw me into this classic. He floats through this big band arrangement like a true songbird.”
4. “Fuego A La Jicotea” – Marvin Santiago
“Pure Puerto Rican 70s salsa and that wasn’t on Fania Records. When two of my best Puerto Rican friends were making me mix tapes of salsa, this was top of the list. It’s hard hitting, runs like a race car, and has an absolutely killer arrangement. Marvin Santiago also had a bit of a bad boy persona like Johnny Cash. He recorded a live record while he was in prison called ‘Adentro.’”
5. “Mi Swing Es Tropical” – Quantic and Nickodemus featuring the Candela All-stars
“To me this song sums up everything that’s great about life. It exudes happiness without having to instruct you to be happy or even mention happiness. While both Quantic and Nickodemus are capable of producing bangers, what I like about this collaboration is their restraint. It beckons, it builds to a nice arc, and the horns and minimal guitar keep sprinkling the perfect amount of chili powder on the mix.”
6. “La Via” — Bio Ritmo
“Richmond, Virginia’s Bio Ritmo have aged like a fine vintage for consumption today. Hard to believe this song was released this year. It’s got all the elements of a classic 70s salsa with the experimentation that I favored from the likes of Eddie Palmieri, Sonora Ponceña and Roberto Roena. It gives me hope that a group like this exists after surviving years of cheesy salsa romantica.”
7. “Guns of Brixton” – Chicha Libre
“Chicha revivalists based in Brooklyn, Chicha Libre, did a great take on this classic by The Clash. I love the dubby production  – a psychedelic accordion and surf guitar set to a cumbia backbeat that could have been produced by King Tubby.
8. “Calabongo (Thornato Remix)” – Son Palenque
“Co-host of New York City’s Que Bajo parties, Geko Jones and co-producer Atropolis released this song last year on a compilation of remixes mined from the vaults of Colombian label, Palenque Records. The hypnotic, repetitive guitar line sounds like something you’d hear in West African highlife music. I’ve never heard the original, but it just goes to show that we still have a lot to learn from those that went before us if this music still sounds this good.”
Read more Reliable Source:

Matt Williams  Nationals coaches have a lineup card superstitionBy James Wagner September 19 Follow @jameswagnerwp
The Nationals’ coaching staff at spring training: (L-R) pitching coach Steve McCatty (54), bench coach Randy Knorr (53), manager Matt Williams (9), batting coach Rick Schu (39), third base coach Bob Henley (14), defensive coordination and advance coach Mark Weidemaier (49) (seated), bullpen coach Matthew LeCroy (24) and first base coach Tony Tarasco (32). (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
Before every game, a coach or the manager of each team meets the umpiring crew at home plate and both sides exchange lineup cards. On Thursday night in Miami, a few minutes before first pitch, Manager Matt Williams walked out of the dugout with the brochure-sized lineup card in hand and shook hands with the umpires. The day before in Atlanta, defensive coordinator and advance coach Mark Weidemaier took out the lineup card. Bench coach Randy Knorr and third base coach Bobby Henley have also done it, too.
Who does it before each game isn’t random. Baseball is filled with superstitions and this is one for the Nationals coaches.
“If you’re hot, you bring it up,” Knorr said. In other words: if the Nationals won the game you brought up the lineup card, you have to do again the next game.
“We’re not superstitious or anything,” Williams said with a grin.
Here’s how the system works. Hitting coach Rick Schu is in the indoor batting coaches with players just before game time so he’s busy. Pitching coach Steve McCatty and bullpen coach Matt LeCroy are in the bullpen watching that day’s starter warm up. So the Nats’ lineup rotation is Williams, Henley, Weidemaier and Knorr.
First base coach Tony Tarasco is free to take up the lineup card but rarely does it. He “told me that when we really need a win to give it to him,” Williams said. “I did and we lost so he’s not getting it again.”
Williams has the best luck with the lineup card delivery. Remember the magical 10-game winning streak that included five walk-offs in a six-game span? Williams delivered the lineup card before the first win and had to keep doing it each game after until they lost.
“That’s the current longest one,” Williams said proudly. “I started it and so that’s the record to beat.”
Weidemaier appears to be a close second to Williams in the lineup-card-delivery-to-win ratio, according to coaches. Weidemaier had a four-game winning streak that began in New York, continued in Atlanta and including the division title-clinching game. After him, in terms of success, rank Knorr and Henley.
“Obviously, you can tell I’m not very good at it because I don’t take it out anymore,” Knorr said, laughing. (Knorr’s best mark is a four-game winning streak.)
After a loss, a different coach than the day before is supposed to take up the lineup card. Williams is responsible for deciding who but he if he can’t he just hands the lineup card to Knorr and tells him to decide. “He can take it himself or he can delegate it,” Williams said.
And if a choice isn’t obvious, Knorr bites the bullet. “When nobody else wants to do it, I do it,” he said.
Weidemaier, in his first season as a major league coach, makes sure to have a clubhouse assistant snap a photo of him at home plate at every park in which he delivers the lineup card.
“It’s fun to do,” Weidemaier said. “And I’ve had a chance to do it at every park we’ve been at, which is really cool. Plus I get to know the umpires a little bit.”
Players have even asked Williams if they can take up the lineup card and, even though they’re allowed, Williams has refused. Only the coaches handle the lineup card delivery. It’s become such a competition among coaches that next season they may even do a better job of keeping records.
“I told them next year we’re going to keep track of it,” Knorr said. “Put it on the board, wins and losses for taking the lineup card.”
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

Irda imposes Rs 40 lakh fine on Aegon ReligareIrda imposes Rs 40 lakh fine on Aegon Religare
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 06:58 PM IST
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has imposed a fine of Rs 40 lakh on Aegon Religare Life Insurance for violation for violation of certain insurance laws.
Fine was imposed related to violation of rules regarding insurance brokers regulations, sharing of database for distribution of insurance products regulations among others.
The life insurer has been advised that a follow-up inspection would be conducted to confirm the various confirmations/assurances given by them and that all expenses for hiring of external agencies for this purpose would be borne by the insurer.

Obamas dangerous departure from realityBy Jennifer Rubin September 19 Follow @JRubinBlogger
President Obama is infamous for his high regard for himself and low opinion of just about everyone else. He infamously declared in 2008 , “I think that I’m a better speechwriter than my speechwriters. I know more about policies on any particular issue than my policy directors. And I’ll tell you right now that I’m gonna think I’m a better political director than my political director.” It turns out he didn’t know much about the Middle East, Russia or jihadism.
President Barack Obama gestures during a statement in the State Dining Room of the White House, on Thursday, Sept. 18, 2014, in Washington. Obama spoke after Congress voted to arm and train moderate Syrian rebels in the fight against the Islamic State group. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
It should come as no surprise then that he is at war with everyone who knows
better
less than he does, according to him. He is sparring with his military commanders who are forced to defend an unworkable strategy against the Islamic State that rests upon an imaginary Sunni ground force and U.S. air power alone, a formula that failed spectacularly in the failing state of Libya (including the deaths of four Americans). The Post reports :
Retired Marine Gen. James Mattis, who served under Obama until last year, became the latest high-profile skeptic on Thursday, telling the House Intelligence Committee that a blanket prohibition on ground combat was tying the military’s hands. “Half-hearted or tentative efforts, or airstrikes alone, can backfire on us and actually strengthen our foes’ credibility,” he said. “We may not wish to reassure our enemies in advance that they will not see American boots on the ground.”
Mattis’s comments came two days after Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, took the rare step of publicly suggesting that a policy already set by the commander in chief could be reconsidered.
Despite Obama’s promise that he would not deploy ground combat forces, Dempsey made clear that he didn’t want to rule out the possibility, if only to deploy small teams in limited circumstances. He also acknowledged that Army Gen. Lloyd Austin, the commander for the Middle East, had already recommended doing so in the case of at least one battle in Iraq but was overruled.
In fairness, freshmen Senators Rand Paul (R-Ky.) and Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) also disregard all these military experts, but they are not responsible for much of anything. Obama’s desire to live up to his political promise conflicts with coherent war strategy, so naturally the former prevails (‘the White House has struggled to reconcile that reality with its prior statements that Obama would not put ‘U.S. boots on the ground’ in Iraq”). Former secretary of Defense Robert Gates who wrote a book warning us of the president’s proclivities — only to be shunned by Obama spinners for sounding the alarm — is blunt and unsparing these days. (“‘There will be boots on the ground if there’s to be any hope of success in the strategy,’ Gates said in an interview with CBS News , adding that ‘the president in effect traps himself’ by repeating his mantra that he won’t send U.S. troops into combat.”)
That said, the intelligence community has not been a reassuring factor. They seem to get everything wrong — and that comes from director of national intelligence James Clapper. The Post’s David Ignatius quotes him as saying that “we underestimated ISIL [the Islamic State] and overestimated the fighting capability of the Iraqi army. . . . I didn’t see the collapse of the Iraqi security force in the north coming. I didn’t see that. It boils down to predicting the will to fight, which is an imponderable.” Imponderable? Maybe hiding in plain sight. He need not feel bad however since the president doesn’t let reality get in the way — and would not have acted differently even if Clapper had said what just about everyone who cared to know could: The Islamic State is a large, highly organized and well-armed force bent on displacing its neighbors and setting up it caliphate. (This does raise the question how why we should rely on the intelligence people to tell us when Iran is about to go nuclear; they seem to be the last to know.) In any other administration he might be fired; in this case missing danger signs is appreciated.
Jimmy Carter woke up to the Soviets ambitions when they invaded Afghanistan. But Obama isn’t going to let geopolitical realities get in the way. In his mind, Iran can be wooed, Israel is at fault for the “peace process” collapse, it was right to leave no troops in Iraq, Vladimir Putin is so 19th century and Somalia and Yemen are success stories. ( Yemen, really ? The latest from there: “[H]eavy fighting raged Thursday between the rebels and Sunni militias in Shamlan, a suburb also northwest of Sanaa that is home to the Iman Islamic university, an institution long viewed as a primary breeding ground for militias. . . . In addition to the Hawthi rebels, an al-Qaida branch in the south poses a constant threat as it tries to impose control over cities and towns. There is also a growing separatist movement in the south, a region that once constituted an independent state before it merged with northern Yemen.”)
No wonder the president is freaked out. We face a panoply of threats and a commander in chief who operates in a world of fantasy, essential to justify a string of horrendous policy misjudgments.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Scotland stays. Now whatPeople who voted against Scottish independence cheered as results were read, showing that a majority of voters had decided to keep Scotland in the United Kingdom. (AP)
Scottish voters have spoken: They are staying.
The union that has weathered 307 years of storms — if you didn’t quit right after the Victorian era, you’d think you wouldn’t quit at all — has survived a vote on the question of Scottish independence.
The turnout was extremely robust, in the neighborhood of 85 percent . (This is higher than you want your turnout to be, generally speaking. People carp about low turnout. But actually low turnout is good: It is a sign that the average citizen feels that, no matter who wins the election, there will be no Deep and Fundamental Alteration in the State of Things. That so many people turned out in Scotland for the secession referendum suggests what a serious upheaval leaving the United Kingdom would have been.)
Now, with the voting done and the crowds dispersed, the Lion and the Unicorn sit down in the dining room of the humble home they have officially shared for three hundred years, not including the reign of King James, a courtship period during which they were still feeling each other out.
A hush falls.
“Is there anything I can get you?” England asks. “Foot rub? More autonomy?”
Scotland ignores it.
“That kilt looks lovely,” England says. “Really lovely. Love kilts.” England’s fork clatters against its plate. “This haggis is great,” England adds. “I didn’t bring it up a lot during the referendum campaign but I was going to really miss it.”
“Thanks,” Scotland says, unenthusiastically.
“And the sound of bagpipes,” England says. “You look lovely today. Did I mention that? Your heaths especially. And bogs.”
“Calm down,” Scotland says.
“I know you’ve been threatening to leave for years,” England says. “But I didn’t think you’d really — I mean, other territories have come and gone, but I thought we were still strong. What we have is special, I thought.”
“Oh, a special relationship?” Scotland asks. “Like you have with the United States?”
“You know it’s not like that,” England says. “They haven’t been with us for almost 250 years. Listen, you’ve given us so much. Peter Capaldi, there’s a man. The poet Burns. Golf. Mel Gibson.”
“Are you just going to list things?” Scotland says. “I could do without you just listing things like that.”
“I just don’t want you to feel that I don’t notice and appreciate all that you do,” England says, moving the haggis around on its plate. “Because I do. James Macavoy, now there’s a fellow. John Loudon McAdam, the man with the nuts and the roads. And Macbeth. The Scottish play.”
“You’re just saying things with “Mac” in them,” Scotland says. “You could be guessing.”
“I’m not guessing!” England says. “I appreciate you. Think what I’d be without you. Where would we keep the royals during some seasons of the year?”
“Really?” Scotland says. “Balmoral? Really, that’s the first thing that occurred to you?”
“No,” England says. “Of course not. Other things occurred to me. I was trying for a note of levity.”
“Oh,” Scotland says. “Levity.”
“It would have been really awkward if you’d left,” England says, after a silence. “I mean, Ireland is its own island, so that made a certain sort of sense, but for you to go — it would have sent the wrong message. We would still be occupying the same space, and it really isn’t a huge island when you come right down to it, I say, what?”
“That’s true,” Scotland says.
“I mean, we’d still shop at the same places, and we share a border — I mean, you have to consider the border, it’s not going anywhere. At any rate, I intend not to take you for granted any longer. Things will be different. I want you to know that.”
“Do you mean that?” Scotland asks. “Do you really?”
“Oh yes,” England says. “You know I do. We’re the Lion and Unicorn, just like the poem. The lion and the unicorn were fighting for the crown–”
“I know the poem,” Scotland says. Scotland pours itself a large glass of Scotch and sips it, staring out the window. “I think I made the right decision. It just wasn’t a good time to leave, financially, and we’re stronger together.”
“Quite right,” England says, “Besides, if you’d gone, think what Wales might have done. Or Texas might get ideas.”
“You don’t seriously care about Texas, do you?”
“No,” England says. “I suppose not. But it’s the principle of the thing.”
Alexandra Petri writes the ComPost blog, offering a lighter take on the news and opinions of the day.

Alibaba shares open at $92.70 on NYSE; biggest IPO everAlibaba shares open at $92.70 on NYSE; biggest IPO ever
Mandolin Srinivas s first salary was Rs.175: BalasubrahmanyamMandolin Srinivas s first salary was Rs.175: Balasubrahmanyam
Law Commission Chairman opposed to SC benches elsewhereLaw Commission Chairman opposed to SC benches elsewhere
Jim Vance  WRC colleagues endorse Redskins QB Kirk CousinsBy Dan Steinberg September 19 Follow @dcsportsbog
(VIa NBC Washington)
Nothing says D.C. sports more than this: a third-year quarterback — whom the local NFL franchise paid an unprecedented sum to acquire, and who then had one of the most statistically dominant seasons from a rookie quarterback in NFL history — is now being judged by referendum of local news anchors. And he’s losing that vote.
“Who gets that start the next Sunday after Robert’s cleared?” WRC’s Dianna Russini asked her colleagues on Thursday .
“It’s not a tough decision, depending on how Kirk Cousins plays,” Jim Vance said. “If he’s winning, this is how it goes: Cousins starts. My man, Kirk!”
“We’re all in agreement?” Doreen Gentzler asked, as all three panelists held up their KC signs. “I agree with that. If Kirk Cousins is playing well, you can’t change it, if it’s working.”
(VIa NBC Washington)
 
“So you guys are telling me that the Washington Redskins franchise quarterback, who is supposed to be the face of this team, will lose his job to the backup quarterback?” Russini asked.
“If Kirk Cousins does well, it is his job to lose,” Doug Kammerer said. “and one of these guys will not be here next season, I will tell you that right now.”
“If RGIII comes back and Gruden decides to keep Kirk Cousins because he’s playing well and the team is doing well, it will say something — if he’s successful with that — about Dan Snyder and the future of this team,” Vance said. “If in fact RGIII is his boy, as has been alleged all of last year, and Gruden says, ‘Oh no no I’ve gotta have Kirk Cousins,’ and Snyder goes along with it, it might represent something — that he has changed his [style] as it applies to the team.”
“Yeah, it might represent that they made a really bad decision drafting Robert Griffin III and giving up all those draft picks,” Russini wisely pointed out.
But no matter. This Kirk Cousins train is running at full speed, and it won’t stop until someone head-butts a wall with great velocity.
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Tech Mahindra aims $ 5 billion by FY 17Tech Mahindra aims $ 5 billion by FY 17
Tech Mahindra to expand Saral Rozgar project in GujaratTech Mahindra to expand Saral Rozgar project in Gujarat
Vinay Umarji | Ahmedabad Sep 19, 2014 08:59 PM IST
After states like Haryana, UP, Rajasthan and West Bengal, Tech Mahindra, part of the USD 16.5 billion Mahindra Group, is set to expand its Saral Rozgar Job Card Initiative in Gujarat. The company has identified more than 5,000 job opportunities in categories like gems and jewelry, retail, sales, CNC operators and garmenting, among others.
While the same has begun in South Gujarat, the initiative will be expanded into other districts of the state. Saral Rozgar is a national initiative of Tech Mahindra under the Mobility Innovation and is currently available across 30,000 retail (PoS) including mobile recharge shops and FMCG kirana outlets and already has around two million job seekers registered under Saral.
“We have already activated more than 3000 Retail outlets in Surat, Vapi and Valsad where Saral Rozgar cards are available. We are also expanding to the other districts in Gujarat. There are more than 5000 job opportunities being identified in these locations for the blue collared employment. The top categories are tailors, gems and jewelry, retail, sales, CNC operators, security guards, house-keeping, fabricators, and garments such as sewing machine operators, among others,” said Jagdish Mitra, Head – Mobility, Tech Mahindra.
According to Mitra, there are currently more than two million registered job seekers with Saral spread across more than 800 locations in India. Saral Rozgar cards are already available across point of sales in NCR, Haryana, U.P, Rajasthan, South Gujarat, Mumbai, Pune, Rest of Maharashtra and Kolkata and West Bengal.   
Under the initiative, job-seekers can now easily access the service by buying the Saral Rozgar card for Rs . 50 and registering through a simple voice call, in their preferred language, by dialing 1860-180-1100 from anywhere in India. The company also helps job-seekers to create their first ever resume online, therefore, connecting them to potential corporate and mainstream employers, the company stated.
Moreover, SMEs or entrepreneurs can also reach them via voice call. Once the employers short-list the required set of job-seekers, they can approach thousands of shortlisted candidates with just one click via SMS or automated voice calls in the preferred regional language of the job-seekers’ choice. On receiving these notifications, candidates connect with employers directly without involvement of any intermediate agents/agencies.
Saral Rozgar aims to provide a simple, easily accessible, and low-cost nation-wide service to jobs seekers in the under-graduate category and job providers. The service will facilitate easy access to a plethora of jobs and candidates across India via mobile. It needs to be mentioned here that as per CII, only 14 per cent of the 500 million Indian workforce accounts for the formal sector and the remaining 86 per cent are part of the unorganized sector.
Nearly 12 million people join the workforce every year. Over the next two decades, India is estimated to add 25 per cent to the world’s workforce.
Mitra added that by the end of the financial year 2014-15, Saral will be available across more than 100,000 retail outlets spread across India wherein, apart from Gujarat, expansion will take place in states like Bihar, Jharkhand, Orissa, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh and Chattisgarh in the third quarter from October onwards.

Brazilian drug regulator to consider relaxing norms for Indian firmsBrazilian drug regulator to consider relaxing norms for Indian firms
Sohini Das | Ahmedabad Sep 19, 2014 08:58 PM IST
Brazil, one of the key export markets in Latin America for Indian pharma companies, is reviewing the proposal to allow Indian laboratories to conduct bioequivalence tests, necessary to grant product approvals in that country. Senior officials from the Brazilian regulator ANVISA are likely to interact with their counterparts in India to take the process further.
According to senior officials in the Pharma Export Promotion Council (Pharmexcil), a recent delegation from the Union ministry of commerce and industry which had been to Latin America, had met ANVISA officials. “We had highlighted the issues related to delays in drug approvals in Brazil,” said P V Appaji, director general of Pharmexcil.
He further explained that the Brazilian authorities off late have been pressing for bioequivalence tests required for getting drug approvals in country be done in Brazil only. “We have suggested that they allow Indian laboratories to conduct the necessary tests as most other countries allow that. This would save significant amount of time and logistical delays,” Appaji claimed. In response to this suggestion from India, the ANVISA officials have expressed their desire to interact with officials in the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) in India.
A senior government official who was part of the delegation informed that officials from the ANVISA, the national health surveillance agency of Brazil, might soon visit India to interact with CDSCO officials. “The ball has been set in motion. Things are moving very fast,” he claimed.
Last year Brazil had suspended new applications for medicine registrations with bioequivalence certifications issued by clinical research centres located outside the country. The move is expected to add to delays in getting new products registered in Brazil, which is considered amongst the biggest drug markets in Latin America. According to industry sources, such a requirement can increase the product approval time from an already lengthy 36 months to 48 months.
Bioequivalence tests broadly refer to tests done to assess the ‘interchangeability’ between generic and innovator drugs so that efficacy of the generic product is established. It basically tries to assess whether the efficacy of the generic version is comparable to the safety and efficacy of the corresponding innovator drugs.
The move made by Brazilian authorities was significant, as delays in product approvals could affect business prospects in the world’s sixth largest pharmaceutical market which is expected to grow at 11-15 per cent CAGR till 2017. Domestic companies like Torrent Pharmaceuticals, which have significant presence in Brazil, are likely to benefit if ANVISA relaxes norms.
Torrent already has around 15 products in the Brazilian market and has 25 products under approval. The company expects around three product approvals to come in during the current fiscal.

Growth of Gujarat SMEs highest in electrical equipment sector: NSIC officialGrowth of Gujarat SMEs highest in electrical equipment sector: NSIC official
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Sep 19, 2014 08:57 PM IST
The growth of Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) in Gujarat in the electrical and electronic equipment industry is the highest in the country, said, an official of National Small Industries Corporation (NSIC), a public sector enterprise of the Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise (MSME), on Friday here.
“Growth rate of SMEs in the electrical and electronic equipment industry in the last six years in Gujarat is 86 per cent while, Maharashtra comes second with 24 per cent growth,” said P K Jha, zonal general manager, central zone, NSIC. He was speaking to mediapersons on the sidelines of ‘Gujarat Manufacturing Show -2014, organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
On SMEs that have closed down, Jha said that 15 per cent of SMEs in electrical and electronic equipment industry in the state have shut down in the last six years, adding that the closure rate has come down considerably in the six years.
Previously, Jha stated, the shutdown rate of SMEs had been around 26-27 per cent. Nationally, he said, around 25 per cent SMEs closed down in the last six years in the electrical and electronic equipment industry.
Jha said that consortia marketing programme has been initiated for identical product manufacturers to come together and produce products as per the quality standards prescribed by government agency.
“Consortia marketing programme has been started in August 2014 by NSIC to bring together identical product manufacturers to produce goods as per quality standards prescribed by the concerned government agency,” Jha said, adding that this has been done to maintain international quality of products to cater to export market.
Earlier, in his inaugural address, S K Negi, managing director, Gujarat Energy Transmission Corporation Limited (GETCO) outlined the need for global sourcing of raw materials and human resources, creation of skilled local manpower, technology upgradation and quality standardization to revive the power sector, which is currently witnessing negative growth.
He said that the electrical and electronic equipment industry must invest in developing products with “brand” value.
“Products manufactured by electrical and electronic equipment industry do not have “brand” value, as such.  There should be consistency in quality product deliverance and an attempt to maintain and sustain the brand value created through such products,” said Negi.
K K Tiwari, industrial advisor, Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises said that for India to achieve annual Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of 8-9 per cent, electricity generation capacity has to be increased by around five times (from what it currently is) by 2032.
He also focussed on the need to address the trend of obtaining certificates and degrees from Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) and asking for jobs.
“The trend of obtaining certificates and degrees from Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) and asking for jobs after passing out must stop. The focus must be on necessary skill upgradation in line with the demands of industry,” he said.

SKSE board plans to separate its subsidiarySKSE board plans to separate its subsidiary
Vimukt Dave | Rajkot Sep 19, 2014 08:55 PM IST
Saurashtra Kutch Stock Exchange (SKSE) is considering to separate its subsidiary SKSE Securities Limited to make it an independent entity so that it can operate as a broking firm. The board of directors will put forward the proposal in this regard in the Annual General Meeting (AGM) on September 27.
"We are working to make SKSE Securities an independent company so that it can work as broking firm. Reducing holding from subsidiary will increase reserve fund of SKSE," said Sunil Shah, director, SKSE.
SKSE holds 98 per cent share in SKSE Securities. As per the proposal, subsidiary company will pay share price to SKSE and get 100 per cent holding with it. However, it is yet to decide that how much amount, SKSE Securities will have to pay to SKSE.
Shah said that we will discuss about it with our broker members in AGM and if all agree, then we will finalize the entire issue.
At present, there are over 40,000 trading accounts in SKSE Securities, which has daily turnover of about Rs 35 crore per day and last year, it had registered Rs 20 lakh profit. SKSE Securities, floated in 2001, is already operating as a broking house in Rajkot and Jamnagar but since the holding company, SKSE was facing actions from SEBI, it did not try to spread its network.
It may be noted that SEBI had derecognized SKSE in July 2007, on the grounds of vacuum at the top management level, inadequate infrastructure, broker's interference in the day-to-day operations of the exchange and the overall lack of interest of members to revive trading on the regional bourse.
Following the de-recognition, SKSE tried to merge with other regional stock exchanges, Vadodara Stock Exchange and Ahmedabad Stock Exchange but the idea failed to materialise.
Later, SKSEL body decided to adopt the exit policy in November 2012.
The board of directors are also considering to buy back trading card from broker members of the exchange but there is also a dispute in it. It is a rumour that the board is considering to offer Rs 2.50 lakh to buy back when members bought it in Rs 5 lakh at the time of beginning.
Currently, SKSE has 347 members, out of these only 70-80 members are active.
V P Vaishnav, director, SKSE said, "We have discussed about it but it is not fact that we will buy back card at lower rate. As per our calculation, value of each card will be not less than Rs 8 lakh."
SKSE will also discuss about buy back with broker members in the AGM.

Hind Copper plans joint venture to enter downstreaming marketHind Copper plans joint venture to enter downstreaming market
BS Reporter | Kolkata Sep 19, 2014 08:21 PM IST
Hindustan Copper will be forming a joint venture with a private partner for value addition to the product in order to enter the downstreaming market, according to K D Diwan, CMD. “There is limited scope of profit in mining due to falling copper prices, hence we have decided to form a joint venture which will increase our margin, “ said Diwan.
He said that the deal is in the final stage and would be approved in the next board meeting in November.
While Diwan refused to share the details of the deal, due to a non-disclosure agreement signed with the company, he said that Hindustan Copper will own a minority stake in the venture.
A separate manufacturing unit which will have a conversion capacity of 10,000 tonne per year. The name and location of the plant has not yet been decided.
He added: “ We will be supplying copper rods which will be converted to strips by our partner.” While the private player willsupply the technology and machinery, Hindustan Copper will market the product for both Indian and international markets.
With this, the company aims to have 10- 20 percent share of the value-added copper rod market. According to ASSOCHAM, the value-added copper-rod maket is valued at Rs 600 crore which is only 3 percent of the total world market. Copper strips are used to manufacture various electronic products, ship foils and HTCG, which is used to increase the speed of bullet trains. With the governement announcing the starting of bullet trains, Diwan expected that the venture would be profitable.
The public sector mining entity is facing hard times due to a rapid fall in prices of copper in the international market and hence has decided to enter the downstreaming market.
Beside this the company has also formed a joint venture with Chattisgarh Mining Development Corporation (CMDC), a unit owned by the Chattisgarh government for exporation of copper deposits in the state.
Malanjhkhand mine
Hindustan Copper is yet to start expansion activity in the Malanjhkhand mine despite securing the approval of National Board for Wildlife (NBWL) due to a case filed by an NGO which is pending in the Supreme Court.
According to Diwan, Hindustan Copper had got the nod from the NBWL on August 12 following which the NGO approached the apex court complaing that the board was not constituted properly. Expansion of the mine has already been approved by the state wildlife board.This is hurting the company’s plans of increasing the production caacity of the mine to 12.41 MTPA by 2017-18. “Due to regulatory issues our cost for the Malanjkhand mine has escalated by almost 15 percent,” noted Diwan. He added that the company has got clearance to reopen its mine in Banwas, Surda and Khetri.
The company’s production rose to 3.83 million tonnes as compared to 3.65 million tonnes in 2012-13. Hindustan Copper’s shares closed at Rs  88.35 on BSE down 0.85 percent from its previous close while the Sensex fell by 0.08 percent to 27,090.42 points.

McDonalds slow food recoverySeptember 19, 2014 6:07 pm
McDonald’s slow food recovery
By Anna Nicolaou and Jennifer Bissell in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/046a5222-400b-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GSK closes but a chapter with 300m fineGSK closes a chapter with £300m fine but story likely to run on
By Andrew Ward, Patti Waldmeir and Caroline Binham
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/575426c6-3ffb-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Consumer fears weigh on Prada profitsPrada shares fall out of fashion as consumer fears hit profits
By Rachel Sanderson in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ae25260c-3ffc-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

City relieved but wary of unresolved issuesSeptember 19, 2014 6:03 pm
City relieved at Scottish result but wary over unresolved issues
By Harriet Agnew, Martin Arnold, Sam Fleming and Patrick Jenkins
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f3eebe52-3feb-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cadillac to Launch Posh New Sedan in 2015cadillac to launch posh new sedan in 2015
Police Describe Florida Murder Scene as  Horrificpolice describe florida murder scene as  horrific
Joe Biden had a remarkably terrible weekBy Chris Cillizza September 19 Follow @thefix
Vice President Joe Biden is wont to put his foot in his mouth. But this week, he really upped his game. It was not a good week for Joe Biden. (The Washington Post)
Most politicians, upon making a highly publicized gaffe, would spend the next few hours — or days — with their mouths firmly shut. Joe Biden is not most politicians.
During a speech to the Legal Services Corporation on Tuesday, Biden referred to lenders preying on members of the military as “Shylocks.” By Wednesday, he was apologizing for a “poor choice of words” after the Anti-Defamation League criticized him for using a term that is a derogatory slur toward Jews.
Biden’s Wednesday was just starting to get bad, though. At a rally in Des Moines — in case you forgot, Biden might like to run for president in 2016 — the vice president recounted meeting a man named Lee Kuan Yew, whom he called “the wisest man in the Orient.” As the immortal Walter Sobchak might say: Dude, that is not the preferred nomenclature.
But wait, there’s more! After the rally in Des Moines, Biden stopped by a local diner. He was asked by a reporter whether he agreed with Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Martin Dempsey’s refusal to rule out American ground troops in Iraq. Biden said ground troops aren’t necessary now, but he didn’t close the door on the possibility — a position counter to President Obama’s insistence that troops won’t be put on the ground.
Then came the week-capper. At a women’s conference on Friday, Biden reminisced about good ol’ days when Republicans like Sen. Bob Packwood served. Packwood, you may remember,resigned in 1995 after 10 women accused him of sexual harassment.
Joe Biden, for kicking your gaffe machine into a gear we didn’t know it had, you had the worst week in Washington. Congrats, or something.
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.

Jackson questionable for SundayBy Mike Jones September 19 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Washington Redskins wide receiver DeSean Jackson. (Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post)
Wide receiver DeSean Jackson took part in some individual drills during Friday’s practice and will be listed as questionable for the Washington Redskins’ game on Sunday at Philadelphia.
A sprained left shoulder had forced Jackson out of the first two practices of the week. On Thursday, he wore a sun visor and jogged through a few pass routes and caught some passes, but didn’t do enough for the team to even be able to list him as “limited.”
On Friday, Jackson wore a helmet and joined his fellow wide receivers during the entire position drills segment.
“He did good today. We’ll see, though,” Coach Jay Gruden said Friday afternoon. “He was very limited, as you well know, as you could see out there. But I think it was a step in the positive direction.”
Gruden said Jackson would receive some more work on Saturday and then would be evaluated during pregame warmups Sunday morning at Lincoln Financial Field, and then a decision would be made on his availability.
Jackson didn’t speak to reporters on Friday, but he said on Wednesday that he planned to play against his former team.
Place kicker Kai Forbath (groin) and center Kory Lichtensteiger (groin) also are listed as questionable for Sunday’s game. Gruden said that Forbath kicked during Friday’s practice and felt “pretty good.” The coach said that punter Tress Way could again be used to handle kickoff duties, with Forbath handling field goals and extra point attempts, just as they did last week.
Tight end Jordan Reed (hamstring) has been ruled out, as have linebacker Akeem Jordan (knee) and cornerback Tracy Porter (hamstring). Defensive end Kedric Golston (groin) is doubtful to play.
Redskins injuries
Full participation Friday: S Ryan Clark, PK Kai Forbath, OLB Brian Orakpo, G Shawn Lauvao, RB Roy Helu Jr., FB Darrel Young. Limited:  WR DeSean Jackson, C Kory Lichtensteiger. Did not practice: DL Kedric Golston, ILB Akeem Jordan, CB Tracy Porter, TE Jordan Reed. Out: QB Robert Griffin III.
Eagles injuries
Full participation Friday: CB Nolan Carroll, DE Fletcher Cox, TE Zach Ertz, G Todd Herremans, WR Josh Huff, S Malcolm Jenkins, WR Brad Smith, T Matt Tobin, CB Jaylen Watkins, CB Cary Williams. Did not practice: LB Mychal Kendricks, S Earl Wolff.
Have a Redskins question? Send an e-mail to mike.jones@washpost.com with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered on Tuesday in  The Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Oracle shares slide after soft results  Larry Ellison s decision to step downOracle shares slide after soft results  Larry Ellison s decision to step down
Dharna to remind Modi to ban meat export on Sep 21Dharna to remind Modi to ban meat export on Sep 21
Scots keep their kingdom unitedScots keep their kingdom united
Been in board from 2008..nov.....i have franchise of ids in my disposa...Platinum Member
344 Followers
Dear RR, it happened to me too n I complained n threatened to take it to police as cyber crime if the regulators doesn`t take action. The original abuser got RF n his new avtar told he is sorry n removed my id pic. I ultimately dropped it but this is a dirty habit of dirty people n u have right to to to any extent that satisfy u.
12.39 AM Sep 19th

It will go below 4 for sure  at the same time other aviation stocks wi...Repost
Guest
Only good wishers want kfa to perform but when lies in dust they abuse it to rise, but the promo`r the main actor is not interested. So be a line drawn as `counter closed`.
12.07 AM Sep 19th

It is likely that the company could have to face a severe penalty whic...Silver Member
21 Followers
It is likely that the company could have to face a severe penalty which they would have to give away from their cash flows. That could be a negative for the stock and could jeopardise the valuations that Reliance Power had given them originally. On the back of that there could be some revision to that amount of Rs 12000 crore, which could also dent the debt reduction plans in case Reliance Power decides to trim certain details of this. So for now it is definitely a negative as far as Jaiprakash Power is concerned
11.33 PM Sep 19th  | Track

Because i have lot of time . 36 hours in a day. lol.Repost
Guest
Dear, you must have posted at least 5000 messages on this (MIL) board so far at an avg. of 15 per day. What an effort, hats off to you. You are a great force behind the rally. Simply great.
12.23 PM Oct 7th

Pension schemes stick with hedge fundsPension schemes stick with hedge funds
By Josephine Cumbo, Pensions Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec5889ca-3f32-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fund rankings under scrutinyPassive fund rankings under scrutiny
By Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6c5076e8-3e56-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Problem Solver: Ex-con feels job squeeze at CTA1
"I am asking that you give me an opportunity to show you I truly deserve a chance at a new start," he said. "I have changed my life and surrounded myself around a positive circle of influence. I have been trying hard to gain employment. ... I would like nothing more than to provide for my household, excel and prove myself to you with no regret."
He submitted letters of recommendation, a copy of his honorable discharge from the Army, even a copy of the certification he received in food-service sanitation from the state.
"I still ended up getting a letter saying I would not be considered due to my criminal background," he said.
Upset, he emailed "What's Your Problem?"
Smith said he's 49 and has given up his criminal ways.
"You grow up. You have responsibilities. I have a wife, I have bills," he said. "I'm old. I'm mature now. I was a kid then."
He said he'd be happy with either CTA job — the apprenticeship for ex-convicts or the regular job. He does not understand how he can be unqualified for both.
"When am I eligible to be considered a regular citizen again?" Smith asked.
The Problem Solver called the CTA to inquire about Smith's situation.
CTA spokeswoman Tammy Chase said that at the time Smith applied for the apprenticeship program, the agency handling the initial screening of candidates was receiving about 700 applications a month.
"The demand was so high we actually established a special hotline," Chase said.
The screening agency also established a temporary rule designed to narrow the candidate pool, saying only ex-convicts whose most recent criminal history was within the previous five years would be considered, Chase said.
That disqualified Smith for the apprenticeship program.
After Smith applied for the customer service agent job, the CTA did a routine background check and saw his criminal history.
When the CTA saw Smith's felony convictions, it decided he was not the right person for the position, Chase said.
"His criminal background, the crimes he committed, did not make him the best fit for a job in which he would interact daily with CTA customers," Chase said.
The spokeswoman said the CTA has a track record of giving ex-offenders a second chance. Since Jan. 1, 2013, the agency has hired 3,039 employees, she said. Of those, 499 had an arrest or a conviction in his or her background, she said.
Chase said the five-year rule for the apprenticeship positions has since been removed, meaning Smith can reapply for that program and would now qualify. Smith can also apply for other positions at the CTA which might be a better fit, she said.
Smith said he's unlikely to reapply.
"I've been applying and applying and following up," he said. "For almost eight months now I've been doing this whole dance with them."
He said the CTA should conduct background checks on candidates before they conduct interviews, physicals and tests.
"It was totally backwards," he said. "It killed me emotionally to get this letter down the road."
facebook.com/chitribproblem

GlaxoSmithKline fined $500M by ChinaChina fines GlaxoSmithKline nearly $500 million for bribery
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 19, 2014: 5:57 AM ET
 
2014 the merger year for drug makers?
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Drug giant GlaxoSmithKline has apologized to China for bribing health care workers and will pay a fine of nearly half a billion U.S. dollars.
The UK company was found guilty of offering bribes to boost its business, and will have to pay the Chinese government 3 billion yuan ($489 million).
The company had been under investigation for about a year following allegations that it channeled millions in bribes to officials, medical associations, hospitals and doctors as part of a widespread scheme designed to raise drug prices.
GSK said its Chinese operation had broken the law and company rules.
"GSK Plc sincerely apologizes to the Chinese patients, doctors and hospitals, and to the Chinese government and the Chinese people...and [it] must work hard to regain the trust of the Chinese people."
Former China head Mark Reilly will be deported after being given a suspended prison sentence of three years, state news agency Xinhua reported.
Related: China's anti-corruption drive eats into growth
GSK ( GSK ) said it was working with authorities to stamp out corruption, including changing the incentives offered to its sales people and the way it reviews invoices and payments.
The company said last December that it would no longer reward sales staff based on how many drugs they sell, marking a big shift in the way the pharmaceutical industry deals with doctors.
Instead, staff compensation would be tied to technical knowledge, quality of service and overall company performance.
The China scandal, which hurt GSK's sales , is the latest blow for the British pharmaceutical group.
In May, the company was named the target of a criminal probe led by United Kingdom fraud investigators.
And in 2012, GSK paid a $3 billion fine enforced by the U.S. Justice Department after failing to report safety data on some of its most popular drugs.
The payment was the largest fraud settlement in U.S. history, and the largest ever by a drug company.
Other major pharmaceuticals have also been netted in similar probes in China, including AstraZeneca and Novartis .
First Published: September 19, 2014: 5:53 AM ET
Most Popular

Congress questions timing of Modis statement on IndianMuslimsPrint
Congress also sought to know whether his statement is a sincere voice coming from his heart.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 7:16 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 7:32 pm
 
Questioning the timing of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s statement ahead of his US visit that Indian Muslims will live and die for India, Congress on Friday wondered whether BJP and its other leaders adhere to it.
It also sought to know whether his statement is a sincere voice coming from his heart.
ALSO READ:  Indian Muslims won’t dance to the tunes of Al-Qaeda, they will live and die for the country: Narendra Modi
“What the Prime Minister has said is welcome and there cannot be any objection to it. But did he take his colleagues Yogi Adityanath, Giriraj Singh and Amit Shah on board on the issue as they have often been heard saying something else.
“He has made this statement but let us see whether his party adheres to his statement,” party spokesman Salman Khurshid told reporters.
Noting that martyrs like Brigadier Usman and Abdul Hamid have shown their love for the country through their martyrdom, he wondered as to why the Prime Minister has made the remark ahead of his visit to the US and not from the ramparts of the Red Fort in his Independence Day address.
“I am a little surprised that this needed to be said by the Prime Minister. One cannot question it but certainly inquire whether this is a sincere voice coming from his heart. I am a little surprised that the Prime Minister took so long to understand this….. What is the reason that he said this ahead of his visit to the US. Why did he not say that when he was addressing the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort,” Khurshid, a former External Affairs Minister, said.
ALSO READ:  Al-Qaeda declares new front to wage war on India, calls for jihad in the subcontinent
Congress General Secretary Digvijay Singh, a known detractor of Modi, also had a dig at him.
“Modi ‘Patriotism of Muslims can’t be questioned and they can give their Life for the Country.’ What a pleasant Turn Around ! Does he mean it?,” he tweeted.
 
Modi “Patriotism of Muslims can’t be questioned and they can give their Life for the Country.”What a pleasant Turn Around ! Does he mean it?
— digvijaya singh (@digvijaya_28) September 19, 2014
The Congress reaction ridiculing Modi’s remarks came after the Prime Minister said in a television interview that Indian Muslims will live and die for India and that they will not dance to the tunes of terror outfit Al Qaeda
“My understanding is that they are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country. If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional.
“Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India–they will not want anything bad for India,” he told CNN in a rare media interview.

Security forces bust NSCN(IM) detention centre inDimapurPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 19, 2014 6:57 pm
Two days after police unearthed an illegal “tax” racket allegedly run by the NSCN(IM) through some transport companies in Nagaland, security forces have busted an illegal “detention centre” that was being run for more than seven years by the same group.
Security forces which had launched an operation based on specific information, busted the illegal “detention centre” on Wednesday evening at a locality called Half Nagarjan on the outskirts of Dimapur and rescued two persons who were found tied with heavy chains around their ankles there.
Giving this information, Guwahati-based Defence PRO Lt Col Suneet Newton said the two persons who were rescued from the “detention camp” were identified as Rinthar Tangkhul (36) of Ukhrul (Manipur) and Chuba Ao (25) of Mokokchung (Nagaland). “The detainees were being confined under most inhuman and despicable conditions. These detainees informed the search party that the ‘detention centre’ was being run by six military wing cadres of NSCN(IM) led by one self-styled Captain Hoito Sumi,” Lt Col Newton said.
While all the six persons who were present in the house admitted on apprehension that they belonged to the NSCN(IM), they also confessed that the “detention camp” was there for seven years. “On further investigation it emerged that the ‘detention centre’ has been in existence for seven years and was used as a base for carrying out extortion, abductions, kidnappings, collection of ransom apart from serving as a place for illegal confinement,” the Defence PRO said.
Interestingly, the NSCN(IM) was found involved in such activities despite its leaders engaging themselves in peaceful negotiations with the government of India for the past 17 years.
Lt Col Newton also informed that all these illegal activities are being carried out in Dimapur by the NSCN(IM) under the code-name “Operation Acceleration Dimapur Town” and it was headed by one self-styled Lt Col Nagaho. “During the search of the ‘detention centre’, a number of incriminating documents were found. These included illegal tax collection slips, work permit cards, vehicle documents of individuals from whom money was being extorted, details of target businessmen etc,” he added.
Earlier this week, the police had unearthed a a well-organized network of illegal taxation on transport and commercial vehicles which was reportedly controlled by the NSCN(IM). The “tax” was collected with the help of as many as 17 transport and goods companies operating from Dimapur, the commercial hub and only railways head of Nagaland.

PM Narendra Modi has spoken from his heart:BJPPrint
BJP leaders, however, did not reply when asked if Modi's words would not prove counter-productive to his image of being a staunch Hindu nationalist.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 7:41 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 7:55 pm
Endorsing Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s remarks “appreciating” the patriotic spirit of Indian Muslims, BJP on Friday said he has spoken “from his heart” what he and the party always believed in and it will send an important message that will strengthen the nation.
“This is a very positive statement, as he has been saying this earlier also. This has been his thought earlier too when he has appreciated the patriotic spirit in Indian Muslims. This will further strengthen the country,” BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said.
His party colleague and spokesperson M J Akbar said, “ Today’s statement is a very powerful affirmation by the Prime Minister of his faith – intellectual as well as emotional.He is a man of deep conviction. His nationalism is all embracing. This is a very important message given out by him from his heart. It will have a very positive impact on society.”
He said Modi has been a genuine discipline of Swami Vivekananda and by his words he has acted as a “binder” in society and will help erase unnecessary and irrelevant controversies shrouding him.
“This is a befitting reply to our political opponents, who have been attempting to tarnish his image all along. Modi has come out with his mind, as he has in the past by saying so,” Hussain said.
He said the Prime Minister has only voiced the party’s opinion towards the minority community as he is now the “tallest leader in the party”.
“Modi’s statements are fine. Indian Muslims have always lived and would die for the nation,” he said.
The BJP leaders, however, did not reply when asked if Modi’s words would not prove counter-productive to his image of being a staunch Hindu nationalist and would not be viewed as an attempt to “appease” the minority community.
Modi in an interview to CNN said that the patriotism of Indian Muslims could not be questioned and said that they will live and die for India and not dance to the tunes of terror outfit Al Qaeda.
“Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India – they will not want anything bad for India,” he told CNN in a rare media interview.
He was asked about the head of Al Qaeda issuing a video and an appeal trying to create an Al Qaeda in India- South Asia saying he wants to free Muslims from the “oppression” they face in Kashmir and Gujarat.
Modi’s statement about Indian Muslims comes ahead of his visit to the United States where he will address the UN General Assembly.
This is a very important message given out by him from his heart. It will have a very positive impact on society, said M J Akbar.

Hours after withdrawing  Chinese troops cross into Chumar regionagainPrint
Press Trust of India | Leh/new Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 7:34 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 7:37 pm
Hours after withdrawing from the Chumar region in Ladakh, Chinese PLA soldiers were on Friday reported to have crossed into Indian territory again and stationed themselves on a hillock.
Official sources said about 35 PLA men returned to Chumar in northeast Ladakh and were perched on a hillock claiming the area to be part of China while another 300 soldiers were maintaining presence close to Line of Actual Control (LAC).
The standoff in Demchok and Chumar had cast a shadow on Thursday’s summit talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
The Indian Army, which had starting scaling down operations from the area following the Chinese withdrawal on Thursday night, put a halt and again started pitching their tents for a possible fresh stand-off, the sources said.
They said that nearly 300 Chinese soldiers were spotted across the perceived LAC with many of them stationed in their vehicles while others on foot.
This, the sources said, was apparently done by Chinese PLA as the Indian army had not completely withdrawn from the region which is part of Jammu and Kashmir.
Chinese troops, without any border meeting, had started withdrawing from the area at 9:45 PM and the Indian army had also started reducing their presence in the area.
However, as a part of its drill, some Army presence was maintained in the area to verify whether the Chinese had actually returned to their territory which was possible only after the break of dawn tomorrow.
In the morning, after Indian army spotted PLA presence close to the LAC, it was decided to stop reducing its troops till it was verified that the Chinese have gone back to their camps located 10 kms from the LAC.
The tension in this area heightened on Sunday when some of the Chinese workers, who were constructing road on their side, started entering into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build road up to Tibet, five km deep into the Indian territory.

Android One: What is Googles biggamePrint
There is also a huge business opportunity for Google in just expanding the number of Internet users globally, after all it is the largest digital advertising company in world.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 7:28 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 11:02 am
India is now the world’s third largest Internet market and “on a bullet train to become the second”. But even when we become the second with around 300 million Internet users, India would still have over 75 per cent of the population that has no access to this so-called information superhighway. It is this chunk of population that will form the “next billion” which companies like Nokia, and now Google, has been talking about. And it is this next billion that Google thinks will line up to buy and good smartphone that is also affordable.
With its Android One programme, Google hopes to be able to give users the best hardware-software combo at a very reasonable price of $100 to start with. At the moment it has done this with three devices from Indian smartphone makers, all with the same specifications and all priced around Rs 6,400. Soon, it will try and hit this sweet spot across various price points above and below $100, offering the best experience at that range. It will also have more partners on board as it spreads the Android One experiment to other countries in Asia and then the rest of the world.
Micromax Canvas A1
But things are not that easy. The market has changed since Sundar Pichai, Google senior vice president for Android, Chrome and Apps,  announced Android One earlier this year. Now you have Firefox’s ultra-low cost smartphones priced at just around $35, or Rs 2,000 in India. There are a bunch of Android, or Android-based phones, with price tags similar to Android One, but sporting slightly better specifications. The market is really crowded at the bottom and Google’s struggle will be to make people understand the value proposition it is offering.
Karbonn Sparkle V
That would be access to the pure Android experience, now available only on Nexus devices that are priced much higher. This also means first access to new Android updates and a much more controlled environment than the bloatware-filled ecosystem that it is now. Plus, there is the added advantage of free data offerings that would come bundled with the phone in a bid to get new users hooked to the potential of smartphones and having Internet literally at their fingertips. To break the language barrier, the second largest obstacle to smartphone adoption after price, there are also features like Google Translate which now has Hindi-English-Hindi packs and voice search which now recognises the national language. Add to this Google’s promise to make YouTube available offline on these phones in the coming months and users might just see good value in opting for one of continued…

17th Asian Games off to colourful start  and in Incheon  it had to be in GangnamstyleA successful Incheon Games would go a long way to allaying any concerns that South Korea will struggle to be ready. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Incheon | Posted: September 19, 2014 7:23 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 12:53 am
The 17th Asian Games opened in a multi-coloured blaze of fireworks and carefully crafted K-Pop routines on Friday, as athletes from the world’s most populous region came together in pursuit of gold and glory in South Korea.
An array of Olympians and regional sports stars will compete over 15 days of competition in Incheon where South Korean President Park Geun-hye and Olympic chief Thomas Bach were among the powerful figures watching a vivid opening ceremony.
Athletes dressed in colourful national garb, sharp suits and comfortable tracksuits waved to a crowd of 60,000, who offered enthusiastic welcomes to delegations from 45 countries including the South’s belligerent neighbour, North Korea.
South Korean culture, known as the ‘Korean Wave’ or Hallyu, has swept through Asia in recent years generating billions of dollars in revenue from drama and pop music and Friday’s ceremony drew heavily on its influence.
Actress and model Lee Young-ae, the face of countless commercials across the region, lit the Asian Games cauldron and ‘Gangnam Style’ singer Psy delivered a rousing finale.
The ceremony, dubbed: ‘Dream of 4.5 billion people, One Asia,’ also featured traditional Korean performances of song, dance and poetry as athletes stood shoulder to shoulder behind the flags of 45 countries at the Incheon Asian Main Stadium.
Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Sabah, the president of the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA), told the athletes: “We are delighted to welcome you and are looking forward to seeing you compete and perform based on fair play and respect.
“You are the heart and soul of the Games.”
DUEL IN THE POOL
From weightlifting to wushu, rowing to rugby sevens and swimming to sepaktakraw, the Games will showcase elite Asian talent in 36 sports, with the first of 439 gold medals to be awarded in the women’s 10 metre air pistol team event on Saturday.
Much of the attention will be focused on the pool where Olympic champions Sun Yang of China and South Korea’s homegrown hero Park Tae-hwan will meet in a series of freestyle duels.
China has topped the medals table at the last eight Asian Games and is expected to do so again, while the hosts’ target is finishing second, above fierce rivals Japan, for the fifth straight Asiad.
China’s vast delegation includes badminton great Lin Dan and London Olympic gold medallist Yi Shiwen while Japan expect great things from a swim team that took seven golds at the recent Pan Pacific Championships.
Olympic champions Yang Hak-seon and Lee Yong-dae will spearhead South Korea’s campaign for 90 golds on home soil in a Games that will also put Korea’s financial muscle and logistical capabilities to the test once again.
After hosting the Asian Games in 1986 and 2002, and the Olympics in 1988, South Korea will stage continued…
Compete and perform based on fair play and respect. You are the heart and soul of the Games

Russian brewer buys Pabst Blue RibbonRussian brewer buys Pabst Blue Ribbon
By Aaron Smith   @AaronSmithCNN September 19, 2014: 11:55 AM ET
 
History to hipster: Ballantine IPA
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
A Russian brewer is taking over American icon Pabst Blue Ribbon.
Oasis Beverages, which is based in Russia, said on Friday it's signed a deal to acquire Pabst Brewing Company, which is headquartered in Los Angeles.
Pabst traces its roots to 1844 and owns a number of well-known American beer brands, including Pabst Blue Ribbon, Old Milwaukee, Schlitz and the malt liquor Colt 45. It recently resurrected one of the most popular beers of the mid twentieth century, Ballantine India Pale Ale .
Oasis, which also has brewing operations in Ukraine , Belarus and Kazakhstan, did not disclose the terms of the deal, except to say that the investment company TSG Consumer Partners has a minority stake.
Oasis said it will not change any of the Pabst brands.
"There are definitely NO plans to change any of the recipes of the brands," said an Oasis staffer, in an email to CNNMoney. "The entire team at Pabst including the Head Brewer Greg Deuhs will continue to focus on maintaining the classic recipes and consistent quality of all Pabst products. NO CHANGES WHATSOEVER."
Related: Beer giants SABMiller and AB InBev brewing up a deal
Eugene Kashper, chairman of the Oasis Beverages Board, said Pabst headquarters will remain in LA.
"The opportunity to work with the company's treasure trove of iconic brands, some of which I started my career selling, is a dream come true," said Kashper, who started his career 20 years ago with The Stroh Brewery Company.
The Pabst company is being sold by C. Dean Metropoulos, which also owns Hostess Brands, best known for its Twinkies.
Pabst's "blue ribbon" title comes from having won a competition at the World's Fair in Chicago in 1893. The label on the can boasts that the beer was dubbed "America's Best" at the famous fair.
Related: Hipster alert: Ballantine is coming back
A relatively inexpensive beer brewed in Milwaukee, Pabst has enjoyed a jump in popularity in recent years since it was rediscovered by hipsters.
The company has also tried to keep up with the times and recently launched Blast, a high-alcohol Four Loko competitor pitched by Snoop Dogg .
First Published: September 19, 2014: 10:16 AM ET
Most Popular

AAP accuses Jung of preventing its MLAs to send aid toJ&KPrint
The 27 AAP legislators will donate a minimum of Rs 20 lakh from the MLA Development Fund. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 8:00 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 8:06 pm
AAP on Friday accused Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung of preventing its MLAs from sending relief package to Jammu and Kashmir by “raising an objection” to the transfer of Rs 20 lakh from the funds of each of its 27 legislators to Jammu and Kashmir CM fund.
In a series of tweets, former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said the party had learnt from its sources that Jung had raised an objection for the fund transfer.
27 MLAs of AAP wrote to delhi govt to transfer Rs 20 lakhs from each MLA’s funds to J&K CM fund. Sources- LG has objected to it. Why?
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) September 19, 2014
“27 MLAs of AAP wrote to Delhi govt to transfer Rs 20 lakhs from each MLA’s funds to J&K CM fund. Sources- LG has objected to it. Why?
Last year, Rs 10 lakhs from each MLAs funds were tfd for uttarakhand flood relief. Then why an objection this year?
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) September 19, 2014
“Last year, Rs 10 lakhs from each MLAs funds were transferred for Uttarakhand flood relief. Then why an objection this year?” Kejriwal tweeted.
AAP MLAs have decided to donate Rs 20 lakh each for relief and rescue operations in flood-ravaged Jammu & Kashmir.
The 27 AAP legislators will donate a minimum of Rs 20 lakh from the MLA Development Fund. Accordingly, the party had written to the Delhi government to transfer the funds to Delhi J&K CM fund.

A cop car just crashed into the side of a Dunkin DonutsBy Tim Herrera September 19 Follow @TimHerrera
Stop me if you’ve heard this one before.
A cop car in New Jersey broadsided a Dunkin’ Donuts Friday morning, appearing to have driven up a grassy patio to crash straight through the building, a local  Philadelphia CBS affiliate reported .
#BREAKING : Police Car Crashes Into Dunkin Donuts In Winslow Township: http://t.co/Qia3MeLyEC pic.twitter.com/gmZuqjzG9m
— CBS Philly (@CBSPhilly) September 19, 2014
The cause of the crash remains unknown, and it is not clear if there are any injuries, according to CBS Philadelphia.
A cop in a doughnut store! What a time to be alive.

Are the Federal Reserves naysayers on the wrong side of historyBy Ylan Q. Mui September 19 Follow @ylanmui
From top left to right, clockwise: Dallas Fed President Richard Fisher, Kansas City Fed President Esther George, Richmond Fed President Jeff Lacker, former Kansas City Fed President Thomas Hoenig and Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser. (Photos courtesy of the Fed banks of Dallas, Kansas City, Richmond and Philadelphia, and Bloomberg)
Before Richard Fisher became a bur inside the boot of the Federal Reserve, before he opposed the leader of the world’s most powerful financial institution — before he even joined the central bank — he received a word of advice that would define his tenure over the next decade.
It was late 2004, a few months before Fisher took over as president of the Fed district based in Dallas. Fisher was at a Christmas party at news anchor Sam Donaldson’s home in Northern Virginia when he bumped into Alan Greenspan, then chairman of the central bank. Greenspan invited Fisher tothe Fed’s marbled headquarters on Constitution Avenue the next day. Fisher assumed it was his initiation into the exclusive and often opaque tribe of central banking.
“Richard, there’s only one thing you need to know about this business,” Fisher, in an interview early this month, recalled Greenspan telling him. “I thought, ‘Aha! I’m inside the temple. I’m going to learn a deep dark secret.’
“And you know what he told me? ‘Always speak to the truth. That’s all I ask of you.’ ”
Fisher took the directive to heart. Since joining the Fed 10 years ago, he has dissented eight times from central bank policy — and his track record is not even the most flagrant. Former Kansas City Fed President Thomas Hoenig dissented at every central bank meeting in 2010. Richmond Fed President Jeffrey Lacker repeated the feat two years later. Other reliable contrarians include Hoenig’s successor, Esther George, and the head of the Philadelphia Fed, Charles Plosser.
Consider the temple breached. In the wake of the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, the number of dissents has not only reached the highest level in nearly 20 years, but the volume of the opposition has also been turned up. A little over a decade ago, the Fed did not immediately disclose the breakdown of its votes. Now, the critics are among the loudest voices. George, the resident dissenter last year, delivered 11 speeches, more than twice as many as then-Chairman Ben S. Bernanke did. Fisher gave 28 speeches.
The past six years have not only reshaped assumptions about the American economy; they have also transformed the institution responsible for steering the ship. The naysayers have helped crack the facade of an omnipotent central bank pulling the strings of the economy. There is no wizard behind the curtain, but there are plenty of opinions — and no guarantee of getting it right.
“When all men think alike, no one thinks very much,” Plosser said in an interview last month, quoting writer Walter Lippman. “Life is not full of consensus and unanimity, particularly in these highly uncertain times.”
Exposition
Division is actually part of the Federal Reserve’s DNA.
The central bank was established a century ago with a decentralized structure: a board of governors based in Washington and 12 regional bank presidents across the country.
Today, that means the perspective of farmers in the Midwest, traders on Wall Street and tech entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley are all represented when Fed officials gather in the nation’s capital every six weeks to discuss the direction of the economy.
But for most of the Fed’s history, the discussion around the mahogany table was carefully concealed from the public. The central bank released no timely record of its decisions, much less the internal debate surrounding them. Monetary policy is by nature an arcane and abstract subject, and the dearth of information only added to the Fed’s impregnable aura.
But dissent was actually quite common at the central bank. An analysis by the St. Louis Fed of central bank meetings dating to 1957 shows about 6 percent of votes cast have been dissents, though the actual number varied widely by year. The record occurred in 1963 with 28 opposing votes. As the nation grappled with runaway inflation in 1980, 25 dissents were registered.
But dissent diminished as the country entered the long economic expansion that began in the early 1990s. That was partly the result of the Great Moderation — there is little to argue about when the economy is strong and bumps in the road are small and spaced out — and partly the result of Greenspan’s oligarchical leadership style. At meetings, he always spoke first, leaving officials to disagree at their own peril.
Members of the board of governors, once a raucous group, began voting in line with the chairman, a tradition that continues today. Opposition — when there was any — was left to the regional bank presidents.
The Fed started pulling back the curtain on its operations during this period of preternatural calm. Under Greenspan, the central bank began acknowledging its target for short-term interest rates, issuing policy statements and announcing the breakdown of its votes. During his 20 years in office, Greenspan averaged 0.54 dissents per meeting, according to the St. Louis Fed’s research, about half the rate of his predecessor, Paul Volcker.
In two years, 2000 and 2004, there were no dissents.
“I am not convinced that the decline in macroeconomic volatility of the past two decades was primarily the result of good luck,” then-Fed Gov. Ben S. Bernanke said in a speech in 2004. “My view is that improvements in monetary policy, though certainly not the only factor, have probably been an important source of the Great Moderation.”
Modern Fed
Ten years later, dissent is back in vogue.
Less than 48 hours after central bank officials wrapped up their meeting in Washington on Wednesday, Richmond Fed President Jeffrey Lacker registered an objection.
“I cannot support the committee’s planned approach to moving the Fed’s balance sheet toward its normal state,” he wrote. “It is unnecessary to the conduct of monetary policy, the central bank’s primary responsibility, and involves distributional choices that should be made through the democratic process and carried out by fiscal authorities, not by an independent central bank.”
Lacker has spent the years since the crisis warning that the Fed is overstepping its authority. The central bank has been propping up the housing sector by buying massive quantities of mortgage-backed securities. To Lacker, it is essentially distorting financial markets, helping to determine winners and losers.
He is the lone registered opponent of the Fed’s plan to hold onto those securities indefinitely. It is a position he should be used to by now: Lacker is tied for third place as the most contrarian Fed president in history.
“I think matters of very important principles are at stake,” he said an in interview last month. “We’re in uncharted territory with regard to . . . what central banks can and ought to do.”
Dissent is perhaps the inevitable consequence of the most tumultuous period in America’s economic history since the Great Depression. The Fed unleashed a battery of new tools to combat the financial crisis: rescuing flailing banks, slashing its target interest rate to zero and pumping unprecedented sums of money into the economy — and that was just the beginning.
Now, the central bank is trying to figure out how to scale back its support without rattling the recovery, spawning a whole new set of debates. Between 2006 and 2013, spanning the crux of the crisis, the rate of dissent jumped to an average of 0.74 per meeting, according to the St. Louis Fed. So far this year, there have been four dissents, for an average of 0.67 per meeting.
Two occurred after the Fed’s meeting Wednesday. Plosser and Fisher dissented over concerns that the official policy statement did not capture the progress of the recovery or leave the Fed enough flexibility to move quickly to raise interest rates.
“At the end of the day, it may not make a whole lot of difference,” Plosser said in an interview before the meeting. “But the point is to move the conversation in a way that raises the chance that we’re going to do it next time, or the time after that.”
Dissent at the Fed is a civil affair. Arguments are made with scatterplots and PowerPoints rather than the pointed rhetoric and attack ads that typically accompany politics in Washington. One of Bernanke’s innovations as chairman of the Fed was astoundingly simple: putting himself last on the meeting agenda to give others a chance to air their opinions first.
Janet L. Yellen has continued that tradition, and Fisher said his perspective receives an “extremely open and fair hearing.” On Wednesday, Yellen suggested she welcomes the debate.
“I think it’s very natural that the committee should have a range of opinion about a decision as crucial as what is the right time to begin to normalize policy,” Yellen said. “I don’t consider two dissents to be an abnormally large number.”
“When you have a lot of people with different views on the committee, you can’t muzzle them,” said Larry Meyer, head of Macroeconomic Advisers and a former Fed governor. “The price of diversity is dissent.”
The role of dissent
There is one big problem with going against the grain: You run the risk of being spectacularly and singularly wrong.
Take August 2008, when Fisher cast the lone dissenting vote because he wanted the central bank to increase interest rates. Less than two months later, investment bank Lehman Bros. had collapsed, the government was bailing out insurance giant AIG and the economy was in freefall.
“I wish I had the hindsight that I have now,” Fisher said. “Do I feel embarrassed by that dissent? Not one bit. . . . You have to have pretty thick skin in this business.”
Only a handful of dissents since the financial crisis have been in favor of the Fed acting more aggressively. Most of the time, they arise out of concern that the central bank has gone too far, too fast.
But being in the majority doesn’t always mean being right; it just means there’s more cover when you’re not. Fed consensus during the 1960s kept interest rates low despite growing inflationary pressures. It wasn’t until the 1980s that the central bank was able to put a lid back on prices.
“The pack was dead wrong,” Plosser said
Hoenig, the former Kansas City Fed president who ranks among the top five all-time dissenters, said the votes he second-guesses are those in which he held his tongue.
In the early 2000s, he said he believed the Fed should raise interest rates to help dampen what is now acknowledged to have been an overheating economy. But he compromised and voted with the majority to leave rates unchanged.
After the financial crisis, he changed his strategy. He dissented at every meeting in 2010 to protest the Fed’s stimulus campaign.
Hoenig was concerned that the program could distort financial markets and sow the seeds for inflation. So far, neither has come to pass. If anything, inflation has remained stubbornly below the Fed’s targets. And most economists agree that the problem with the Fed’s stimulus efforts in 2010 was that they ended too soon. The recovery failed to reach escape velocity, and the Fed launched yet another round of bond purchases whose trillion-dollar price tag has dwarfed all previous efforts.
None of that phases Hoenig, now the outspoken vice chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. He and other dissenters say they are fulfilling a broader purpose, one that lies at the heart of every public institution but from which the Fed for so long shied away: transparency.
“I recognize that when the debate is done, the majority carries the day and you respect that. But that doesn’t mean that you keep quiet. If you believe in transparency in the real sense, then the debate should not be confined,” Hoenig said. “I think to do other than that is to insult the public, frankly.”
The reality is that a rogue voter has little chance of changing the course of policy. In recent years, the board of governors and the head of the New York Fed have cast their vote alongside the Fed chairman. Only four other regional Fed presidents get to vote, and their numbers automatically put them in the minority.
Of course, Hoenig and other dissenters say history will be the ultimate arbiter of the wisdom of their warnings.
It took years before the consequences of low rates and lax regulation during the 2000s materialized. Plosser spent two decades arguing that the Fed should set an explicit target for inflation. The central bank finally adopted one in 2012, partly through his urging.
“You have to be careful about drawing quick judgments of who’s right and who’s wrong,” Fisher said. “Monetary policy operates with a long lag. This is a drama, a play, which is only in its second or third act.”
Ylan Q. Mui is a financial reporter at The Washington Post covering the Federal Reserve and the economy.

Name That Data! Week 9By Christopher Ingraham September 19 Follow @_cingraham
Here we are again, on the cusp of wasting yet another perfectly good Friday afternoon.
For your consideration this week I have a pair of time series that move in tandem. One is consistently higher than the other, but that gap has narrowed in recent decades. You know the drill - tell me what's in the chart, preferably by tweeting your answer to  @_cingraham with the hashtag #NameThatData, but emails and comments are cool too.
All will be revealed Monday morning.
Christopher Ingraham writes about politics, drug policy and all things data. He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center.

UP: Dalit youth beaten up  forced to eat excreta allegedly over land disputemore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Record cold grips northern New England  snow guns fire up at ski resortsSeveral locations from upstate New York to northern Maine set record lows this morning as an unusually early taste of cold weather clipped the region.
Temperatures fell to freezing or below in many locations.
Burlington, Vt. tied a record low of 32, previously established in 1959.   Massena, New York dipped to 28, breaking its record low of 30 from 2008.
It’s quite chilly out across the North Country this morning. How cold is it where you live, and did you have a frost? pic.twitter.com/1bceo2lTAh
— NWS Burlington (@NWSBurlington) September 19, 2014
 
The National Weather Service forecast office in Caribou, Maine documented widespread lows in the mid-to-upper 20s .
Houlton tied a record low this morning with 25°F. For a longer list of low temps, see http://t.co/wfC589K4Bp #mewx pic.twitter.com/71mBNLQJJm
— NWS Caribou (@NWSCaribou) September 19, 2014
 
Houlton, Maine fell all the way to 25 degrees, tying a record.
At the summit of Mt. Washington, in New Hampshire, the mercury crashed into the mid-teens.
Pic. from the Mtn. Washington Observatory showing frost. Temp. was 15.7 deg F. at 6:20 am. pic.twitter.com/OWWDC04V9m
— NWS Northeast RFC (@NWSNERFC) September 19, 2014
 
The sub-freezing temperatures were cold enough to test out snowmaking equipment at area ski resorts.
Maine’s Sunday River ski resort posted this video:

Politicians shouldnt sing. But sometimes they do  and we need your help rating their voices.By Jaime Fuller and Philip Bump September 19 Follow @j_fuller Follow @pbump
Beyonce performs during the season 10 American Idol Grand Finale at the Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles, California May 25, 2011. REUTERS/Michael Becker/FOX/Handout
This week, we were inspired by two things: the new reality TV show featuring two sitting senators on summer break, and the unearthed audio of Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) singing/speaking  "This Land Is Your Land." So the Fix decided to stage our own impromptu contest, wherein we judge a series of politicians for something they were never elected to do: sing.
We invite you to do the same. For each of the videos below, we graded politicians on a scale of 0-20 — the sum of Jaime and Philip each assessing the videos on a 0-10 scale. If the singers were awarded more than 10 points, they were given a rating of "Not Bad." Below 10 points, "Not Good." None of the videos are better than "Not Bad" (for obvious reasons).
You can also vote on each politician's chops. But if you disagree with us, you are wrong. After you vote, we'll explain why you were wrong.
Enjoy!
If you can't see the quiz below, click here .
1
Did you enjoy listening to Sen. Tom Coburn (R-Okla.) and Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.) sing?
Not good.

Party Diary: Emilie Brzezinskis art-exhibit opening draws bold-face art loversBy Emily Heil September 19 Follow @emilyaheil
The artist (center) greets NBC’s Andrea Mitchell. Photo by Frances Stead Sellers.
An eclectic bunch of art lovers, including diplomats and journalists, gathered Thursday evening at the Kreeger Museum for opening of the sculpture exhibit “The Lure of the Forest.” But of course luminaries are to be expected when the artist is Emilie Brzezinski, wife of Zbigniew Brzezinski, President Jimmy Carter’s national security adviser, and mother of MSNBC host Mika Brzezinski.
The exhibit, which runs through December, is sponsored by Stihl, the maker of the chainsaws Brzezinski uses to shape her sculptures from trees.
Emilie, left, and Mika Brzesinski. Photo by Frances Stead Sellers.
Zbigniew Brzezinski is interviewed in front of one of his wife’s sculptures. Photo by Frances Stead Sellers.
Emily Heil is the co-author of the Reliable Source and previously helped pen the In the Loop column with Al Kamen.

Ask Matt : How high can Alibaba goAP
Q: How high can Alibaba’s stock go?
A: Get ready for the biggest IPO in U.S. history. It’s not the size of the deal that matters most, but the price.
Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce company, is primed to start trading Friday if it sells shares to initial investors Thursday as expected. The company says it expects shares to be sold to initial investors at between $66 and $68 a share. That’s the price large investors, like pension funds and mutual funds can buy in.
Given the level of demand for the stock, and the valuation at $68 a share, analysts expect the stock to rise on the first day of trading. It’s impossible to predict how high the stock could go, but investors can make educated guesses. Market history is one way to look at this. The second largest after Alibaba is credit-card processor Visa, which sold shares to the public for $44 apiece in March 2008. The stock jumped 28% on the first day of trading. If Alibaba followed that pattern,something that can’t be expected, shares would hit $84.48 a share.
Here’s another way to look at it. Alibaba at $68 a share trades for roughly 45 times its earnings over the last fiscal year. If the company earns $2.30 a share over the next 12 months, as forecasted by Robert Maltbie at Millennium Asset Management, a 40 multiple gives the stock a $92 one-yearprice target. Maltbie says the stock is attractive under $80 a share.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Shareholder Voting for Gujarat Plant Likely in November: MarutiApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Maruti Suzuki India today said voting by minority shareholders over its move to let parent Suzuki Motor Corp own and invest in Gujarat plant will likely happen in November instead of October as earlier envisaged.
"It is a long procedure and we have not been able to put all the things in place. So we won't be able to do it in October. It is highly probable that the voting will be in November," Maruti Suzuki India Chairman RC Bhargava said on the sidelines of a conference.
Earlier, at an Assocham conference, when asked about the shareholders nod in this regard Bhargava said: "We have not finalised that. October will not be possible. Time is not adequate for that".
In March, under pressure from institutional investors, Maruti had decided to seek minority shareholders' approval after tweaking some of the earlier proposals for the controversial Gujarat plant.
The company needs three-fourth of the minority shareholders, who hold 44 per cent stake, to approve the proposal through a special resolution.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 15:54 (IST)

9 stocks so bad they ll make you sickEMAIL
AP
It’s been a breeze making money with stocks this year – for most investors. Stocks are moving higher as are corporate profits and revenue. But that’s why owning stocks not keeping up can make you sick.
There are 9 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including miner Newmont Mining (NEM) , cosmetics seller Avon Products (AVP) and accessory maker Coach (COH) that are down 20% or more from their 52-week highs, down over the past 12 months and that have posted lower revenue growth over the past 12 months, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
Why would stocks falling short in these three areas make investors feel sick? Owning these stocks means you completely missed out on two of the big pluses going for the market — higher stock prices and revenue. Investors might be willing to look past a struggling stock — even see it as a buying opportunity — if demand for the company’s products is growing and driving revenue higher. But these stocks don’t even have that.
Making these stocks that much harder to take is the fact the broad market is pushing to all-time record territory and has soared more than 17% over the past year. And corporate profits at companies are rapidly expanding, in part due to rising revenue. Revenue rose in each of the past four quarters by an average of 3.7% per quarter — not great, but still in positive territory, says S&P Capital IQ. And that revenue growth is enough to push operating earnings of the S&P 500 up 12.8% over the past 12 months, says S&P Dow Jones Indices.
Certainly, some of these stocks are more sickening than others.
The stock that’s so ugly it’s hard to look at it is Avon Products. The stock is down 41.9% from its 52-week high and off 38% over the past 12 months. Meanwhile, it’s not just the stock that’s acting badly. The company’s revenue was $9.2 billion in the 12 months ended in June, down 10%.
Chart source: MSN Money
Not to dwell on Avon, but it’s a good example of how picking the wrong stock can be a double whammy when the broad market is flying higher. Just look at Avon’s underperformance compared with the S&P 500 over the past 12 months. Owning Avon, rather than just the plain old S&P 500, cost investors 55%:
Chart source: MSN Money
Another stock that might trigger a gag reflex is Coach (COH) . Shares of this company are down 36% from their 52-week high and off 33% over the past 12 months. And not helping matters is the fact the company’s revenue is down 5.3% over the past 12 months. All this makes a nauseating chart:
Chart source: MSN Money
This can’t be stressed enough: The difference between a “good” stock and a “bad” one is a matter of timing. Some investors might have lucked out with a few of these stocks and picked a bottom and scored a short-term gain. And analysts see three of the nine stocks shaking off their stupor — rating them an “outperform.” But, on the other hand, that means analysts have “hold” or “underperform” on the remaining six stocks.
When the market is rip-roaring to new highs and corporate profits are soaring at most companies, any reminder of a stumble is enough to give investors a headache — or worse.
Below are the S&P 500 stocks that are down 20% or more from their 52-week highs, down over the past 12 months and posted lower revenue in the previous 12 months:
Company

PepsiCo s Indra Nooyi 3rd Most Powerful Businesswoman: FortuneIndian E-commerce Market to Hit $15 Billion in 2 Years: Google
PepsiCo's India-born CEO Indra Nooyi has been ranked the third most powerful businesswoman by Fortune. Ms Nooyi is the only Indian-origin woman on the 2014 list topped by IBM chairman and CEO Ginni Rometty and General Motors CEO Mary Barra.
Fortune said nearly half the women on 'The Most Powerful Women in Business 2014' list run huge companies, which is a record and "all are working hard to transform their businesses."
Ms Nooyi, 58, dropped from the second position she held last year.
Fortune said her innovation push is paying off at PepsiCo, which has increased research and development spending by 25 per cent since 2011.
In 2013, of the 50 bestselling new food and beverage products in the US, nine came from PepsiCo.
"In July the company raised its profit growth forecast for the year, which should help Nooyi counter calls by activist investor Nelson Peltz to break up the food and beverage giant," Fortune said.
Topping the list for the third time is Ms Rometty, whose strategy of investing in new technologies is showing results.
Even though IBM's revenue declined for the second consecutive year, falling nearly 5 per cent to $99.8 billion in fiscal 2013, its revenue rose 69 per cent for each division last year.
Ms Rometty has also signed strategic partnerships, such as a deal with Apple to provide IBM's services on the iOS platform. She has  pledged to invest $1 billion in the development and commercialisation of the cognitive computing system, another future growth area for the company.
Making a huge jump in the rankings is General Motors CEO Mary Barra, who is ranked second this year up from the 29th position last year.
Ms Barra became the auto industry's first female CEO in January and promptly faced GM's largest vehicle recall ever, 29 million so far from a faulty ignition switch linked to at least 13 deaths since 2005.
The list also includes aerospace and defence giant Lockheed Martin's chairman, CEO, and president Marillyn Hewson at number 4, bioscience firm DuPont CEO Ellen Kullman at rank 5 and Hewlett-Packard Chairman and CEO Meg Whitman on the sixth position.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 20:19 (IST)

How to Wipe Your Old iPhoneAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Z-Score  predicts doom of 6 companiesEMAIL
Photo source: VeriSign
Does it seem you’re the last to know when a company is in serious financial trouble and end up holding the worthless stock? There’s an early warning system all investors need to know about — the Altman Z-Score — that’s is calling out six companies for being in a tough spot.
The Z-Score — a financial indicator that predicts when companies are careening toward serious financial distress — is commonly used by investment professionals. And there’s no reason why individuals can’t use it, too.
The Z-Score is a single number that summarizes the financial strength of companies in five dimensions. The Z-Score examines companies by sizing up working capital, retained earnings, earnings before interest and taxes to total assets and sales to total assets as well as market value to book value of liabilities.
All that might sound complicated. But the bottom line is that the Z-Score gives investors a single number — almost like a letter grade — that tells how strong or shaky the company’s future is. If you can understand a letter grade, you can understand the Z-Score. And that’s the brilliance of it — and a mystery why the measure isn’t used by more individual investors who could benefit from it.
Interpreting the number has changed in recent years as more companies pile on additional debt. It used to be that companies with Z-Scores below 1.8 were in distress (that’s out of date information is listed in the Wikipedia entry on Z-Scores).
But in an interview with USA TODAY, Z-Score inventor Edward Altman said that now investors need to be most concerned about companies with Z-Scores of less than zero. A negative Z-Score is the stock equivalent of a company with a bond rating of CC or D, or in other words, in rough shape. Altman, a professor of finance at New York University’s Stern School of Business, invented the Z-Score in the late 1960s to help stock investors have an easy way to gauge the financial condition of companies.
The updated chart below from Altman shows how to interpret Z-Scores and how it’s changed over time:
Source: Edward Altman
So, which companies is the Z-Score warning investors about now? There are six companies in the Standard & Poor’s 1500 index, including Internet infrastructure company VeriSign (VRSN) , computer networker Ciena (CIEN) and publisher Time (TIME) that each have negative Z-Scores.
Below are the six companies in the S&P 1500 with Z-Scores of less than 0, which implies that serious financial distress could be coming in the future:
Company

Fortune : 50 most powerful women in businessFortune's 50 most powerful women in business
By: Kevin McCoy September 18, 2014 11:10 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
IBM CEO Ginni Rometty shown at a 2006 announcement of new solution portfolios and software. (Dima Gavrysh, AP)
Corrections & clarifications: A previous version of this post misspelled the first name of IBM CEO Ginni Rometty.
When Fortune magazine launched its annual list of the 50 most powerful women in business in 1998, most of the members came from fields that prize creativity, such as advertising, media, and publishing — with no heading blue chip firms.
No longer.
The 2014 list issued Thursday includes a record 24 women CEOs, or nearly half the total.
And the highlighted businesswomen command executive suites in tech, finance, agribusiness, aerospace and other sectors.
“Creativity is still a requirement for success, of course, but you no longer have to work in a ‘creative’ industry to advance as a woman,” writes Fortune’s Jennifer Reingold.
IBM CEO Ginni Rometty grabbed the top spot for the third year in a row, despite a second consecutive decline in revenue for the Armonk, N.Y.-based tech and consulting giant she leads. But IBM is also moving forward with strategic partnerships, including  deal to provide IBM’s services on Apple’s iOS platform.
Rounding out the rest of the top 10 are: Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors; Indra Nooyi, Ceo of Pepsico; Marillyn Hewson, CEO of Lockheed Martin; Ellen Kullman, CEO of DuPont; Meg Whitman, CEO of Hewlett-Packard; Irene Rosenfeld, CEO of Mondelez International; Pat Woertz, CEO of Archer Daniels Midland; Abigail Johnson, President of FMR (Fidelity Investments) and Sheryl Sandberg COO of Facebook.
Fortune editors compile the list based on four criteria:
The size and importance of the woman’s business in the global economy
The health and direction of the business
The arc of the woman’s career
Social and cultural influence.
In other highlight features of the 2014 list, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer is the youngest member of the 2014 group, at age 39. Sandberg is the highest paid, earning $38 million last year. And seven were named to their jobs in the last year.

Hathway Cable to raise Rs 150 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Hathway Cable to raise Rs 150 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 18, 2014 22:50 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Cable services firm Hathway Cable and Datacom on Thursday said it plans to raise Rs 150.40 crore through preferential allotment of shares accounting for 2.83 per cent stake to CLSA Global Markets PTE Ltd.
The company would allot 47,00,000 shares having face value of Rs 10 with a premium of Rs 310 to CLSA Global Markets PTE Ltd.
Hathway has called for an extra ordinary general meeting of the company on October 10 to get shareholders' approval, the company said in a filing to BSE.
"The equity shares shall be issued and alloted by the company to CLSA Global Markets PTE within a period of 15 days from the date of passing resolution," it added.
Promoters are holding 44.74 per cent share in Hathway Cable and Datacom and it would be reduced to 43.48 per cent post allotment.
CLSA Global Markets PTE would have 2.83 per cent of the share after the allotment.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 22:49 (IST)

Crippling cost of disparitiesUpdated: September 19, 2014 00:42 IST
Crippling cost of disparities
economy (general)
Redressing gender imbalances in employment could remedy the current climate of sluggish global economic recovery, the Labour Ministers of the Group of 20 countries were advised last week. This is perhaps the single most significant theme in the four joint reports issued by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, the World Bank Group and the International Labour Organisation ahead of a meeting in Melbourne. One of them dwells on the implications of the unfolding demographic transition — ageing and fall in fertility rates. Whereas shrinkage in the size of the workforce on account of ageing may vary depending on the time of superannuation, declining fertility would invariably result in reductions in the number of new entrants to labour markets. The economic case for women’s participation in the workforce could not have been stronger, the report contends. Female employment rates — the share of employed women to the total number of women in the working age population — in the bloc have seen a steady rise, reaching 60 per cent in 2012. However, there are variations of more than 10 percentage points in 15 of the 20 countries. These range from 7 percentage points in Canada to over 50 points in India and Saudi Arabia. The proportion of youth who are not in education, employment or training, at 10 per cent in many countries, is a matter of concern for India’s women.
Recovery in the G20 is also threatened because, with over 100 million people unemployed and 447 million living on less than $2 a day, consumption and investment are constrained, argues a second report. These concerns are important not merely in instrumental terms; they reflect underlying informal conditions of employment and the low quality of jobs which run counter to inclusive growth, shows a third study. Further, the G20 countries account for about 70 per cent (1.3 million) of global deaths from occupational diseases and 221,000 fatal accidents annually. Recurrent industrial mishaps in India, China, Turkey and other emerging economies in the bloc underpin the sharp discrepancies in compliance with international safety standards. Addressing each of these challenging scenarios acquires urgency; not in the least, against the backdrop of the G20 target to reorient policies to realise a 2 per cent addition to overall gross domestic product in the next five years. As the forum brings together the governments of nearly two-thirds of the world’s population, its wide-ranging initiatives could potentially transform the global response to the most pressing challenges of this century. The meeting of G20 Finance Ministers that is coming up this weekend at Cairns cannot afford to dilute the focus. As such, G20 leaders, who are set to meet in Brisbane in November, should strive to impart greater momentum to the changes.

Ask Matt: How low can Alibaba s IPO goAP
Q: How low can Alibaba’s IPO go?
A: Unless you’re a big-time investor, the chance of you buying into the Alibaba deal at the initial offering price is slim. But buying into the deal on the first day raises some big risks.
Once trading in Alibaba starts, investors need to be careful to not get too caught up in the frenzy. The deal is expected to be the largest U.S. initial public offering in history and analysts think the stock is being priced to allow it to trade higher. But investors who jump in and pay the inflated price on the first day could regret the decision, if the stock gets ahead of itself as pent up demand pushes the market price higher.
The best recent example is Castlight Health, a provider of cloud systems for health care. Shares of the IPO soared 149% from the offering price of $16 to close the first day at $39.80, says IPOScoop.com. But investors who jumped in paid dearly, as the stock is now down 67% from that first day close. Even Facebook, one of the biggest Internet IPOs, ended up losing about half its value in the months following its IPO in May 2012. IPOs are among the riskiest stocks investors can buy, so they’re not a good idea for most individual investors. For those wanting to participate, it’s often best to own IPOs in a diversified basket of stocks, such as the Renaissance IPO exchange-traded fund.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

British stocks  pound jump on Scots "no" voteEMAIL
 
Ballot boxes are brought for vote counting at the Emirates Sports Arena in Glasgow on Sept. 18, 2014, after the polls close in the referendum on Scotland’s independence. The question for voters at Scotland’s more than 5,000 polling stations is “Should Scotland be an independent country?” and they are asked to mark either “Yes” or “No”. The result was “No.” AFP PHOTO/ANDY BUCHANANAndy Buchanan/AFP/Getty Images ORG XMIT: 3163 ORIG FILE ID: 533540529
Financial markets around the globe breathed a sigh of relief as Scotland voted against  becoming an independent country, a news flash that removed much of the political and economic risk a separation from the U.K.would have caused.
In a 55% to 45% vote, Scotland voters opted to keep its more than 300-year-old union with Britain intact, ending a period of massive uncertainty for markets, especially those centered in London.
After the vote, stocks in London rose sharply, with the benchmark FTSE 100 index gaining nearly 0.8% to 6870. The blue-chip London stock gauge has now rallied nearly 2% since its recent low hit Tuesday on fears Scotland would vote “yes” for independence. Other major European stock indexes also rose, with Germany’s DAX up o.8%, the CAC in Paris 0.5% higher and the broader Stoxx 600 index up 0.8%.
The British pound also rallied sharply vs. the U.S. dollar, although much of the gains came Thursday in anticipation of the “no” vote and a strong relief rally once the vote results were announced Friday. The pound rose to 1.64 up from 1.6383 Thursday to its highest level since Sept. 3. At the peak of the fear surrounding Scotland’s possible exit from the U.K. the pound had fallen as low as 1.606.
Pre-market trading on Wall Street also pointed to a sympathy rally. In futures trading before the opening bell, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 70 points, or 0.4%, after hitting its 17th record of the year in Thursday trading at 17,265.99. The S&P 500-stock index was also trading up in the pre-market by 0.3%. The broad U.S. market gauge is also coming off a record-setting performance, notching its 34th record close of 2014 Thursday.
U.S. markets are eagerly awaiting the first day of trading for Alibaba, the Chinese Internet giant that priced its shares Thursday night at $68 per share, which means it will raise $21.8 billion, making it the largest U.S. IPO in history.
The “no” vote for independence in Scotland doesn’t put an end to all the political risks in the U.K., but what it does do is eliminate all the financial uncertainties surrounding a breakup, ranging from impacts on currencies and the divvying up of financial assets shared by Scotland and other U.K. members.

Alliance on the brink  BJP to send new seat-sharing formula to SenaComments
The Shiv Sena-BJP alliance was kept intact on Friday after senior leaders of both parties met and decided to begin negotiations with a new seat-sharing formula. The alliance had reached breaking point as the parties had suspended talks last week owing to differences over seat sharing for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls.
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray’s son Aaditya and senior party leader Subhash Desai held talks with BJP in-charge OP Mathur on Friday evening. At the time of going to press, both sides were engaged in discussions at the Mayor’s bungalow.
“We are still discussing things,” said Desai, adding that the alliance will survive.
The Sena has agreed to consider a new proposal for sharing seats — Sena’s 59 and BJP’s 19 — that both parties have not won in the last 25 years. This was agreed upon after the BJP refused to accept the 119 seats offer and reminded the Sena about the sacrifices it has made in the past to save the alliance.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Cabinet colleague Nitin Gadkari met twice in New Delhi on Friday to discuss the situation. Sources said it was on the PM’s instructions that the state core committee, which met Friday afternoon, proposed a new formula to the Sena. Gadkari, who was to visit the city on Friday evening, cancelled his trip citing health reasons.
Sources from the Sena said the party top brass was unwilling to accept less than 150 seats, while the under the formula suggested by the BJP, the former will get less than 150 seats and the latter would have around 125 seats, 10 less than their initial demand. The four smaller allies are proposed to be given 15 to 18 seats.
Read: Sene lashes out at Rajnath Singh on love jihad issue
State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis demanded that all doubts be cleared once and for all. “The two sides still have serious differences. The Sena says our demand is unjust, while we too feel they are unjust. We have many things to decide [before the final outcome is decided],” he said.
Friday’s moves, however, have not brought relief to the cadre of both parties, as there is still no outcome with the process of filing nominations beginning on Saturday.
Read: Silent on Sena, Shah urges workers to bring BJP to power
Eknath Khadse, Opposition leader in the Assembly, said his party had given six Lok Sabha seats and one Rajya Sabha seat to the Sena in the past. “Most of them were sitting positions. Of late, we accommodated RPI’s Ramdas Athvale on the Rajya Sabha seat held by Prakash Javadekar,” said Khadse, after the BJP state core committee meeting.
The tension between the allies escalated after the BJP demanded an equal share of the state’s 288 Assembly seats, citing the Lok Sabha poll results, where they won 23 seats against the Sena’s 18. In 2009, the Sena had contested 169 seats and the BJP 119, winning 44 and 46, respectively. Later, talks were suspended after Udhhav Thackeray raised doubts over the impact of a Modi wave in the state polls.
Read: Shah shrugs off loss, says rivals have grown wings
On Thursday, BJP’s national president Amit Shah had asked for an immediate response from the Sena, but his demand for protecting the BJP’s self-esteem did not go well with their ally. Sniffing “arrogance” in Shah’s statements made at public rallies in western Maharashtra, the Sena said no one could issue them an ultimatum and asked the BJP to accept 119 seats or forget the pact.

Today s links: Alibaba! Scotland! Russia! Airline food!Today's links: Alibaba! Scotland! Russia! India!
By: John Waggoner September 19, 2014 9:08 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Alibaba raises a record $21.8 billion in its initial public offering, selling 320.1 million shares at $68 apiece . What will it do with all that money? Finance movies , says the New York Post.
AFP PHOTO / ANDY BUCHANAN
There will always be a Scotland. But it will still be part of the United Kingdom . Shares of Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyd’s surge along with European stocks.
The financial markets look ahead, and what they’re seeing about Russia isn’t good : The ruble is rubble, stocks are down 6%, and bank borrowing costs are hitting record highs.
Santander Consumer USA paid a second-quarter dividend, raising the wrath of the Federal Reserve . The bank failed its stress test in March. Santander is a large subprime auto lender.
Citigroup told the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit that obeying its order not to pay Argentine bondholders would cause the bank “ serious and imminent hazard.”  The bank is the latest of a group of banks and shareholders caught in the crossfire between hedge-fund managers and Argentina.
Remember that time three years ago, when the assets of State Street’s GLD ETF passed those of its S&P 500 ETF ? Josh Brown takes us on a trip down memory lane.
Market breadth by market cap. Breadth refers to the numbers of gainers vs. losers: The more gainers, the more breadth, and good breadth is a good thing. Market technicians use a simple measure called the advance-decline line: Simply subtract the number of losers from gainers and chart the cumulative results over time . Small company stocks have very little breadth at the moment; large company stocks have lots of breadth .
“Breadth” is not to be confused with “breath,” of course. “An Indian sport called Kabaddi tests a team’s breath control. Kabaddi’s rules would seem irredeemably arcane until one learns that 435 million Indian television viewers watched the Star Sports Pro Kabaddi League during its inaugural five-week run this year,” Marginal Revolution says.

Revolving door keeps smacking CEOsRevolving door keeps smacking CEOs
By: Matt Krantz September 19, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AFP/Getty
Clorox (CLX) , Jetblue (JBLU) and Oracle (ORCL) all got new CEOs this week. But investors shouldn’t think the CEO revolving door is spinning any faster than usual.
There have been 75 changes announced at the CEO level of companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 this year, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ. These announcements primarily include the naming of new CEOs or that the existing CEOs are resigning or retiring. This might seem like a tremendous level of turnover, but it’s actually slightly below the pace of the previous three years.
At its current pace, there would be 100 CEO change announcements made in 2014. That’s roughly behind the 109 CEO changes announced in 2013, 113 announced in 2012 and 110 announced in 2011.
The number of CEO level change announcements made by companies in the S&P 500:
Year
Sources: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY
Some of the more notable CEO changes this year include:
* The end of an era. Goodbye, Larry Ellison at Oracle. Ellison, 70, personified one of the last symbols of the original founding fathers of tech in charge of the company he founded in the 1970s when computing first took off. Oracle joins Microsoft (MSFT) and Apple (AAPL) as pioneers in computing that have handed leadership to the next generation. Microsoft named a new CEO, Satya Nadella, back in January 2014.
* Most tragic. There have been several CEOs that have stepped down due to health issues. Robert Benmosche, the CEO behind the turnaround of insurer American International Group (AIG) , announced his resignation in June. Benmosche has long been struggling with cancer. Another shocking development occurred on September 11 when bank Hudson City (HCBK) announced its CEO Ronald Hermance died unexpectedly.
* Big shoes to fill. Mark Fields was named CEO of Ford Motor (F) effective July 1. He comes in after the retirement of Alan Mulally, the charismatic CEO widely credited for navigating Ford through the depths of the financial crisis.
* Under fire. Following the massive data breach at Target (TGT) , the company’s CEO was called into question. CEO Gregg Steinhafel announced his resignation from the retailer in May. And in August, Darden Restaurants CEO Clarence Otis announced he was stepping down. The company has been under pressure by investment firm Starboard to improve its financial performance.
* The most recent. The announcements that brought up the topic of CEO turnover hit Thursday. In addition to Oracle’s Ellison, airline Jetblue Dave Barger announced he was stepping down. That same day, consumer product company Clorox said CEO Donald Knauss would be replaced.
Keep in mind these tallies are of CEO change announcements, which includes in some cases an announcement of the old CEO’s resignation and separately the appointment of a new CEO. But the general trend shows that while CEO’s jobs are often not secure, they’re no less secure than in recent history.
15880829

PM Narendra Modi has spoken from his heart: BJPPrint
BJP leaders, however, did not reply when asked if Modi's words would not prove counter-productive to his image of being a staunch Hindu nationalist.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 7:41 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 7:55 pm
Endorsing Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s remarks “appreciating” the patriotic spirit of Indian Muslims, BJP on Friday said he has spoken “from his heart” what he and the party always believed in and it will send an important message that will strengthen the nation.
“This is a very positive statement, as he has been saying this earlier also. This has been his thought earlier too when he has appreciated the patriotic spirit in Indian Muslims. This will further strengthen the country,” BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said.
His party colleague and spokesperson M J Akbar said, “ Today’s statement is a very powerful affirmation by the Prime Minister of his faith – intellectual as well as emotional.He is a man of deep conviction. His nationalism is all embracing. This is a very important message given out by him from his heart. It will have a very positive impact on society.”
He said Modi has been a genuine discipline of Swami Vivekananda and by his words he has acted as a “binder” in society and will help erase unnecessary and irrelevant controversies shrouding him.
“This is a befitting reply to our political opponents, who have been attempting to tarnish his image all along. Modi has come out with his mind, as he has in the past by saying so,” Hussain said.
He said the Prime Minister has only voiced the party’s opinion towards the minority community as he is now the “tallest leader in the party”.
“Modi’s statements are fine. Indian Muslims have always lived and would die for the nation,” he said.
The BJP leaders, however, did not reply when asked if Modi’s words would not prove counter-productive to his image of being a staunch Hindu nationalist and would not be viewed as an attempt to “appease” the minority community.
Modi in an interview to CNN said that the patriotism of Indian Muslims could not be questioned and said that they will live and die for India and not dance to the tunes of terror outfit Al Qaeda.
“Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India – they will not want anything bad for India,” he told CNN in a rare media interview.
He was asked about the head of Al Qaeda issuing a video and an appeal trying to create an Al Qaeda in India- South Asia saying he wants to free Muslims from the “oppression” they face in Kashmir and Gujarat.
Modi’s statement about Indian Muslims comes ahead of his visit to the United States where he will address the UN General Assembly.
This is a very important message given out by him from his heart. It will have a very positive impact on society, said M J Akbar.

Hours after withdrawing  Chinese troops cross into Chumar region againPrint
Press Trust of India | Leh/new Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 7:34 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 7:37 pm
Hours after withdrawing from the Chumar region in Ladakh, Chinese PLA soldiers were on Friday reported to have crossed into Indian territory again and stationed themselves on a hillock.
Official sources said about 35 PLA men returned to Chumar in northeast Ladakh and were perched on a hillock claiming the area to be part of China while another 300 soldiers were maintaining presence close to Line of Actual Control (LAC).
The standoff in Demchok and Chumar had cast a shadow on Thursday’s summit talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
The Indian Army, which had starting scaling down operations from the area following the Chinese withdrawal on Thursday night, put a halt and again started pitching their tents for a possible fresh stand-off, the sources said.
They said that nearly 300 Chinese soldiers were spotted across the perceived LAC with many of them stationed in their vehicles while others on foot.
This, the sources said, was apparently done by Chinese PLA as the Indian army had not completely withdrawn from the region which is part of Jammu and Kashmir.
Chinese troops, without any border meeting, had started withdrawing from the area at 9:45 PM and the Indian army had also started reducing their presence in the area.
However, as a part of its drill, some Army presence was maintained in the area to verify whether the Chinese had actually returned to their territory which was possible only after the break of dawn tomorrow.
In the morning, after Indian army spotted PLA presence close to the LAC, it was decided to stop reducing its troops till it was verified that the Chinese have gone back to their camps located 10 kms from the LAC.
The tension in this area heightened on Sunday when some of the Chinese workers, who were constructing road on their side, started entering into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build road up to Tibet, five km deep into the Indian territory.

Android One: What is Googles big gamePrint
There is also a huge business opportunity for Google in just expanding the number of Internet users globally, after all it is the largest digital advertising company in world.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 7:28 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 11:02 am
India is now the world’s third largest Internet market and “on a bullet train to become the second”. But even when we become the second with around 300 million Internet users, India would still have over 75 per cent of the population that has no access to this so-called information superhighway. It is this chunk of population that will form the “next billion” which companies like Nokia, and now Google, has been talking about. And it is this next billion that Google thinks will line up to buy and good smartphone that is also affordable.
With its Android One programme, Google hopes to be able to give users the best hardware-software combo at a very reasonable price of $100 to start with. At the moment it has done this with three devices from Indian smartphone makers, all with the same specifications and all priced around Rs 6,400. Soon, it will try and hit this sweet spot across various price points above and below $100, offering the best experience at that range. It will also have more partners on board as it spreads the Android One experiment to other countries in Asia and then the rest of the world.
Micromax Canvas A1
But things are not that easy. The market has changed since Sundar Pichai, Google senior vice president for Android, Chrome and Apps,  announced Android One earlier this year. Now you have Firefox’s ultra-low cost smartphones priced at just around $35, or Rs 2,000 in India. There are a bunch of Android, or Android-based phones, with price tags similar to Android One, but sporting slightly better specifications. The market is really crowded at the bottom and Google’s struggle will be to make people understand the value proposition it is offering.
Karbonn Sparkle V
That would be access to the pure Android experience, now available only on Nexus devices that are priced much higher. This also means first access to new Android updates and a much more controlled environment than the bloatware-filled ecosystem that it is now. Plus, there is the added advantage of free data offerings that would come bundled with the phone in a bid to get new users hooked to the potential of smartphones and having Internet literally at their fingertips. To break the language barrier, the second largest obstacle to smartphone adoption after price, there are also features like Google Translate which now has Hindi-English-Hindi packs and voice search which now recognises the national language. Add to this Google’s promise to make YouTube available offline on these phones in the coming months and users might just see good value in opting for one of continued…

17th Asian Games off to colourful start  and in Incheon  it had to be in Gangnam styleA successful Incheon Games would go a long way to allaying any concerns that South Korea will struggle to be ready. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Incheon | Posted: September 19, 2014 7:23 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 12:53 am
The 17th Asian Games opened in a multi-coloured blaze of fireworks and carefully crafted K-Pop routines on Friday, as athletes from the world’s most populous region came together in pursuit of gold and glory in South Korea.
An array of Olympians and regional sports stars will compete over 15 days of competition in Incheon where South Korean President Park Geun-hye and Olympic chief Thomas Bach were among the powerful figures watching a vivid opening ceremony.
Athletes dressed in colourful national garb, sharp suits and comfortable tracksuits waved to a crowd of 60,000, who offered enthusiastic welcomes to delegations from 45 countries including the South’s belligerent neighbour, North Korea.
South Korean culture, known as the ‘Korean Wave’ or Hallyu, has swept through Asia in recent years generating billions of dollars in revenue from drama and pop music and Friday’s ceremony drew heavily on its influence.
Actress and model Lee Young-ae, the face of countless commercials across the region, lit the Asian Games cauldron and ‘Gangnam Style’ singer Psy delivered a rousing finale.
The ceremony, dubbed: ‘Dream of 4.5 billion people, One Asia,’ also featured traditional Korean performances of song, dance and poetry as athletes stood shoulder to shoulder behind the flags of 45 countries at the Incheon Asian Main Stadium.
Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Sabah, the president of the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA), told the athletes: “We are delighted to welcome you and are looking forward to seeing you compete and perform based on fair play and respect.
“You are the heart and soul of the Games.”
DUEL IN THE POOL
From weightlifting to wushu, rowing to rugby sevens and swimming to sepaktakraw, the Games will showcase elite Asian talent in 36 sports, with the first of 439 gold medals to be awarded in the women’s 10 metre air pistol team event on Saturday.
Much of the attention will be focused on the pool where Olympic champions Sun Yang of China and South Korea’s homegrown hero Park Tae-hwan will meet in a series of freestyle duels.
China has topped the medals table at the last eight Asian Games and is expected to do so again, while the hosts’ target is finishing second, above fierce rivals Japan, for the fifth straight Asiad.
China’s vast delegation includes badminton great Lin Dan and London Olympic gold medallist Yi Shiwen while Japan expect great things from a swim team that took seven golds at the recent Pan Pacific Championships.
Olympic champions Yang Hak-seon and Lee Yong-dae will spearhead South Korea’s campaign for 90 golds on home soil in a Games that will also put Korea’s financial muscle and logistical capabilities to the test once again.
After hosting the Asian Games in 1986 and 2002, and the Olympics in 1988, South Korea will stage continued…
Compete and perform based on fair play and respect. You are the heart and soul of the Games

Congress questions timing of Modis statement on Indian MuslimsPrint
Congress also sought to know whether his statement is a sincere voice coming from his heart.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 7:16 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 7:32 pm
 
Questioning the timing of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s statement ahead of his US visit that Indian Muslims will live and die for India, Congress on Friday wondered whether BJP and its other leaders adhere to it.
It also sought to know whether his statement is a sincere voice coming from his heart.
ALSO READ:  Indian Muslims won’t dance to the tunes of Al-Qaeda, they will live and die for the country: Narendra Modi
“What the Prime Minister has said is welcome and there cannot be any objection to it. But did he take his colleagues Yogi Adityanath, Giriraj Singh and Amit Shah on board on the issue as they have often been heard saying something else.
“He has made this statement but let us see whether his party adheres to his statement,” party spokesman Salman Khurshid told reporters.
Noting that martyrs like Brigadier Usman and Abdul Hamid have shown their love for the country through their martyrdom, he wondered as to why the Prime Minister has made the remark ahead of his visit to the US and not from the ramparts of the Red Fort in his Independence Day address.
“I am a little surprised that this needed to be said by the Prime Minister. One cannot question it but certainly inquire whether this is a sincere voice coming from his heart. I am a little surprised that the Prime Minister took so long to understand this….. What is the reason that he said this ahead of his visit to the US. Why did he not say that when he was addressing the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort,” Khurshid, a former External Affairs Minister, said.
ALSO READ:  Al-Qaeda declares new front to wage war on India, calls for jihad in the subcontinent
Congress General Secretary Digvijay Singh, a known detractor of Modi, also had a dig at him.
“Modi ‘Patriotism of Muslims can’t be questioned and they can give their Life for the Country.’ What a pleasant Turn Around ! Does he mean it?,” he tweeted.
 
Modi “Patriotism of Muslims can’t be questioned and they can give their Life for the Country.”What a pleasant Turn Around ! Does he mean it?
— digvijaya singh (@digvijaya_28) September 19, 2014
The Congress reaction ridiculing Modi’s remarks came after the Prime Minister said in a television interview that Indian Muslims will live and die for India and that they will not dance to the tunes of terror outfit Al Qaeda
“My understanding is that they are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country. If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional.
“Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India–they will not want anything bad for India,” he told CNN in a rare media interview.

Security forces bust NSCN(IM) detention centre in DimapurPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 19, 2014 6:57 pm
Two days after police unearthed an illegal “tax” racket allegedly run by the NSCN(IM) through some transport companies in Nagaland, security forces have busted an illegal “detention centre” that was being run for more than seven years by the same group.
Security forces which had launched an operation based on specific information, busted the illegal “detention centre” on Wednesday evening at a locality called Half Nagarjan on the outskirts of Dimapur and rescued two persons who were found tied with heavy chains around their ankles there.
Giving this information, Guwahati-based Defence PRO Lt Col Suneet Newton said the two persons who were rescued from the “detention camp” were identified as Rinthar Tangkhul (36) of Ukhrul (Manipur) and Chuba Ao (25) of Mokokchung (Nagaland). “The detainees were being confined under most inhuman and despicable conditions. These detainees informed the search party that the ‘detention centre’ was being run by six military wing cadres of NSCN(IM) led by one self-styled Captain Hoito Sumi,” Lt Col Newton said.
While all the six persons who were present in the house admitted on apprehension that they belonged to the NSCN(IM), they also confessed that the “detention camp” was there for seven years. “On further investigation it emerged that the ‘detention centre’ has been in existence for seven years and was used as a base for carrying out extortion, abductions, kidnappings, collection of ransom apart from serving as a place for illegal confinement,” the Defence PRO said.
Interestingly, the NSCN(IM) was found involved in such activities despite its leaders engaging themselves in peaceful negotiations with the government of India for the past 17 years.
Lt Col Newton also informed that all these illegal activities are being carried out in Dimapur by the NSCN(IM) under the code-name “Operation Acceleration Dimapur Town” and it was headed by one self-styled Lt Col Nagaho. “During the search of the ‘detention centre’, a number of incriminating documents were found. These included illegal tax collection slips, work permit cards, vehicle documents of individuals from whom money was being extorted, details of target businessmen etc,” he added.
Earlier this week, the police had unearthed a a well-organized network of illegal taxation on transport and commercial vehicles which was reportedly controlled by the NSCN(IM). The “tax” was collected with the help of as many as 17 transport and goods companies operating from Dimapur, the commercial hub and only railways head of Nagaland.

Modi says Indian Muslims will live and die for India  won t dance to the tune of al QaedaAl Qaeda would be delusional to think Indian Muslims will respond to its call to launch a jihad in the region, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said, praising the community’s love of the country.
 
"They are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country," Modi told CNN, which aired excerpts of his pre-recorded interview on Friday.
 
"If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India -- they will not want anything bad for India."
 
It was Modi's first reaction to al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri's announcement this month that the group would set up a new operation to wage jihad in South Asia, which has a large but traditionally moderate Muslim population. A few days later it claimed responsibility for the failed hijacking a Pakistani naval ship.
Read: Congress questions timing of Modi's statement on Indian Muslims
 
There have been relatively few reports of young Indian men leaving to fight Islamist causes abroad. Only recently four young men from Maharashtra were believed to have travelled to Iraq to fight for the Islamic State.
 
Modi said the threat from Islamist extremist groups was "a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race.
 
"We have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else," he added.
 
Modi's comments come amid a debate within his Bharatiya Janata Party about how to deal with religious minorities after an inflammatory by-election campaign drew the ire of rights activists and failed to win over voters.
 
Yogi Adityanath, the party’s star campaigner in the recent by-elections in Uttar Pradesh, has been accused of delivering inflammatory speeches against Muslims.
 
Ahead of a visit to meet US President Barack Obama later this week, Modi said ties between the United States and India, a Cold War ally of the Soviet Union, will continue to improve.
 
"From the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century we have witnessed a big change," Modi said.
 

Alibaba opens at $92.70 in NYSE debutAlibaba closes at $93.89 in NYSE debut
By Nicole Bullock and Eric Platt in New York and Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8150f416-4002-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BABA eases  YHOO and BIDU fall; See latest hereData is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis
© 2014 CNBC LLC.  All Rights Reserved.

Ajit Singh sticks to memorial demand  government says threats won t work (Roundup)Ajit Singh sticks to memorial demand  government says threats won t work (Roundup)
Scots vote shows pitfalls  opportunities for EU referendumScots vote shows pitfalls  opportunities for EU referendum
U.S. won t telegraph when air strikes on Syria to begin: RiceU.S. won t telegraph when air strikes on Syria to begin: Rice
PM Modi meets senior ministers to discuss  Clean India MissionPM Modi meets senior ministers to discuss  Clean India Mission
Larry Ellison to step down as Oracle s chiefLarry Ellison to step down as Oracle s chief
KG-D5 production will start by 2018: ONGCKG-D5 production will start by 2018: ONGC
Alibaba jumps more than 40 pc in trading debut on NYSEAlibaba jumps more than 40 pc in trading debut on NYSE
Retailers shut brick-and-mortar stores  go online to offset slow growthKotak-ING Vysya deal a slap on foreign banks’ face
Florence is just one of several retailers that are moving online to offset slow growth and high operating costs. Pradeep Gaur/Mint
Mumbai: Florence Clothing Company is downing shutters—but only in the real world. It will continue to grow online, where it has had a presence on Snapdeal for around 18 months, and its products will also be available through department stores and hypermarkets.
Florence is just one of several retailers that are moving online to offset slow growth and high operating costs.
“We will close all our stand-alone stores as soon as the rental deals are over. The overhead operating costs are high and we will save Rs.1.5 lakh per store per month if we close them as we save on rentals, utilities and other costs,” said Karan Chugh , proprietor, Florence Clothing. Florence has almost doubled its revenue from Rs.6.5 crore for the year-ended March 2013 to Rs.12.5 crore for the year-ended March 2014, claimed Chugh. It has already closed three of its 10 stand-alone brick-and-mortar stores, all of which make losses, according to Chugh.
MK Synthetics, a Bangalore-based wholesaler of silk saris, is another such. It has closed three of its 10 stand-alone stores in the past month and entered into an exclusive partnership with Flipkart . “Our brick and mortar retail business is credit based and has low returns. Whereas online, we get the order first and then fulfil it, giving us a better view of our inventory and return on investment,” said Chirag Pavecha , manager, MK Synthetics.
Soulflower , an organic handmade personal care products brand from Mumbai, closed its stand-alone store at Inorbit Mall in Mumbai and is focusing on online sales and its shop-in-shop sales through departmental stores Lifestyle and Shoppers Stop . “The return on investment in stand-alone stores is not worth our time. We can double our sales if we put that same money and focus on e-commerce as compared to stand-alone stores,” said Amit Sarda , managing director, Soulflower India Pvt. Ltd, which sells online through Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon . For Soulflower, the like-to-like growth in multi-brand outlets is 40% and online, over 1,000%.
Almost every second retailer is now online and some may well be small retailers with just a handful of stores in a region, said Kumar Rajagopalan , chief executive officer, Retailers Association of India.
“People have started thinking of their online business as a primary source of business,” said Ankit Nagori , vice-president, Flipkart. Most sellers see a 100% growth quarter-on- quarter, he adds. Flipkart has a seller base of 50,000.
Sellers on Snapdeal too are growing at a similar pace. “We have grown by 600% y-o-y for the last two years. This is a result of and proportional to the growth witnessed by sellers on Snapdeal.com,” said Rohit Bansal , co-founder and chief operating officer, Snapdeal. The website is looking at growing its vendor base to 100,000 in the next 12 months from about 30,000 currently.
It’s a similar story on Amazon.in.
According to Amit Deshpande , director and general manager, seller services, Amazon India, the company has thousands of Indian as well as global brands. “We have a total selection of 1.7 crore products across 29 departments and are adding more products to this selection even as we speak,” he said.
For vendors, there is no cost of setting up a store on portals such as Flipkart or Snapdeal. A vendor can register and get onboard with Snapdeal in just four hours. Both provide cataloging, packaging and logistics support. However, once they start selling, they have to pay a commission to the platform. At Flipkart, the commission on apparel is 15% and electronics, 5%.
“Earlier, merchants saw Internet as a threat. But it is the other way round now and they see Internet as an enabler,” said Bansal.
The online platform is also finding favour with big brands such as Puma and Nike and also with international brands looking to launch in India. For instance, brands such as Dorothy Perkins and Miss Selfridge are only available online on sites such as Jabong and Myntra .
To be sure, online retail is just a fraction of the $554 billion retail market at 0.4%. However, it is growing fast. “Online retail is expected to see 50-60% CAGR (compounded annual growth rate) in the next three years,” said Ajay Srinivasan, director, Crisil Research, in an earlier interview.
Even in markets such as South Korea, which has the highest Internet penetration in the world, offline retail accounts for 75% of all retail. In markets such as the US, e-commerce accounts for just 10% of the overall retail market, said Kunal Bahl , founder and chief executive officer, Snapdeal.com.

A sobering moment for the BJPUpdated: September 19, 2014 01:54 IST
A sobering moment for the BJP
Sanjay Kumar
The Hindu The BJP’s vote share in these by-polls declined in all the States
TOPICS
election
The party’s poor performance in the recent by-elections comes as a wake-up call before next month’s Assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra
The results of the recent by-elections have sprung many surprises. Though the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has lost many seats, this defeat should neither be seen as a verdict against the policies of the Central government nor as a sign of declining trust of the people in the Central government and declining popularity of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. But it would also be equally incorrect to say the BJP should not worry about these results as they hardly affect the stability of any government.
There seem to be enough reasons for the BJP to worry as the reverses in Gujarat, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh seem to be contrary to past trends. The incumbent party at the Centre and its allies had won almost two-thirds and four-fifths of the Assembly by-elections post the 2004 and 2009 Lok Sabha elections in States where they were in power. The BJP’s vote share in these by-polls declined in all the States as compared to the party’s vote share in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. A deeper worry for the BJP could be that it seems to be losing momentum, as this is not the first round of by-polls where it failed to perform well. In the last two rounds of by-polls too, the BJP’s performance had been below par.
Though the Samajwadi Party (SP) managed to wrest eight seats from the BJP, it would be committing a mistake if it saw these results as an approval of the work done by its government in U.P. in the last two and half years. And although the Congress managed to win three seats each in Gujarat and Rajasthan, it would be premature for the party to identify this as a sign of its revival in these States.
Continuation of earlier trends
The SP’s victory in U.P. was in some ways a continuation of earlier trends as even after the 2004 and 2009 Lok Sabha elections, State incumbents had won 66 per cent and 46 per cent of the by-polls in States where the Central and State incumbents were different. However, it is still important to understand the nature of these victories and the possible factors behind them, as the BJP and its ally Apna Dal had won all these seats in 2012 and were ahead in 10 Assembly segments in the 2014 Lok Sabha election. Some seats like Thakurdwara and Bijnor can be considered to be BJP strongholds as the party has won them multiple times in the last two decades. The SP could be misjudging the results if it sees these victories as an indicator of increasing popularity for the party.
An analysis of the demographic profile and past electoral trends of the eight constituencies that the BJP lost clearly shows that the absence of the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) had a crucial impact on the local electoral arithmetic. Our analysis shows that almost all of these seats have sizeable proportion of Dalit or Muslims voters.
The BSP seems to be an important player in these seats as it was the runner-up in five and three seats respectively in the 2012 Vidhan Sabha and 2014 Lok Sabha election (based on leads in Assembly segments). The absence of the BSP and weakening of the Congress made these direct contests between the BJP and SP. This along with the Hindutva-loaded campaign of the BJP resulted in a sharp consolidation of Muslim voters in favour of the SP. Victories for the SP in some of the Dalit-dominated constituencies such as Sirathu and Charkhari indicate that there could have also been a shift of Dalit voters in favour of SP candidates. The fact that the drop in voter turnout in these two constituencies as compared to the 2012 Vidhan Sabha election was much lower than the average indicates that despite the BSP’s absence, Dalits voted this election. The BJP’s vote share in these 11 constituencies has increased as compared to the 2012 Lok Sabha election (as the contest turned almost bipolar) but the majority of the BSP voters seem to have shifted to the SP. The increase in the SP’s vote share as compared to 2012 (27.8 percentage points) was almost five times the increase in the BJP’s vote share (5.7 percentage points).
Decrease in vote share
There has also been a massive decline in the vote share of the BJP in these States. The BJP’s vote share in the by-poll constituencies in Rajasthan declined by 10.8 percentage points as compared to 2014 and 8.2 percentage points as compared to the 2013 Assembly election. The Congress on the other hand managed to increase its vote share by 17.5 percentage points as compared to the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. What is surprising about the BJP’s loss in Rajasthan is that this has occurred within the first year of the new BJP government coming to power. One would have expected the BJP to win all four Assembly seats as it is currently enjoying a “double honeymoon” phase in the State.
Performance in Gujarat
Similarly the party may find it difficult to justify why it lost in Gujarat in seats which are considered the party’s strongholds — it had been going strong in Khambhalia since 1995 and had won the other two seats in 2007 and 2012. Even though the BJP managed to win six of the nine Assembly seats this time, its vote share declined by more than 11 percentage points as compared to the 2014 Lok Sabha election. Interestingly, in both Rajasthan and Gujarat, the increase in the Congress’s vote share is much higher than the negative shift of the BJP. This also seems to indicate some degree of consolidation of the opposition vote against the BJP.
The BJP should be cautious in celebrating its victories in Silchar in Assam and Basirhat Dakshin in West Bengal. Rather than considering these successes as opportunities for making inroads into these States, the party should consider them to be consolation prizes and incentives to continue expanding its organisational base.
Undoubtedly, the real winners of this round are the SP in U.P. and the Congress in Gujarat and Rajasthan. The by-polls can be considered a warm up to the bigger electoral race in Haryana and Maharashtra next month. This defeat comes as a wake-up call for the BJP before next month’s Assembly elections; the party should guard against complacency. The BJP should remember that the national wave that it had managed to create in the Lok Sabha election is not eternal.
(Sanjay Kumar is Director, Centre for the Study of Developing Societies (CSDS) and Pranav Gupta is a researcher with Lokniti, a research programme of CSDS.)

FT haiku writing contestWinning poem captures business trip in a single moment’s anxiety
Nov 12, 2014 MANAGEMENT
Two poems from the brighter end of the spectrum about incidents in the office
Nov 6, 2014 MANAGEMENT
Judge Jim Kacian gives examples of haiku dealing with this week’s topic: work travel
Nov 5, 2014 MANAGEMENT
We plumb the dark side of life with this poem
Oct 29, 2014 MANAGEMENT
The birds and the snails
Oct 23, 2014 MANAGEMENT
This week’s winning poem unites us all in the Monday morning rain
Oct 16, 2014 MANAGEMENT
Empathy and a bridleless racehorse win this week’s contest
Oct 9, 2014 MANAGEMENT
Offline loneliness and a kiss between the day and night shifts prove the judge’s favourites
Oct 9, 2014 MANAGEMENT
Ancient poems on ‘the commute’ are harder to find than modern ones
Oct 2, 2014 MANAGEMENT
How origami birds flying south won over our judge to come out tops
Sep 25, 2014 MANAGEMENT

A Chinese Company Just Announced the Biggest IPO in U.S. HistoryJack Ma, chairman of the Alibaba Group.
Photo by Yoshikazu Tsuno/AFP/Getty Images
After months of anticipation, Alibaba's initial public offering has cemented its place in history as the biggest IPO ever in the U.S. Shares of the Chinese e-commerce giant, which does more sales than Amazon and eBay combined, were priced at $68 apiece on Thursday to raise $21.8 billion. No IPO in the U.S. has previously topped the $20 billion mark, though Facebook came close with $16 billion in 2012 and Visa raised $17.9 billion in 2008. The world record for largest offering is held by Agricultural Bank of China, which raised $22 billion in 2010.
Alibaba has been closely watched by investors as it planned its offering over the past several months. The company is a household name in China, where it is all but synonymous with online shopping. It is much less well known in the U.S., but essentially something of a PayPal meets Amazon meets Twitter meets Spotify meets Hulu meets plenty of other things. For almost every business you can think of, the odds are that there's an Alibaba equivalent.
Advertisement
The $68 share price values Alibaba's entire company at $168 billion, which the Wall Street Journal reports makes it "instantly one of the largest listed in the U.S." and gives it a larger market capitalization than Amazon's $150 billion. Alibaba stock is scheduled to begin trading on Friday on the New York Stock Exchange under the aptly named ticker "BABA."
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

Chevy Suburban Turns 80chevy suburban turns 80
Lombard: Banks shun poor nationsEscalating fines make banks red line countries that need money most
By Jonathan Guthrie
Nomura’s Bennett warns on poor nations access to capital
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7f4eb7a-3f24-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scotlands referendum countUK slips in global table for business tax
Based on the voter registration data and the Press Association’s estimated declaration times , here is an approximate timetable of what to expect during the night of the count:
2am: The first seven councils, accounting for up to 15 per cent of the registered electorate’s votes, are expected to declare their results. They are East Lothian, Inverclyde, Moray, North Lanarkshire, the Orkney Islands, Perth and Kinross and the Western Isles. Clackmannanshire, with just 39,970 registered voters, is likely to declare a half-hour later.
3am: Eleven council areas, representing nearly a third of the registered electorate, are expected to declare their results. They are Aberdeenshire, Angus, Dumfries and Galloway, Dundee, East Ayrshire, East Renfrewshire, Falkirk, Renfrewshire, South Lanarkshire, Stirling and West Dunbartonshire. Just under half the possible votes are likely to have been counted at this stage.
3:30am: Six councils, covering up to 11 per cent of the electorate, will declare. They are: Argyll and Bute, East Dunbartonshire, Midlothian, the Shetland Islands, South Ayrshire, and West Lothian. More than half the votes are likely to have been counted at this stage.
4am: Around 4am, more than 70 per cent of the votes are likely to have been counted. Fife and Highland, which cover a further 11 per cent of the electorate between them, are expected to declare with another large council area, North Ayrshire, following a half-hour later.
5am: More than a fifth of the possible votes could be declared around 5am, as Scotland’s two largest cities, Glasgow and Edinburgh, declare their results, along with the Scottish Borders. More than 95 per cent of the votes are likely to have been counted at this stage.
6am: Aberdeen is expected to be the last council area to declare its results. With just over 4 per cent of the registered electorate, the result of the referendum could be determined by the count in the northern city.
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Review: Price of MoneySeptember 18, 2014 7:07 pm
Price of Money, The Albany Theatre, Deptford, London – review
By Alexander Gilmour
A bold, impassioned dramatic collage about money and greed from Belarus Free Theatre
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b353b59c-3f18-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pepsico offers chance to fly free with purchase of kurkureE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gold Tumbles by Rs 440 to Over 3-Month Low on Global CuesNew Delhi: Gold prices on Friday tumbled by Rs 440 to hit an over three-month low of Rs 27,010 per 10 grams in the national capital on heavy selling by stockists triggered by a weakening global trend.
Besides, sluggish demand and subdued global cues also weighed on the precious metal's price.
Silver also fell for the third day and shed another Rs 100 to Rs 40,900 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiment turned weak largely in tandem with a weak trend overseas where gold fell to an eight-month low after the Federal Reserve raised its interest-rate forecasts this week, strengthening the dollar, reduced the metal demand, traders said.
Gold in London, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 0.2 per cent to $1,222.71 an ounce and silver was down 0.1 per cent at $18.51 an ounce.
Sluggish domestic demand in view of the ongoing 'sharadh', considered to be an inauspicious fortnight for making new purchases, also dampened sentiment, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 440 each to Rs 27,010 and Rs 26,810 per 10 grams respectively, a level last seen on June 9.
Sovereign, however, moved in a tight range on lack of buying support and settled at last level of Rs 24,400 per piece of 8 grams.
Silver ready traded lower by Rs 100 to Rs 40,900 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 260 to Rs 40,810 per kg.
The white metal had lost Rs 600 in the previous two sessions. Silver coins dropped by Rs 1,000 to Rs 70,000 for buying and Rs 71,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 15:41 (IST)

Abhishek Ganguly appointed Puma India Managing DirectorE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The UK in its present form is in perilLast updated: September 19, 2014 8:58 pm
The union lives on – but in its present design it may well be dead
By Janan Ganesh
The UK may have survived but the outcome is confusing
The UK has survived , comfortably; the UK in its present design is dead, possibly. The outcome of the referendum on Scottish independence is as cloudy as that, even if its arithmetical result was decisive.
Scots affirmed the union by a margin of 55 per cent to 45 per cent. The rush of nationalism that showed in the polls at the turn of September was not enough; wavering voters cleaved to the status quo. A unionist campaign that was traduced by armchair strategists for subjugating romance to cold scepticism turned out to be effective enough. Pollsters say that unanswered questions about an independent Scotland’s economy – its pensions, its lure to business and above all its currency – were what ultimately told.
More
UK voters and the economy
Yet the result is the start of a constitutional wrangle, not the end of it. That more than two in five Scots – and their biggest city Glasgow – have voted to leave the UK is no small matter. The separatist movement will have to be assuaged with new powers for the Edinburgh parliament. The most sanguine unionists used to expect barely 30 per cent to plump for secession. Had Alex Salmond managed expectations more deftly of late, the nationalist first minister of Scotland would now be written up as a man of pluck and derring-do who pushed a 307-year union to the edge of oblivion. Instead, he has resigned, a visibly dejected man.
He wants his eventual successor to press Westminster to honour its big but unspecific promise of another round of devolution to Scotland. Fleshing this promise out, getting it through the UK parliament and then balancing it with new powers of self-rule for England could be the work of years, not months. There is no clean answer to the governance of the UK, no rationalist blueprint that pleases every part of a multinational kingdom in which one nation, England, is so preponderant. Imagine if Bavaria accounted for 85 per cent of Germany’s population.
Still, the first few steps along this tortuous path can now be discerned. In a statement on Friday morning, David Cameron, radiant with relief, said he wanted English votes for English laws. This seems to mean that only MPs with constituencies in England can vote on legislation that affects only England: healthcare, education, aspects of welfare and possibly some fiscal policy. Because the Tories are the biggest party in England, the implications are heavy. It is possible that Ed Miliband will win next year’s general election for Labour but have no majority on some basic matters of government.
A referendum that could have done for the prime minister has ended up putting his opponents in an invidious position. There is no answer to the English question that does not compromise Labour. True, the party would have won in 1997, 2001 and 2005 without Scottish seats but that was under the leadership of Tony Blair, who had freakish political talent and a laser eye for the centre ground. How many Blairs do Labour have?
Yet to oppose constitutional redress for the English would be incendiary. Labour could lose England, especially the south east, for a generation, as voters there come to see it as a high-handed Celtic lobby. Labour MPs such as John Denham and Frank Field are counseling their party against an outright rejection of Mr Cameron’s proposal.
Of course, a proposal is just that. The prime minister must get it through parliament. But his hand is strong. Further devolution to Edinburgh has to happen because anything else would constitute a heinous breach of promises by all parties. And Tories will only approve this divestment of power in return for concomitant arrangements for England. The internal logic of the process is inescapable.
And if Labour scupper devolution to Scotland to avoid English self-rule, the political cost will not be borne by Mr Cameron. His party have little esteem to lose among Scots. Labour, by contrast, would risk evisceration at the hands of the Nationalists for failing to honour promises made by one of their own – Gordon Brown, the former prime minister – just last week. South of the border, meanwhile, the Tories would cast Labour as anti-democrats.
Those close to the prime minister say he is serious about English votes for English laws. Question his ability to deliver it and the reply is crisp: “He will. Don’t worry about that.” He has vigilant backbenchers to please and, in the UK Independence Party, a rival for the emerging English demos.
Mr Cameron is a conventional man who does unconventional things when he is cornered. His failure to win the last election outright led to the formation of Britain’s first coalition government since the second world war. This referendum was another brush with political mortality and it has summoned another intrepid gesture from him. At stake is his grip on his party, and his place in history.
Related Topics

Nepal clears GMR s plan for Rs 8 500-cr hydro-power plantNepal okays GMR's $1.4-bn hydel unit plan
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 20, 2014 12:50 AM IST
At a time when the publicly held GMR Infrastructure is looking at conserving cash and exploring various options to get its highly volatile leverage issue under control, the Nepal government has awarded it a Rs 8,500 crore 900 Mw hydropower project. GMR Infrastructure had initiated this proposal in 2008 and due to internal issues of various Nepal governments, the nod to this project has come after a long wait.
GMR Infrastructure during that time was on an expansive global expansion plan but has over the past 18 months tightened its belt to shed various assets, raise equity, free cash flows and is looking at managing its cash resources more efficiently.
A cabinet member of the Nepal government said it had cleared the way for this project in the northwest. This will be Nepal’s biggest inward foreign direct investment.
GMR’S FOREIGN DREAMS
2008: Buys global Intergen Power for $1.2-billion but exits in 2011 at a loss to reduce debt
 
2008: Signs contract to upgrade airport in Turkey but exits at a profit of Rs 1,300 crore in 2013
 
2010: Signs a 25-year contract to upgrade airport in the Maldives but forced to give up after 2 years. GMR presses for a $1.4-bn compensation
 
2013: Exits from a  power project in Singapore after four years
A GMR spokesperson confirmed the contract and said they expected to sign the final project development agreement shortly. After that, GMR will be roping in financial investors for the project in which the Nepal government will hold around 27 per cent equity.
However, GMR executives were unwilling to comment on the funding structure for the project when it was hard-pressed to deploy resources. GMR currently has corporate debts of as much as Rs 2,000 crore at the enterprise level taken specifically for the power vertical and is exploring various options to whittle them down, either through a private or a public offer or through divestment.
GMR has a little over 2,500 megawatt (Mw) of operationalised capacity across thermal and gas projects, while it is in the process of setting up 2,300 Mw of capacity. GMR has so far committed Rs 33,000 crore to its power projects, but the revenues have been lagging given problems at almost half of its plants due to low availability of natural gas.
The power vertical accounts for around 30 per cent of the company's revenues of Rs 10,000 crore and GMR is hoping that with fresh capacity coming on stream, the inflow from the power sector will be substantial.
China’s Three Gorges International Corp, is also in talks with Investment Board Nepal to build a $1.6 billion dam to generate 750 megawatts of electricity on the West Seti River in the same area, as Beijing competes with New Delhi for influence in Nepal.
The GMR plant, set for completion in 2021, will provide 12 per cent energy free to Nepal to ease a power shortage and help its economy emerge from a decade-long civil war that scared away investors and slowed infrastructure projects.
Officials said Investment Board Nepal will now sign a Project Development Agreement (PDA) with GMR, which will construct transmission lines across the border to transmit the remaining electricity to India.
The agreement was expected to be signed during Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit in August but was delayed because some political parties wanted to ensure that the supply of water to irrigation canals on the same river would remain unaffected by the dam, as well as other benefits to Nepal.
GMR will build a separate power house to generate two megawatts of electricity to be supplied to villagers in Achham, Surkhet and Dailekh districts where the project will be located, officials said.
A group of former Maoist rebels says benefits to Nepal were not adequate and has vowed to protest against the scheme.
Nepal's economy is expected to grow 4.6 per cent in 2014-15, against the government target of 5.2 per cent, with the country facing up to 16 hours of daily power cuts during the dry season when its rivers flow slowly.
Tourism and aid-dependent Nepal, one of the world’s 10 poorest countries, has an electricity shortfall of about 600 megawatts. The cash-strapped government is trying to attract foreign investment to generate hydroelectricity and has offered tax incentives to investors in the hydropower sector.

US keen on military ties with India: US Army...You are here: Home > Collections
US keen on strong military ties with India, says US Army Chief General Raymond T Odierno
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 08.50PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(The General said that China…)
WASHINGTON: America is keen to sustain and strengthen its military relationship with India, US Army Chief said today ahead of the Modi-Obama Summit at the White House later this month.
"India and the United States have a lot in common....They are the two large democracies. I think it is important for us to build trust between the two militaries and we energise our relationship," General Raymond T Odierno said.
On India US Joint military exercise 'Yudh Abhyas 2014' coinciding with Chinese President Xi Jinping's India visit, he said it was planned much in advance and had nothing to do with the timing of Xi's trip.
"This exercise (Yudh Abhyas) was planned quite some time ago. So this was not a reaction (to the visit of the Chinese President). We had coordinated these exercises some time ago," General Odierno told Defence Writers Groups in a breakfast meeting.
The General said that China was also invited to participate in this joint India-US military exercise in Uttarakhand which began on September 17.
"In fact one time we actually invited the Chinese to participate in it. So it was not something that we were hiding from the Chinese or we had planned it long time ago," he said in response to a question.
Gen Odierno, who visited India some 18 months ago, said he had a really good visit and had an opportunity to "understand, what they are doing and how they are developing."
"We want to sustain that over the time. As we look in the future, in this complex world...the key is having solid partners that trust each other. Building these partnership is part of it and India plays an important role in that," he said.
The annual Yudh Abhyas military exercise started this week under the aegis of Garud Division/Surya Command and is 10th in the series of combined military training exercises between India and the US. It will continue till September 30.
Prime Minister Narendera Modi will meet US President Barack Obama at the White House on September 29 and 30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba expected to rise more than 30% in trading debutAlibaba surges on massive demand in trading debut
Reuters | New York Sep 20, 2014 12:45 AM IST
 
Alibaba Group Holding’s shares surged in their first day of trading on Friday, as investors rushed for a slice of what looked likely to be the largest initial public offering (IPO) in history.
The stock opened at $92.7 and quickly rose to a high of $99.7 in active trading. More than 100 million shares changed hands in composite trading within the first 10 minutes. Till the time of going to print, shares were up 33 per cent at $90.5.
The company, founded by Jack Ma in his apartment in 1999, now accounts for 80 per cent of online sales in China. The company earned $3.7 billion in the year ended March this year, up about $2 billion compared to the previous year.
“I don’t want disappointed shareholders; I want to make sure they make money,” Ma said on the pricing, on CNBC, adding he worried most when customers were happy. On Friday, about 100 people gathered outside the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), many of them Chinese tourists with cameras.
“This is the most anticipated event I’ve ever seen in my 20-year career on the floor of the NYSE. I think today’s move is sustainable: The company is profitable, unlike some of its competitors, and it is a way for traders to tap into the Chinese growth story,” said Mark Otto, partner with J Streicher & Co, a trader on the NYSE floor.
The pricing of the IPO on Thursday initially raised $21.8 billion for the company. Scott Cutler, head of the NYSE’s global listing business, told CNBC underwriters would exercise their option for an additional 48 million shares, to bring the IPO’s size to about $25 billion, making it the largest in history. The sale values the company at about $168 billion, more than American icons such as Walt Disney and Coca-Cola. Should the stock close at $90 on its first day, it will be worth about $222 billion, close to the value of Procter & Gamble.
However, with the big first-day gain, investors hoping for more might be disappointed. At a price of $90.5 a share, the stock is valued at 38 times its estimated earnings per share for the financial year ending March 2015, roughly in line with Facebook’s valuation of 39 times the forward earnings, but nowhere near Amazon’s lofty multiple of 264, according to Thomson Reuters Starmine data.
“The question is whether it will become dead money for the next six months,” said a fund manager. “Will it just trade at $93 and stay flat?”
Ma, a former English teacher, now has a personal fortune of about $14 billion on paper, vaulting him into the ranks of technology billionaires such as Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos. The IPO is expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of the company’s managers, software engineers and other staff.
Demand was intense among retail investors. J J Kinahan, chief market strategist at retail brokerage TD Ameritrade Holding, said the company received customer orders amounting to about 70 per cent of what it saw for Facebook, and about three times the orders it recorded for Twitter’s IPO.
With underwriters deciding to sell more shares, the company’s offering becomes the largest in history, surpassing Agricultural Bank of China’s $22.1-billion listing in 2010.
NYSE held extensive tests to ensure it would be able to handle the heavy trading volume. “We’ve had a lot of major IPOs, and when you have one, it’s always the biggest until the next biggest one comes along,” said Ted Weisberg, floor trader with Seaport Securities in New York, who has been a member of NYSE for 45 years.
The deal allows cornerstone Alibaba investors such as Japan’s Softbank Corp and Yahoo! to profit from getting on the ground floor at the company. Yahoo! sold about $8 billion worth of shares in the offering, leaving it with 16.3 per cent stake. Shares of Yahoo! were hit on Friday, falling six per cent.
Softbank is not selling for now. It will have 32 per cent stake, making it the largest single shareholder.

Permanent resident legal aliens have a Second Amendment right to possess gunsBy Eugene Volokh September 19 Follow @volokhc
So holds Fotoudis v. City & County of Honolulu (D. Haw. Sept. 17, 2014) . The court held that Hawaii’s laws banning gun possession by all aliens both violated the Equal Protection Clause — by discriminating against legal permanent resident aliens, something the federal government generally may do but states generally may not — and violated the Second Amendment. Prof. Josh Blackman has more details.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Yahoo finds way to blow Alibaba richesYahoo finds way to blow Alibaba riches
By: Matt Krantz September 19, 2014 11:54 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Yahoo (YHOO) might be celebrating its $8.3 billion windfall from selling Alibaba shares. Here’s the problem: It could have made $11.3 billion.
By selling 121.7 million of its shares in the initial public offering, Yahoo essentially left $3 billion on the table. That’s because Yahoo sold at the laughably low initial offering price of $68 a share, rather than the true value: Friday’s opening price of roughly $93.
This is a big deal for Yahoo, which needs as much cash as possible to keep its competitiveness in a fast-changing Internet world. The amount of money Yahoo left on the table is greater than the $2.7 billion the company reported in cash and short-term equivalents as of June 30.
Compare Yahoo with Japanese investor Softbank, the largest outside holder of shares. Softbank didn’t sell any of its shares in the IPO.
Shares of Yahoo are down $1.81, or 4.3%, to $40.28 in trading Friday.
If there’s a bright side in all this, it’s that Yahoo didn’t unload all its shares. Yahoo is still holding 401.8 million shares of Alibaba. Those shares are worth $37.7 billion at the opening price, which is nearly equal to the $40.9 billion value of Yahoo itself.

Alibaba Jumps Over 40% in Trading DebutYou are here: Home Market
Alibaba Surges on Massive Demand in Trading Debut
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 23:11 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
New York: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's shares surged in their first day of trading on Friday as investors jumped at the chance to get in on what looks likely to be the largest IPO in history and profit from China's growing middle class.
It was an auspicious debut for the company, founded by Jack Ma in his apartment in 1999, which now accounts for 80 per cent of online sales in China.
About a hundred people gathered outside the New York Stock Exchange at Wall and Broad Streets, many of them Chinese tourists with cameras, cheered when Ma exited the building.
The stock opened at $92.70 around 1600 GMT (9:30 p.m. in India) and quickly rose to a high of $99.70 in active trading. More than 100 million shares changed hands in composite trading in the first 10 minutes of trading. As of 12:50 pm ET (10:20 p.m. in India), shares were up 33 per cent at $90.50.
"This is the most anticipated event I've ever seen in my 20-year career on the floor of the NYSE. I think today's move is sustainable: The company is profitable, unlike some of its competitors, and it is a way for traders to tap into the Chinese growth story," said Mark Otto, partner with J. Streicher & Co, who trades on the NYSE floor.
The pricing of the IPO on Thursday initially raised $21.8 billion for the Chinese e-commerce company. Scott Cutler, head of the New York Stock Exchange's global listing business, told a news channel that underwriters would exercise their option for an additional 48 million shares, to bring the IPO's size to about $25 billion, making it the largest initial public offering in history.
Alibaba is nearly unknown to most Americans but is ubiquitous in China, where it is responsible for 80 percent of online sales. The company earned $3.7 billion in the 12 months ended March 31, 2014, up about $2 billion from the prior 12-month period.
The sale values the company at about $168 billion, more than American icons such as Walt Disney Co and Coca-Cola Co. Should the stock close at $90 on its first day, it would be worth about $222 billion, nearly the value of Procter & Gamble Co.
With the big first-day gain, investors hoping for more may be disappointed. At a price of about $90.50 a share, the stock is valued at 38 times its estimated earnings per share for its current fiscal year, which will end in March 2015. That is roughly in line with Facebook's valuation of 39 times forward earnings but nowhere near the lofty valuation of Amazon.com's multiple of 264, according to Thomson Reuters Starmine data.
"The question is if it becomes dead money for the next six months," said one fund manager. "Will it just trade at $93 and stay flat?"
Ma, a former English teacher, boasts a personal fortune of more than $14 billion on paper, vaulting him into the ranks of such tech billionaires as Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos. The deal is also expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of the company's managers, software engineers and other staff.
The rise in the stock exceeds the average gain by new IPOs on US exchanges of late. In the second quarter, the average first-day gain was 9.2 per cent, according to Renaissance Capital IPO Intelligence. Underwriters usually aim for a gain of 10 per cent to 15 per cent on the first day.
Demand was intense among the retail investor crowd. J.J. Kinahan, chief market strategist at retail brokerage TD Ameritrade Holding Corp, said the company received customer orders amounting to about 70 per cent of what it saw for Facebook, and about three times the customer orders it had for Twitter's IPO.
With underwriters electing to sell more shares, the company's initial public offering becomes the largest in history, surpassing Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's $22.1 billion listing in 2010.
Alibaba Group's orange banners were festooned around the exchange, with its logo on NYSE computer screens. Ma watched several long-time customers ring the opening bell.
"I don't want disappointed shareholders, I want to make sure they make money," Ma said of the pricing, on the news channel, adding that he worries most when customers are happy.
NYSE held extensive tests to ensure it would be able to handle heavy trading volume.
"We've had a lot of major IPOs, and when you have one it's always the biggest until the next biggest one comes along," said Ted Weisberg, floor trader with Seaport Securities in New York, who has been a member of the NYSE for 45 years.
The deal allows cornerstone Alibaba investors such as Japan's Softbank Corp and Yahoo Inc to profit from getting in on the ground floor at the company. Yahoo sold some $8 billion worth of shares in the offering, leaving it with a 16.3 per cent stake. Shares of Yahoo were hit on Friday, dropping 6 per cent.
Softbank is not selling for now and will be left with a 32 per cent stake, making it the largest single shareholder.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 22:18 (IST)

TYRONE SIU / Reuterstyrone siu / reuters
Only 5 billion years until The Milky Way gets gobbled upBy Rachel Feltman September 19 Follow @rachelfeltman
In about five billion years time, nearby massive galaxy Andromeda will merge with our own galaxy, the Milky Way, in an act of galactic cannibalism. This simulation shows what will happen when they collide and merge into an even bigger galaxy. (ICRAR/Pete Wheeler/Chris Power/Alex Hobbs/Justin Reid/Dave Cole/University of Leicester)
Scientists already knew that big galaxies like to chow down on smaller ones -- which is just a cute way of saying that when they collide, the larger galaxy gains the mass of the smaller one.
According to a  new study published in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, galaxies turn to cannibalism when they get too big to keep growing on their own.
"All galaxies start off small and grow by collecting gas and quite efficiently turning it into stars," Aaron Robotham , a postdoctoral researcher at the International Centre for Radio Astronomy Research and head of the study, said in a statement . "Then every now and then they get completely cannibalized by some larger galaxy."
As galaxies grow, they get worse at making new stars -- but they also have stronger gravity, which helps them pull neighbors into the fold. The Milky Way reached this tipping point "recently," in cosmic terms (read: not at all recently) and will now grow mostly by snacking on the little guys. It's been a while since our neighborhood ate another one, but astronomers can still see the signs of former galaxies that we've digested.
But The Milky Way isn't going to be able to outrun Andromeda. In about 5 billion years we'll collide with the nearby galaxy, which contains at least twice as many stars as our own. To Andromeda, we'll be nothing but a cosmic candy bar.
These cannibalistic mergers will continue until the whole universe is made of just a few gigantic galaxies, but that's a long way off -- a destiny we won't reach until the Universe is many times older than it is today.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

No rules broken in nod to Aircel-Maxis deal:...Aircel-Maxis case
(Former Finance Minister…)
NEW DELHI: Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram tonight maintained that there was no violation of rules in the grant of FIPB approval to Aircel-Maxis deal in 2006.
Reacting to the CBI charge sheet regarding his decision in the Aircel-Maxis case , he said the file regarding the case was put up before him by officials and he approved it "in the normal course".
FEATURED ARTICLES

AP honcho lists press-restricting ways of Obama administrationBy Erik Wemple September 19 Follow @ErikWemple
President Obama (Kevin Lamarque/Reuters)
Back when she was executive editor of the New York Times, Jill Abramson lamented that President Obama ran “the most secretive White House I have ever dealt with.”
Bob Schieffer of CBS News stated , “Every administration learns from the previous administration. They become more secretive and put tighter clamps on information. This administration exercises more control than George W. Bush’s did, and his before that.”
It’s not hard to find such denunciations of the Obama administration, what with its leak investigations and message discipline and … well, let Sally Buzbee, the Associated Press’s Washington bureau chief, present the “8 ways the Obama administration is blocking information.” Her story under that title is right here .
And here’s a quick summary in an Erik Wemple Blog super-sentence: The Obama isn’t administration isn’t permitting embedded reporters in its actions against Islamic militants, photographer access to the president is eroding, access to filings in the 9/11 trial is limited, information on Guantanamo that was accessible under George W. Bush is restricted now, government sources are scared to talk to reporters for fear of being fired, FOIA is a joke, FOIA requests are getting routed to political appointees and the administration is seeking control over information at the state and local level.
Does that outrage your First Amendment sensibilities?
If so, you may or may not be in good company. Check out this graphic from a post by Christopher Ingraham over at the Washington Post’s Wonkblog . The numbers are based on a study by the Annenberg Public Policy Center of the University of Pennsylvania:
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

With initiatives focusing on children  veterans -- is Uber showcasing a softer sideBy Lori Aratani September 19 Follow @loriara
(Photo by Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post)
Uber, the self-described technology company that is reinventing the way people get from here to there, seems to be showing as softer side  with two recent campaigns focused on charitable giving and veterans.
Earlier this month, Uber announced its “Ride For A Cause” initiative in which the company would donate $1 for each trip completed to one of five charities selected by its D.C.-area customers. Among those on the list: SOME — So Others May Eat; Best Buddie s; Fight for Children; IAVA (Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America); and the National Park Foundation . The campaign will run through Sept. 28. As an added incentive, the charity with the most rides will receive an additional $10,000.
D.C. isn’t the only community where Uber has stretched is philanthropic wings. In Philadelphia, it organized a drive to collect school supplie s for Philadelphia School District schools.
Uber also recruited another high profile former member of the Obama administration to announce another initiative — UberMILITARY. In a POLITICO Magazine piece , Uber chief Travis Kalanick and former secretary of defense Robert Gates announced an 18-month effort to recruit 50,000 service members, veterans and military spouses to become Uber drivers.
The pair wrote:
UberMILITARY is working with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation’s Hiring our Heroes program to streamline Uber’s partner on-boarding process for the military community. Beginning this week, we are connecting directly with thousands of service members, veterans and their families at events around the country. On the ground, our targeted recruiting efforts include free rides to job fairs, special referral bonuses for UberMILITARY partners, waived city fees or deposits, and special information sessions and office hours.
Gates will serve as voluntary chairman of the newly created UberMILITARY Advisory Board. Uber has previously announced the hiring of David Plouffe , one of Obama’s chief strategists as a senior vice president of policy and strategy.
Uber’s rivals were quick to respond to the company’s efforts to recruit veterans. In an e-mailed statement, Robbie Werth, president of the International Taxicab, Limousine & Paratransit Association, which is sponsoring the “Who’s Driving You” awareness campaign, highlighted concerns that have been raised about insurance coverage for uberX drivers, who use their own vehicles to give rides to customers.
“Our fear is that these drivers will be uberX drivers, in which case veterans absolutely must be told that they are putting their financial well-being at stake,” he said. “Their personal car insurance simply does not cover this activity.”
Note: Since July, Uber has been offering primary coverage for uberX drivers from the time they accept a trip to the time that trip ends. But in other instances — such as when a driver is waiting to be “hailed,” the driver’s personal insurance would provide coverage — so Werth does offer something for veterans and members of their families to think about before they sign on.
(Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos is an Uber investor.)
Lori Aratani writes about how people live, work and play in the D.C. region for The Post’s Transportation and Development team.

Millions have joined Medicaid under Obamacare. Heres what they think of it.By Jason Millman September 19 Follow @jasonmillman
A Texas health clinic serving low-income patients. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
The Medicaid program, already the nation's largest insurer, has quickly added millions to its rolls since the start of Obamacare's coverage expansion. And it appears that Medicaid enrollees are generally happy to have coverage, though many are encountering roadblocks to receiving the care they want, according to new research that provides one of the earliest insights into people's experiences under the expanded health insurance program for low-income Americans.
The new insight comes from the research firm Perry Undem, which held six focus groups in Chicago, Denver and Portland, Ore., over the summer. Focus group participants were all newly enrolled in Medicaid this year, although many have also had past experience with private insurance or been previously enrolled in Medicaid before dropping off.
The findings, which were presented on Friday to an independent panel advising Congress on Medicaid issues, can't fully capture the national experience under the newly expanded program. Even across these three cities, Medicaid enrollees' experiences have differed in important ways — access to care was much less of an issue in Denver, for example. The findings are still instructive, though, for those trying to understand what having new Medicaid coverage actually means.
"We really want the personal stories, the human face of what's going on with new Medicaid enrollees," said Mike Perry, partner with Perry Undem.
Before obtaining new coverage, most people in the focus groups said they delayed medical care while they had been uninsured, and some in the focus group said they're facing medical debt for care that they couldn't delay. Preventive care, in particular, had been a challenge for this group – many said they hadn't received a checkup in years.
All the study participants said they feel better off with free or low-cost Medicaid coverage, and they worry less about being able to afford bills or see a doctor for ongoing health problems. The majority said they've already used their coverage and feel healthier because of it.
Still, most said they didn't even know they were eligible for Medicaid — they went looking for coverage hoping to qualify for "something." They knew little about Medicaid before they enrolled, and they still didn't know about it much later. There's some confusion about what the program actually covers, and researchers found some feared receiving low-quality or limited care.
The enrollees' biggest problem has been finding a primary care doctor, which has been a major concern in the health policy community. A Health Affairs study found just one-third of doctors in 2011 would take new Medicaid patients, and this problem was greater in states with lower Medicaid reimbursement rates. It's also why the Affordable Care Act temporarily boosts traditionally low Medicaid reimbursement to primary care doctors as the program expands.
Some new enrollees in the focus groups said they had to call at least six practices to find a doctor, some had to choose doctors far from where they live, and some said they suspect providers are limiting how many Medicaid patients they'll take. Others said they weren't used to the process of finding a primary care physician, and others didn't try because they didn't see an urgent need to find one.
Other enrollees said finding a specialist or a dentist was even tougher — as has typically been the case in the Medicaid program. Enrollees also found unexpected limits to the dental care that was actually covered, which came as a "big disappointment" since enrollees especially wanted this coverage, Perry said.
Portland study group participants in particular had trouble receiving mental health-care services. They reported not being able to see a psychiatrist, instead having to rely on student counselors or receiving their medication through clinics.
Issues aside, the Medicaid enrollees said they'd rather have the coverage than not have it. They all said they would re-enroll in the program if they couldn't get other insurance over the course of the year, and they've been spreading the word to friends and family to sign up.
"They don't want to be uninsured again." Perry said.
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.

Rupee slips  pound gains weightRupee slips, pound gains weight
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 10:32 PM IST
Following Scotland voting to stay as part of the United Kingdom in a referendum on independence, the pound strengthened in international markets. As a result, the rupee weakened against it.
In the recent past, the rupee had strengthened against the pound, on rising speculation that Scotland might no longer be part of the UK.
“The split from the union was expected to be disruptive and the pound was looking vulnerable. Now, a downside has been averted. The global impact was not expected to be large, since the UK, though part of the European Union, is out of the currency area (it did not adopt the euro when most of continental Europe did),” said Harihar Krishnamoorthy, head, fixed income, currency & commodities, First Rand Bank. He said the effect on the rupee was through the trading dynamics of global currencies.
Scotland's decision to stay on also eased investor concerns after a recent run of global political obstacles. “Going forward, if there is major appreciation of the pound against the dollar, then only can we see an impact on the rupee; else, no,” said Sandeep Gonsalves, forex consultant and dealer, Mecklai & Mecklai.
On Friday, UK shares helped lead European equities to a six-year high and the pound rose to the strongest level in two years against the euro, after the 'Better Together' campaign posted a wider margin of victory than opinion polls had suggested.
The outcome follows two years of increasingly contested argument over the economic viability of independence, the currency to be used, custody of the health service and North Sea oil revenue, leaving a legacy of a divided Scotland, while inspiring more self-determination movements across Europe.

Mandolin maestro U Srinivas dies at 45Mandolin maestro U Srinivas passes away at 45
BS Reporter | Chennai Sep 20, 2014 12:28 AM IST
Mandolin maestro U Srinivas on Friday passed away at a private hospital in Chennai. He was 45. Unconfirmed reports suggested that the musician had undergone liver transplant recently but developed complications which led to his death.
Uppalapu Srinivas was born in Palakol, Andhra Pradesh, on February 28, 1969, and later came to be known as Mandolin U Srinivas.
His first performance was at the age of six, and his first public performance in 1978 in Gudivada, Andhra Pradesh, during the Thyagaraja Aradhana festival.
He came to perform in Chennai (then Madras) in the Madras Music Season in 1981 for the Indian Fine Arts Society. In 1983, he performed at the JazzFest, Berlin, where the audience requested him to do a repeat performance.
Shrinivas played with great Indian artists such as Hariprasad Chaurasia and Zakir Hussain. He played an electric mandolin and had collaborated with world renowned musicians like John McLaughlin, Michael Nyman, and Michael Brook. He was awarded the Padma Shri in 1998 at a very young age of 29. He was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi award in 2010.
Srinivas is survived by his parents, brother Mandolin U Rajesh and a sister.

Wall St hits record as Alibaba debutsS&P 500 retreats from record high
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17efbb1a-3f9e-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India Inc most optimistic among Asian corporates  says surveyChina
(Domestic companies are…)
MUMBAI: Despite a fall in overall business sentiment across Asia after the slowdown in China and Singapore, India Inc is still riding high on optimism with a latest survey showing it topping the optimism chart.
Domestic companies are the most positive with a maximum score of 100 for the second consecutive quarter after Narendra Modi was elected Prime Minister, according to Thomson Reuters/Insead Asia Business Sentiment survey released here today.
The survey polled 15 domestic companies and all of them are positive about their outlook.
This is in sharp contrast to the steep fall in business sentiment among Asia's top companies in the third quarter, weighed down by worries about Chinese slowdown, an end to the US Fed's stimulus and a decline in the outlook for regional economic hubs like Singapore, the survey said.
The sentiment index fell to 66 in the third quarter from 74 in the previous quarter as a whole in Asia, its steepest decline in three years, it added.
However, it is still positive as a reading above 50 indicates an overall positive outlook.
While Thailand is the second most positive with a score of 90, the worst sentiment is in Taiwan, which scored only 33, while China dropped to 50 from 67 and Singapore also showed a sharp drop from 67 to 50.
The survey pooled 200 of Asia-Pacific region's top companies in 11 economies across sectors including financials, property, resources and technology between September 1 and September 12.
Of the 120 companies which responded, 64 per cent reported a neutral outlook, while 34 per cent said they had a positive outlook and 1.67 per cent were negative.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Massive King fire in California continues to growBy Mark Berman September 19 Follow @markberman
The gigantic wildfire in northern California continued to spread Friday, as state authorities warned that increased fire activity was likely later in the day. Meanwhile, thousands of firefighters were still working to combat this blaze and  several other major wildfires that have destroyed hundreds of structures and are threatening scores of other buildings across the state.
Firefighters battling the King fire. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Nearly a week after the King fire began burning in El Dorado County, it had grown to cover more than 76,000 acres by Friday morning, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (known as Cal Fire). That means the King fire, the largest in the state right now, is covering more than 119 square miles, an area nearly as large as the entire city of Portland.
On Friday afternoon, officials confirmed that the King fire had damaged or destroyed some structures. But they were not immediately able to say what kind of buildings they were or how many were impacted.
Already, the King fire has forced about 2,800 people to evacuate the area since it began Saturday, and about 12,000 residences are still threatened, officials said.
The weather on Friday is expected to facilitate the fire’s continued spread. A combination of strong winds, higher temperatures and decreased humidity could lead to more fire activity, Cal Fire said in a statement Friday morning.
The King fire is burning east of Sacramento. (Google Maps)
Police arrested Wayne Allen Huntsman, 37, on Wednesday night and have charged him with purposefully setting this fire . Vern Pierson, district attorney for El Dorado County, said few details could be offered regarding the arrest because the investigation was ongoing.
A criminal complaint alleges that Huntsman “ willfully and maliciously ” set the fire. Pierson said at a news conference Thursday that police do not believe anyone else was involved, and Huntsman’s bail was set at $10 million.
Wayne Allen Huntsman. (El Dorado County Sheriff’s Office via Reuters)
Huntsman’s sister told the Associated Press she did not think her brother would intentionally set the fire, saying that he has always been careful with campfires.
“He’s a really good guy,” Tami Criswell said. “He would never do anything intentionally to hurt anybody.”
Gov. Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency in El Dorado and Siskiyou counties on Wednesday due to the effects of two of the fires, which he said threatened power lines, water storage tanks and other infrastructure.
There are currently nine major wildfires in the state, Cal Fire is reporting. As a result, more than 7,600 firefighters have been deployed to fight the fires, with most of them responding to the growing King blaze.
The King fire this week. (Randall Benton/Sacramento Bee via AP)
Another wildfire – known as the Boles fire in Siskiyou County — had burned across more than 470 acres since starting on Monday. It was about 90 percent contained by Friday.
Related: Head to In Sight for more remarkable images of the King fire .
This post has been updated. Last update: 4:32 p.m.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Whose the heir to Obamas foreign policyBy Jennifer Rubin September 19 Follow @JRubinBlogger
He is the master of the straw man (“To those who wish unlimited intervention and boots on the ground everywhere’) and the personal insult (“warmongers”!). He says he loves Israel — you don’t get to be president without saying so — yet he trusts Secretary of State John Kerry to negotiate a deal with Iran, opposes conditional sanctions, wants to undercut our support for the Jewish state, believes U .S. leadership in the world makes things worse (“intervention enhanced the rise of radical Islam, and ultimately led to more danger for Americans”),  opposed striking Bashar al-Assad to enforce the red line, thought it was a good idea to bring all the troops home from Iraq, is opposed to sending ground troops to fight even when American national security interests are threatened and thinks the Pentagon has more than enough funding .
Iraqis check on September 11, 2014 the damage at the site of a double car bomb attack that hit the previous evening the busy district of al-Ghadir in eastern Baghdad. Bomb attacks killed 19 people in Baghdad on September 10 as US Secretary of State John Kerry visited the Iraqi capital for talks on combatting jihadists, officials said. (AFP PHOTO/AHMAD AL-RUBAYEAH/ Getty Images)
He wants to accord jihadists rights relevant to American criminal suspects, deplores data collection by the NSA, blames George W. Bush for the Middle East mess, thinks we need to nation build at home and wants us out of Afghanistan entirely . He peddles in defamatory rumors , comes up with phony statistics, continually gets his history wrong and denies he said what he did (even if it is captured in print and on video). He hires as a top national security adviser  who was the co-author of the Global Zero plan for unilateral disarmament. He has a nasty habit of “ blaming America first .” He demonizes former vice president Dick Cheney and will acknowledge Hillary Clinton is more hawkish than he.
In this case, I’m not referring to President Obama. No, these are Rand Paulisms. There is a reason left-wing students applaud his national security pronouncements and MSNBC sometimes sings his praises. He is the president’s ideological twin and displays the same slippery sleights of hand to attack enemies and justify his views.
Others have noticed this as well. Robert Kaufman writes :
Paul’s views on national security most closely resemble President Obama’s. Like Obama, Paul calls for deep cuts in “America’s bloated Department of Defense,” which Reagan hugely increased. “A less aggressive foreign policy along with an audit of the Pentagon could save tens of millions of dollars each year without sacrificing national defense,” Paul told CNN. In some ways, Paul is even more dovish than Obama. Paul led a filibuster against the administration’s use of drones. Paul denounced NSA spying that has continued under Obama as unconstitutional and likened national security leaker Edward Snowden to Martin Luther King.
It is true that historically speaking isolationists on the right and left, while coming from different ideological perspectives, have often converged in seeking American withdrawal from the world. Even though Rand Paul’s pedigree is from the swamp fever of the far right and Obama hails from liberal academia, then, it’s no surprise their conclusions frequently coincide. Perhaps by chance — or because they harbor ideologies that inherently create tension between their views and reality — they both deploy similar tactics (denounce critics, deny what they’ve said, deploy straw men) to survive attacks.
This is obviously problematic for Rand Paul’s presidential prospects, and perhaps even for his re-election to the U.S. Senate. A Republican on the Hill observing his rant on support for the Free Syrian Army remarked, “He still appeals to a certain constituency. But the party generally has stampeded back the other way as ISIS has gotten stronger and Obama’s foreign policy grown weaker.” And thus, we see Rand Paul at times race to catch up and at other times fall back into his comfort zone and lash out at critics. David Adesnik of the American Enterprise Institute remarked to me, “Like Barack Obama, Rand Paul is lost in a world where passivity is no longer a viable strategy. And when you’re lost, you do offensive and irresponsible things like accusing a fellow senator – John McCain – of personally meeting with terrorists.”
Well, Obama said a lot of things in his campaigns, but acted pretty much in line with his core beliefs and values. His ideological soul mate would almost certainly do the same. For now he’s flailing, as Adesnik points out, “Sen. Paul is moving from flip-flopping to incoherence. First he wasn’t sure if ISIS was a threat. Then he wanted to declare war. Now he wants to fight ISIS while denouncing others who support that position as warmongers.”
No one much cares outside the media and political class how a politician reaches his views; the public rightly focuses on where his views lead. Right now the potential presidential candidate most likely to reach the results closest to Obama’s foreign policy is Rand Paul. If you like what Obama has done, you’ll likely love Rand Paul, but somehow I don’t think that will be on a “Rand Paul for President” bumper sticker.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

A look at the Nationals potential first-round opponentsBy James Wagner September 19 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Nats celebrate division title. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
The Nationals have locked up the National League East division title but won’t stop there. They have made clear their intentions of securing the best record in the NL so they can enjoy home-field advantage for the rest of the NL playoffs.
With 10 games remaining in the regular season, the race for the NL’s top seed is essentially down to the Nationals and the Dodgers, with the Cardinals possessing an outside shot. Whether the Nationals accomplish their goal will determine a lot about the landscape of the NL playoff bracket. The top seed would be ideal because then the Nationals would get to face the winner of the one-game wild-card game, a team that has been weakened because their best starter was used in the wild-card game.
Below is an early breakdown of the Nationals’ potential first-round opponents and which team, based on the match-ups, they would be best equipped to face.
>>> Los Angeles Dodgers
Season series: 4-2 (outscored Dodgers 25-23)
Barring a collapse by the Dodgers, the Nationals are unlikely to face them in the first round. If both teams’ leads hold, the Nationals would lock up the top seed and the Dodgers the second seed.  The Dodgers hold a 2 1/2-game lead over the Giants in the NL West. They have three more games against the Cubs and a three-game series against the Giants.
But should the Dodgers face the Nationals in the first round, good luck. That would mean the Nationals would have the unenviable task of facing Clayton Kershaw twice in the series. Kershaw is, by far, the best pitcher in baseball and the Dodgers would love their chances in a best-of-five series with him on the mound.
After Kershaw, the Dodgers also have Zack Greinke. The Nationals beat Greinke this season when Anthony Rendon hit a two-run homer off him in a rain-shortened start in early May. But Kershaw has utterly dominated the Nationals, as he has with everyone else, and has given up only one run over 15 innings against them. Beyond those two top-flight starters, the Dodgers’ rotation — potentially injured Hyun-jin Ryu and former National Dan Haren — doesn’t stack up well against the Nationals’.
The Dodgers have two exceptional relievers — lefty J.P Howell (1.17 ERA) and closer Kenley Jansen (42 saves) — but more holes — set-up man Brian Wilson (4.53 ERA) and Jamey Wright (4.36 ERA) — than the Nationals.
The Dodgers’ lineup is productive (4.23 runs per game), good for fourth best in the NL. Yasiel Puig has slumped of late but still has a 143 OPS+. Hanley Ramirez (128 OPS+) is a dangerous hitter but is constantly injured with something. Adrian Gonzalez (23 home runs and 106 RBI), Juan Uribe (119 OPS+) and Carl Crawford (110 OPS+) have been good but the key to the Dodgers offense has been Matt Kemp. After dealing with injuries and a slow start, he is hitting like Matt Kemp again. He has a 132 OPS+ with 21 home runs, hitting 13 of them since the all-star break.
There is one (long shot) saving grace: should the Dodgers fail to win the NL West, they would be forced to use Kershaw in the wild-card game. And as a result, Kershaw couldn’t start the first game of an NLDS series and the Nationals would avoid seeing him twice.
>>> Milwaukee Brewers 
Season series: 4-2 (outscored Brewers 24-22)
After a strong start, the Brewers are fighting to even make the playoffs. They started 20-8, have gone 59-66 since and are now 3 1/2 games out of the second wild card spot. The biggest culprit has been the pitching, which is what would make them vulnerable to the Nationals should they somehow meet in the first round. Since the all-star break, the Brewers have a 3.64 ERA, seventh in the NL. The bullpen has worn down and starters have been underwhelming. Yovani Gallardo, Kyle Lohse, Wily Perlata and Matt Garza each have an ERA+ at or just near 100 — in other words, simply average.
The Brewers’ offense is still their strength even though it has slowed during the second half. A lineup of Jonathan Lucroy (135 OPS+ and an MVP candidate), Carlos Gomez (129 OPS+), a down Ryan Braun (119 OPS+), Aramis Ramirez (116 OPS+) and Khris Davis (113 OPS+) is strong.
But it’s hard to see the Brewers even reaching the postseason given their second-half struggles. Perhaps they overachieved in the first half and are regressing to the mean now. Even if they reached, they could be the weakest of these five teams.
>>> Pittsburgh Pirates
Season series: 4-3 (outscored Pirates 26-24)
The Pirates are a dangerous team because of how well they have played of late, pulling two games behind the Giants for the first wild-card spot and 3 1/2 games ahead of Milwaukee. They trail the Cardinals in the NL Central by only 2 1/2 games. Since the all-star break, the Nationals pace the NL with 37 wins followed by the Pirates’ 33. They have been powered by an explosive offense. The Pirates are now tied with the Nationals for second in the NL in runs per game (4.28).
Starling Marte and Josh Harrison have been two of baseball’s hottest hitters in the second half. Marte has a 1.043 OPS with eight home runs since the all-star break, while Harrison has as many homers and a .941 OPS. Andrew McCutchen returned from injury, and forms a talented outfield trio with Marte and Gregory Polanco. Harrison, a utility man, has manned third base of late following Pedro Alvarez’s struggles and injury and played well. Russell Martin (139 OPS+) and Neil Walker (21 home runs) are good hitters, too.
The Pirates have also been pitching well. The Nationals have the best post-all-star ERA in the NL at 3.01. The Pirates are second with a 3.18 ERA. Francisco Liriano (2.16 ERA in the second half) and Edinson Volquez (2.66 ERA) have helped the Pirates move toward the top of the playoff race. Gerrit Cole is back from injury, too. The bullpen, led by Mark Melancon and Tony Watson, is among the best in the NL but not as deep as the Nationals.
While the Pirates could be a difficult out because of their talent, the Nationals are deeper in nearly every unit of their team, from starting pitching to the lineup and bullpen.
>>> St. Louis Cardinals
Season series: 2-5 (outscored by Cardinals 25-12)
The Cardinals are a dangerous team because of their talent and experience. And they have been playing their best baseball in the second half, too. They went 16-13 in August and are now 12-5 in September. They overtook the Brewers in the NL Central on Sept. 1 and haven’t looked back. Yadier Molina is back from his thumb injury. After a scare, Michael Wacha, their playoff hero last season, has dealt with a scary shoulder injury but will start this weekend. If he can stay healthy, the top of the playoff rotation will be tough.
Lance Lynn has a 1.99 ERA in the second half. Shelby Miller (2.71 ERA) has been strong, too. Adam Wainwright has a 3.51 ERA since the all-start break, but in a playoff series, he has enough experience and savvy to overcome any recent struggles. Trade deadline additions John Lackey and Justin Masterson haven’t been good, but a playoff rotation of Wainwright, Lynn, Miller and Wacha could contend with the Nationals’.
The Cardinals lead the majors in defensive runs saved (63). Their bullpen — led by flamethrowers Trevor Rosenthal, Seth Maness, Carlos Martinez, and veteran Pat Neshek — has been good but not dominant. But in the playoffs, when opposing hitters are worn down from the long season, 100 mph is hard to face. The Cardinals’ biggest weakness has been their unperforming lineup, which has picked up some in the second half.
The Cardinals appear poised to claim the NL Central title and could end up with the third-best record in the NL. If the Nationals notch the top seed, they will avoid facing the Cardinals in the first round. But if, somehow, the Cardinals were to fall to the wild-card game and won that, and then faced the Nationals, they would be a difficult challenge. The Nationals have rough history (see: 2012 NLDS) to overcome. And the Cardinals have played the Nationals well over the years; they are 17-8 against the Nationals since 2012.
>>> San Francisco Giants 
Season series: 5-2 (outscored Giants 41-30)
The Giants still have a chance (2 1/2 games back) to catch the Dodgers in the NL West. For now, they hold a two-game lead over the Pirates for the top wild-card spot. The Giants have been as up and down as any team in the NL this season. They were 37-20 at the end of May. But then fell to only nine games over .500 (59-50) and out of first place in the division by the end of July. Since the start of August, however, they are 25-18.
Jake Peavy, acquired in a trade from the Red Sox to fill the void left by injured Matt Cain, has been terrific (2.16 ERA) since. Madison Bumgarner (2.91 ERA over 210 innings) has been one of the best left-handed starters in baseball this season. Beyond these two, the rotation seem iffy. Tim Hudson has struggled. Tim Lincecum struggled so much he was moved to the bullpen again. (The Giants, however, won the 2012 World Series with him in the bullpen, but they had better options than they have now.)
The Giants have one of the best bullpens in baseball (3.03 ERA), ranking just behind the Nationals. And in the playoffs, a savvy manager like Bruce Bochy and the ability to play the matchups with a versatile bullpen is key. The Giants also have the experience. They have won two World Series titles over the past four years and have experienced and talented players in Buster Posey (143 OPS+), Hunter Pence (130 OPS+) and Pablo Sandoval (117 OPS+). Mike Morse (132 OPS+) is having a fine year despite some injuries.
The Nationals may not have the experience of the Giants, but they have advantages in a deeper starting rotation, lineup and better defense. And, since 2012, they are 13-6 against the Giants.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

India @ 9 with Ananya DasguptaNow Showing: Masand reviews 'Happy Ending', 'Dumb And Dumber To'
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Extreme hail storm inundates Florence  Italy with iceBy Angela Fritz September 19 Follow @angelafritz
 
A violent hail storm has ravaged parts of Tuscany, Italy on Friday, with significant impacts on the region’s capital of Florence.
Videos of the storm show torrential rain and hail coming down, and while the hail stones themselves are not large, the sheer quantity is enough to cause chaos on the city streets. Local media report that the hail storm lasted about ten minutes in the city of Florence. This was plenty of time for hail stones to coat the roads like snow.
Radar reflectivity over Italy on Friday morning, afternoon. Holes in the storm suggest the reflectivity was so high that it maxed out on the color scale. ( Weather Underground )
Radar shows the storm beginning off the west coast of Tuscany early Friday morning. As the storm crosses into Tuscany, it grows in size and intensity. By 1:30 p.m. local time, the storm is over Florence. Gaping holes in the storm suggest it was so intense that it maxed out on Weather Underground’s radar reflectivity scale.
The storm brought down trees across the city, which has lead to power outages. Roads were blocked and a number of government offices as well as schools and museums were closed for the day while the clean up process began. Italian media have reported as many as 50 injuries from the storm, and it’s likely that local farmers will be reporting extensive crop damage.
 

Kishore Singh: Chinese takeawaysKishore Singh: Chinese takeaways
AAP slams BJPs PhotoShop Sarkar  vows cleanlinessdrivePrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:38 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 12:40 am
After the South Municipal Corporation submitted ‘photoshopped’ photographs submitted to the High Court to show that roads in Dwarka had been cleaned up, the AAP has launched an online campaign to expose the BJP-led corporation’s style of functioning. After taking on the party on Twitter with #PhotoShopSarkar, the AAP plans to launch a ground-level campaign.
“The AAP demands that the BJP apologise to the people after the High Court exposed its fraud. The AAP is planning a campaign to make the city clean…,” the AAP said. “It shows the true colours of the BJP and the kind of politics that they are pursuing. They have made false claims even to the judiciary…,” AAP spokesperson Ashutosh said. AAP leader Manish Sisodia said, “Except the VIP areas, the entire city is a garbage dump. Councillors indulge in bribes… If they can’t clean Delhi, how will they run the government?”

Fiji national  wanted for murder of partner heldPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:38 am
The Delhi Police has arrested a Fiji national, who had been hiding in the country for the past two years, after allegedly murdering his partner in Fiji in 2009. Police learned the identity of the accused, Imshad Izrar Ali, while investigating a kidnapping case registered at Lajpat Nagar police station.
According to police, on September 9, a Manipur resident informed police about the kidnapping of his daughter who worked at the  Moolchand hospital.
DCP (Southeast) M S Randhawa said the girl was traced with the help of electronic surveillance and rescued from Masjid Moth area. She was allegedly living with Ali. On questioning, police found out that Ali was a pilot in Fiji between 2002 and 2007. In 2007, he allegedly made a bomb hoax call saying an explosive was aboard one of the aircraft. Police said Ali was charged under the Civil Aviation Act in Fiji in connection with this incident. Ali also disclosed that in 2009 he had been arrested for murdering his partner in Suva, Fiji. He was granted bail by the court there on medical grounds. In January 2011, he had come to India on a medical visa and overstayed.
MCI backs advertising watchdog action against docs violating norms
The Advertising Standards Council of India (ASCI) on Friday said it has been backed by the Medical Council of India for taking action against doctors whose advertisements violate the Medical Code of Ethics Regulations, 2002. In its letter, the ethics committee of the MCI has backed the ASCI for its efforts and a self-regulatory mechanism of ensuring ethical advertising practices, the ASCI said in a statement.  The council has observed and processed over 300 complaints of healthcare products, services and clinic advertisements, which feature doctors. The MCI has also directed ASCI to refer to the Indian Medical Registry for obtaining details of doctors making misleading claims in their advertisements. It has instructed SMCs to take action against doctors, who do not follow the medical code of ethics, within six months. ASCI chairman Narendra Ambwani said, “This is an important landmark for ASCI in our efforts to protect consumers from misleading ads. The MCI has advised ASCI to ensure action against allopathic doctors who malign the image of medical professionals.”

Aadhaar link topassportsPrint
Written by Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:38 am
The ambitious Aadhaar project received a boost on Friday with Prime Minister Narendra Modi telling ministries that passports be linked to Aadhaar data in order to prevent duplication of work and ensure maximum utilisation of the collected information.
According to the note from a meeting on Aadhaar, chaired by Modi on September 6, the PMO has said passports in the country should be linked to the Aadhaar number so as to utilise the biometric data collected under it. The Passport Authority of India falls within the Ministry of External Affairs.
Sources said the idea is to avoid “duplication of work”, given both Aadhaar and the Passport Authority of India currently collect biometric data. The practice of mandatory collection of biometrics before the issuance of a passport was started a few years ago. “Since Aadhaar already has biometric data of around 67 crore people, it does not make sense for the Passport Authority to do the same work again when someone applies for a passport.” said an official.
This will also ensure a better verification process since the biometrics through Aadhaar would help trace details about the person.
Currently, the biometrics collected during the issuance of a passport are not utilised further.
The cabinet recently set an Aadhaar enrolment target of 100 crore by the end of next year. The Indian Express had reported on July 7 that the government was looking into the possibility of linking passports with the Aadhaar number.
In another indication of the government’s intention to take Aadhaar and the Direct Benefit Transfer scheme further, the note  also says the PMO has directed the Planning Commission to conduct meetings with states and UTs to inform them of the findings of its review report on the current status of Aadhaar.
In July this year, the PMO had asked the plan panel to gather information about Aadhaar with respect to the beneficiaries of five key government schemes in 300 priority districts. The schemes are  MGNREGA, pensions, scholarships, Public Distribution System and LPG. The plan panel was also asked to assess the status of the number of beneficiaries enrolled under Aadhaar as well as those whose accounts are seeded with it and those who have been left out of the process.
At the September 6 meeting, the PM also directed the Home Ministry to enroll prisoners under Aadhaar.

Two youths in Roorkee kill friend forphonePrint
Written by Sanjay Singh | Dehradun | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:35 am
Two youths allegedly stabbed to death a friend and later crushed his head with stones on the outskirts of Roorkee town after snatching his cellphone to repay a Rs 11,000 loan from a shopkeeper.
According to the police, Vaibhav and Shubham, both aged 20, took Abhishek, 18, to a secluded place on the outskirts of the town Wednesday and stabbed him with a large sewing needle.
The accused have been arrested and have confessed to their crime, Hardwar police chief Sadanand Date said.
As the victim did not return home till late in the evening, his family members lodged a missing person complaint with the police.
Acting on information that Abhishek was last seen with Vaibhav and Shubham, the police detained the accused who, during interrogation, confessed to abducting and killing their friend.
“On the basis of the disclosure made by them, we recovered the body, besides the weapons used in this crime,” a police official said.
The accused had taken a loan of Rs 11,000 from a shopkeeper and in order to repay it, they gave the cellphone snatched from the victim to the same shopkeeper.

Regularisation on hold  BJP shifts focus to development ofcoloniesPrint
Written by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:35 am
The Delhi BJP plans to meet the Union Urban Development Minister to recommend initiation of development work in unauthorised colonies that have been marked out for regularisation.
The Delhi BJP, which anticipates fresh Assembly elections in the national capital, wants to focus on such colonies which could be a huge vote bank for the the party.
But, leaders said the process to regularise unauthorised colonies — a BJP manifesto promise — has come to a halt because of the stringent rules required to clear the regularisation. So, leaders said, they have instead turned their attention to development in the area.  “We will demand an approval to lay sewer lines and roads in these colonies,” a senior leader said.
In addition, the BJP said it would demand that an ordinance be passed to bring about changes in the rules for regularisation.
“It will take sometime to make the regularisation process a reality. The existing rules will not let any colony to be passed as regularised as not many of them have wider roads and space for amenities such as community centres and dispensaries. We have to look at the ground reality and amend the rules,” another senior leader said.
The Delhi government too is struggling to find a way to regularise these colonies. “To fast track the process, several technicalities need to be worked out,” a government official said.
Last month, the Delhi BJP had called for an expansion of scope for colonies to be legalised and had demanded that unauthorised colonies that have come up on the Delhi map by 2013 should be regularised.

2 Maoists  constable killed inencounterPrint
Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:32 am
Two suspected Maoists and a constable of the Chhattisgarh Special Task Force were killed in an encounter near Barsur in Dantewada district Friday.
Police recovered two country-made guns, an 8 mm pistol and other minor weapons from the suspected Maoists. The deceased constable, Budh Dev, was a resident of Balod. “A joint team comprising STF and district force left the Barsur police station for a special operation Thursday night,” said ADG Naxal (ops) R K Vij. The forces had an encounter with the Maoists inside the forests near Picchikoder village Friday morning, and firing lasted nearly 30 minutes. The forces managed to defuse an IED and recovered pressure bombs from the area, Vij added.
Bastar has seen a sudden spurt in encounters in recent months.

Tourism Ministrys cleanliness index to list five bestcitiesPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:27 am
Union Tourism ministry is in the process of bringing out a “cleanliness index” that will list the top five cleanest cities in the country, a step aimed at encouraging their dirty counterparts to “clean up”.
“We are preparing a cleanliness index. The methodology has been finalised. We will not tell you which are the five dirtiest cities. We will certainly tell which are the five cleanest cities,” Tourism Secretary Parvez Dewan said.
To revive tourism in the flood-ravaged J&K, the Centre has asked state officials to bring out an inventory of rooms and infrastructure which can be used without major overhauling. After interacting with state officials, the Centre has learnt that there are many hotels whose upper floors could be put back in business in a short time. A majority of the houseboats, too, could be ready for business. The tourism ministry has told the state to try and restart tourism activities by October 15.
The government also plans to carry out a “culinary survey” across the country. The recipes would be standardised by the Chef Society of India and will be placed in the public domain. The aim is to cover all the 600 districts and the estimated number of recipes to be surveyed could touch a lakh.
The ministry said the project for the development of Varanasi ghats, a pet scheme of the PM, was on schedule. UP government will carry out the drive which could take up to four years.

L-G approves increase inFARThe expansion of Lotus Temple was also proposed in the DDA meeting. (Source: Express Archive)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:27 am
Lt-Governor Najeeb Jung has given clearance to a proposal to increase the ground coverage and floor area ratio (FAR) of plots above 750 sqm. The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) will also be approaching the court to allow more dwelling units on such plots in view of increased FAR.
“The Authority has passed a proposal that the maximum ground coverage in respect to plots of 750 sqm and above be increased from 40  per cent to 50 per cent and the FAR be increased from 120 to 200. This will, however, not change the number of dwelling units proposed to be allowed after increase in FAR. The issue of dwelling units will have to be taken up in court, which had restricted addition of more units. Permission will be sought for allowing additional dwelling units in view of increase in FAR,” a DDA official said.
This issue had been notified under the Master Plan and about 109 objections and suggestions were received. The objections and suggestions were deliberated over by the Board of Enquiry and the decision was taken based on the recommendations of the board.
The expansion of Bahai House of Worship — Lotus Temple — was also proposed. “Bahai Temple had requested for approval of layout plan for expansion of the temple complex. This was for building a training wing for the youth,” the official said.
The expansion is to be carried out on the land already in possession of the temple complex. “The expansion can be carried out subject to the condition of furnishing an undertaking that the FAR will not exceed the sanctioned limit,” he said.
The issue of making South Delhi Greenway Eco Mobility Corridor Project operational was also discussed in the DDA meeting. It was decided that Unified Traffic and Transportation Infrastructure (Planning & Engineering) Centre (UTTIPEC) will monitor and review the progress of the project and report the same to the DDA vice-chairman and the Lt-Governor.
A detailed project report will be prepared for the entire stretch of the 12.5 km-long project. The project will cover the total length of the Barapullah drain, originating near Saib-ul-Ajab near  Meharauli and ending at the confluence of river Yamuna near Barapullah Bridge. The project will be funded by the DDA. The IDFC had indicated that the project would cost nearly Rs 250 crore in Phase-I — from Sarai Kale Khan to INA.

http://usat.ly/1rlmpqgYahoo finds way to blow Alibaba riches
By: Matt Krantz September 19, 2014 11:54 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Yahoo (YHOO) might be celebrating its $8.3 billion windfall from selling Alibaba shares. Here’s the problem: It could have made $11.3 billion.
By selling 121.7 million of its shares in the initial public offering, Yahoo essentially left $3 billion on the table. That’s because Yahoo sold at the laughably low initial offering price of $68 a share, rather than the true value: Friday’s opening price of roughly $93.
This is a big deal for Yahoo, which needs as much cash as possible to keep its competitiveness in a fast-changing Internet world. The amount of money Yahoo left on the table is greater than the $2.7 billion the company reported in cash and short-term equivalents as of June 30.
Compare Yahoo with Japanese investor Softbank, the largest outside holder of shares. Softbank didn’t sell any of its shares in the IPO.
Shares of Yahoo are down $1.81, or 4.3%, to $40.28 in trading Friday.
If there’s a bright side in all this, it’s that Yahoo didn’t unload all its shares. Yahoo is still holding 401.8 million shares of Alibaba. Those shares are worth $37.7 billion at the opening price, which is nearly equal to the $40.9 billion value of Yahoo itself.

NFL Commissioner Takes Questions on Domestic Violence Issues and NFL Conduct PolicySPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Severe Storms and Heavy Rain Moving Across the...
EXPLORE.ORG: Great Dane Puppy Service - Indoor...
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

With co-CEOs  Oracle sets challenging courseWith co-CEOs  Oracle sets challenging course
The insanity that fuels our newsThe insanity that fuels our news
Stronger in the time of lossesStronger in the time of losses
Russian vote monitor denounces London pressure in Scottish  no  voteRussian vote monitor denounces London pressure in Scottish  no  vote
United States says role for Iran in tackling Islamic StateUnited States says role for Iran in tackling Islamic State
Slovakia hails referendum s result in ScotlandSlovakia hails referendum s result in Scotland
Dlf down target=150.....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Get Mallya off USL board: IiASGet Mallya off USL board: IiAS
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 20, 2014 12:46 AM IST
Institutional Investor Advisory Services (IiAS), a proxy advisory firm, has urged the shareholders of United Spirits to reject a proposal of re-electing the embattled Vijay Mallya as the chairman of United Spirits in the forthcoming AGM scheduled on September 30, 2014.
The proxy advisory firm has said they are advising shareholders of USL to reject this proposal as Mallya is battling being tagged as a wilful defaulter by several banks in connection with their lending to Kingfisher Airlines.
"According to an RBI circular, banks must not extend loans to companies where a director is considered a wilful defaulter. IiAS recognizes that USL is a Diageo subsidiary, and can access funds support from its parent company. However, this is not an optimum way of doing business. IiAS further understands that the decision to declare Vijay Mallya a 'wilful defaulter' is being contested by Kingfisher Airlines and Vijay Mallya. But, until this matter is resolved Vijay Mallya continuing on the board will constrain USL's ability to raise debt from the Indian financial system," the proxy advisory firm said in their advise.
This move by this reputed organisation urging shareholders to stop Mallya from being the chairman will compound the woes for Mallya who is battling as many as 22 cases across various courts in India over defaults to a clutch of state-owned banks and other financial institutions.
In addition to this opposition, IiAS has also opposed a move to hike the remuneration to the Director and CFO of United Spirits - P A Murali, stating that he has to be responsible for various intra-group transactions as a result of which USL is making provisions for bad loans.
"PA Murali is answerable for the intra-group transactions for which USL has taken write-offs and provided for in its 2013-14 financial statement. Given that context, IiAS recommends that PA Murali step down from his directorship on the board," the advisory firm said. USL proposes to revise PA Murali's remuneration from Rs 4.2 crore per annum to Rs 12.8 crore (includes Rs 5 crore paid in FY15 as one-time bonus). For nine months effective 4 July 2013, he was paid remuneration of Rs 4.78 crore.
"The proposed remuneration is not commensurate with the performance of the company, and is significantly higher than industry peers. Moreover, given that IiAS believes that PA Murali should step down from the board, a discussion on his remuneration is moot," the advisory firm told bluntly.
IiAS has also opposed another resolution to hike the borrowing limit to Rs 10,000 crore stating that it is high and if drawn down, it would allow the company a debt/equity of over 3x. In case the company undertakes more write-off next year, the impact of this borrowing limit will be much higher, IiAS added.
"With the current write-off, USL's net worth has eroded by over 50% - therefore the company will have to report to BIFR. IiAS recognizes that the company is not 'sick' yet, but increasing the leverage at this stage is not advisable. Additionally, USL has decided to reappoint Vijay Mallya. Mallya has been declared a wilful defaulter by several banks. and this constrains the company's ability to refinance its debt, especially from banks," IiAS cautioned shareholders of USL.

India-origin siblings founded the bought companyIndia-origin siblings founded the bought company
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 20, 2014 12:45 AM IST
Concur Technologies, the US-based company to which German enterprises software maker SAP has agreed to buy for $7.3 billion, has a strong Indian connection.
The Nasdaq-listed company that makes expenses and travel management software was co-founded by three in 1993 including two brothers — Sudhir Steven Singh and Rajiv Singh, whose father, an engineer, migrated to the US from India in the early 1960s.
While the elder sibling, better known as Steve was born in India, the younger one was born in the US though all of them received their educations there. Steve is presently the chairman and CEO while Rajiv is the president and chief operating officer of the company he initially launched from his apartment with a friend Michael Hilton.
The company which over the years transformed itself as a software-as-a-service provider has online tools that are used by around 23,000 customers worldwide. Its revenue run rate stands at $700 million with over 4,200 employees globally.
“I was a product of India, but I grew up in Michigan. I spent the early part of my professional career in Silicon Valley working for a division of Apple,” Steve told in one of his media interviews.
Steve spent early part of his professional life in the Silicon Valley working for a division of Apple where he wrote code on the company’s Macintosh platform. Then, with Hilton, he started Contact Software, maker of ACT that got acquired by Symantec. He also had a stint at Oracle and then Symantec before becoming the CEO of Concur.
The younger sibling Rajiv after finishing his engineering had a stint with Ford Motor Company the experience of which was 'miserable’ going by his own confession.
“As a first generation Indian immigrant family, I think if there are any Indians out there watching, they could tell you Indian parents will ask you first, second and third about grades, so you better be getting good grades and optimally, hopefully you’re planning to become an engineer or a doctor,” Rajiv had once said sharing his experience of entrepreneurship in the US.
“But I would say secondarily, the thing that came from a guy who worked at large companies his whole life like my father did was…it would be a lot more fun to do this for yourselves. Take a little risk when you’re young and take a shot at this and take a swing at this,” he had said.
The acquisition (of Concur by SAP) is expected to close in the fourth quarter of this year or the first quarter of 2015.

Salmond resigns as No vote shifts status quoSalmond resigns as No vote reverberates across political landscape
By George Parker and Mure Dickie in Edinburgh,
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/050f879e-401d-11e4-a343-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Aberdeen chiefs alert over Scotland pledgeAberdeen chief’s alert over Scotland pledge
By David Oakley, Investment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a081ad24-3ff0-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Evraz to spin off North American businessSteelmaker Evraz to float North American business
By Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cccded0a-3fc5-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba debuts with a bang on Wall Street  stock surges 46%You are here: Home > Collections
Alibaba debuts with a bang on Wall Street, stock lists at $92.70/share
Agencies Sep 20, 2014, 01.19AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba Group Holding Inc
(Alibaba Group Holding's…)
NEW YORK: Alibaba Group Holding's shares surged by more than 40% on their first day of trading on Friday as investors jumped in to buy what looks likely to be the largest IPO in history.
More than two hours after trading began at the New York Stock Exchange, the stock opened at $92.70 and rose from there, hitting a high of $99.70 in active trading, during which more than 100 million shares change hands in composite trading in the first 10 minutes of trading.
Its spectacular debut ensured that Alibaba comfortably surpassed Facebook by market capitalisation on its first trade as a public company for a valuation of more than $200 billion. The Chinese ecommerce company now trails only Google, Apple and Microsoft Corp in size among UStraded technology companies. "This is by far the biggest IPO event-extravaganza that we've had," said a trader.
The pricing on Thursday initially raised $21.8 billion for Alibaba. Scott Cutler, head of the New York Stock Exchange's global listing business, said underwriters would exercise their option for an additional 48 million shares, to bring the IPO's size to about $25 billion, making it the largest IPO in history.
The sale values the company at about $168 billion, more than American icons such as Walt Disney and Coca-Cola. Should the stock close at $98 on its first day, it would be worth about $241 billion, nearly the value of Walmart Stores.
Jack Ma, a former English teacher, founded Alibaba in 1999 in his apartment. His personal fortune is more than $14 billion on paper, vaulting him into the ranks of such tech billionaires as Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos. The deal is also expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of the company's managers, software engineers and other staff. The rise in the stock exceeds the average gain by new IPOs on US exchanges of late. In the second quarter, the average first-day gain was 9.2%, according to Renaissance Capital IPO Intelligence.
Underwriters usually aim for a gain of 10-15% on the first day. Demand was intense among the retail investor crowd as well. JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at retail brokerage TD Ameritrade Holding Corp, said the company received customer orders amounting to about 70% of what it saw for Facebook, and about three times the customer orders it had for Twitter's IPO.
With underwriters electing to sell more shares, the company's IPO becomes the largest in history, surpassing Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's $22.1 billion listing in 2010.
FEATURED ARTICLES

35 Chinese PLA men return to Ladakhs Chumar; sit on a hillockYou are here: Home > Collections > Lac
35 Chinese PLA men return to Chumar; sit on a hillock
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 10.07PM IST
Tags:
Chinese PLA
(Hours after withdrawing…)
LEH/NEW DELHI: Hours after withdrawing from the Chumar region in Ladakh, Chinese PLA soldiers were today reported to have crossed into Indian territory again and stationed themselves on a hillock.
Official sources said about 35 PLA men returned to Chumar in northeast Ladakh and were perched on a hillock claiming the area to be part of China while another 300 soldiers were maintaining presence close to Line of Actual Control (LAC).
The standoff in Demchok and Chumar had cast a shadow on yesterday's summit talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping .
The Indian Army, which had starting scaling down operations from the area following the Chinese withdrawal last night, put a halt and again started pitching their tents for a possible fresh stand-off, the sources said.
They said that nearly 300 Chinese soldiers were spotted across the perceived LAC with many of them stationed in their vehicles while others on foot.
This, the sources said, was apparently done by Chinese PLA as the Indian army had not completely withdrawn from the region which is part of Jammu and Kashmir.
Chinese troops, without any border meeting, had started withdrawing from the area at 9:45 PM and the Indian army had also started reducing their presence in the area.
However, as a part of its drill, some Army presence was maintained in the area to verify whether the Chinese had actually returned to their territory which was possible only after the break of dawn tomorrow.
In the morning, after Indian army spotted PLA presence close to the LAC, it was decided to stop reduction of troops till it was verified that the Chinese have gone back to their camps located 10 kms from the LAC.
The tension in this area erupted on Sunday when some of the Chinese workers, who were constructing road on their side, started entering into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build road upto Tible, five km deep into the Indian territory.
The Indian army asked the Chinese workers to leave as otherwise they would face prosecution under Indian laws for entering the country illegally.
However, during the intervening night of Sunday and Monday, nearly 100 Indian soldiers were reported to have been encircled by 300 Chinese PLA men after which a face-off started.
India also rushed reinforcements to the area and were not allowing the Chinese troops to proceed further and also asking them to retreat to their side.
Chumar, the last village in Ladakh area bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a bone of contention with China claiming it to be its own territory and has been frequenting the area with helicopter incursions almost every year.
Chumar had become a flash point during the fortnight long stand-off last year in Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) as the Chinese side had objected to overhead bunkers erected by the Indian side.
As part of an agreement reached at the flag meeting to end the stand-off from April-May 2013 at DBO, the Indian side had to dismantle some overhead bunkers in Chumar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A suicidal man broadcast his tense standoff with police on the anonymous sharing app WhisperBy Caitlin Dewey September 19 Follow @caitlindewey
(Whisper)
A 33-year-old man outside of Dallas allegedly threatened to kill himself, sped off down a local parkway at 100 miles per hour, and refused to get out of his car when pulled over by police — thus beginning a tense, four-hour standoff that would, improbably, be broadcast on the anonymous-sharing app Whisper.
Jose Silva, of Grand Prairie, Tex., sent a series of Whisper messages from inside his car as SWAT teams gathered around him. Around 6 p.m., police were able to force him from the car with chemical canisters, NBC reports , and take him to a local medical center for mental evaluation.
But by that point, Silva had already confessed to planning a so-called “suicide by cop” — and given Whisper what might be the app’s first major, breakthrough news moment.
“This may be the biggest news we’ve ever had on the app,” said Neetzan Zimmerman, Whisper’s editor in chief. “… I feel, in some way, that Whisper helped lead to a peaceful resolution.”
That’s huge, for a service that’s angled itself less as a Post-Secret style confessional, and more as a novel way to do news. In January, the app hired Zimmerman, previously Gawker’s viral traffic guru — the better to allow media “to go places they normally couldn’t,” as Zimmerman puts it now. By March, the app had partnered with Buzzfeed to deliver those kinds of insights to a wider audience, often with striking results: the site has run compilations of confessions from Wal-Mart employees, military members and disgruntled Disney workers, among others. NBC ran, in June, an entire story around Whispers from Iraq , including one that suggested other social networks had been shuttered there.
Essentially, Whisper is saying, it isn’t just a place for bored teenagers to whine about their love lives — it’s a far more transformative medium.
“Watergate started from an anonymous source, and that remains one of the most important stories in American history,” Zimmerman said. “With Whisper, you have access to millions of potential Deep Throats.”
But just like anonymous sources of the more analog variety, Whisper’s sources come with credibility risks — not to mention a whole new “dark side” of their own. Because Whisper disassociates a user’s name from his posts, it’s easy for bullying, misinformation, abuse and mental illness to fester without consequence. In the case of Silva — who was considering suicidal, according to both his user history within the app, and the tip police received from his girlfriend — Whisper served as a platform to broadcast what he thought could be his last moments, even as police negotiators tried to talk him off the edge.
(Whisper)
To further complicate things, Silva wasn’t just broadcasting his take on the standoff: He was also contacted, via direct message, by an employee on Whisper’s news team after a site moderator flagged his posts. In a private conversation with Silva, Whisper learned that he didn’t actually have a gun but was suicidal, among other things. And once Whisper had verified that Silva was indeed where he claimed to be, the app published that information and forwarded it to local police. Zimmerman credits that, in part, for the standoff’s peaceful resolution: had police believed Silva was armed, he points out, things may have ended differently.
But that narrative could be framed another way, too: In the midst of a serious police standoff, a Whisper employee was just casually chatting with a potentially dangerous man. Zimmerman insists any journalist would do the same. But traditionally, journalists have tried, very deliberately, to tell the story without influencing or disrupting it themselves (… particularly when they lack the expertise of, say, SWAT negotiators). And Whisper’s new vision for borderless, anonymous, real-time news very much risks crossing that line, into irresponsible territory.
Wouldn’t the narrative be different if, after chatting with Whisper’s news team, Silva had gotten out of the car to confront police — and been shot down?
“Look, it’s unchartered territory,” Zimmerman said. “It’s a new way to do news. It’s a new way to engage with people. As far as ethics go, you can see it both ways. But when there’s a news story, you have a responsibility to get the other side out. Especially when you’re only seeing a very one-sided view of the news.”
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Maybe Republicans should run on sending in ground troopsBy Greg Sargent September 19 Follow @theplumlinegs
Rep. Greg Walden (R-Ore.) (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
The big news of the day is that, after Congress (sort of) voted to go to war, Republican strategists are rolling out a new line of attack on Democratic candidates over national security.
The NRCC today unleashed a fearsome barrage of new ads accusing multiple House Democratic incumbents and candidates of being soft on terrorists — spots that feature grainy footage that hearkens back to 2002 attack ads. This comes after a fusillade of other similar attacks , including some in ads running in key Senate races such as those in Arkansas and Kentucky.
Do Republicans really want to go here, given that many GOP lawmakers’ position is to send in ground troops, a course of action that is broadly opposed by the American mainstream?
Obama and Democrats are probably somewhat vulnerable on national security in a general sense. The President’s approval on terrorism has plummeted and the GOP now holds a huge advantage on foreign policy. Republican strategists see this as a way to exploit what they see as a general sense that things have gone off the rails, and Dems aren’t doing anything about it.
“There is just this growing sense that things are a little out of control,” says NRCC chair Greg Walden , adding that Republicans are making a bid for so-called “security moms” whose national security anxieties may have been stirred by imagery of beheadings and other international turmoil. In other words, for Republicans this is all about opening up a new front in the battle for worried female voters.
But there are some factors that could — or at least should — complicate this new strategy. For one thing, a large number of GOP lawmakers voted to authorize Obama’s plan to arm and train the Syrian rebels, which gives Democrats a pretty easy response to GOP criticism.
Apparently Republicans think they can endorse Obama’s strategy grudgingly, as a step in the right direction, while saying they don’t think it goes far enough , in order to be able to continue hitting Democrats on the issue. Maybe that will work, but point number two is that the response to ISIS preferred by Republicans themselves is broadly unpopular. Dana Milbank had a good piece the other day detailing just how many GOP lawmakers have called on the administration to be open to sending in ground troops. Milbank concluded: “it would appear that many Republicans are clamoring for a new ground war in the Middle East.”
That’s not a popular position. This week’s NYT/CBS poll found that Americans oppose sending in ground troops by 55-39; independents oppose it by 59-34. Of course, Republicans support this course of action by 62-35, so perhaps this new strategy is yet another way to get all those GOP voters out to the polls.
And yet, when a leading GOP Senate candidate was pushed to say how he would respond to ISIS, he pulled a “homina homina homina.” North Carolina Senator Kay Hagan voted Yes on this week’s measure, but GOP challenger Thom Tillis and his spokesman both declined to say how he would have voted on it.
Perhaps on this issue — as on the Affordable Care Act — Republicans can get away with running against Obummer and keeping their own ideas vague. But on the other hand, if Republicans really want to make these elections about national security, you’d think it just might prompt some media pressure on GOP candidates to say what course of action against ISIS they support and to clarify whether they support another ground war in the Middle East.
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Scottish nationalist leader Salmond quitsScottish nationalist leader Salmond quits
Reuters
print
Scottish nationalist Alex Salmond resigned as leader of his party on Friday and will quit as First Minister of his country after losing an independence referendum.
"For me as leader my time is nearly over but for Scotland the campaign continues and the dream will never die," Salmond told reporters in Edinburgh.
Read: Scotland stays, but now it could be a less united UK ahead
Salmond said he would not accept the nomination as leader of the Scottish National Party at an annual conference in November and that he would then resign as First Minister.
"After the membership ballot I will stand down as first minister to allow the new leader to be elected," he said.

Why Joe Biden gaffed so much this weekVice President Joe Biden is wont to put his foot in his mouth. But this week, he really upped his game. It was not a good week for Joe Biden. (The Washington Post)
Fact: Vice President Biden is a gaffe machine.
You'd be hard-pressed to find anybody -- Democrat or Republican -- who would dispute that point, which Biden reinforced this week with a string of impolitic remarks .
The much more debatable issues are why he does it and what it means for his political future. Two short answers: A "dated mentality" and "it took a hit."
To understand the why, consider what Biden said this week. His first gaffe was referring to bankers taking advantage of members of the military as "Shylocks." His second was using the word "Orient" to describe Asia. His third was appearing to open the door to ground troops in Iraq. The fourth came Friday when he praised former senator Bob Packwood -- at a Democratic women's conference, no less.
With the exception of the ground troops comments, all the others involved some very dated references. Therein lies a large part of Biden's problem.
Packwood was a senator from who resigned in 1995 amid allegations of sexual harassment and assault. The "Shylocks" reference has roots in Shakespeare. "Orient" is an antiquated term for East Asia.
These are not words and references most people are using in 2014. Biden is 71. He was a teenager in the 1950s. He was a senator since the 1970s. The world was very different then. So was the way people talked.
It's pretty clear that Biden didn't mean to offend anyone this week.  In using "Orient," Biden was trying to compliment former Singapore prime minster Lee Kuan Yew, as in, "Foreign policy experts around the world say is the wisest man in the Orient." In mentioning Packwood , Biden was trying to make a point about how Republicans used to be more bipartisan. The head of the Anti-Defamation League criticized Biden's "Shylocks" comment but acknowledged he has been a friend to the Jewish community.
But just because Biden doesn't intend to make news for the wrong reasons doesn't mean he has not suffered as a result. Which bring us to the "what it means" question.
This could have been a very different week for Biden. It started with word that a staff reunion had been postponed because, according to an organizer, too many people were interested in attending.  Biden went to Iowa on Wednesday -- a plum chance to leave a good impression in the first-in-the-nation caucus state as he mulls a presidential run.
But the Biden hype was quickly overshadowed by the Biden gaffes. An energetic, impassioned speech in Iowa that hit on many of the issues liberal activists care about most was back-burnered by his use of a few words no modern politician should ever utter.
In short, Biden's gaffes set him back politically at a time when he was poised to get ahead.
The public often cuts Biden slack because many people agree he doesn't mean any harm. His words are often shrugged off as Joe being Joe. Other politicians who say what he said might have been forced to resign long ago.
But while Biden's good intentions may have saved his political career, it's also prevented him -- despite an impressive resume and long-cultivated relationships -- from taking the next step to being seriously considered by his party as as a top-tier potential presidential candidate.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

The NFL partners with the National Domestic Violence HotlineComments
By Lauren McEwen September 19
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, right, addresses the media in Foxborough, Mass. The NFL is under pressure from sponsors, fans and lawmakers for its handling of domestic violence allegations against several players. At issue is whether the league is acting swiftly enough to investigate or discipline players. (AP Photo/Stephan Savoia, File)
The National Football League is partnering with the National Domestic Violence Hotline to help provide the nonprofit with the resources needed to handle as many callers as possible, since the hotline has seen a uptick in call volume with the publicity surrounding the cases involving league players.
“We are really excited about NFL’s commitment to assist Hotline financially, promotionally and with resources,” says Katie-Ray Jones, president and chief executive of the Hotline. She said the nonprofit will be able to hire more advocates for its partnership with Break the Cycle,  loveisrespect , which is geared toward helping teens through domestic and dating violence.
“We’re staffing today. The NFL asked us to move quickly. We made some staff full-time who weren’t before, adding six advocates,” says Ray-Jones. Over the next few days, the Hotline plans to add five more advocates and 20 more over the next two to three weeks. New advocates have to complete 40 hours of extensive training.
After TMZ released a video on Sept. 8 showing former Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice knocking his  then-fiancée unconscious in a hotel elevator, the Hotline received 84 percent more calls. Call volume rose each time more domestic violence charges against NFL players hit the news. According to a press release from the Hotline, the nonprofit was unable to answer almost 50 percent of the chats, calls and texts received during these surges. In 2013, the Hotline was unable to answer 77,000 callers because it lacked the staff to do so.
After hearing about the connection between the stress on the Hotline and the NFL players involved in domestic violence, the league committed to supporting the Hotline.
The NFL was taken to task for initially suspending Rice for only two games over the February incident. It wasn’t until after  TMZ leaked additional security camera footage, showing the actual beating of Janay Palmer, who is now Rice’s wife, that Rice was cut from the Ravens and suspended indefinitely from the league. That still didn’t quell the critics, who have  called for the NFL to institute a zero-tolerance policy on domestic violence and for NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell to resign .
Questions also were raised about the NFL’s insistence that no one in the organization had seen the full security tape  until TMZ leaked it, and the independent investigation into the matter was criticized for not being all that, well,  independent . Also, other NFL players were arrested for domestic violence .
Now, the NFL seems to be trying to change the narrative as quickly as possible. On Monday, the league, which has not had much gender diversity within its upper management in the past, hired four women to create new polices on sexual assault and domestic violence for the organization. And Goodell  scheduled a news conference at 3 on Monday afternoon  to discuss the league’s personal conduct policy.
“Our decision to enter into a long-term partnership with the NFL will help us immediately increase our ability to hire additional advocates, improve our infrastructure and provide more education about domestic violence that affects one in four women and one in seven men in their lifetimes,” Maury Lane, chair of the board of the National Domestic Violence Hotline, said in a press release.
Given those statistics, Ray-Jones is most excited about the NFL’s commitment to increase awareness, leveraging its partnerships to “let men and women across the country know that they can get help and support.”

If states held a referendum on whether to leave the U.S.  this is how they might voteBy Hunter Schwarz September 19 Follow @hunterschwarz
The percentage of respondents to a Reuters poll who said they supported the idea of your state peacefully withdrawing from the United States of America and the federal government.
Voters in Scotland decided Thursday to remain a part of the United Kingdom. If there were a similar vote in the United States, it would also be defeated, but one in four Americans would vote for their state to leave, according to a poll from Reuters .
The percentage of respondents who said they would support the idea of their state peacefully leaving the United States was broken down by region, with the highest percentages found in the Southwest (34 percent) and Rockies (26 percent). New England had the lowest (19 percent).
Reuters followed up its poll by calling a random sample of those who responded that they would support secession and found they gave their answer “as a form of protest” over their frustration on issues like a weak economic recovery, low-paying jobs, political corruption, immigration, same-sex marriage, President Obama, Congress, and the entire political process.
Those who were Republican, younger, lower-income, or high school graduates were more likely to support it than those who were Democratic, older, high-earning, or college graduates, Reuters said .
 

What Julian Castro and Henry Cisneros share in common beyond their jobs in HUD and San AntonioBy Dina ElBoghdady September 19 Follow @DinaWaPo
President Obama, left, shakes hands with then-San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro after announcing the nomination of Castro to lead the Department of Housing and Urban Development in May. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
It was a déjà vu moment this week when HUD Secretary Julian Castro pledged to promote homeownership , calling it the “cornerstone of the American dream” in his first major policy speech.
Nearly two decades earlier, another former San Antonio mayor and fellow Latino – Henry Cisneros -- made the same pledge after he took over at the Department of Housing and Urban Development, casting homeownership as a pathway to the middle class.
The plug for homeownership seems more jarring now than it did back then, given the spectacular 2008 housing bust that roiled the economy, pushing millions of families into foreclosure and dramatically eroding the home values of millions more. A full recovery from that major stumble has proven elusive, and yet policymakers are once again pushing to expand homeownership.
The pitch will be a tough sell, for now. The younger set -- loaded with student debt in a tight job market -- may not be able to save for a down payment or qualify for a mortgage if lending standards remain tough. A chunk of them moved in with their parents during the recession or never left home in the first place. Some housing experts suggest that the millennial generation – the largest and most diverse in history – may be losing its taste for owning a home just as many of them are entering their prime home-buying years. Buying a home may no longer be the right of passage it once was.
About 66 percent of millennials say that renters can be just as successful as owners at achieving the American dream, according to a recent survey by the MacArthur Foundation . Six in 10 say it’s less likely for a family to build equity and wealth through homeownership today than it was two or three decades ago. And after polling adults of all ages, the survey found that the public at large is divided over whether homeownership continues to be an excellent long-term investment.
Still, Castro and Cisneros – who landed jobs as the nation’s top housing officials at very different times – insist homeownership remains an important wealth-building opportunity for many Americans struggling to enter the middle class.
“The wrong lesson to take from all that’s happened is to say we ought to deemphasize homeownership, that it’s no longer the vehicle it has been in supporting the middle class,” Cisneros said in an interview with The Washington Post. “I continue to believe, even after the great recession, that we were doing the right thing.”
By the time Cisneros joined HUD in 1993, the homeownership rate had been hovering around 64 percent for years. With the economy growing , Cisneros's boss – President Bill Clinton – wanted to boost that rate. The administration came up with a strategy that aimed to take homeownership to an all-time high and make it easier for 8 million more people to purchase homes by 2000. They were convinced that this would help average Americans build wealth and create jobs for the economy.
The push continued under the George W. Bush administration, which unveiled its “Ownership Society” platform in 2004, and challenged the real estate and mortgage industries to seek out minorities in particular. (By then, the homeownership rate was 73 percent for white Americans, 49 percent for African Americans and 48 percent for Latinos.) The initiative's goal was to increase the number of minority homeowners by at least 5.5 million before the end of that decade.
The rest is history.  An unsustainable housing boom took off, and the homeownership rate hit record highs of about 69 percent during the bubble years. Then came the bust. The reasons behind the meltdown are varied – lax lending standards, exotic loan types, poor regulatory oversight, abusive lending practices, and a system in which the financial incentives of lenders and Wall Street were not in any way aligned with the financial well-being of consumers.
All these years later, Cisneros has some misgivings. He said the homeownership effort was “hijacked” by market dynamics that no one saw coming. “If I knew then that our push for homeownership could be utilized this way, we would have worked on safeguards,”  said Cisneros, who now serves as co-chairman of the Bipartisan Policy Center's housing commission.  “But the wrong approach now is to make it harder for people to become homeowners.”
Yet that’s exactly what’s happening. In the wake of the housing crisis, just about everybody – including HUD’s Federal Housing Administration, a popular source of low down payment loans – has made it tougher to secure a mortgage. As many as 1.2 million additional loans would have been made annually since 2012 if normal, pre-housing bubble lending standards had been in place, according to a recent analysis by the nonpartisan Urban Institute.
“The pendulum has swung too far in the other direction,” Castro said earlier this week in his speech, delivered at the Bipartisan Policy Center housing summit in Washington. “The truth is that the dream of homeownership is out of reach for too many Americans.  This has to change.”
That’s especially true for Hispanics and African Americans. Earlier this week, the Urban Institute compiled mortgage data reported by financial institutions to the government from 2001 through 2012 and used it to create an interactive map showing the distribution of mortgages by race and ethnicity. The graph showed that loans to Hispanics and African Americans shot up when the housing market was red hot and credit came easy, and then dropped when the housing market unraveled. The two groups were disproportionately hit by the financial crisis, and now many Hispanics and African Americans can’t qualify for a mortgage.
The share of mortgages made to African American and Hispanic households fell from 25 percent in 2005 to 12 percent in 2012, the Urban Institute analysis said. Lenders keep turning away potential home buyers who don’t have top-notch credit in order to protect themselves from financial penalties and lawsuits should another downturn hit, despite pleas from the Obama administration to loosen up. The administration’s top housing officials met with several lenders earlier this week to take another crack at tackling the issue.
In his speech this week, Castro said the administration and lenders share a common interest: a robust housing market. "It’s time to remove the stigma associated with promoting homeownership," he said.
 

PM Modi says Indian Muslims will live and die for India; al Qaeda is delusionalAl Qaeda would be delusional to think Indian Muslims will respond to its call to launch a jihad in the region, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said, praising the community’s love of the country.
 
"They are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country," Modi told CNN, which aired excerpts of his pre-recorded interview on Friday.
 
"If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India -- they will not want anything bad for India."
 
It was Modi's first reaction to al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri's announcement this month that the group would set up a new operation to wage jihad in South Asia, which has a large but traditionally moderate Muslim population. A few days later it claimed responsibility for the failed hijacking a Pakistani naval ship.
Read: Congress questions timing of Modi's statement on Indian Muslims
 
There have been relatively few reports of young Indian men leaving to fight Islamist causes abroad. Only recently four young men from Maharashtra were believed to have travelled to Iraq to fight for the Islamic State.
 
Modi said the threat from Islamist extremist groups was "a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race.
 
"We have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else," he added.
 
Modi's comments come amid a debate within his Bharatiya Janata Party about how to deal with religious minorities after an inflammatory by-election campaign drew the ire of rights activists and failed to win over voters.
 
Yogi Adityanath, the party’s star campaigner in the recent by-elections in Uttar Pradesh, has been accused of delivering inflammatory speeches against Muslims.
 
Ahead of a visit to meet US President Barack Obama later this week, Modi said ties between the United States and India, a Cold War ally of the Soviet Union, will continue to improve.
 
"From the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century we have witnessed a big change," Modi said.
 

Will they  wont they BJP  Shiv Sena seat tussle continuesComments
The Shiv Sena-BJP alliance was kept intact on Friday after senior leaders of both parties met and decided to begin negotiations with a new seat-sharing formula. The alliance had reached breaking point as the parties had suspended talks last week owing to differences over seat sharing for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls.
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray’s son Aaditya and senior party leader Subhash Desai held talks with BJP in-charge OP Mathur on Friday evening. At the time of going to press, both sides were engaged in discussions at the Mayor’s bungalow.
“We are still discussing things,” said Desai, adding that the alliance will survive.
The Sena has agreed to consider a new proposal for sharing seats — Sena’s 59 and BJP’s 19 — that both parties have not won in the last 25 years. This was agreed upon after the BJP refused to accept the 119 seats offer and reminded the Sena about the sacrifices it has made in the past to save the alliance.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Cabinet colleague Nitin Gadkari met twice in New Delhi on Friday to discuss the situation. Sources said it was on the PM’s instructions that the state core committee, which met Friday afternoon, proposed a new formula to the Sena. Gadkari, who was to visit the city on Friday evening, cancelled his trip citing health reasons.
Sources from the Sena said the party top brass was unwilling to accept less than 150 seats, while the under the formula suggested by the BJP, the former will get less than 150 seats and the latter would have around 125 seats, 10 less than their initial demand. The four smaller allies are proposed to be given 15 to 18 seats.
Read: Sene lashes out at Rajnath Singh on love jihad issue
State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis demanded that all doubts be cleared once and for all. “The two sides still have serious differences. The Sena says our demand is unjust, while we too feel they are unjust. We have many things to decide [before the final outcome is decided],” he said.
Friday’s moves, however, have not brought relief to the cadre of both parties, as there is still no outcome with the process of filing nominations beginning on Saturday.
Read: Silent on Sena, Shah urges workers to bring BJP to power
Eknath Khadse, Opposition leader in the Assembly, said his party had given six Lok Sabha seats and one Rajya Sabha seat to the Sena in the past. “Most of them were sitting positions. Of late, we accommodated RPI’s Ramdas Athvale on the Rajya Sabha seat held by Prakash Javadekar,” said Khadse, after the BJP state core committee meeting.
The tension between the allies escalated after the BJP demanded an equal share of the state’s 288 Assembly seats, citing the Lok Sabha poll results, where they won 23 seats against the Sena’s 18. In 2009, the Sena had contested 169 seats and the BJP 119, winning 44 and 46, respectively. Later, talks were suspended after Udhhav Thackeray raised doubts over the impact of a Modi wave in the state polls.
Read: Shah shrugs off loss, says rivals have grown wings
On Thursday, BJP’s national president Amit Shah had asked for an immediate response from the Sena, but his demand for protecting the BJP’s self-esteem did not go well with their ally. Sniffing “arrogance” in Shah’s statements made at public rallies in western Maharashtra, the Sena said no one could issue them an ultimatum and asked the BJP to accept 119 seats or forget the pact.

Need more shelters for winter  NGOs tell courtPrint
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 1:06 am
After it was pulled up by the High Court over poor sanitation facilities at night shelters for the homeless, the Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board (DUSIB) on Friday told the court that toilets in permanent shelters are directly connected to the sewer. In temporary shelters, toilets are connected to septic tanks which are cleaned periodically by civic authorities, DUSIB said.
On Thursday, representatives from various NGOs, under the banner of the Shahri Adhikar Manch (SAM:BKS), had informed the court of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice R S Endlaw about the poor upkeep of these shelters.
The NGOs also told the court that there was a lack of uniformity in the amount paid to them for maintenance. While DUSIB claims to pay Rs 53,000 per month for upkeep of bigger shelters, NGOs said some of them received only Rs 35,000. They said more permanent shelters were required for winter.
The court asked DUSIB to apprise it of the manner in which contracts for maintenance of the shelters are given to NGOs. NGOs said there was insufficient water and medical facilities at the shelters and asked that Rs 6/per shift entry fee for men and children above 16 years be waived.
The court will pass order on September 24.

Dont take it sitting downPrint
New York Times | Posted: September 20, 2014 1:02 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 1:04 am
If people need motivation to get up from their office chairs or couches and become less sedentary, two useful new studies could provide the impetus. One found that sitting less can slow the aging process within cells, and the other underscores that standing up — even if you are standing still — can be good for you as well.
For most of us nowadays, sitting is our most common waking activity, with many of us sitting for eight hours or more every day. Even people who exercise for an hour or so tend to spend most of the remaining hours of the day in a chair.
The health consequences of this sedentariness are well-documented. But most of these studies could not prove whether or how sitting actually causes ill health.
So for the most groundbreaking of the new studies, published in the British Journal of Sports Medicine, scientists in Sweden decided to mount an actual experiment for it. In particular the scientists were interested in whether changes in sedentary time would affect people’s telomeres — the tiny caps on the ends of DNA strands.
Telomeres shorten and fray as a cell ages, although the process is not strictly chronological. Obesity, illness and other conditions can accelerate the shortening, causing cells to age prematurely.
For the new experiment, the Swedish scientists recruited a group of sedentary, overweight volunteers, all aged 68, and drew blood to measure the length of telomeres. Then half of the volunteers began an individualised, moderate exercise programme, designed to improve their general health. They also were advised to sit less. The other volunteers were told to continue with their normal lives, although the scientists urged them to try to lose weight and be healthy.
After six months, the volunteers all returned for a second blood draw. This showed that those in the exercise group were exercising more than they had been previously. But they were also sitting substantially less than before.
And the scientists also found that telomeres in the volunteers who were sitting the least had lengthened. Their cells seemed to be growing physiologically younger. Meanwhile, in the control group telomeres generally were shorter. But perhaps most interesting, there was little correlation between exercise and telomere length. In fact, the volunteers in the exercise group who had worked out the most during the past six months tended now to have slightly less lengthening and even some shortening, compared to those who had exercised less but stood up more.
Exactly what the volunteers did in lieu of sitting is impossible to say with precision, said Per Sjögren, a professor of public health at Uppsala University in Sweden, who led the study. But “it’s most likely,” he said, that “sitting time was predominantly replaced with low-intensity activities,” and in particular with time spent standing up.
Standing is not, after all, physically demanding for most people, and some scientists have questioned whether merely standing up — without also moving about and walking — is sufficiently healthy.
If so, standing could be expected to increase health problems and premature death, continued…

Beating back risk of diabetes with diet and exercisePrint
New York Times | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:59 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 1:04 am
Diabetes and its complications are responsible for nearly 200,000 deaths a year in the United States; the fatality rate among affected adults is 50 per cent higher than among similar people without diabetes. Type 2 diabetes runs in families, largely because its primary risk factor — excess weight — runs in families. But you can keep it at bay by losing weight and becoming more active.
Unfortunately, as numerous studies have shown, intensive efforts to get people to lose weight, eat healthier and become moderately active fail more often than not even among those who already have diabetes. It is easier to avoid becoming overweight in the first place.
But it is by no means impossible to lose weight, and at some point, your physical and mental well-being may depend on it. Here are some diet and exercise tips that can help.
Avoid drastic measures. Crash diets and kooky eating plans are doomed to fail. It’s better to make gradual changes in what and how much you eat to give your body a chance to adjust. The Diabetes Prevention Program study, conducted among about 3,800 people who had pre-diabetes, found that moderate weight loss — an average of 12 pounds — reduced the odds of progression to diabetes by nearly 50 per cent.
An excellent discussion of what is known about the effect on diabetes of various foods and supplements appeared recently in Nutrition Action Healthletter at cspinet.org/iceberg.pdf. Some highlights:
Carbohydrates — breads, grains, cereals, sugary drinks and sweets of all kinds – are most problematic for people with diabetes or at risk of developing it. Carbohydrates are eventually metabolized to glucose, which raises the body’s demand for insulin. Consume less
of them in general, and choose whole-grain versions whenever possible.
If you must have sweet drinks, select artificially sweetened ones. In two huge studies of nurses and other health professionals who were followed for 22 years, those who drank one or more sugary soft drinks a day had about a 30 per cent higher risk of developing diabetes than those who rarely drank them, even after their weight was taken into account.
Fruit juice is not necessarily safer than soda. All drinks with fructose (table sugar, high-fructose corn syrup, honey or agave) may increase body weight, insulin resistance and belly fat, all of which can promote diabetes.
But there’s good news about coffee. Two or three cups of coffee (but not tea) a day, with or without caffeine, have been consistently linked to a lower risk of Type 2 diabetes. For protein, limit consumption of red meat, especially processed meats like sausages, hot dogs and luncheon meats. Instead, choose fish, lean poultry (skinless and not fried), beans and nuts.
Low-fat dairy products, including yogurt, and even fatty ones may lower the risk of diabetes. Most protective are green, leafy vegetables as well as cruciferous vegetables like cabbage, broccoli and cauliflower. But all vegetables are good and should fill at least two-thirds of your dinner plate.
Nutrients magnesium and vitamin D are also potentially protective.
Of course, how much you weigh and continued…

Submit video of water body in Dadri wetlands  UP govt toldPrint
Written by Aniruddha Ghosal | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:53 am
The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has asked the Uttar Pradesh government to submit a video recording of the Bil Akbarpur Wetland in Dadri, after an affidavit submitted by the UP government disputed the very existence of a U-shaped water body at the site.
The direction came in response to a plea that alleged that the wetlands, which is home to many protected species, was being destroyed by construction work by Uttam Steels and Associate and Shiv Nadar University, which falls within the Dadri wetlands in Greater Noida.
The UP government was instructed to “prepare a video recording of the entire area covered under these projects as well as the U-shaped water body”.
Though the UP government had earlier submitted an affidavit after physical verification of the site, which showed the presence of a U-shaped water body, the NGT noted that “the project proponent has filed on record a map superimposing the U-shaped water body”. This, the NGT noted, disputed the “very factum of the U-shaped water body”.
The tribunal was hearing the plea of two environmentalists — Akash Vashishtha and Vikrant Tongad — who had alleged that the Dadri wetlands was being destroyed due to activity of builders. These wetlands, the petition said, was the habitat of the protected black buck species, nilgai and over 200 migratory and resident birds.
In their petition they had accused the UP government of not taking action to prevent “massive damage to these wetlands”.
They claimed that the government had violated the Wetlands (Conservation and Management) Rules, 2010, while granting clearance to Uttam Steel and Associates, under the banner of Ansals API, to build a township in the area. The government had also allowed Shiv Nadar University to build its campus  there.
The petitioners sought the setting up of a permanent monitoring committee to ensure compliance of environmental norms, while seeking directions that the university and builders carry out afforestation to maintain the habitat.

Whos the heir to Obamas foreign policyBy Jennifer Rubin September 19 Follow @JRubinBlogger
He is the master of the straw man (“To those who wish unlimited intervention and boots on the ground everywhere’) and the personal insult (“warmongers”!). He says he loves Israel — you don’t get to be president without saying so — yet he trusts Secretary of State John Kerry to negotiate a deal with Iran, opposes conditional sanctions, wants to undercut our support for the Jewish state, believes U .S. leadership in the world makes things worse (“intervention enhanced the rise of radical Islam, and ultimately led to more danger for Americans”),  opposed striking Bashar al-Assad to enforce the red line, thought it was a good idea to bring all the troops home from Iraq, is opposed to sending ground troops to fight even when American national security interests are threatened and thinks the Pentagon has more than enough funding .
Iraqis check on September 11, 2014 the damage at the site of a double car bomb attack that hit the previous evening the busy district of al-Ghadir in eastern Baghdad. Bomb attacks killed 19 people in Baghdad on September 10 as US Secretary of State John Kerry visited the Iraqi capital for talks on combatting jihadists, officials said. (AFP PHOTO/AHMAD AL-RUBAYEAH/ Getty Images)
He wants to accord jihadists rights relevant to American criminal suspects, deplores data collection by the NSA, blames George W. Bush for the Middle East mess, thinks we need to nation build at home and wants us out of Afghanistan entirely . He peddles in defamatory rumors , comes up with phony statistics, continually gets his history wrong and denies he said what he did (even if it is captured in print and on video). He hires as a top national security adviser  who was the co-author of the Global Zero plan for unilateral disarmament. He has a nasty habit of “ blaming America first .” He demonizes former vice president Dick Cheney and will acknowledge Hillary Clinton is more hawkish than he.
In this case, I’m not referring to President Obama. No, these are Rand Paulisms. There is a reason left-wing students applaud his national security pronouncements and MSNBC sometimes sings his praises. He is the president’s ideological twin and displays the same slippery sleights of hand to attack enemies and justify his views.
Others have noticed this as well. Robert Kaufman writes :
Paul’s views on national security most closely resemble President Obama’s. Like Obama, Paul calls for deep cuts in “America’s bloated Department of Defense,” which Reagan hugely increased. “A less aggressive foreign policy along with an audit of the Pentagon could save tens of millions of dollars each year without sacrificing national defense,” Paul told CNN. In some ways, Paul is even more dovish than Obama. Paul led a filibuster against the administration’s use of drones. Paul denounced NSA spying that has continued under Obama as unconstitutional and likened national security leaker Edward Snowden to Martin Luther King.
It is true that historically speaking isolationists on the right and left, while coming from different ideological perspectives, have often converged in seeking American withdrawal from the world. Even though Rand Paul’s pedigree is from the swamp fever of the far right and Obama hails from liberal academia, then, it’s no surprise their conclusions frequently coincide. Perhaps by chance — or because they harbor ideologies that inherently create tension between their views and reality — they both deploy similar tactics (denounce critics, deny what they’ve said, deploy straw men) to survive attacks.
This is obviously problematic for Rand Paul’s presidential prospects, and perhaps even for his re-election to the U.S. Senate. A Republican on the Hill observing his rant on support for the Free Syrian Army remarked, “He still appeals to a certain constituency. But the party generally has stampeded back the other way as ISIS has gotten stronger and Obama’s foreign policy grown weaker.” And thus, we see Rand Paul at times race to catch up and at other times fall back into his comfort zone and lash out at critics. David Adesnik of the American Enterprise Institute remarked to me, “Like Barack Obama, Rand Paul is lost in a world where passivity is no longer a viable strategy. And when you’re lost, you do offensive and irresponsible things like accusing a fellow senator – John McCain – of personally meeting with terrorists.”
Well, Obama said a lot of things in his campaigns, but acted pretty much in line with his core beliefs and values. His ideological soul mate would almost certainly do the same. For now he’s flailing, as Adesnik points out, “Sen. Paul is moving from flip-flopping to incoherence. First he wasn’t sure if ISIS was a threat. Then he wanted to declare war. Now he wants to fight ISIS while denouncing others who support that position as warmongers.”
No one much cares outside the media and political class how a politician reaches his views; the public rightly focuses on where his views lead. Right now the potential presidential candidate most likely to reach the results closest to Obama’s foreign policy is Rand Paul. If you like what Obama has done, you’ll likely love Rand Paul, but somehow I don’t think that will be on a “Rand Paul for President” bumper sticker.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Column: Will the rupee break out of the rangeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Oops! Retailer hails independent ScotlandOops! Retailer hails independent Scotland
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN September 19, 2014: 9:22 AM ET
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Customers of an online furniture retailer may have woken up Friday thinking Scotland had voted in favor of independence.
Landing in their inbox around 6 a.m. local time was an e-mail from Made. Over an image of Scotland's flag, the Saltire, Made heralded the birth of a new country and offered discounts to celebrate.
"As a little patriotic inspiration for the newly-independent country, take a peek at our selection of blue, Saltire-inspired products below," it said.
Unfortunately for Made, the e-mail coincided with Scotland's independence campaigners conceding defeat .
"It's been a long week for us and we were gripped by last night's referendum meaning a late night and some bleary eyes, but you guessed it; our emails this morning were deliberate," said a spokesperson for the company. "Scotland, we love you and hope no offense was caused."
Related: Markets rally as Scotland votes against independence
Made -- based in the wealthy north London neighborhood of Notting Hill -- rushed out a second e-mail about half an hour later. It offered the same discounts, only this time with an image of the Union flag to celebrate the survival of Great Britain.
The company promotes a range of designs, groups orders over a week, and then arranges production for just the volume it needs. It claims to save buyers as much as 70% off the price of equivalent products at leading stores.
Its backers include Lastminute.com founder Brent Hoberman, and John Hunt, who founded the Seattle Coffee Company that was sold to Starbucks ( SBUX ) in the late 1990s.
First Published: September 19, 2014: 7:36 AM ET
Most Popular

Ukrainian rebel leaders criticism of Scottish independence results mysteriously retractedBy Adam Taylor September 19 Follow @mradamtaylor
A lone YES campaign supporter walks down a street in Edinburgh after Scotland voted against independence. (Stefan Rousseau/AP)
The results of the Scottish independence referendum have shown a clear "no" majority, and Scotland will stay part of the United Kingdom. But at the other end of Europe, there were reports that a very different separatist movement was casting doubt on the validity of the Scottish vote.
"I can't exclude the possibility that the British authorities have falsified the results of that referendum, as the difference between those who voted for independence and against it isn't too big," Miroslav Rudenko, a key leader in Ukraine's pro-Russian rebels, said in comments carried by Interfax on Friday. "This means a few percent might have been massaged in in favor of British unity."
Rudenko, the leader of the militia of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic, has seen a far bloodier independence battle than Scotland did. For months, the Ukrainian government in Kiev has battled separatist forces like those led by Rudenko in the east of the country, and the United Nations recently announced that  at least 3,000 had died in the conflict.
Interfax subsequently retracted the bulletin that carried Rudenko's comments, without giving any reason for doing so.
The rebels in Ukraine had also looked to the ballot box. Crimea, a peninsula at the south of Ukraine, held a referendum on joining Russia in March, which pro-Russian groups won despite considerable backlash from the West. The region has since become a de-facto part of Russia. In May, groups in the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic and the Luhansk People’s Republic declared independence after winning referendums on independence, though the results were not accepted by Kiev's government and were condemned by a number of world powers.
"First of all, we can see that Scotland has been allowed to hold an official referendum and we haven't," Rudenko's reported comments in Interfax had said. "However, if the British central authorities had seen more powerful public support for the independence of Scotland, they would definitely have refused to allow [the referendum]. This means double standards: The West approves such referendums when they meet its goals, but when they don't it doesn't even allow them to be officially held."
In the days before the referendum, Sergei Aksyonov, the new, pro-Russian leader of Crimea, announced his support. "If they choose their independent way forward that is absolutely fine. Crimea understands them and supports them morally," Aksyonov said during an interview on Russian state television, according to Reuters . "I am interested to see what Western politicians would do if a territory that used to be part of the United Kingdom decides to go ahead on its own," he added. "Crimeans were not allowed to, but the Scots are?"
The Russian state has also voiced concern over the Scottish vote. Having sent their own international observer to Scotland for the vote , the Kremlin announced that the vote did not meet "international standards." The counting was held in rooms that were too big, Igor Borisov explained, and it was too hard for the observers present to check what was going on. Borisov had previously told the Russian press that he found the absence of long lines at polling stations suspicious.
Note: This post has been updated to acknowledge that Interfax subsequently retracted Rudenko’s statements.
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Caterpillar s dealer machinery sales drop 10 percent0
Caterpillar has said mining companies are increasing productivity in existing mines rather than investing in expansions or opening new mines, which results in lower demand for its products.
Meanwhile, construction sales for the period fell by 1 percent. It was the first time this year that sales in the segment were negative.
Sales fell by 10 percent in Asia-Pacific and by 23 percent in Latin America.
The company said in July it expects weaker sales of construction equipment in the second half of the year in key markets including China, where it expects 2014 sales to fall by 10 percent.
As for Latin America, Caterpillar said it expected lower figures there because the sales are being compared with last year’s sales of backhoe loaders and motor graders to the Brazilian government.
Stephen Volkmann, an analyst with Jefferies & Co., reiterated in a note to investors that the concern is that the continuation of weak sales could cause dealers to de-stock more equipment than expected in the next two quarters.
Prices of Caterpillar stock fell nearly 2 percent in morning trading to about $102 per share.

Alibaba surges in huge IPOBoom: Alibaba surges 38% in huge IPO debut
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 19, 2014: 4:21 PM ET
 
This is how a stock is born
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Alibaba, the biggest IPO to ever hit Wall Street, made a huge splash when it started trading Friday.
Shares of the Chinese e-commerce giant closed at $93.89, marking a 38% pop from the $68 price of its record-shattering initial public offering.
The bounce signals optimism among investors about Alibaba's ( BABA ) ability to continue its rapid growth trajectory as China's middle class grows and and the company expands to other parts of the world.
Moments after the stock started trading, the co-founder and CEO of the company, Jack Ma, told CNNMoney he's "honored" and "humbled."
Ma told CNBC that years from now he wants Alibaba to be compared with American icons like Wal-Mart ( WMT ), Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) and IBM ( IBM , Tech30 ). People will say Alibaba "changed the world," he said.
Related: Everything you need to know about Alibaba
Alibaba opened at $92.70 and then raced to nearly $100 before sinking back below the IPO price for a few hours. The initial trading day for any stock is almost always volatile, but Alibaba's will be seen as a win.
Unlike the disastrous 2012 Facebook ( FB , Tech30 )IPO on Nasdaq, Alibaba's first few hours as a public company went smoothly. That's good news for the New York Stock Exchange, where Alibaba chose to list its high-profile IPO under the ticker symbol "BABA."
Alibaba raised $21.8 billion late Thursday. That's the largest ever IPO for a company listed on an American exchange.
It might turn out to be the biggest IPO in the world. Goldman Sach ( GS )and the other investment banks that made the IPO happen have the option to purchase additional shares. If those options are exercised as expected, the Alibaba deal would raise $25 billion -- a global record.
Alibaba is cashing in on a very bullish overall atmosphere for stocks. The Dow and S&P 500 set new all-time records this week.
Don't worry if you've never heard of Alibaba. You haven't been living under a rock.
The Chinese company, which was founded in 1999 by former English teacher Ma, has yet to make its presence felt in the U.S. But the truckload of new cash raised by the IPO should change that.
Alibaba has largely focused on the exploding Chinese Internet market, which has already made the company a dominant player in e-commerce.
Related: Alibaba IPO means a big payday for Jack Ma
Investors are so excited about the company becasue roughly $248 billion of merchandise exchanged hands on Alibaba's platforms in 2013, according to IDC. That trumps the gross merchandise volume of Amazon.com ( AMZN , Tech30 ), eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ), JD.com ( JD ) and Japan's Rakuten ( RKUNF ) -- combined.
Thanks to those impressive figures, Alibaba starts life with some elite company you've definitely heard of. At the $68 IPO price, Alibaba was valued at $168 billion. That's more than Amazon.com.
After the first day of trading, Alibaba now has an even more impressive valuation of $231 billion, which is greater than Facebook and more than halfway to catching Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ).
Many investors like to consider the price-to-earnings ratio as a way to gauge how expensive a stock is. Based on its earnings for the year ended March 31, Alibaba is trading at a very lofty price-to-earnings multiple of 61.
Analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald launched coverage of Alibaba on Friday with a "buy" rating, although they have a price target of $90, which has already been surpassed.
"We believe that a differentiated pricing model, strong brand and unmatched scale give Alibaba an unfair competitive advantage," Cantor analyst Youssef Squali wrote in a note.
Retail investors are showing some serious interest in Alibaba. TD Ameritrade ( AMTD ) said Alibaba orders were on track to represent 15% of daily average revenue trades at the brokerage. By comparison, Facebook represented 22% of trades on its IPO day and Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) was about 5%.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) investors are also cheering because the U.S. Internet company is cashing in a chunk of its investment in Alibaba. After taxes, Yahoo is poised to make around $5.1 billion by selling about 122 million Alibaba shares. Yahoo is holding onto a major stake that translates to billions more in value.
First Published: September 19, 2014: 11:59 AM ET
Most Popular

Alibaba live blog: Tracking biggest tech IPORemember me on this computer
Sign in

To save alliance  BJP settles for lessUpdated: September 20, 2014 02:53 IST
BJP offers to settle for less
Priyanka Kakodkar
Tweet
BJP national president Amit Shah (right) and Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray in Mumbai. File photo: Special Arrangement
PTI In this September 18, 2014 photo, BJP president Amit Shah with Maharashtra BJP leaders at a party function in Ahemadnagar. The Sena-BJP alliance is under strain over seat-sharing for the Maharashtra Assembly polls.
TOPICS
state politics
Suggests 125-130 seats for itself, 163 for Sena in new proposal
Taking the initiative to break the deadlock over seat-sharing with its ally Shiv Sena in Maharashtra, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has offered to settle for 125-130 of the State’s 288 seats, less than its original demand of 135, but it remains keen to avoid announcing a chief ministerial candidate.
The Sena will get 163 seats under the fresh proposal and each will cede nine seats to smaller allies. There was no official word on the ongoing talks between the partners. “A proposal has been given to the Sena and we are hopeful of getting a positive response,” said Devendra Fadnavis, the BJP’s Maharashtra unit president.
Sena leader Aaditya Thackeray said the freeze in the alliance had thawed. “Both parties have decided to continue with the alliance to defeat the Congress-NCP government.”
The final seat-sharing formula is to be decided between Uddhav Thackeray and the BJP’s State election in-charge O.P. Mathur. The allies were expected to hold another meeting on Friday night.
The Sena has been insisting on the 2009 formula that gave 119 seats to the BJP and 169 to the Sena. The BJP asked for more and also wanted a discussion on the 59 seats that the Sena had not won in the past and 19 seats that the BJP had not won.
This had heightened tension between the allies leading to speculation on Thursday of a possible split. There could be some exchange of seats between the parties, according to leaders.
The BJP, whose core committee led by O.P. Mathur met here on Friday, said before sending the proposal to the Sena that it wanted the alliance to continue. “Our priority is to work for the aspirations of the people of Maharashtra. The people’s hopes are rested on the yuti [alliance],” BJP leader Sudhir Mungantiwar said. “Who will be the CM is not important at this moment.”
The BJP leaders stressed that the party had displayed a “large heart” in the past and worked to keep the alliance intact. Eknath Khadse, Leader of the Opposition in the Assembly, said the BJP made many “sacrifices” for the sake of the alliance and also reduced its Lok Sabha share from 32 to 26.
“We don’t want any mistakes from our allies that will benefit the NCP-Congress,” Mr. Mungantiwar said.

Missed Alibaba 7 Chinese stocks even betterMissed Alibaba? 7 Chinese stocks even better
By: Matt Krantz September 19, 2014 1:40 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
If you didn’t get shares of Alibaba (BABA) at the $68 offering price — it’s probably too late to chase them. But don’t worry, there are better choices, according to analysts.
With shares of Alibaba trading at $90 a share, that’s already about the $ 92 a share that analysts think the company is worth. But there are 7 other Chinese stocks that trade on major U.S. stock exchanges that have more potential upside, according to analysts.
Chinese stocks like Cheetah Mobile (CMCM) , Qihoo 360 (QIHU) and Sina (SINA) have 40% or more upside before hitting the average Wall Street 18-month price targets and that have at least five analysts covering them and are rated a “buy” or “outperform,” according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
When it comes to upside, it’s hard to beat Cheetah Mobile. The company sells devices and services for mobile computing users in China. It’s a hot area — but surprisingly analysts still see astounding upside. The average price target on the stock by the six analysts covering it is $197.59. If that target is on target, that represents a 722% potential upside from the stock’s current price of $24.04. And it’s easy to see why analysts are so bullish. Earnings are expected to grow 183% in 2014.
Chart source: MSN Money
Then there’s Qihoo 360, which provides computer mobile and Internet security services in China. Analysts are calling for 74% upside on this stock with the 18-month price target of $132.13. Shares are now trading for $75.86 a share today. Again, it’s another story of rapid growth. Analysts expect the company to post 45% higher earnings in 2014.
Lastly, rather than being bummed about missing Alibaba, check out Chinese online media company SINA. Analysts have an 18-month price target of $66 a share on the stock. That’s a big-time upside of 47% from the stock’s current price of $44.90. Sina is expected to have a down year, with earnings forecasted off 28% in 2014. But earnings are seen taking off in 2015, jumping 91%, says S&P Capital IQ.
So if you missed Alibaba at $68, that’s a shame. But you can perhaps do better.
Below are the seven Chinese stocks trading on U.S. exchanges that have at least 5 analysts and the most potential upside to the price targets:
Company

What the NFL has to gain from taking domestic violence seriouslyBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 19 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced Sept. 19 that the NFL plans to work with experts and the player's union to improve the the sport’s personal conduct policy in response to recent issues plaguing the league. (Reuters)
The unfolding debate over how the National Football League handles domestic violence involving its players, spurred by the disastrous approach to an incident in which former Baltimore Ravens player Ray Rice knocked his then-fianceé, Janay Palmer, unconscious in a casino elevator, has raised any number of important issues. Are NFL players in particular need of interventions to prevent domestic violence? What are the appropriate penalties for the employers of high-profile athletes to hand down in domestic violence cases, even when charges are not filed or a player is acquitted?
I am all for debating these issues, but I wonder if the conversation might benefit from something of a change in framework. Rather than thinking of domestic violence policy as something the NFL should be forced to improve against its interests, we should talk instead about what the NFL and its players have to gain from a serious program of domestic violence prevention.
It is true that NFL players are arrested at a lower rate than men of the same ages in the general population, and that the number of arrests of NFL players is falling. But a sharp-eyed analysis earlier this year from Benjamin Morris at FiveThirtyEight  pointed out that the lower arrest rate overall does not mean that the league does not have a domestic violence problem.
“Domestic violence accounts for 48 percent of arrests for violent crimes among NFL players, compared to our estimated 21 percent nationally,” Morris wrote. “Moreover, relative to the income level (top 1 percent) and poverty rate (0 percent) of NFL players, the domestic violence arrest rate is downright extraordinary.”
And as Justin Peters wrote at Slate in 2012 in response to the murder-suicide of the Kansas City Chiefs’ Jovan Belcher , who killed his girlfriend and then himself, there is an academic literature that suggests athletes are less likely to be convicted when they are arrested for crimes of sexual assault and domestic violence.
“In 1995, Maryann Hudson at the Los Angeles Times found that athletes charged with domestic violence were only convicted 36 percent of the time, compared with a 77 percent general conviction rate,” Peters wrote. “In a 2010 Harvard Law Review article, Bethany Withers wrote that ‘conviction rates for athletes are astonishingly low compared to the arrest statistics. Though there is evidence that the responsiveness of police and prosecution to sexual assault complaints involving athletes is favorable, there is an off-setting pro-athlete bias on the part of juries.’”
Whatever the arrest and conviction rates for players are, the NFL would still have an interest in continuing to reduce its’ players rates of domestic violence, if only to avoid losing them to suspensions, jail time, and the dreaded specter of “distractions.”
But those figures are what they are. The news coverage of NFL domestic violence incidents mean that huge audiences see spectacles like the Baltimore Ravens trying to make Janay Rice an equal party to an incident in which she was knocked unconscious. And conviction rates mean that the NFL risks acting as a high-profile argument that pursuing a criminal case against an abuser, particularly a rich and powerful one, is futile. The NFL could help itself as an institution, its players and its fans by stepping up.
There have been plenty of specific suggestions for how the NFL might try to make amends. Thursday Night Football has been dedicating pre-game segments to domestic violence issues. Writing in the New Republic , Jonathan Cohn argued that the league should start spending serious money on things like housing for families trying to leave violent situations and research that could shed more light on the causes and impacts of domestic violence. “This wouldn’t be charity,” he wrote. “This would be restitution.”
But Esta Soler, the president of Futures Without Violence, argues that even if the NFL wants to do outreach work, the league would need to bolster its own credibility to speak about domestic violence before trying to speak with any sort of authority on the subject.
Soler first began talking with the NFL when Deana Garner, the director of player security for the league, reached out to her last year. Soler met with Commissioner Roger Goodell and worked with the league on Goodell’s statement in which he admitted to misstepping in handing out only a two-game suspension to Rice for his attack on Janay Palmer.
“It’s important that the house is in order before you make public statements to the fans. You need to get your house in order so you have the authenticity to say we are taking this very, very seriously, we want you to take it very seriously as well,” she argued.”You cannot do a quick campaign here. This is something very deep and you need the full force of the leadership to embrace it and to take public stands in the stadium…First, do the workforce training, then engage young fans in having healthy relationships, and your final thing is the public statements to the fans. ”
If the NFL wants to reduce domestic violence among its players, punitive options aren’t the only solution, like the system of suspensions Goodell laid out in August . In his remarks then, Goodell suggested improving rookie orientation and outreach to players’ partners. Those both seem like good places to start.
In thinking about counseling, the NFL might consider implementing something like the Danger Assessment index developed by Johns Hopkins University School of Nursing professor Jacquelyn Campbell, which measures whether abusive relationships are at risk of escalating into homicide. And the league might think about how to support players like Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback William Gay, whose mother was killed by her abusive ex-boyfriend when Gay was seven.
Domestic violence is not just something the NFL should respond to because failing to do so has earned the league a lot of bad publicity , or because advertisers have started making noises about distancing themselves from the sport. Advocates and survivors are not the NFL’s enemies. Everyone can be on the same team, if the league is willing to start playing from that perspective.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Larry Ellison: Billionaire with the shiniest toysLarry Ellison: The billionaire Silicon Valley exec with the shiniest toys
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 19, 2014: 2:07 PM ET
 
Say Aloha to Larry Ellison's Hawaiian island
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Larry Ellison, the top-paid CEO and fifth-richest person in the world, now has a bit more time to live his extraordinarily glamorous life.
It's not exactly a retirement for the 70-year old Oracle ( ORCL , Tech30 ) founder. He stepped down as Oracle's CEO but became the company's chairman and chief technology officer.
But in his new, reduced role at the company, Ellison might be given an opportunity to enjoy his riches.
Ellison is worth $51 billion, according to Forbes. He is a licensed pilot and owns several airplanes. He has an impressive car collection too.
When (if) Ellison eventually leaves Oracle, he'll have his choice of where to retire to.
In 2012, he bought about 98% of Lana'I , Hawaii's sixth largest island. The 140-square-mile land mass includes two luxury resorts, two golf courses and two club houses. He bought an airline that flies to Lanai'l, and he turned the island into a kind of sustainable tech laboratory.
Lanai'l
His Woodside, Calif., house is modeled after a Japanese emperor's, and he has a massive collection of Japanese and samurai art. He owns dozens of other homes in California and a small village in Kyoto.
Related: Larry Ellison stepping down as Oracle CEO
But Ellison's biggest and best-known hobby is yachting. In 2010, he sold Rising Sun, his mammoth 453-foot yacht, to Hollywood mogul David Geffen. It's the 10th-largest yacht in the world, according to Boat International .
Ellison now owns the 288-foot Musashi, just the 50th-largest yacht in the world. The yacht, named after a samurai warrior, includes a basketball court (and a boat that follows his yacht to pick up wayward balls that have fallen into the ocean).
Musashi, behind an Oracle Team USA yacht.
He also runs America's Cup's Oracle Team USA, which won the boating tournament last year. But the victory was controversial -- Ellison's team was fined $250,000 by an international jury for making illegal modifications to its 2012 yacht.
Ellison has been married four times, and he currently dates Nikita Kahn, a Ukranian actress.
It's fair to say Ellison enjoys life. But he did not amass such wealth by chance.
Related: Oracle shareholders say 'no' to Larry Ellison's pay
He is known as a technological genius, helping to create the first relational database. The technology was the first to match one group of information (say, a list of names) with another (Social Security numbers). In 1977, Ellison and his partners began selling the software, which they called the Oracle Database. Five years later, they renamed their company "Oracle" after their software.
Since then, Oracle has become one of the biggest providers of corporate software in the world. At Oracle's helm, Ellison has been known for his brash, outspoken persona and his cutthroat business strategy.
Ellison isn't shy about publicly shaming rivals. He rubbed salt in Hewlett-Packard's ( HPQ , Tech30 ) wound by hiring its unceremoniously ousted CEO Mark Hurd (now Oracle's co-CEO). In a very public spat, Oracle sued Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ) for patent infringement over its Android software. And he famously said Apple's ( AAPL , Tech30 ) best days are behind it without Steve Jobs, with whom Ellison was very close.
Even though most consumers don't know what Oracle does, Ellison's glamorous life and demeanor have made him into a celebrity.
First Published: September 19, 2014: 2:07 PM ET
Most Popular

Coal scam investigations: SC asks CBI to maintain status quoE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Yahoo finds way to blow Alibaba riches; sharesYahoo finds way to blow Alibaba riches
By: Matt Krantz September 19, 2014 11:54 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Yahoo (YHOO) might be celebrating its $8.3 billion windfall from selling Alibaba shares. Here’s the problem: It could have made $11.3 billion.
By selling 121.7 million of its shares in the initial public offering, Yahoo essentially left $3 billion on the table. That’s because Yahoo sold at the laughably low initial offering price of $68 a share, rather than the true value: Friday’s opening price of roughly $93.
This is a big deal for Yahoo, which needs as much cash as possible to keep its competitiveness in a fast-changing Internet world. The amount of money Yahoo left on the table is greater than the $2.7 billion the company reported in cash and short-term equivalents as of June 30.
Compare Yahoo with Japanese investor Softbank, the largest outside holder of shares. Softbank didn’t sell any of its shares in the IPO.
Shares of Yahoo are down $1.81, or 4.3%, to $40.28 in trading Friday.
If there’s a bright side in all this, it’s that Yahoo didn’t unload all its shares. Yahoo is still holding 401.8 million shares of Alibaba. Those shares are worth $37.7 billion at the opening price, which is nearly equal to the $40.9 billion value of Yahoo itself.

http://usat.ly/1u7rGnzAlibaba and investors throw away $8B
By: Matt Krantz September 19, 2014 12:19 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Alibaba and investors selling in the hotly anticipated IPO left a record $8 billion in the table by pricing its shares so far below actual demand.
By selling shares at the laughable low $68 a share offering price, Alibaba and investors selling in the IPO left $8 billion on the table. That’s the biggest amount left on the table since Visa left $5.1 billion on the table in March 2008, says Jay Ritter, professor of finance at the University of Florida. Yahoo alone gave up $3 billion.
Companies are often pleased to see shares react strongly in the first day. And that’s been the case with Alibaba, as shares rise 35% to $93. But the serious downside is the money left on the table as investors and the company clearly could have made much more by selling at a higher price.
It’s just another sign of how Wall Street finds a way to win. The amount of money left on the table from Alibaba dwarfs even some of the biggest jumps during the dot-com boom. For instance, VA Linux, one of the biggest first-day gainers, left just $920 million on the table. That’s pocket change compared with Alibaba.
The U.S. IPOs that left the most money on the table:
Company
Money left on table ($ Bils)
Alibaba

Tropical storm Polo may brush reeling Cabo San Lucas this weekendBy Jason Samenow September 19 Follow @capitalweather
Tropical storm Polo (NOAA)
Less than a week after a devastating blow from its strongest hurricane on record , the southern Baja Peninsula of Mexico may feel the effects of a second tropical weather system this weekend. Tropical storm Polo is expected to pass to its southwest, likely making its closest approach midday Saturday.
The center of the storm – with maximum sustained winds of 70 mph – is predicted to remain offshore, but its outer bands could still lash heavily-damaged Cabo San Lucas and San Jose del Cabo with rain showers and gusty winds.
Polo track forecast from National Hurricane Center. Area under tropical storm watch outlined in orange.
A tropical storm watch is in effect for the region and the National Hurricane Center cautions the watch may be upgraded to a warning. It says the region should prepare for tropical storm-force winds, 4 to 8 inches of rain, and life-threatening surf and rip currents.
Polo attained hurricane status Wednesday evening but began a slow weakening trend today, that is expected to continue. In three to four days, the storm is forecast to dissipate over the open water of the Pacific.
Although the worst of Polo is expected to remain offshore, any wind and rain is likely to disrupt the clean-up effort in this storm-ravaged region.
Hurricane Odile, with maximum sustained winds of 125 mph, raked the area Sunday night.  The sheer power of the storm is evident in a video released by  The Weather Channel, filmed by the iCyclone chase team of Josh Morgerman and Steve Crighton, which shows the destruction of a hotel lobby near Cabo San Lucas as the eyewall of the category 3 storm tore through.
Post by iCyclone .
 
The storm wrecked the local airport, although planes have continued to takeoff and land on its runways to evacuate thousands of stranded tourists from what’s normally considered a tropical paradise.
Going home to #cabo will be interesting #HurricaneODILE #@cnnbrk @CNN #prayforcabo - SJD airport shown here pic.twitter.com/gSZkSdLp56
— Blake Harrington (@BlakeHarrington) September 15, 2014
But Odile transformed the vacation hotspot into “the end of the Earth” according to CNN . Numerous media described a desperate situation with no power and running water, hotels running out of basic supplies like food and toilet paper, and looters breaking into hotels and businesses.
From CNN’s coverage:
Georgia Demet-Mangiameli says two of her sons were stranded in Cabo San Lucas after heading there for a destination wedding.
“It’s very disturbing. … In the United States, there is the Red Cross which gets people out of harm’s way instantly and there in Mexico they have just been sitting there for days since Sunday,” she said.
“The conditions are horrible. They are running out of food, water and toilet paper,” Demet-Mangiameli told CNN. “They are worried about looters.”
People carry looted goods taken from Walmart in Cabo San Lucas , Mexico, Wednesday, Sept. 17, 2014. (AP Photo/Victor R. Caivano)
ABC News reported Odile stranded up to 30,000 tourists  , although   18,000 had been flown out on commercial and military planes by Thursday when the U.S. State Department recommended American tourists leave as soon as possible.
For many of the stranded travelers, getting out of Cabo proved to be an excruciating process.
Katie Vaughan of Alexandria, Va., who had been vacationing in Cabo, reported lines just to get into the airport were two miles long in  a text message to her husband Michael Arnone.
“[T]he airport has started sending people away because it can’t handle the crowds,” she said. “People are spending hours by the side of the road or hitching rides back to town.”
A plane destroyed by Hurricane Odile sits overturned at the airport in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, Wednesday, Sept. 17, 2014. Odile blazed a trail of destruction through Mexico’s Baja California Peninsula that leveled everything from ramshackle homes to luxury hotels. Water and electricity service remained out and phone service was intermittent Thursday. Federal Electricity Commission officials said some 2,500 power poles were toppled by Odile, which struck late Sunday as a Category 3 storm. (AP Photo/Victor R. Caivano)
Vaughan reported a mob scene at the airport Thursday, with thousands of people waiting for flights on the tarmac.
Seattle-resident Natalie Barnies told local TV affiliate KING 5 News : “It was Hunger Games, meets Survivor. It was crazy.”
The Seattle Times reports some major Cabo resorts won’t re-open until at least late October due to the damage.
Jason is currently the Washington Post’s weather editor. A native Washingtonian, Jason has been a weather enthusiast since age 10.

China slaps $489 mn fine on GSK for payingbribesPrint
Reuters | London | Posted: September 20, 2014 1:39 am
China fined GlaxoSmithKline Plc a record 3 billion yuan ($489 million) on Friday for paying bribes to doctors to use its drugs, underlining the risks of doing business there while also ending a damaging chapter for the British drugmaker.
A court in the southern city of Changsha handed suspended jail sentences to Mark Reilly, the former head of GSK in China, and four other GSK executives of between two and four years, according to state news agency Xinhua.
Briton Reilly, shown on state television wearing a suit and looking tired during the trial, will be deported, a source with direct knowledge of the case said.
The verdict, handed out behind closed doors in a single-day trial, highlights how Chinese regulators are increasingly cracking down on corporate malpractice.
However, it also offers GSK a potential way forward in the fast-growing Chinese pharmaceutical market, a magnet for foreign firms who are attracted by a healthcare bill that McKinsey & Co estimates will hit $1 trillion by 2020.
“If GSK China can learn a profound lesson and carry out its business according to the rule of law, then it can once again win the trust of China’s government and people,” Xinhua said in a commentary.
The fine, equivalent to around 4 per cent of GSK’s 2013 operating profits, was less than some investors had feared. GSK will take a charge in the third quarter and pay the penalty from existing cash resources. GSK said it remained committed to China and promised to become a “model for reform in China’s healthcare industry”.
“GSK Plc has reflected deeply and learned from its mistakes, has taken steps to comprehensively rectify the issues identified at the operations of GSKCI, and must work hard to regain the trust of the Chinese people,” GSK said in a written apology.

HC dismisses plea against JusticeDattuPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 1:39 am
The Delhi High Court Friday dismissed a plea against the elevation of Supreme Court Justice H L Dattu to the position of the Chief Justice of India, stating that the plea “has no basis on facts and needless to state is founded on principle of law. “ The special bench of HC Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice Pradeep Nandrajog in its judgment also observed that courts were “not meant for retribution” and dismissed the allegations raised in the plea filed by former R&AW officer Nisha Priya Bhatia as “paranoia and delusions.” The HC had agreed to constitute a special bench, after Additional Solicitor General Sanjay Jain said the plea was “a smear campaign.”

Muthalik finds cases of love jihad in state  cites RTIinfoThe Sri Ram Sene chief at a press meet in Mumbai on Friday. (Source: Express photo)
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 1:37 am
Even as they insisted that they are not looking to make “love jihad” an election issue in Maharashtra, the Sri Ram Sene and the Hindu Janjagruti Samiti claimed Friday that at least 22 such cases were registered in Maharashtra over the past five years.
Addressing a press conference in Mumbai, Sri Ram Sene chief Pramod Muthalik called for a high-level probe by the Central government into alleged instances of “love jihad”. Citing information obtained from the Maharashtra Police through the Right to Information law, he said such cases were registered in the state between 2008 and 2013 following “complaints from the parents of women who had run away from home”.
“The number of cases may be low, but it’s because most cases are not even reported,” he said.
The Sri Ram Sene chief refused to comment on whether the BJP’s use of “love jihad” as an election plank during the Uttar Pradesh bypolls had backfired, but he targeted Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh for saying he was not aware of the term.
“It’s not correct for such a senior person to say he doesn’t know what is love jihad. He is talking without thought,” Muthalik said, promising to bring families of “victims” to the Union Home Minister’s doorstep.
“This is an organised crime. There is money coming from the Gulf and other countries to enable a gang of Muslim men trap Hindu women, marry them and then use them for crime including terror,” Muthalik said.

Nepal agrees to crack down on radio channels used by China forpropagandaHome minister Rajnath Singh with Nepal PM Sushil Koirala and Deputy PM Bamdev Gautam as an MoU is signed in Kathmandu on Friday.
Written by Vijaita Singh | Kathmandu | Posted: September 20, 2014 1:35 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 1:36 am
At a bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the SAARC Interior Ministers’ Conference in Kathmandu, India raised the issue of China using community radio channels for anti-India propaganda. A top government official said Nepal agreed to crack down on the radio channels being aired primarily in the Terai region.
Union Home minister Rajnath Singh, who held meetings with Nepal Prime Minister Sushil Koirala and the country’s home minister Bamdev Gautam, is learnt to have raised the issue with them.
“I made it clear that India does not believe in expansionist policies and we have been assured of Nepal’s assistance in containing trans-border terrorism and other border related issues,” Singh told The Indian Express.
A senior official said that Nepal had been given a detailed case study of such channels in the past, but this was the first time that India had got an assurance of a crackdown.
“We have been raising these issues for the past three-four years at various platforms but it has been discussed by a visiting Home minister for the first time. The assurance has been given at a very high level and we expect things to move soon,” a senior government official said.

No discussion on ISIS  al-Qaeda threat atSAARCPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | Kathmandu | Posted: September 20, 2014 1:32 am
Terrorism remained high on the agenda of the meeting of Home ministers of SAARC countries in Kathmandu, but there was no discussion on the threat posed by al-Qaeda and Islamic State.
India expressed concern over the planned withdrawal of NATO troops from Afgha-nistan next year and asked the eight-member SAARC group to “carefully assess the impact on the entire region”.
“Though terrorism was discussed, but no particular terrorist organisation was named. Al-Qaeda or ISIS might be a cause of concern for India, but not for other countries,” said a senior SAARC official.
Union Home minister Rajnath Singh, who attended the conference, said, “We all share a common and vital stake in peace, stability and economic development in Afghanistan. We are concer-ned by new threats of extremism, terrorism and violence being held out to South Asian countries like India, Bangl-adesh and Sri Lanka, which cannot but raise concerns.”
Singh asked the SAARC member countries to chalk out strategies to deal with terrorism which involved not only violent activities, but also economic destabilisation. India also suggested setting up a “school of good governance” to promote and share good governance practices in the member countries, while Bangladesh offered to establish a cyber crime monitoring desk in the region.
The member nations extensively discussed issues relating to combating terrorism, collective response to fight transnational organised crimes, drug abuse, cyber crimes, corruption, maritime security, piracy and human trafficking.
All the member countries, except Pakistan, were represented by their Home minister during the summit. Pakistan, however, did not send its interior minister or a delegation for the meeting and the country was represented by its ambassador to Nepal.
The Home ministers also discussed the operationalisation of SAARC Terrorism Offences Monitoring Desk (STOMD) and SAARC Drug Offences Monitoring Desk (SDOMD) located in Colombo as well as matters relating to SAARC Visa Exemption Scheme.

BPCL plans Rs 45K cr capex in fouryearsPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 1:30 am
Public sector oil marketing company Bharat Petroleum Corporation will invest around Rs 45,000 crore in refining, marketing and exploration in the next four years.
This investment would include capacity expansion at its Kochi refinery from 9.5 million tonnes to 15.5 million tonnes, which will involve an outlay of Rs 16,500 crore and expansion of the Bina refinery from 6 million tonnes per annum to 8 million tonnes per annum at a cost of Rs 2,900 crore, said BPCL chairman and managing director S Varadarajan.
A feasibility study is also underway to expand the Numaligarh refinery’s capacity from 3 mpta to 9 mtpa. This project will also include laying a crude pipeline from the east coast to the facility in Assam. It is considering an IPO for the Bina refinery — a joint venture with Oman Oil — following its expansion next year.
BPCL said that it would use an existing network pipeline to transport oil to eastern Uttar Pradesh and is looking towards entering the Bangladesh market. While this expansion will cost Rs 15,000 crore, it will be viable only if there is government support that generally extends to projects in the Northeast.
BPCL is planning to shell out $2 billion (Rs 12,000 crore) for work on blocks in Mozambique and Brazil in the coming years. “We are fully geared to meet future challenges and are confident of surpassing targets and market expectations,” Varadarajan said at a press meet here.  Oil firms are making a profit of 35 paise a litre on diesel from this week after falling global crude prices wiped away under-recoveries.

VHP steps up campaign against lovejihadPrint
Written by Aditi Raja | Vadodara | Posted: September 20, 2014 1:29 am
Ahead of the festival season, the VHP has intensified its campaign against ‘love jihad’ in Gujarat, circulating two audio tapes in Vadodara and writing to the police chief of Narmada district asking him to prohibit Muslims from entering the garba grounds during the Navratri celebrations.
The two audio tapes, circulated on WhatsApp, warn Hindus against “love jihad”, with one of them targeting a Salman Khan film for which shooting has begun. In the film titled Bajrangi Bhaijaan, scheduled for release in 2015, Khan is paired opposite Kareena Kapoor.
Both the tapes have a young girl’s voice cautioning “true Hindus” to listen to a “serious issue”. While the VHP doesn’t claim to have created the Salman Khan tape, its leaders say it was recorded last week after it was announced that Bajrangi Bhaijaan will go to the floors on November 1. A VHP member said, “The audio was created to bring awareness among Hindus that such a sinister plan is being executed by the minority community to entice young Hindu girls who get smitten by the romanticism in such movies.”
The Salman Khan tape says his film will promote “love jihad”, and that “gupt sutra (secret sources)” reveal that Kapoor is playing a Brahmin girl who falls in love with a Muslim man played by Khan. The tape says that the director has equated the relationship to Ram and Sita’s — to encourage Hindu girls to have ties with Muslim boys — and has received money from Arab countries. It also questions the use of the word ‘Bajrangi’ in the title.
The other audio tape  goes on to talk about a “Wasim Akram”, “who had been using the name Daksh Sharma to lure Hindu girls”, and claims he was caught from Najibabad. It claims that Akram had confessed to his actions being part of “love jihad”. The headquarters of this “jihad”, the tape says, is in Dhaka, and in India, in Kerala.
While police in Najibabad, in UP’s Bijnor district, denied such a case, a youth called Was-im Ahmed was held in Delhi in August 2012 for harassing a girl. He had taken on the name Daksh Sharma. Wasim was he-ld on the complaint of the brother of the girl. In March 2013, the Delhi High Court quashed the case after both parties reached a compromise.
In a related move in Narmada district, the VHP has written a letter to the SP, seeking support in “ensuring that Hindu girls celebrating Navratri do not fall prey to love jihad”. It has asked the police to prohibit Muslims “from entering the garba grounds or watching the celebrations in the periphery”. The VHP letter demanded installation of additional CCTV cameras and “increased patrolling by the Anti-Romeo squad of the Narmada police to especially check hotels” and take action on those trying to “spread love jihad”.
When contacted, Narmada Deputy SP Manoharsinh Jadeja said, “We have accepted their demand for installation of CCTVs and intensifying the checking of hotels and guest houses in the district. I cannot confirm whether we have accepted continued…

UK s superbike maker Triumph to ride India demand  aims to sell 1 500 unitsSuperbike maker Triumph brings new models to push India sales
By Chanchal Pal Chauhan , ET Bureau | 20 Sep, 2014, 01.37AM IST
Triumph launched its 1,700-cc cruiser bike Thunderbird LT in India, priced at Rs 15.75 lakh in Delhi before local taxes. This is their 13th model.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: UK-based Triumph Motorcycles, one of the world's oldest bike makers, is aiming to sell 1,500 units of its super machines in India this fiscal year, expecting the Indian market to post strong demand in the upcoming festival season. Super bikes, generally considered with engines of more than 500 cubic centimeters have been growing at a quick pace in India, with purchases at around 4,000 units in the first five months of this fiscal year already surpassing last year's total of 3,200.
Triumph entered the Indian market earlier this year and has already sold more than 800 bikes until end-August. "India is the world's fastest growing super bike market and we have ambitious plans to tap this potential," Vimal Sumbly , managing director of Triumph Motorcycles India , told ET. "It is the fastest growing market for Triumph and we aim to capture around 15 per cent of this niche segment this fiscal year when around 10,000 units are expected to be sold (in total). We are adding new products and increasing the assembly operations to cater to this rising demand."
The company on Thursday launched its 1,700-cc cruiser bike Thunderbird LT in India. The bike will be retailed at Rs 15.75 lakh in Delhi before local taxes and insurance. This is the 13th model for Triumph in India.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

http://usat.ly/1saonMgFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Everything you need to know about getting a good financial advisor
Larry Light, editor in chief of AdviceIQ, talks about the advantages of getting a financial advisor and gives advice how to find a good one.
Post to Facebook
Everything you need to know about getting a good financial advisor Larry Light, editor in chief of AdviceIQ, talks about the advantages of getting a financial advisor and gives advice how to find a good one. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1saonMg
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Everything you need to know about getting a good financial advisor
Larry Light, editor in chief of AdviceIQ, talks about the advantages of getting a financial advisor and gives advice how to find a good one.
More Videos:

Retail investors lap up Alibaba IPO; demand 10% higher than FBRetail investors lap up Alibaba IPO; demand 10% higher than FB
$5-bn India investment plan on course despite Varanasi setback: Coca-Cola$5-bn India investment plan on course despite Varanasi setback: Coca-Cola
ICRA upgrades Jet Airways  credit ratingICRA upgrades Jet Airways  credit rating
Gabriel India inducts Anjali Anand Singh as chairperson  rejigs boardGabriel India inducts Anjali Anand Singh as chairperson  rejigs board
Datawind to launch smartphone for Rs2 000Datawind to launch smartphone for Rs2 000
US ready to carry out military strikes against IS in SyriaUS ready to carry out military strikes against IS in Syria
Forex reserves near 3-mth lowForex reserves near 3-mth low
Dear princetexh1  why mumbai brokers all people connected with t...109 Followers
Dear princetexh1,
why mumbai brokers all people connected with the share market will prefer to buy infosys than Gold, since Infosys
under new management  started taking proper steps improving their performance and correcting themselves. Soon they will regain their image and sure the price will zoom to 5000 to 5500. days are not far.
1.53 AM Sep 20th

DTH  digital cable penetration to drive TV growth: ReportDTH, digital cable penetration to drive TV growth: Report
BS Reporters | New Delhi Sep 20, 2014 12:44 AM IST
A gradual acceleration in pay TV (television) penetration will drive major growth for the television sector in five years, aided by the digitisation of cable TV in India, according to the latest Confederation of Indian Industry (CII)-PricewaterhouseCoopers report on the media and entertainment sector in India. It was released here on Friday.
Pay TV refers to direct to home (DTH) and digital cable.
According to the report, TV penetration in India is 60 per cent, much lower than in developed countries where it is greater than 90 per cent. "Hence, there is considerable amount of potential to increase the number of TV households in India. Pay TV penetration among TV-owning households is expected to increase steadily in five years, driving the growth in television sector," the report said.
As of 2013, India has 129 million TV-owning households, of which 64 million are analogue cable TV subscribers and 30 million have digital cable. DTH subscribers are 35 million. This number is expected to register higher growth in five years.
According to  projections in the CII PwC report, 2017 onwards, DTH would grow to 64 million in 2018 from 56 million in 2017 while digital cable subscribers' pie would go up to 90 million from 85 million in 2017.     
Analogue cable subscribers' base is expected to crash down to about 5 million by 2018, primarily led by cable TV digitisation plans of the government of India.  Driven by digitisation, the number of digital cable subscribers is expected to rise, resulting into steep fall in the analogue cable households. In the next five years, digital cable subscribers are expected to grow at CAGR of 25 per cent to reach about 90 million in 2018, the report noted. DTH subscription pie is expected to witness growth of 13 per cent during the next five years.  
During the unveiling of the report here on Friday, information and broadcasting minister Prakash Javdekar said that the cable TV digitization was on track and the third phase would begin from April 2015.
"Third phase would be finished by end of 2015 and then after a gap of a month or two we will start the fourth phase of digitization in India," the minister said.
The report further added that driven by these factors and higher realization level s post digitisation, the pay TV ARPU (average revenue per user) is expected to reach about Rs 311 by 2018 which was at around Rs 182 in 2013.
According to Javdekar the ministry was also planning to digitize the archives of Doordarshan and All India Radio and six companies have already filed expression of interest regarding the same.

How the pay gap leads to the retirement savings gap(Photo from Flickr user SPD-Bundestagsfraktion used under Creative Commons license)
The pay gap between men and women narrowed last year, but not by much.
Women earned 78.2 cents for every dollar earned by men in 2013, up from 76.5 cents in 2012, according to income data released by the U.S. Census Bureau. That gap is essentially unchanged from before the recession and is slow progress from 1961, when women earned about 60 cents for every dollar.
(Census Bureau)
The pay difference has an impact beyond the workplace. Financial advisers and analysts say the gap is one of the main reasons  women are drastically behind men when it comes to retirement savings. As I previously reported, figures from the Employee Benefit Research Institute show that women have an average of $81,700 saved in their individual retirement accounts, compared to the average $139,467 saved by men. And that was despite the fact that women contributed just as often to their retirement accounts as men did. (And no, it’s not because they’re spending all of their money on shoes.)
“With women earning less, that equates to a lesser ability to save,” says  Catherine Collinson, president of the Transamerica Center for Retirement Studies, a nonprofit that focuses on improving retirement security.
Indeed, a survey conducted earlier this year by the Transamerica Center for Retirement Studies found that women were more likely to say their top financial priorities were paying off debt and covering basic living expenses. More men said their top financial concern was paying for retirement.
That difference may help explain why women save less than men do: They contributed an average 10.8 percent of their pay to retirement accounts in 2014, compared to 11.4 percent for men. (Even socking away the same share wouldn’t do it. Women would have to put away a much larger share of their income to make up for the 22 percent gap in pay.)
At least part of the gap in retirement savings can be explained by differences in the type of jobs women land when compared to men, Collinson says. Because women are more likely to work part time, she says, they are also less likely to have access to a workplace retirement savings plan or a pension.
But even women who save as much as men may find other setbacks when it comes to retirement income. The lower pay they receive throughout their careers will also lead to smaller Social Security benefits in retirement, Collinson says.
Read more:

Whats keeping Crystal City from becoming a tech hub How about a barBy Jonathan O'Connell September 19 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
Bar owner Geoff Dawson, center, is opening his first establishment in Crystal City. He’s here with co-owner Peter Bayne, right, and neighborhood venture capitalist Paul Singh, of Disruption Corp. (Photo by Jeffrey MacMillan)
Mitchell N. Schear is responsible for 20 million square feet of real estate in the Washington area, but on a recent morning, he was sitting at a sidewalk cafe near his Crystal City office in loafers, talking about how excited he was about the new neighborhood bar.
Highline, as the venue has been dubbed, will be the latest outpost of Geoff Dawson’s long string of local bars and restaurants, one that includes Bedrock Billiards, Ripple, Rocket Bar and Iron Horse Tavern.
When it opens later this year at 2010 Crystal Dr., Highline will also be the latest drop added to Schear’s Crystal City petri dish, where he is trying to grow a hub of technology companies to fill his company’s ample available office space.
Already Schear has lured  TechShop , a manufacturing workshop for creative types of all stripes, to space a few doors down. Vornado is collaborating with WeWork, the start-up incubator, on a $40 million residential-office hybrid building that will be complete next year. And he has been busily building out space for Silicon Valley types such as  Paul Singh , head of the $50 million Crystal Tech Fund .
But although Crystal City already has bars and restaurants, none had become a gathering place for the tech crowd that Schear is pushing aggressively to attract. So he got them one. As with Vornado’s advances toward TechShop, WeWork and Singh, Schear personally made the pitch.
“This wouldn’t happen if it wasn’t coming from the top down,” Schear said. “These are all brand-building deals, community-defining deals. These guys know that they have the full confidence of the company.”
There is a lot at stake for Vornado in  turning around Crystal City’s image. Vornado has almost 16 million square feet of office space in the Washington area, the lion’s share in Crystal City, and only 80 percent of it is occupied, according to a recent public filing.
Mitchell Schear of Vornado. (Photo by Astrid Riecken/TWP)
In Dawson, Vornado got a specialist in joints that cater to the neighborhoods around them. For Highline, he and co-owner Peter Bayne plan coffee, lunch, happy hours, local craft beers and cocktails, all aimed at the tech crowd and residents of Vornado’s new apartment buildings in the area.
Having opened a series of establishments in Gallery Place and Penn Quarter before they became some of the District’s most popular neighborhoods for nightlife, Dawson said he could see another boom happening along Crystal Drive.
“We think there could be a similar sea change here,” Dawson said. “But we think this will be a good business if only the people who live here come.”
Singh has become a sidekick Crystal City evangelist for Schear, investing in tech companies, bringing them to the neighborhood and wearing his company’s Disruption Corp. T-shirt everywhere.  His company’s offices — in a Vornado building nearby – feature walls you can write on, communal toys and conference space accessible through a garage door. Singh said he was planning to add a kegerator that dispensed cold coffee.
But he said the Highline would make the trip to Crystal City even more of a welcome surprise to partners and visitors.
“The first time they come we get this little groan about how far away it is,” he said. “Once you get them down here, their outlook totally changes.”
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Caps Wilson (ankle) taking recovery day-by-dayBy Alex Prewitt September 19 Follow @alex_prewitt
Tom Wilson, shown here last spring during his debut season with the Capitals, is still working his way back from ankle surgery. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
Tom Wilson finished his work early Friday morning, so after the weight lifting and the bike riding and the physical therapy, he watched his Capitals teammates wheeze through their conditioning tests and thought about returning beside them.
“You want to be out there with them,” Wilson said in his first meeting with the media since fracturing his fibula this offseason and subsequently undergoing surgery . “You don’t want to be the guy not out there. So it’s tough mentally, but I’m putting in the work off the ice and hopefully it comes around.”
It was a freak accident, Wilson had called the injury, which happened in the final moments of vacation before training ramped up. He was in Ontario with his friends and fell. The bone broke. The operation came soon after. So his father became his nurse. His mornings, normally reserved for trips to the gym, were spent on the couch. Scanning social media, he saw teammates up and about, the same teammates who texted their condolences when they heard the news.
“They were really concerned and they were all there for me, telling me that they’d get me back,” Wilson said. “Even at the gym in Toronto, guys from other teams were helping me along so it was encouraging and I had a lot of support and a great team to get me back.”
Back in Washington, finally off the crutches and out of the walking boot, Wilson said he is still working toward “100 percent” without a definitive timetable for a return. He has skated a few times but wasn’t in good enough condition to participate in the skate tests.
Last season, as a 19-year-old rookie, Wilson appeared in all 82 games with the Capitals, but mostly served as a fourth-line grinder and the team’s most frequent fighter, with minimal ice time hovering around eight minutes per game . This season, whenever he gets healthy, Wilson could be in line for a bump up the roster, particularly since Capitals brass have stressed the importance of expanding his role.
“You always want more minutes,” he said. “Everyone does. We’re all competitive guys and that’s what makes the game so great- everyone comes to camp and wants to have a spot on the team and whatever responsibility I can handle as a second year guy, I’m going to be thrilled about and I’m going to do my best.”
The key, Wilson said, as with most extensive injuries, will be ignoring the impatience sure to arrive at training camp, as his teammates surge ahead toward the regular season while he lags behind.
“Ankles are tough, there are a lot of things that need to come along so it’s kind of day-by-day and week-to-week and seeing how I feel,” he said. “If I’m not feeling 100 percent, there’s no point in rushing it. It’s a long season so I’m going to re-evaluate every day and continue to push myself and hopefully I’m back as soon as possible to help the team.
“Every day I’m going to try it out and ease into it as far as the on-ice stuff. Until I can get back 100 percent skating out there, there’s really no point in coming out here. I’d rather get my workout in on the bike and work up a sweat so that when I am skating my conditioning and stuff is there so I’m going to ease into it and hopefully I can join [Aaron Volpatti] and those guys soon.”
And whenever that time comes, there’s no way Wilson will miss out on the skate test.
“Yeah I don’t think any of the guys will let me off the hook,” he said. “But I’m looking forward. Right now it’s tough. I’d take doing that bag drill over anything. I just want to get out there right now. So I’ll be skating laps and laps and laps so it’s going to be exciting when I can get back and do that drill, that will be a good day.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Man recalls amazing recovery: I dont remember when I first woke up. I remember dreamingBy Frances Stead Sellers September 19 Follow @FrancesSSellers
Dylan Williams, who turned 23 this week, sustained a devastating head injury after being hit by a car less than two years ago. The initial prognosis was grim: Scans showed extensive damage at a cellular level and injury to the areas that control arousal and alertness.
(Family Photo)
Dylan’s mother, my friend Rebecca Hubert Williams, wrote an account of his accident – and extraordinary recovery -- earlier this week for The Washington Post. Dylan finished his senior year at Tufts University Phi Beta Kappa and received an excellence award in history.
I caught up with Dylan to find out about the response to the piece and how he is doing.
Q: What has the reaction been to the piece?
It had something like 500 Likes soon after I put it on Facebook. It feels as if everybody is reading it. And I hope if anyone takes anything from my story, it’s that you shouldn’t give up.
Q: It’s been almost two years since the accident; what are you up to now?
I am back in Boston; I was short a single credit for my degree, which is frustrating, so I am taking one class in something kind of esoteric. I needed a history class, and my adviser is really great Byzantine scholar, so I am taking a Byzantine women’s history course! I’m also working 50-55 hours a week at a firm called Susquehanna Financial Group doing stock research. I spent the summer in New York doing similar research for Jim Cramer at thestreet.com .
So many people were so good to me throughout [my recovery from] the accident. Of course the accident was terrible, but the bright side is that  lots of people were really kind to me and helpful. Besides just being nice, I saw how everyone works together in a time of tragedy.
Q: In the article, your mother describes you waking up, and writing messages before you could talk. What do you remember?
I don’t remember when I first woke up. I remember dreaming, I assume when I was in my coma. I do remember that I had dreams, like I was on another planet, or on the Texas/Mexico border. I had a bunch of dreams that there were things beeping around my head. I assume I was hearing the monitors.
And I remember bits and pieces from being at Mass General [where he spent almost three weeks]. I remember right before I was going to leave being interviewed by Dr. [Brian] Edlow who enrolled me in his research study.
I have one clear memory of waking up before sunrise one day and thinking about which way the Schuylkill River runs in Philadelphia. It might be West. I was thinking about that for what seemed like a long time. I don’t know why. My only connection is that it was a big river, and  I grew up around there. And I was obsessively thinking about which way it ran.
(Family Photo)
Q: When were you aware how badly you had been hurt?
I think I was really aware when I got transferred [from Mass General] to Spaulding [Rehabilitation Hospital]. That was the first time I remember going outside, and I was being wheeled in a gurney. I was talking to the people and being pushed and thinking, "Wow, like I’m getting pushed; it must be serious.” That was 20 days after I got hit.
Q: Is there anything now that seems different? Any things you can’t do, or hesitate to do?
I definitely have residual effects. I lose my train of thought more often than I used to. I’ll be like, “Oh what was I saying?” I have what’s called a rubral tremor in my hands. It makes my handwriting really messy. It’s really chicken scratch. But in the grand scheme of things, I could have come out much worse!
Q: You had a huge amount of support from your friends and family.
The support system was unreal. I can remember one time when all of my friends had a dance performance on a Friday night, so they said they wouldn’t be coming to the hospital, so I hung out with the nurses. The fact I can remember that one specific night when I didn’t have friends…I had friends and family who were there all the time. I definitely attribute a lot of my recovery to them.
Q: You’re enrolled in a study. What does that involve?
What Dr. Edlow and his team are trying to do is figure out is whether there’s a tool that will predict outcomes better. So much of it seems to be educated guesses.
Q: What does it make you feel about other victims of TBI [traumatic brain injury]?
Just since I was hit, I’ve had three different people who were not my immediate friends get TBIs, and two of them died. One of them got hit by a pickup truck, and a girl who went to my high school was biking across the country and got hit by a car. And she died. I went to her funeral in the summer of 2013, and it was very haunting, to see what could have been.
I think for people who have TBI, honestly, for much of the worst part, the person who is injured isn’t aware or isn’t cogent enough to realize. It’s family and close friends who bear the brunt.
And give money to TBI research; that’s what I would always want.

Alibaba s Jack Ma: My hero is Forrest GumpAlibaba's Jack Ma: My hero is Forrest Gump
By Frank Pallotta   @frankpallotta September 19, 2014: 2:28 PM ET
Jack Ma explains why Forrest Gump is his hero.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
With a record-setting IPO , Alibaba CEO Jack Ma's life really is a box of chocolates.
Just like his hero, Forrest Gump.
"Well, I got my story, my dream from America," Ma told CNBC's " Squawk on the Street " Friday morning. "A full 15 years ago when I came to America, when I visited Silicon Valley. I saw in the evening the road was full of cars, all the buildings with lights. That's the passion... The hero I had is Forrest Gump."
"Box of chocolates?!" Jim Cramer asked referring to the famous line from the film.
Yes, the same Forrest Gump played by Tom Hanks in the 1994 Academy Award winning classic.
"You know he is a fictional character, though? You did know?" CNBC's David Faber responded with a bit of a laugh.
 
Who is Jack Ma?
Yet, Ma's hero worship of Greenbow Alabama's favorite son isn't that crazy considering Ma's rags-to-riches life story is very much like Gump's.
Ma flunked tests in school, was considered crazy by many in China for thinking the Internet could be profitable (earning him the nickname "Crazy Jack Ma"), and was even rejected for a job at KFC.
On Friday alone, he made at least $867 million as his company went public. Plus he still owns more shares that put him in the billionaire category.
"I really like that guy. I've been watching that movie for about 10 times. Every time I'm frustrated, I watch the movie," Mas said about the film. "I watched the movie again telling me that no matter whatever changed, you are you."
First Published: September 19, 2014: 2:15 PM ET
Most Popular

Federal appeals court: Stop using tactical police raids for regulatory inspectionsBy Radley Balko September 19 Follow @radleybalko
On Tuesday, a three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit issued a ruling on the sort of issue you’d hope a federal appeals court would never need to rule on — whether the government should be allowed to use SWAT-style tactics to perform regulatory inspections.
At issue were a series of police raids on barbershops around the city of Orlando. The raids were basically fishing operations for drug crimes and to recruit confidential informants. All of the raided shops were black- or Hispanic-owned. The problem is that, because they were fishing expeditions, the police didn’t have enough evidence to obtain a warrant. Instead, the police asked an occupational license office to send along an inspector. Voila! These were no longer drug raids. For the purposes of the Fourth Amendment, they were now officially licensure inspections that just happened to include armored cops storming the businesses as if they were harboring an ISIS sleeper cell.
From the ruling:
It was a scene right out of a Hollywood movie. On August 21, 2010, after more than a month of planning, teams from the Orange County Sheriff’s Office descended on multiple target locations. They blocked the entrances and exits to the parking lots so no one could leave and no one could enter. With some team members dressed in ballistic vests and masks, and with guns drawn, the deputies rushed into their target destinations, handcuffed the stunned occupants — and demanded to see their barbers’ licenses . . .
We first held nineteen years ago that conducting a run-of-the-mill administrative inspection as though it is a criminal raid, when no indication exists that safety will be threatened by the inspection, violates clearly established Fourth Amendment rights. . . . We reaffirmed that principle in 2007 when we held that other deputies of the very same Orange County Sheriff’s Office who participated in a similar warrantless criminal raid under the guise of executing an administrative inspection were not entitled to qualified immunity. Today, we repeat that same message once again. We hope that the third time will be the charm.
Here’s how the raid went down at one of the shops:
Two plain clothes officers initially entered the barbershop to observe any potential violations. Five or six barbers were on duty at the time, and the shop was filled with anywhere from ten to twenty-five waiting customers. As the first day of the school year was approaching, several of the customers in the shop were children.
Shortly after the arrival of the plain-clothes officers, a “whole bunch” of police cars pulled into the shopping plaza and completely blocked off the parking lot, preventing all ingress and egress. Officers then “rushed into” Strictly Skillz “like [a] SWAT team.” Based on the plaintiffs’ collective recollection, it appears that somewhere between eight and ten officers, including narcotics agents, descended upon the barbershop, along with a [Florida Department of Business and Professional Regulation] inspector. Some of the officers donned masks and bulletproof vests and had their guns drawn. The officers immediately ordered all of the customers to exit the shop and announced that the shop was “closed down indefinitely.”
Plaintiffs [Reginald] Trammon, [Jermario] Anderson, and [Edwyn] Durant were in the barbershop when the officers stormed in. The officers directed Anderson and Durant to present their driver’s licenses for identification, and Inspector [Amanda] Fields instructed Anderson to retrieve his barbering license from his work station. Trammon and Anderson, who were in the process of cutting customers’ hair, were then immediately patted down and handcuffed with plastic zip ties. Anderson was handcuffed by a masked officer, and Trammon was restrained by two deputies who were not wearing masks. Sometime after Trammon was handcuffed, he informed the officers that he was in possession of a concealed firearm for which he had a valid concealed-weapons permit. The officers patted him down to retrieve the weapon and located the permit without incident.
[Police Cpl. Keith] Vidler, who was the supervisor on the scene, admits that he ordered deputies to detain Trammon. When Trammon argued to one of the officers that he had done nothing wrong, the officer responded, “It’s a pretty big book, I’m pretty sure I can find something in here to take you to jail for.” Durant, though told to “sit down and shut up,” was not handcuffed and was eventually permitted to leave the shop.
Shortly thereafter, [Brian] Berry, who had been behind the shop in the parking lot when the officers initially entered, walked into Strictly Skillz through the back entrance. Upon seeing that Trammon and Anderson were in handcuffs and being patted down by officers, Berry made his way to the front of the shop, identified himself as the owner, and demanded to know what was going on and why Trammon and Anderson were in handcuffs. Deputy Leslie then immediately placed Berry into metal handcuffs and patted him down. Though angry, Berry did not physically resist and complied with the officers’ instructions.
While Trammon, Anderson, and Berry were restrained, Inspector Fields and the OCSO officers conducted their “inspection” of the barbershop. OCSO officers called in the barbers’ driver’s license information to ascertain whether any of them had outstanding warrants, and Inspector Fields, for the second time in two days, checked the barbering licenses to ensure that they were still valid and current. The officers, along with Inspector Fields, then searched the premises by inspecting each of the barbers’ workstations and looking through their drawers. OCSO officers also went to the back of the shop without Inspector Fields and searched through an unlocked storage room where no barbering services were rendered.
At the conclusion of the inspection, it was determined that all of the barbers had valid licenses and that the barbershop was in compliance with all safety and sanitation rules. No criminal violations were discovered, and Berry, Anderson, and Trammon were released from their handcuffs. The entire inspection lasted approximately one hour. After the officers and Inspector Fields left, the barbershop resumed operations.
There was a series of raids like this one across Orlando during the summer of 2010. One such series of coordinated raids targeted nine barbershops and produced 37 arrests, 34 of which were for “barbering without a license,” a misdemeanor for which only three people had ever previously been arrested in the state of Florida.
But it isn’t just Orlando. We’re increasingly seeing police departments, state and federal regulatory agencies and federal police agencies use more force to police increasingly petty offenses. I documented a few other examples in a 2010 article about the Orlando raids:
New Haven recently sent a SWAT team to a local bar to investigate reports of underage drinking. Last week the Atlanta City Council agreed to pay a $1 million settlement to the customers and employees of a gay nightclub after a heavy-handed police raid in which 62 people were lined up on the floor at gunpoint, searched for drugs, and checked for outstanding warrants (and, incredibly, unpaid parking tickets). The September 2009 raid was conducted after undercover vice cops claimed to have witnessed patrons and employees openly having sex at the club. But the police never obtained a search warrant. Instead the raid was conducted as part of an alcohol inspection. There were no drug arrests, but eight employees were arrested for permit violations.
I’ve since posted about incidents in which SWAT teams were sent to raid someone suspected of credit card fraud and a woman involved in an  ongoing zoning dispute with the local government. Of course, we’ve also seen hundreds of SWAT-style raids on people in the medical marijuana business, even though they pose little threat to police or the public . There have also been SWAT raids on doctors and patients suspected of crimes involving prescription painkillers, even though, again, there’s little reason to think these suspects are dangerous. Last year, a spokesperson for the St. Louis County, Mo., police department told a local TV station that all felony warrants there are now served with SWAT teams , regardless of the crime.
So a level of force once reserved for hostage situations, bank robberies and active shooters is now being used on low-level drug offenders, people suspected of white-collar crimes, people who have unkempt property and to make sure the local bar is properly labeling its beer. Keep in mind, too, that anyone who happens to be in these homes or businesses at the time of the raid gets subjected to the same terror, fright, and abuse as the suspect or business owner.
The good news here is that the majority of the panel got this case right, coming to the rather common-sense conclusion that “a criminal raid executed under the guise of an administrative inspection is constitutionally unreasonable.” More good news: In 2009, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit came to a similar conclusion . The bad news is that this was a split decision by the three-judge panel. Moreover, at least one other federal appeals court — the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit — has ruled the other way. In 2010 , that court found that it was not unreasonable for a Virginia town to send a 50-plus-member police team — some donning face masks and camouflage and toting shotguns — to perform an “alcohol inspection” on a pool hall. (On “Ladies’ Night” to boot.)
That the federal appeals courts are split over whether it is reasonable to use SWAT-like tactics to perform regulatory inspections is a pretty good illustration of just how far police militarization has come, and just how much damage the trend has inflicted on the Fourth Amendment.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

N.Y. court authorizes service of legal documents via Facebook  when the physical address of the recipient is unknownFrom Noel B. v. Anna Maria A. (N.Y. Fam. Ct. Sept. 12, 2014):
The instant decision is with respect to this court’s determination as to substituted service, specifically service by via the Facebook social networking service.
The Petitioner filed the instant action seeking to modify the order of child support based on the alleged emancipation of the sole subject child.
The Petitioner appeared today and stated the he was unable to effect service upon the Respondent. He presented an affidavit dated July 6, 2014, in which the affiant noted that the Respondent was unknown to the occupant of the Respondent’s last known address, who is described as a tenant of one month.
The Petitioner then described under oath the other efforts he made to try and locate the Respondent to effectuate service. The Petitioner stated that he called and sent text messages to his daughter (the parties now emancipated 22 year old child) to request the Respondent’s location, but that no one answered the call or replied to his text messages and voicemail. He also called and sent a text message to his son (the subject child on the instant petition) requesting that information, but again there was no reply of any kind. He also did a search on the Google search engine, but was unable to find any location for the Respondent. The court notes that the support collection unit (“SCU”) continues to have the Respondent’s last known address on file for the Respondent, meaning that all correspondence and communication with respect to the funds she is receiving for child support are sent to that address. The court further notes that the Respondent provided that same address to the court when she sent an electronic testimony application to the court in March, 2013 in connection with a prior matter between the parties.
In describing his efforts to the court the Petitioner stated that he is aware that the Respondent maintains an active social media account with Facebook. The Petitioner’s current spouse maintains her own Facebook account, and has posted photos that have been “liked” by the Respondent as recently as July, 2014….
CPLR § 308 states in relevant part:
Personal Service upon a natural person shall be made by any of the following methods…
5. In such manner as the court, upon motion without notice, directs, if service is impracticable under paragraphs one [actual service on the person], two [service upon a person of suitable age and discretion at the residence or place of business of the person to be served], and four [affix and mail service] of this section.
The court finds that service under CPLR § 308 (1, 2 and 4) are impracticable. The Petitioner has made diligent efforts to locate the Respondent, but has been unable to obtain an address where service can be made.
However, despite the absence of a physical address, the Petitioner does have a means by which he can contact the Respondent and provide her with notice of the instant proceedings, namely the existence of an active social media account.
While this court is not aware of any published decision wherein a New York state court has authorized service of process by means of social media, other jurisdictions have allowed such service. See Whoshere, Inc. v. Orun, 2014 WL 670817 (E.D. Va.), Federal Trade Commission v. PCCare247 Inc., 2013 WL 841037 (S.D.N.Y.). The court notes that in both those matters service via Facebook was directed to be made in connection with other means of service.
Pursuant to CPLR § 308(5) the court authorizes substituted service by the following method: the Petitioner is to send a digital copy of the summons and petition to the Respondent via the Facebook account, and follow up with a mailing of those same documents to the previously used last known address. The Respondent can receive communications via social media, whereas her actual physical whereabouts are uncertain. The method detailed here by the court provides the best chance of the Respondent getting actual notice of these proceedings.
Thanks to Larry Seltzer for the pointer.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Forget the national debt. The new budget threat is climate change.By Lori Montgomery September 19 Follow @loriamontgomery
Shaun Donovan, Obama's new budget director, argues that ignoring climate change is the height of fiscal irresponsibility.
Shaun Donovan gave his first speech as White House budget director Friday, and he didn't even mention that Washington obsession of recent years, the $17.8 trillion national debt.
No, in the run-up to next week's United Nations climate summit in New York, the Obama administration is focused like a laser on a different threat to federal finances and the U.S. economy: the consequences of global warming.
"From where I sit, climate action is a must do; climate inaction is a can’t do; and climate denial scores – and I don’t mean scoring points on the board. I mean that it scores in the budget. Climate denial will cost us billions of dollars," Donovan said before a friendly crowd at the liberal Center for American Progress.
"The failure to invest in climate solutions and climate preparedness doesn’t get you membership in a Fiscal Conservatives’ Caucus – it makes you a member of the Flat Earth Society," Donovan continued. "The costs of climate change add up and ignoring the problem only makes it worse."
What is Donovan talking about? The White House has yet to do a particularly thorough job of translating the risk into cold, hard budget facts, but they've taken stab at it. So let's go to the numbers:
1) Research suggests that if warming reaches 3° Celsius above pre-industrial levels, instead of an international target of 2°, global output could suffer by roughly 0.9 percent. In the United States, that would amount to whacking GDP by roughly $150 billion a year. And as we all learned during the Great Recession, "even a small reduction in real GDP growth can dramatically reduce Federal revenue, drive up our deficits, and impact the government’s ability to serve the public," Donovan said.
2) Part of that cost would come from more extreme weather events that require federal disaster relief. As Donovan said: "Within the next 15 years, higher sea levels combined with storm surge and potential changes in hurricane activity are projected to increase the average annual cost of coastal storms along the Eastern Seaboard and the Gulf of Mexico by $7 billion, bringing the total price tag for coastal storms to $35 billion each year."
 3) Then there are wildfires of the kind currently raging in California.  According to the National Climate Assessment, released earlier this year, "climate change has made the fire season in the United States longer, and on average, more intense," Donovan said. "Funding needed for federal wildland fire management has tripled since 1999, averaging over $3 billion annually."
4) And then there's drought. Donovan: "In 2012, we experienced ... the country’s most extensive drought in more than 50 years, racking up $30 billion in damages. This year, California has been facing its third-worst drought in recorded history, with a projected cost to the State’s economy of $2.2 billion and more than 17,000 jobs."
5) Which means taxpayers are also shelling out more to farmers in crop insurance. In January, the Congressional Budget Office estimated that agricultural disaster assistance payments would cost about $900 million a year. But, "due to the severity of the drought," Donovan said, "the USDA has already spent $2.6 billion this year" — three times the CBO estimate. Meanwhile, he said, "payouts in the aftermath of the 2012 drought totaled more than $17 billion."
The White House is not just blowing smoke. The independent, nonpartisan General Accounting Office -- which exists to monitor government spending -- last year added climate change to its high-risk list, saying the effects "will result in increased fiscal exposure for the federal government in many areas," including damage to federal property and infrastructure, claims on federal insurance programs and increased disaster relief.
In the next few days, a host of administration officials are scheduled to hammer that point and to tout Obama's efforts to slow greenhouse gas emissions. The president is scheduled to attend the climate summit Tuesday with heads of state in town for a meeting of the United Nations General Assembly. For Obama, the summit is an opportunity to press toward a legacy-making climate deal during a conference set for next year in Paris.
To bolster the boss, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew on Monday will visit the Brookings Institution to argue that the nation can fight climate change and grow the economy, echoing a recent report from an international commission on climate change chaired by former Mexico president Felipe Calderon. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, Interior Secretary Sally Jewell, Environmental Protection Agency chief Gina McCarthy and Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx are scheduled to spread the message, as well.
As White House budget chief, Donovan has the potential to play an outsized role in promoting policies to save federal dollars from the ravages of climate change. The former housing secretary also has some real-world experience in what it will take: After Superstorm Sandy devastated New Jersey and New York in 2012, Obama tapped Donovan to lead a 20-agency task force focused on rebuilding.
That experience, Donovan said Friday, taught him key lessons about how to fight climate change. "First, we made sure that science was at the heart of this work," he said. "It is our job to ensure the capacity to fund and demand data and data-driven climate action. We need to make sure we know that we’re rebuilding stronger. And we need to collect the data to verify our assumptions."
Second, Donovan said, that data must "be driven into our regulations and standards to ensure that we are appropriately pricing risk." For example, he said, the Sandy task force for the first time required that rebuilding projects funded with federal relief dollars take into account future flood risks, not just historic data.
"We want to level-set every investment we make to support climate action to maximize the taxpayers’ return on investment," he said, "whether it’s money spent on clean energy, forecasting capabilities or community preparedness."
All of which raises the tantalizing possibility of a new goal as Donovan assembles the penultimate spending request of Obama's tenure next February: a climate-change plan that would save the planet and reduce the budget deficit.
 
 
 
Lori Montgomery covers U.S. economic policy and the federal budget, focusing on efforts to tame the national debt.

This picture sums up the weeks of Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Joe Biden pretty wellBy Jaime Fuller September 19 Follow @j_fuller
DNC Chair Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-FL) introduces Vice President Joseph Biden during the Democratic National Committee's Women's Leadership Forum, September 19, 2014 in Washington, DC. The Womens Leadership Forum is holding their 21st annual National Issues Conference a the Marriot Marquis Hotel. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
At today's  Democratic National Committee's Women's Leadership Forum , DNC Chair Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Vice President Joe Biden shared the stage for a moment. A Getty photographer captured this picture, which sums up how their week went pretty well, which is why we chose it as the "1,000 words" to close the week.
Context:
"How gender mattered in the rise and fall of Debbie Wasserman Schultz" -- Nia-Malika Henderson
"Joe Biden had a remarkably terrible week" -- Chris Cillizza
Vice President Joe Biden is wont to put his foot in his mouth. But this week, he really upped his game. It was not a good week for Joe Biden. (The Washington Post)
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

ISL has created a buzz inItalyDelhi Dynamos's marquee player said the time till the opening game will be crucial. (Source:PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:12 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 9:56 am
The Delhi Dynamos’ marquee player Alessandro Del Piero reckons the 20-odd days leading to their opening game of the Indian Super League (ISL) will be crucial it terms of acclimatisation and team bonding. On Friday he spoke about playing in India, his time with Juventus. Excerpts:
On the build-up to ISL
ISL is of short duration and the time from now to our opening game will be crucial, and I intend to use the time in trying to know the players, their mentality and understand what the coaching staff wants from us.
On Indian football
The ISL will be a big step, and I hope the league will help Indian football in a big way. The ISL has created a buzz in Italy too as people know that I have signed up.
On Juventu
It is tough leaving Juventus after being associated with them for such a long time. The club was an integral part of my life and I thoroughly enjoyed my association with them. I am still in contact with the players and coaches.
On Juve’s chances
The team is really good and they have already won the first match against Malmao. They are off to a great start…but they have a long road ahead of them. Let’s see what happens.
On his role in Dynamos
It is too early for me to comment on the specifics.
It is tough leaving Juventus after being associated with them for such a long time

Now  a ward officer under thescannerPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:11 am
In a fresh twist to the case, a ward officer has been named among the 16 civic officials under the scanner in the civic works e-tendering scam. Authorities earlier believed that only executive engineer and sub-engineer level officials were involved, but sources claim that the ward officer had also altered procedures in the system last year.
As per data, the ward officer had opened bids in the system only for three hours after 5.30 pm everyday between December 13 to 20. “The municipal commissioner should set up a committee to review the system in all the 24 wards. We will also file a complaint with the Economic Offences Wing, because we believe that there are more than 16 officials involved,” said opposition leader Devendra Amberkar.
A senior civic official, who has been named among the 16, on the condition of anonymity, said, “Though the probe is still on, corporators have been naming civic officials. If there is a fault in the system, then the software developer and the corporators are also equally responsible.”
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

After knee gives way  Li Na gives upcareerChina's Li Na with the Australian Open, earlier this year. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Beijing | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:10 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 10:05 am
Li Na, a two-time Grand Slam champion from China who took tennis in Asia to a new level, has retired due to recurring knee injuries. The 32-year-old Li posted a statement on social media sites on Friday, ending a week of intensifying speculation that she would announce her retirement ahead of the new WTA event at Wuhan, her home town. Li won the 2011 French Open, becoming the first player from China to win a Grand Slam singles title, and clinched the Australian Open title in January .
She hasn’t played since a third-round defeat at Wimbledon, withdrawing from the U.S. Open citing a knee injury.
“Most people in the tennis world know that my career has been marked by my troubled right knee,’’ Li said in the open letter she posted online. “After four knee surgeries and hundreds of shots injected into my knee weekly to alleviate swelling and pain, my body is begging me to stop the pounding.”
After three operations on her right knee, dating back to March 2008, Li said her most recent surgery in July was on her left knee. “After a few weeks of post-surgery recovery, I tried to go through all the necessary steps to get back on the court,’’ she said. “While I’ve come back from surgery in the past, this time it felt different.
“One of my goals was to recover as fast as I could in order to be ready for the first WTA tournament in my hometown. As hard as I tried to get back to being 100 percent, my body kept telling me that, at 32, I will not be able to compete at the top level ever again. The sport is just too competitive, too good, to not be 100 percent.”
Many firsts
Among the list of milestones she set, Li was the first Chinese player to win a WTA tour title (Guangzhou in 2004), the first to reach a Grand Slam singles quarterfinal (Wimbledon in 2006), first to break into the Top 20, first to reach a Grand Slam final (Australia in 2011) and first to win a singles major, her breakthrough win at Roland Garros.
“I’ve succeeded on the global stage in a sport that a few years ago was in its infancy in China,’’ Li said. “What I’ve accomplished for myself is beyond my wildest dreams. What I accomplished for my country is one of my most proud achievements.’’
Li rose to No. 2 in the rankings after her win in Australia in January, but dropped to No. 6 due to her injury-enforced inactivity. The Women’s Tennis Association described Li as a Chinese tennis trailblazer in a statement celebrating her 15-year professional career. “Li Na has been a fun, powerful, and wonderful player on the WTA tour and, along with her fans, I am sad to hear that continued…
I’ve succeeded on the global stage in a sport that a few years ago was in its infancy in China

Voter registration drives in city run full steam to include more youth womenPrint
Written by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:08 am
Noting the dismal participation from youth and relatively poor involvement of women in past elections, the district election officers (DEO) in the city and suburbs have been campaigning aggressively to get eligible voters to register themselves ahead of the state Assembly polls.
Recently, Shaila A, city collector, visited pockets in Wadala to meet eligible women voters and counsel them to register themselves for the upcoming state Assembly elections. While, as per census 2011, the sex ratio in the city is 832 females per 1,000 males, in the electoral roll, the disparity is greater. “In 2011, we noticed that sex ratio in the electoral roll is 778. While it has increased to 806 women per 1,000 men in the electoral roll now, more efforts are needed to reduce the gap,” Shaila said.
Shaila added that the registration of voters aged above 30 years is almost complete, but there is a huge gap in registration of youngsters and women. Currently, as per data, of the over one crore registered voters in Mumbai, 45.19 lakh are women. Swati Patil, election officer in suburbs, said that assistance has been taken from self help groups (SHG) and NGOs to reach out to women living in slums.
Bhaskar Kakar, attached with NGO Sneha, said, “We have been asking women to get themselves registered since the last few days by listing out their fundamental rights. Political party volunteers have also helped. The response is good. But in Mumbai, the disparity will continue due to huge migratory crowd. With more labourers, men are higher in number than women.”
Along with women, special efforts are also directed towards youth participation. DEO (Suburbs) Tarun Kumar Khatri said, “We have noticed that only 30 per cent of total eligible young voters are registered in the roll. The gap is specific in the age bracket of 18 to 19 years. When youngsters turn 18, their concern is more towards career and academics and less on voting.”
According to data collected from both Collectors’ offices, only 1.28 lakh in the age bracket of 18 to 19 years were registered till July 31. Maya Patole, DEO (city), said, “The projected population in 18 to 19 age group is 93,121 in the city but only 32,215 out of them are registered.”
Shaikh Aslam, coordinator for Systematic voter Education and Electoral Participation (SVEEP) in 167 constituencies, said that extra efforts are now being directed to bridge that gap. “We have roped in social groups to set up camps in different colleges. Around 25 colleges in suburbs were approached,” he said.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Railways ministry says agents abusing ticketingsystemPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:06 am
The government Friday admitted that its railway reservation system was being misused by agents and touts, which prompted it to push for online booking.
Submitting an affidavit in the Supreme Court, the Ministry of Railways said the system of booking through counters was being abused by agents and touts, and that the Comptroller and Auditor General had highlighted this in a report.
“There were reports of misuse of reservation system by unscrupulous elements, including Railway Travellers Service Agents (RTSAs). The complaints included purchase of tickets by jumping the queue, sometimes in connivance with Railways staff, blocking accommodation on the opening day of reservation by putting agents in front of the queue, blocking accommodation under fictitious names and selling it to passengers, and persuading passengers to confirm tickets through agents,” the affidavit said.
It added: “Presence of RTSAs in large numbers in the queue also gives a wrong signal to other passengers, resulting in overcrowding of reservation counters.”
Defending its decision to ban the entry of agents in the Passenger Reservation System (PRS), from where tickets can be booked through counters, the ministry said it was done following reports of the system being misused.
The ministry was responding to a petition by the Association of RTSAs, which has challenged the 2014 RTSA rules. The new rules, which came into effect from May 28, bar agents from entering the computerised reservation centre of the railways. Like everyone else, agents can book tickets only through the Internet.

LIC investment value jumps 45% in 1 year  beatsindicesPrint
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), the largest domestic institutional investor, has seen its portfolio of stocks outperform the two benchmark indices.
Written by Sandeep Singh | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:06 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 9:40 am
LIC policyholders may gear up for higher returns on their investment. The Life Insurance Corporation, the largest domestic institutional investor, has seen its portfolio of stocks outperform the two benchmark indices and even the average return generated by large-cap equity funds over the last one year as its investment value has jumped by 45 per cent.
This is despite the government reportedly pushing the insurer to subscribe to overpriced issues of state-owned entities. The government has also, at times, forced it to sell stakes in companies in order to provide stability to the rupee, when foreign investors were pulling out of the markets, leading to the rupee falling against the dollar.
As per nseinfobase.com, developed and compiled by Prime Database, LIC, as on the quarter ended June 2014, owns over 1 per cent stake in 316 listed entities and the market value of all such holdings have risen by 35 per cent in calendar 2014 and by over 45 per cent over the last one year.
While the market value of the portfolio of stocks held by LIC stood at Rs 2,84,199 crore at the end of September 2013 and Rs 3,05,558 crore at the end of December 2013, the value of the stocks jumped to Rs 4,12,165 crore as on September 12.
An LIC official told The Indian Express that since most of the surplus gets distributed among policyholders, rise in investment return will increase their returns.
“The surplus is arrived at after taking into account all the liabilities and receivables and that is passed on to the policyholders. LIC invests on behalf of its policyholders and if the investment income goes up it will result into increased returns for the policyholders,” said a senior LIC official.
While LIC and its policyholders will benefit from the upward market trend, it has been seen that while in some companies LIC has increased its holding over the last one year there are others where it has also reduced its holding.
While the Sensex return and average return generated by large-cap funds have grown by 39.6 per cent and 40.1 per cent, respectively, since September 30, 2013, the LIC portfolio has grown by 45.1 per cent, beating the index as well as a large number of mutual funds in terms of performance.
In the calendar 2014 itself the value of LIC’s portfolio has risen by 35 per cent or  Rs 1,06,606 crore.
LIC’s holding across the 316 companies shows a huge variation. While in a company such as ITC the value of its holding stood at Rs 40,806 crore, there are 52 companies where the value of its holding is less than Rs 10 crore and in almost half of the companies (154 companies) its holding is valued at less than continued…

Scotland stays  but it could be a less united UK aheadprint
Celebrations over Scotland rejecting independence by 55% to 45% on Friday were soon replaced by moves to devolve more powers not only to Scotland but also to England, Wales and Northern Ireland, and a gnawing sense that the road ahead may not be smooth.
 
As millions heaved a collective sigh of relief, leaders of the defeated Yes camp promptly reminded leaders of the three main parties – Conservative, Labour and Liberal Democrats – of their vow to give more powers to Scotland, and cautioned against any delay or return to the status quo.
Pro-Union supporters celebrate as Scottish referendum polling results are announced at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh. (AFP Photo)
 
The vow with a timetable to deliver it was made on the eve of the referendum, and had much effect on voters. However, it did not go down too well among several MPs from England, who wanted similar powers for other regions of the United Kingdom.
Read: Scottish nationalist leader Salmond quits
 
Alex Salmond, Scotland First Minister who accepted defeat on behalf of the Yes campaign, said: "The unionist parties made vows late in the campaign to devolve more powers to Scotland. Scotland will expect these to be honoured in rapid course”.
Read: Scotland votes against independence  
 
On the day after the intensely-fought referendum, moves were afoot to set in motion the process to fundamentally re-structure the ways in which the United Kingdom is governed.
However, the process is likely to be fractious, given some differences among the key parties, and also because the political focus is soon expected to shift to the May 2015 general elections.
Reflecting demands for UK-wide power reform, Prime Minister David Cameron said: “Just as the people of Scotland will have more power over their affairs, so it follows that the people of England, Wales and Northern Ireland must have a bigger say over theirs”
 
He said the vow will be honoured in full, and added: “It is absolutely right that a new and fair settlement for Scotland should be accompanied by a new and fair settlement that applies to all parts of our United Kingdom”. The Triumph of No
 
Cameron also announced that Lord Smith of Kelvin, who so led Glasgow’s Commonwealth Games, will oversee the process to take forward the devolution commitments on tax, welfare and spending by November, and draft legislation to be published by January.
 
For the process of giving similar powers to England, Wales and Northern Ireland, Cameron said he had asked William Hague, leader in the House of Commons, to draw up plans. A cabinet committee is also to be set up with proposals to the same timetable as that of Scotland.

Gloria Jean s Coffees opens 1st downtown locationGloria Jean's Coffees opens 1st downtown location
By Tribune report
Gloria Jean's Coffees opens first downtown location
Gloria Jean's jumps back into crowded downtown Chicago coffee market.
The coffee shop at Michigan Avenue and Madison Street may be new but the brand is not.
Gloria Jean’s Coffees opened at the end of August, as the chain attempts a comeback in the market where it started. Gloria Jean and Ed Kvetko opened the first Gloria Jean’s in north suburban Long Grove in 1979. The couple grew the business to more than 200 stores before selling it in 1993, according to Crain’s Chicago Business.
0
Gloria Jean’s was eventually acquired by two Australians who have grown the company into one of Australia’s leading coffee brands. But a lot has changed in the Chicago market since 1993. Starbucks seems to be on every street corner, with McDonald’s and Dunkin’ Donuts also competing to give Chicagoans their caffeine buzz.
Muddassar Alvi is Gloria Jean’s newest franchise partner in the Chicago market. His first store opened in Chicago Ridge Mall in 2012. His two locations carry on Gloria Jean’s tradition of offering flavored coffees, and they also serve coffee drinks.
Gloria Jean's Coffees has five other outlets in the Chicago suburbs.

Lefty comedians again hammer Fox Newss Sean HannityBy Erik Wemple September 19 Follow @ErikWemple
It doesn’t get a lot easier for the team of Comedy Central’s Stephen Colbert. Following the news that Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson had been indicted for allegedly striking his son with a switch, Fox News’s Sean Hannity said on his eponymous program, “I don’t want to see this guy get a felony, I don’t want to see this guy lose his job.” After all, Hannity, argued that he himself was spanked by his father with a belt — a punishment that Hannity displayed for his audience. “I got it like this,” said Hannity as he whipped his belt against the counter. “I was not mentally bruised because my father hit me with a belt,” he said, noting that he never had to see a shrink.
“I think Hannity is right on this one. Adrian Peterson went too far, but the man deserves a second chance. After all, Sean’s dad whipped him with a belt and he never had to go see a psychotherapist. He just has to have them on his show three times a week,” ripped Colbert.
These are good times for “Hannity.” Colbert’s sendup completes a Comedy Central sweep for the far-right TV and radio personality, whose remarks about Peterson earlier this week received some critical attention from Jon Stewart of “The Daily Show. ” Nothing out of the routine here: Hannity’s take on Ferguson, on Cliven Bundy and on many other topics have gotten robust pass-around on Comedy Central. When Hannity traveled to Israel to cover the summer conflict with Hamas, Colbert riffed on his propensity to say “literally” in live shots, an easy tic for a scripted comic to ridicule. In an interview with TVNewser, Hannity wasn’t impressed :
Look Stephen Colbert… I understand that people have their job to do. First of all, he’s not as funny as Jon Stewart. Stephen Colbert will have the lowest-rated late night show. There are issues that just aren’t funny. Terrorism isn’t funny. I didn’t see the bit. I won’t see it. I don’t care.
Maybe Stephen Colbert needs to come over here and get a dose of reality. He sits in the comfort of his studio, reading jokes written for him by 30 writers. So, I have a challenge for Stephen Colbert: I’ll pay for your flight. I’ll pay for your hotel, your meals. Then you sit on the border. You talk to the people. You sit across from the mother of an Israeli solider who was killed, and then make a joke about it.
Tough words there. Yet Hannity has a stronger rebuttal for his Comedy Central detractors, and it involves public documents. In April, Stewart ran a satire on Hannity’s outraged segments on the spring break scene in the Florida panhandle, specifically Panama City Beach. The treatment was hilarious and much shared on social media. Hannity and his cohort came off as moralizing and hypocritical.
And effective, too. The Erik Wemple Blog today got in touch with our contacts in Panama City Beach, and it turns out that the city council next week will consider three ordinances that stem from a review of spring break madness prompted by the Hannity segments. One would roll back the cutoff for sales of alcohol from 4 a.m. to 2 a.m. next March; another would require a government-issued ID for possession of alcoholic beverages on Sandy Gulf Beach; and a third would place restrictions on special events, at which spring breakers commonly get terribly drunk and do stupid things. The big-government dimension of these initiatives may not please the conservative Hannity, but he’s at least having an impact on local politics. Let’s see the Comedy Central guys make fun of that.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Fundraising still stalled for Darren Wilson  the Ferguson officer who shot Michael BrownBy Sarah Larimer September 19 Follow @slarimer
On Sept. 11, more than a month after Michael Brown’s death, a memorial remained in the middle of the Ferguson street where the teenager was fatally shot. (Scott Olson/Getty Images)
Weeks after suspending an online fundraising campaign for the Ferguson, Mo., police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black teenager, supporters are still trying to figure out how to use the money without violating tax laws.
A GoFundMe for Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson last accepted a donation 19 days ago. The “Support Officer Wilson” page , which is managed by the charity Shield of Hope, has raised more than $197,000 for the officer.
Jeffrey Roorda, a Missouri state representative who is helping with the fundraising efforts, told The Post on Friday that organizers are following the letter of the law.
“I don’t think [there's] any hold up,” Roorda said. “We wanted to make sure we’re doing everything according to Hoyle.”
(Here’s what that expression means . Did you already know that? If so, please disregard this.)
Shield of Hope is the charitable arm of the Fraternal Order of Police union , which makes fundraising for Wilson more complicated. It’s unclear if the charity can raise money for the officer’s legal defense fund .
“We’re not going to stop helping raise money for officer Wilson’s legal defense,” Roorda said earlier this month. “It’s a benefit of membership … and officer Wilson is no different from any other member.”
Wilson shot 18-year-old Michael Brown on a suburban St. Louis street last month . The Aug. 9 incident was followed by protests in the area , and a grand jury is now considering the case .
Roorda said people continue to send checks in the mail, but that has mostly dropped off as the investigation stretches on.
Supporters of Wilson — who has spoken with investigators and testified before the grand jury , but has not been spotted in public since his name was linked to the shooting — have also sold merchandise to support the officer.
They’ve held rallies and started Facebook groups, including this one , which has more than 75,000 members.
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

After a summer of record-breaking dinosaurs  heres one with a huge noseBy Rachel Feltman September 19 Follow @rachelfeltman
The striking profile of the Rhinorex. (Julius T. Csotonyi, NC State)
This summer was pretty earth-shattering for dinos. Paleontologists reported the biggest ever dinosaur , the biggest ever predatory dinosaur (which also probably swam and ate sharks), the largest four-winged dinosaur   and the largest flying bird (aka dinosaur).
But today we have Rhinorex condrupus, a new discovery from North Carolina State University and Brigham Young University. And this guy? This guy is the nose king. No, really, that's what "Rhinorex" means. He's sovereign of the schnozes, baron of the beaks, and prince of the proboscises.
The plant-eating dinosaur lived about 75 million years ago, nosing around swamps in what's now Utah. The dinosaurs it's closely related to usually had bony or fleshy crests coming from the top of their heads. But Rhinorex's crest was over its nose, giving it a bill-like appearance.
At 30 feet long and weighing just over 4 tons, it seems like Rhinorex's profile was its most striking attribute. The purpose of its crested nose is a mystery: "If this dinosaur is anything like its relatives then it likely did not have a super sense of smell," NC State postdoctoral researcher Terry Gates said in a statement , "but maybe the nose was used as a means of attracting mates, recognizing members of its species, or even as a large attachment for a plant-smashing beak. We are already sniffing out answers to these questions."
But whatever the purpose of Rhinorex's flamboyant nose, the dino is a good reminder: Dinosaur discoveries don't have to smash records to be fantastically weird.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

The five biggest questions for the next phase of the Kansas Senate raceRepublican Sen. Pat Roberts, left, and independent candidate Greg Orman. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)
Updated at 5:34 p.m.
The Kansas Supreme Court issued a big ruling  this week, ordering Democrat Chad Taylor off the ballot, a blow to Senate Republicans.
But the outcome of the legal tussle was only one of several big variables in the contest between Sen. Pat Roberts (R) and independent candidate Greg Orman. Here are the five biggest ones to watch the rest of the way:
1. Can Kris Kobach force Democrats to field a replacement candidate?
Secretary of State Kris Kobach (R) responded to the court's decision by demanding the state Democratic Party replace Taylor, who dropped out Sept. 3, with someone else. He agreed Friday to send out overseas and military absentee ballots without a Democratic nominee -- but with a disclaimer that a new ballot may be sent out to those voters later. It's not clear whether Kobach can force Democrats to nominate a replacement. A state party spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The question matters because without a Democrat on the ballot, the anti-Roberts vote is expected to more fully coalesce around Orman.
2. Which outside groups will enter the fray?
Kansas was not on the list of contests conservative groups like American Crossroads and Americans for Prosperity worried about defending at the beginning of the 2014 election cycle. But with Roberts looking vulnerable amid lingering worries from the primary that he has lost touch with Kansas, it's possible they will have to ride his rescue. Meanwhile, Democratic groups also have a decision to make. Orman might caucus with Democrats in the Senate, giving groups like Senate Majority PAC something to think about. Then there is the super PAC spotted by Politico that was recently started by a donor to Orman, Gregory T. Wolf. A review of Wolf's donor history shows he has given money to, among others, Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.), who consulted with Taylor before Taylor dropped out. A message left for Wolf seeking more information about his super PAC was not immediately returned.
3. How will Orman hold up in the face of attacks?
Orman has been able to fly below the radar for a few months. But Roberts's campaign recently started attacking him  on the air by tying him to President Obama. Orman has polled well against Roberts so far, but will his numbers drop after attacks from the Roberts campaign?
4. Will Roberts make any more missteps?
Roberts has shaken up his campaign staff, bringing in operatives Chris LaCivita and Corry Bliss to try to right the ship. They need to make sure Roberts doesn't make any more big blunders, like when  jokingly bragged to the New York Times about having "full access to the recliner" at the home of supporters he stays with when he is in Kansas or when he remarked that he gets home “every time I get an opponent," before quickly correcting himself. Roberts has already fueled a perception he has lost touch with the state. He can't afford stoke those concerns any more between now and Nov. 4. Another gaffe would receive a lot of attention.
5. Will the Libertarian Party candidate factor into the outcome?
Orman and Roberts are the leading candidates, but they aren't the only candidates. Libertarian Randall Batson is also on the ballot. A recent Fox News poll showed him polling at 2 percent, meaning he could make a difference in a very close race. The uncertainties are 1) Who Batson pulls support from more and 2) Whether he can grow his support.
Stay tuned.

Because Dutee has adreamPrint
Written by Shivani Naik | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:42 am
The Athletics Federation of India’s incompetence in dealing with cases of gender ambiguity was exposed with the Santhi Soundarajan episode in 2006. The case was handled so abysmally that the sprinter was driven to attempting suicide. Pinki Pramanik, another athlete accused of lying about her gender, also went through the same humiliation. With Dutee Chand, the Sports Authority of India has stepped in. But it inspires little confidence and seems to have woefully inadequate expertise to deal with the case of the talented sprinter who was found to have hyperandrogenism. It is a condition that has got her barred from international meets, since she is believed to have more than the permissible level of naturally produced testosterone in her body.
India loves celebrating medals won by women at international contests, but it is incapable of protecting its girls, their privacy and their dignity, when they fail to conform to the gender template. This failure continues even after the SAI has ostensibly extended support to Dutee Chand. Does any medical expert have the answers to a fundamental question that will determine the 18-year-old’s future: are the high testosterone levels functional (which is believed to aid performance) or non-functional (which doesn’t)?
When an anonymous coach reported Dutee to the authorities, was the entire set of tests carried out precisely, according to the stipulations laid down by the International Association of Athletics Federations? Were the standard guidelines followed before she was declared positive for hyperandrogenism? Sadly, no one in the federation or the SAI is held responsible. So, it is very optimistic to expect these same officials to step forward and ensure that Dutee, who was raised as a girl, is allowed to compete again. This is especially true when opinions are divided internationally.
Indian officials plan to knock on the doors of the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS), and take the human and civil rights tack in arguing their case. They plan to argue that her high testosterone levels cannot be called an unfair advantage, just as Usain Bolt’s height or Michael Phelps’s massive wingspan cannot be dubbed unfair. Hence, she should not be made to undergo intervention, invasive or non-invasive, in order to be allowed to compete in the female category again. The after-effects of hormonal therapy or of a surgical intervention are not fully known, though international sporting bodies have allowed athletes to return after such interventions. Four athletes went through “a partial clitoridectomy with a bilateral gonadectomy, followed by a deferred feminising vaginoplasty and estrogen replacement therapy” and returned to the track, reported the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism in June 2013.
The doctors in these cases, who have been sworn to secrecy, cannot reveal much about the aftermath of such procedures on these nameless girls. But Dutee will need to be made aware of the exact consequences of the choices she makes. At 18, it can be a lot to deal with. Dutee will need to be counselled and, more importantly, heard out, because there are a multitude of agendas continued…

Boy with themandolinExpress News Service | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:40 am
Until a nine-year-old took it on stage for the first time, the mandolin was alien to Indian musical traditions. As a child prodigy, U. Shrinivas could match the maestros in playing difficult ragas, that too on an instrument new to Carnatic music. He not only adapted the European instrument to the Carnatic tradition, but also convinced its largely conservative audience that the ragas would not lose their soul on the mandolin. The only “foreign” instrument to be wholeheartedly welcomed into the Carnatic tradition until then was the violin in the early 19th century. While the violin was introduced in Carnatic music by Baluswami Dikshitar, the brother of Muthuswami Dikshitar, one of the trinity who shaped the musical tradition, Shrinivas was a teenager with no great music legacy.
Shrinivas mastered the mandolin and peaked as a musician in his teens. Perhaps stifled by the conservatism inherent in the Carnatic tradition, in his later years he started to explore and collaborate with other musical styles. When he performed at the Berlin Jazz Festival in 1983, where he had Miles Davis for company, he was just 14. He then experimented with jazz artistes and Hindustani musicians. The music school he established in Chennai promoted “global music”. Chennai was home but the world was his stage.
In many ways, Shrinivas was representative of his generation of Carnatic musicians including N. Ravikiran, Sanjay Subrahmanyan, Bombay Jayashri and T.M. Krishna. Creative and flamboyant, they ensured that Carnatic music would not lose out on listeners. Rooted in tradition and committed to its mastery, these musicians have not been afraid of innovation. Shrinivas’s death at 45 is like an exquisite alapana left incomplete.

Programme held for transgenders to increase their awareness on legalaidPrint
Written by Dipti Singh | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:23 am
Transgenders, attending an event aimed at improving awareness of their legal rights, said that from denial of housing to criminalisation, they faced a series of hurdles compounded by the lack of legal aid.
The Ulhasnagar Taluka Legal Services Authority along with community-based organisation (CBO) Kinnar Asmita and the student social workers of the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS)  organised the awareness campaign at Shahad on Friday evening. Judges and senior lawyers from Thane and Ulhasnagar spoke on the availability of legal aid for the community.
The speakers were judges from Ulhasnagar Taluka court — P I Mokashi and H V Joshi. Others included advocate Eknath Waghole, police inspectors from Ulhasnagar police station — Dhananjtoo and Mujra Rani, called Nani and a member of Kinnar Asmita.
Members of the transgender community also spoke candidly about their day-to-day challenges stemming from lack of awareness of their rights.
“The idea of holding such a programme originated while we were doing field work at the Thane district legal services authority. We found that although transgenders are entitled to legal aid, legal awareness is very low. This programme was an attempt to bridge the gap between the community and the criminal justice system. We are very happy that so many people came and actively participated,” said Kanupriya Sharma, second year student of criminology and justice at TISS.
On April 15, 2014, a Supreme Court judgement declared transgenders as socially and economically backward class entitled to reservations in education and jobs. Recognising transgenders as a third gender, the apex court bench of justice K S Radhakrishnan and justice A N Sikri directed the Union and state governments to frame welfare schemes for them.
However, according to Kinnar Asmita and other organisations, members of the community are unaware of the legal aid they can avail. Though Maharashtra has a provision for free legal aid for all transgenders,they are largely unable to access it due to lack of awareness and hostile attitude of the criminal justice system.
Transgenders often face issues like illegal detention, denial of housing and criminalisation because of anti-beggary law and laws related to sex work.
Chandni, one of the members of the transgender community who attended the programme, said, “People of our community are often treated as objects of ridicule and aversion. However, we get used to this kind of behaviour. But I am glad to know that there are some people who are concerned about us and have offered to help us in understanding what our legal rights are as citizens of this country.”
Mujra Rani said, “Such awareness programme will help people of our community fight back legally against the injustice done to them. According to me governments should introduce various welfare schemes and public awareness campaigns which will help erase the social stigma associated with  our community.”
dipti.singh@expressindia.com

Complainants statement to be recordedagainPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:17 am
After the Bombay High Court transferred the probe into the rape case filed against former state minister and NCP leader Laxman Dhobale to the Mumbai Police Crime Branch, officers said they would again record the statement of the complainant — a 42-year-old woman.
The Borivali police had registered an FIR against Dhobale under sections 376 (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt) and 506 (intimidation) of the IP C.
“We will have to record the statement of the woman complainant again, and it will be recorded by a woman police officer. We have received the copy of the court’s order and also have the earlier registered First Information Report from Borivali Police station,” said Dhananjay Kulkarni, Deputy Commissioner of Police (Detection).
“The technical evidence is more important to the investigation, so we have asked for the same from Goregaon police station who were investigating the case. We have asked for the CCTV footage of the alleged scene of crime from the institute where she worked,” added Kulkarni. Sources said the police were looking into text messages received and sent by the complainant.
The complainant works as a clerk at an educational trust of which Dhobale is a trustee. She has alleged that Dhoble blackmailed her and raped her over a period of two years. Dhoble had allegedly threatened to circulate obscene photographs of her.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Sevilla continue from where they left last season; Everton revel onreturnStephane Mbia (left) and Grzegorz Krychowiak celebrates after scoring against Feyenoord Rotterdam. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | London | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:17 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 9:41 am
Sevilla’s love affair with the Europa League was immediately rekindled as last season’s champions and three-time winners began this year’s group stage with a 2-0 home victory over Feyenoord on Thursday.
On-loan midfielder Gerard Deulofeu’s set-pieces proved too hot to handle for Feyenoord as two of his first-half free kicks were turned home by Grzegorz Krychowiak and Stephane Mbia as a new-look Sevilla side comfortably cruised home. Europe’s second-tier competition, so often derided for lacking the sparkle of its Champions League cousin, was ushered back into action with some stand-out individual displays and a glut of goals across its opening 24 group games.
There were hat-tricks from Dinamo Zagreb’s El Arbi Hilal Soudani, PAOK Salonika captain Stefanos Athanasiadis and Steaua Bucharest’s Claudiu Keseru, whose teams all enjoyed emphatic home wins.
Ex-European champions Inter Milan and PSV Eindhoven also got off to winning starts, while Napoli, whose manager Rafa Benitez was heavily criticised after his side failed to make it through a Champions League playoff, came back from a goal down to beat Sparta Prague 3-1 at the San Paolo.
Premier League side Everton enjoyed a victorious return to the European stage after a five-year absence with a 4-1 home victory over VfL Wolfsburg, but Tottenham Hotspur were held to a drab 0-0 stalemate at Partizan Belgrade.
NUMEROUS CHANGES
There have been numerous changes at Sevilla since they beat Benfica on penalties in Turin to lift the trophy in May, with some of last season’s heroes departing for new challenges at more glamorous clubs. Yet even without the likes of midfield playmaker Ivan Rakitic, who left for Barcelona, and left back Alberto Moreno, who joined Liverpool, Sevilla looked sharp and purposeful and well worth their Group G win.
They opened the scoring after eight minutes as a devilish, inswinging free kick from Deulofeu found Krychowiak at the far post and he turned the ball into the net. It was a case of deja vu on 31 minutes when they doubled the lead as the playmaker on loan from Barcelona curled in another precise set-piece that Mbia rose to head powerfully into the net.
Among the five former European champions in this season’s Europa League group stage, Steaua Bucharest made the most eye-catching start, thrashing AaB Aalborg 6-0 in Group J with Keseru scoring three goals in 12 second-half minutes.
The two other three-goal hauls both arrived in the first half. Dinamo Zagreb’s Soudani scored with two headers and a calmly taken effort from close range in a 5-1 win over Romanians Astra. PAOK’s Athanasiadis had wrapped up his hat-trick in 28 minutes as the Greek side beat Dinamo Minsk 6-1 in Group K.
PATIENT INTER
Serie A’s Inter had to be patient in Ukraine against Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk in Group F before Danilo D’Ambrosio grabbed the only goal after 71 minutes, while PSV’s Luuk de Jong scored a first-half penalty in a 1-0 home win over Estoril continued…
Sevilla opened the scoring after eight minutes as a devilish, inswinging free kick found the far post and he turned the ball into the net

A Euro for Europe  across 13nationsUEFA President Michel Platini shows the name of London after it was chosen to host the finals of Euro 2020 during a ceremony in Geneva. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | London | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:15 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 9:49 am
UEFA president Michel Platini’s vision of a European Championship spread across the continent came to fruition on Friday as London’s Wembley Stadium was chosen to host the climax of Euro 2020 with 12 other cities joining the party.
The Wembley, rebuilt from 2003 to 2007 and venue of the 2011 and 2013 Champions League finals, will stage both semi-finals and the final of the 60th anniversary tournament dubbed a “Euro for Europe”. It will be the first time in the competition’s history when a tournament will be hosted by more than two countries.
Wembley got the nod over Munich’s Allianz Arena, the other stadium initially bidding for semi-finals and final hosting rights. The home of Bayern Munich will host a quarter-final, along with the Baku Olympic Stadium in Azerbaijan, Rome’s Olympic Stadium and the Zenit Arena in St Petersburg, Russia. Last 16 ties will take place in Copenhagen, Amsterdam, Bucharest, Dublin, Bilbao, Budapest, Brussels and Glasgow.
The vote for Wembley comes as a welcome tonic for the Football Association after its failed bids to host the 2006 and 2018 World Cup finals but FA chairman Greg Dyke denied any deal had been done with their German counterparts, the DFB.
“There is no deal,” Dyke told reporters at the ceremony in Geneva. “Other than we will not bid (to stage) Euro 2024 because it would be a waste of time because we wouldn’t get it.”
Dyke, however, hinted that England would support a German bid to host the 2024 tournament. DFB president Wolfgang Niersbach, whose federation are believed to have pulled out from trying to host final and semi-final games with an eye on a 2024 bid, said: “I am very satisfied and happy that we could convince UEFA with our bid and have in 2020, after 32 years, European championship games again in Germany.”
There was relief too for Russia, given the current conflict near its border with Ukraine. “I want to congratulate all supporters of Russian football,” Russian minister for sport Vitaly Mutko said. The choice of Rome’s Olympic Stadium for a quarter-final match, follows on from Thursday’s UEFA announcement that Milan’s San Siro would be the venue for the 2016 Champions League final. Football Federation president Carlo Tavecchio said it showed the country is making strides after years battling problems with hooliganism and crumbling stadia.
Other than we will not bid (to stage) Euro 2024 because it would be a waste of time because we wouldn’t get it

Police protection for kin of woman raped byex-ministerPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:14 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 2:18 am
The state government Friday informed the Bombay High Court (HC) that it has provided police protection to the family of the complainant who leveled allegations of rape against former state minister and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Laxman Dhobale. The HC had, on Thursday, transferred the case against Dhobale to the Mumbai Police Crime Branch.
The woman, who works as clerk at an educational trust of which Dhobale is a trustee, has alleged that she was blackmailed and sexually abused by him for about two years.
Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode were acting on a suo motu petition after the 42-year-old woman wrote a letter to the HC Chief Justice, expressing apprehension of threat to her life.
The Borivali police had registered an FIR in the case.
The bench, on Thursday, directed the state to give the woman police protection in view of her apprehension of threat. Public prosecutor Sandip Shinde Friday told the HC that the woman and her children had been given police protection. He also said that the transfer of investigation will happen on Friday.
In her letter to the chief justice, the woman said she was called by the Borivali police on several occasions for medical examination and to record her statement. However, instead of taking action against the accused, she was allegedly terrorised. She, therefore, had lost faith in the local police, said the woman.
Welcoming the crime branch probe ordered by the court into allegations of rape against him, Laxmanrao Dhoble alleged that political vendetta was behind the allegations. “It is being done with the intent of denying me an election ticket,” he said, while refusing to name the opponent. “It is a deliberate attempt to malign my image,” he further said. Claiming that he has had no interaction with the woman for four years, Dhoble asked the police to track mobile phone records to authenticate his claim. The NCP leader later told reporters he was being falsely implicated by the complainant who was facing a police investigation in a case of fraud and embezzlement.
According to the complaint, Dhobale summoned her to his cabin in his Borivali office and raped her there. He is also alleged to have threatened her that he would make public some photographs he had of her. The HC has posted the hearing in the matter for November 5.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

The top 12 governors races of 2014By Aaron Blake , Sean Sullivan and Chris Cillizza September 19 Follow @aaronblakewp Follow @WaPoSean Follow @thefix
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R) acknowledges guests during his State of the State address to a joint session of the legislature at the state Capitol on Wednesday, Jan. 22 in Madiso. (AP Photo/Andy Manis)
Okay, we'll admit it. The real ticket in the 2014 election is the battle for control of the Senate. Everyone knows it, and everything else is a subplot.
But among all the subplots, the most interesting is some very competitive governor's races. And both sides are defending plenty of territory -- including in some unexpected places.
So while the GOP is primed to gain a handful of seats in the Senate and some in the House, Democrats could very well swipe the governor's mansions in Pennsylvania, Maine and Kansas. And the GOP has a great shot to overtake Democrats in Arkansas, Connecticut and Illinois.
That's right -- Democrats winning in Kansas and Republicans winning in Connecticut and Illinois. If polls are to be believed, it's quite possible that could happen, if not likely in each case. Clearly, the national environment isn't factoring as much in these state's races.
Below, we're taking or semi-regular look at the top 12 governor's races in the country. As usual, they are ranked from most likely to flip control (No. 1) to least likely (No. 12), but all of these races are considered in-play. (Another 24 states are holding races that didn't make our list.)
To the line!
12. Arizona (Republican-controlled): We've got our matchup here now, with state Treasurer (and former Cold Stone Creamery CEO) Doug Ducey registering a pretty convincing win in a crowded GOP primary. He faces Democratic former state Board of Regents chairman Fred DuVal, and every poll shows a very tight race. But this is a tough state for Democrats. Early edge: The Ice Cream Man. (Previous ranking: N/A)
11. Georgia (R): The good news for Gov. Nathan Deal (R): He has led in the last four nonpartisan public polls of this race. The bad news: Three of them showed him leading state Sen. Jason Carter (D) by just one point. We continue to give Deal a slight edge because this is a red state, but this race got competitive early this year and has stayed that way. (Previous ranking: 12)
10. Colorado (D): How vulnerable is Gov. John Hickenlooper (D)? Depends on which poll you are looking at. A recent Quinnipiac University survey showed him down 10 points to former congressman Bob Beauprez (R). A USA Today/Suffolk poll , meanwhile, showed a neck and neck race. Either way, it's clear Hickenlooper has a real race on his hands. (Previous ranking: 9)
9. Wisconsin (R): About a month ago, the national press corps — us included — realized that businesswoman Mary Burke posed a serious threat to Gov. Scott Walker (R). Walker seems to  have regained his footing of late, however, and polling suggests he has a slight edge. Still, in an electorate as polarized as Wisconsin, this is a race for a very small piece of that electorate that remains, largely, up for grabs. (Previous ranking: 7)
8. Michigan (R): Believe it or not, there are still no debates set in this race between Gov. Rick Snyder (R) and former congressman Mark Schauer (D). It's hard to believe that will hold up in a competitive contest in one of the most populous states in the country. Suffolk shows Schauer up two, while Mitchell Research has the incumbent ahead by five. (Previous ranking: 8)
7. Florida (R): Gov. Rick Scott (R) has long been near the top of our list of the most vulnerable governors. But he moves down the line after demonstrating that he is going to be a tough out. Some polls show him leading former governor Charlie Crist (D). And money won't be an issue for the well-funded Republican. It probably didn't help Crist when the Tampa Bay Times dove into his past in a deeply reported story that surfaced some unflattering details. (Previous ranking: 3)
5. (tie) Kansas (R): Being a Republican incumbent should be enough to get you reelected in a state as conservative as Kansas. But Gov. Sam Brownback (R) is in deep trouble after tearing the GOP in the state apart thanks to a deep set of tax cuts he championed over the objections of the more centrist wing of the party. State Rep. Paul Davis (D) has been the beneficiary of all the ill will directed at Brownback and, according to most polling, is ahead right now. (Previous ranking: 10)
5. (tie) Illinois (D): This is a lot like Kansas: an incumbent with the right letter by his name but the wrong image. Gov. Pat Quinn (D) was beginning to be left for dead for a while there. This week, though, a Chicago Tribune poll showed him somehow leading Republican Bruce Rauner by 11 points, and a Democratic Governors Association poll had him up three. The Tribune poll is hard to believe; we're not sure Rauner's six-figure wine club membership knocked him down that much. But Quinn won't go quietly. (Previous ranking: 4)
4. Connecticut (D): The Constitution State isn't an obvious Republican target. But Gov. Dan Malloy (D) won the office by only 6,400 votes in 2010, and businessman Tom Foley (R) is back for a rematch. Malloy has sought to cast Foley as Connecticut's version of Mitt Romney — a plutocrat focused on feathering his own nest rather than looking out for the average person. Foley has hit Malloy mostly for the state's relatively slow economic growth. And Foley just took a six-point lead in a recent Quinnipiac University poll. (Previous ranking: 6)
3. Maine (R): Gov. Paul LePage (R), to his credit, has clung to pretty decent reelection hopes for a very long time. We thought when Rep. Mike Michaud (D-Maine) got in the race -- a solid Democratic nominee -- it was probably curtains for the gaffe-prone incumbent. But independent Eliot Cutler keeps pulling just enough of the vote to make this competitive. The question is whether Cutler supporters will eventually ditch him for Michaud, when its clear he can't win. If that happens, this might not be close anymore. (Previous ranking: 2)
2. Arkansas (D): This race has been relatively quiet. Former congressman Mike Ross was a blue chip Democratic recruit (not to mention a Blue Dog Democrat), but basically all  recent polls show him trailing former GOP congressman Asa Hutchinson -- including by nine in a recent NBC/Marist poll. Republicans have long eyed Arkansas as a top pickup opportunity. (Previous ranking: 5) 
1. Pennsylvania (R): The only question here is how much damage Gov. Tom Corbett's (R) impending loss will cause Republicans downballot. Polling has show businessman Tom Wolf (D) with a 20-plus-point lead over Corbett, who has spent the last 18 months as the nation's most endangered incumbent. (Previous ranking: 1)
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.

Aaron Blake  Sean Sullivan and Chris Cillizzaaaron blake  sean sullivan and chris cillizza
Review: Ambitious  Destiny  lacks imaginationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

GSK to pay 297m fine for Chinese bribesGSK to pay £297m fine for Chinese bribes
By Andrew Ward in London and Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dea9811e-3fd5-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China climate adviser urges emissions capChina climate adviser urges emissions cap
By Lucy Hornby in Beijing and Pilita Clark in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85c30186-eb18-11e3-9c8b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The black hole of Chinese carbon tradingThe ‘black hole’ of Chinese carbon trading
By Pilita Clark, Environment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9b0faf8-d9e1-11e3-b3e3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

French chemicals group has EU fine reducedJune 7, 2011 11:20 am
French chemicals group has EU fine reduced
By Nikki Tait in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b4bac20-90e7-11e0-acfd-00144feab49a.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mondelez and DE Master in coffee mergerLast updated: May 7, 2014 4:42 pm
Mondelez and DE Master in coffee merger
By Neil Munshi in Chicago and Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9a8e5aa-d5dd-11e3-a017-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nissan Leaf  meet chainsawNissan beauty queen’s new edge
And as engineers relish a good challenge, Schellenberg’s gaze fell upon the least likely candidate for pickup conversion, Nissan’s Leaf electric car. He tasked Moulinet with creating the sketches that, with help from their team of tinkerers, would be come the crimson conversation piece you see here.
It is known around the tech centre campus as Sparky. To build it, the Arizona team married the bodywork and mechanical bits – including the 107-horsepower electric motor and under-floor lithium-ion battery pack – of a donor Leaf with the inner bed of Nissan’s Frontier compact pickup truck. They narrowed the bed by 10in and cut down the height by 4in, and finished the floor with varnished wooden slats for a retro touch.
Nissan Sparky. (Nissan USA)
Cockpit furnishings are standard Leaf fare, but the team ditched the rear seats and enclosed the cab with sheet metal (including a power window) from a junked full-size Titan pickup. The finished product is a charmer. The Leaf’s rakish shape, as it turns out, takes to pickup duty remarkably well; Sparky comes off as a sort of 21st Century riff on the old Subaru BRAT, and that’s no bad thing.
Of course, the car’s cheeky appeal begs an obvious question: should Nissan, whose management green-lighted such oddities as the Juke, the Cube and the Murano CrossCabriolet, push Sparky into production?
Cast your vote on our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Germany to ship weapons to Iraqi KurdsGermany to ship weapons to Iraqi Kurds to fight Isis
By Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin and Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f62f06ec-30bc-11e4-9914-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Catch rising comedian Ben Kronberg tonight at the State TheatreLike Neil Hamburger and Judah Friedlander, Ben Kronberg is a comedian who can deftly make himself the joke, milking awkward pauses for laughs, delivering one-liners that resonate with some and confound others.
Comedian Ben Kronberg. (Photo courtesy of Ben Kronberg)
None of this, unfortunately, played well with the judges of the past season of NBC competition show " Last Comic Standing. " After the comedian turned to an old extended joke for his televised audition, Roseanne Barr accused him of squandering his time. When Kronberg defended himself, the exchange ended with Barr encouraging Kronberg to "Go f--- yourself."
Somehow, national humiliation was a surreal boon for the Brooklyn-based comedian's career: Other comics, he says, rallied to defend him for keeping it real (when he was accused of relying on a gimmick, he says, he replied that the show itself was a gimmick). The exposure has helped him land gigs, including a headlining show Friday at the State Theatre, and a set at next month's  Bentzen Ball festival in the District.
Kronberg, 37, says he stumbled onto comedy through music. Living in Colorado in his 20s, he began writing and performing humorous songs, he says, about "things like poop, or, parents, moms, girlfriends."
"There's this consideration of people who do songs or guitar stuff as "prop acts" or "prop comics," [so] I started writing jokes," he says. The jokes he wrote were largely one-liners,  wordplay, puns. But it won him enough attention that he performed at the Comedy Festival in Aspen, then moved to Los Angeles, then New York. Since then, he's performed on " Jimmy Kimmel Live! " and " Last Call With Carson Daly. "
Before his show, check out videos of the comedian in action.
Ben Kronberg
Performing Friday at 9 p.m. with Tyler Richardson and Sean Joyce at the State Theatre, 220 N. Washington St., Falls Church. 18 and older only. $10 in advance; $13 at the door. Get tickets here .
Get More: Comedy Central , Funny Videos , Funny TV Shows
 
Lavanya Ramanathan is a professional eater/drinker/thinker for Weekend and the Going Out Guide. University of Texas. Northwestern University. Rap fan.

Alibaba IPO crowns a two-year comebackSeptember 19, 2014 4:32 pm
How Alibaba turned itself into a different type of company
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/52a54268-3fd8-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Neil MacGregor talks to Simon SchamaNeil MacGregor talks to Simon Schama
By Simon Schama
There’s no doubting the passion and intellect Neil MacGregor brings to history. So what will he now teach us about a nation with an inescapably explosive past – Germany?
©Howard Sooley
Neil MacGregor and Simon Schama outside the British Museum
“Suppose,” I say to the director of the British Museum, as we sit in his office, “I want to write the history of Neil MacGregor in three objects. What would they be?” “Golly!” he says, “one never thinks of oneself in those terms.” The animated voice, at once posh and populist, tails off in amused reflection but only for a moment. Then, like the sport he is, he plays the game. “Yoghurt,” he says, decisively, “a pot of Danone yoghurt.”
And then the story of Neil MacGregor: where he came from, what he became, the marvels he makes for British culture, begins.
Kaiser Wilhem II’s replica of Otto I’s crown
Johann Heinrich Wilhelm Tischbein’s ‘Goethe in der römischen Campagna’, 1787
©U. Edelmann - Städel Museum - ARTOTHEK
Neil MacGregor with a wetsuit worn by an East German escapee
A poster for the 1937 exhibition ‘Der Ewige Jude’
A copy of the inscription from the gate at Buchenwald
A page from the Gutenberg Bible
Neil MacGregor and Simon Schama outside the British Museum
©Howard Sooley
Neil MacGregor at the National Gallery, 1996
©Universal Pictorial Press and Agency Ltd
Previous image
Next Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
“My parents” – both Glasgow doctors – “were of that generation completely marked by the war.” For many Britons, that meant a recoil from Europe – but not for MacGregor’s father and mother: “They were absolutely determined I should be brought up as a European.” And thus, at 10, began the Glasgow boy’s Wanderjahre – the making of the roving, endlessly curious, marvellously cosmo­politan mind Britain is lucky enough to have had presiding, successively, over two of its greatest cultural institutions: the National Gallery and the British Museum.
More
Why a house-price bubble means trouble
“I was sent to France, on my own,” to a family in Paris and Arcachon, that lovely Atlantic seaside town south of Bordeaux. There, young Neil had his epiphany with Danone yoghurt and life was never the same. “There was no such thing as yoghurt in Glasgow in the 1950s . . . salt in the porridge, yes, but not yoghurt, much less ‘yow-uhrt’ as I learnt to pronounce it.” A dreamy, happy look comes into his eyes as he intones, as if about to burst into song, “Yaourt, dessert agréable et sain.” “That was the first French phrase I learnt! I wandered happily around Paris by myself, then, back in Glasgow in 1957, I said – hopelessly pretentious as I was and wanting to be somebody else – ‘I just can’t go on without yoghurt.’ My parents took a dim view of this but realised it was their fault for having introduced me to sophistication. There was only one place I could get yoghurt and that was the Jewish delicatessen, so off I went, armed with my pocket money, and that was my first encounter with European Jews.”
There in the Glasgow deli, buying yoghurt from the white-aproned Jewish refugee, inhaling the aroma of sausage entirely unrelated to bangers, the boy MacGregor became, heart and soul, a cosmopolitan. That the shopkeepers spoke German was itself unexpectedly thrilling. “In general, in the social hierarchy of Scotland, you didn’t expect shopkeepers to be polyglot.”
. . .
The Glasgow deli – simultaneously Jewish and German, and this just 12 years after the great extermination – was the threshold of a life that would be devoted to the exploration of cultural paradox; to what MacGregor calls “the complication of history”. His own history has not been uncomplicated.
There in the Glasgow deli, buying yoghurt from a Jewish refugee, the boy MacGregor became, heart and soul, a cosmopolitan
After reading French and German at Oxford, he was set to write a thesis at the Ecole Normale Supérieure in Paris. The subject was Denis Diderot, the sceptical philosopher and playwright whose omnivorous, encyclopedic intellect and droll temper would have been a perfect match for MacGregor. Instead, he was summoned back by his father to solid professionalism in Scotland: a law degree and then, for some years, practice. It was while he was a lowly apprentice in one of the grandest Glasgow law firms that he remembers one of his young colleagues being told, as a Catholic, that while he was welcomed as an apprentice, he must never dream of making it to a partnership. (He did.)
Perhaps it was this sudden revelation of stifling narrowness that sent MacGregor, at the comparatively late age of 27, back to his true calling. While a student of art history at The Courtauld, he received the benediction of Anthony Blunt. From editing The Burlington Magazine he became, at 41, the director of the National Gallery. Over 15 years he wrought a mighty transformation, turning a slightly forbidding cathedral of art into the people’s treasure house without the slightest compromise of aesthetic or scholarly standards. He could work this wonder, as he did again at the British Museum, because in a markedly unBritish way, Neil MacGregor is unafraid to care, and care intensely. And what he cares about most is the museum as more than a lodging house of masterpieces. For MacGregor, the purpose has always been historical and anthropological, to make a place where people rethink their place in the world and rediscover, richly, just what it means to be a human.
MacGregor is about to embark on what may be his most challenging exercise yet in cultural education: a 30-part series of weekday programmes for BBC Radio 4, coupled with an exhibition at the British Museum, modelled on the phenomenally successful “History of the World in 100 Objects”. But instead of a Minoan bull-leaper or a Hawaiian feather helmet, this show will feature an Iron Cross, a Gutenberg Bible, the great Tischbein portrait of Goethe, the inscription from the gates of Buchenwald concentration camp and a wetsuit in which fugitives from the Stasi hoped to make it to freedom across the Baltic in a dinghy. For MacGregor’s subject is Germany – from nebulous, scattered, medieval beginnings, via passages of cultural glory and unparalleled brutality, all the way to the 25th anniversary of the demolition of the Berlin Wall and the latest iteration of the protean, endlessly mutating thing that is Germany arriving at the status of the senior power in Europe.
MacGregor senses the project may be a hard sell. He says, a mite defensively – as if anticipating the tabloid headlines “Germans Occupy Bloomsbury, Don’t Mention the War” – “I’ve really no idea whether people are going to be interested. The British, on the whole, don’t travel to Germany and don’t read German literature.” But then he says he also wondered, at the time it was being planned, whether the great Shah ’Abbas Iranian exhibition of 2009 would appeal to the public. “The culture was unfamiliar and there was such a legacy of hostility.” Come, they did, however.
It is just because the public’s general knowledge of German history, such as it is, is so dominated by one immense and hideous narrative – that of the Third Reich and the Holocaust – that MacGregor wants to open minds to something broader and more complex. Those horrors he calls – provocatively – “extraordinary historical anomalies”. What he wants to present to the listener and the visitor to the exhibition is, rather, a strikingly under-determined national identity – one not, from the beginning, driving inexorably on the Autobahn to annihilation. This Germany was more often than not uncertain about what it was, where its borders, especially east and west, lay; a Germany hostile rather than hospitable to centralising power. MacGregor believes this characteristic serves Germany well in its understanding of what a federal Europe needs; when to step in and when to step back. The first section of the exhibition will, he hopes, undermine the stereotypes right away by presenting objects that speak to what he calls “the floating frontier”. The series begins in Königsberg where, right now, “there is not a single ethnic German”, and the show will include a handcart of the kind pushed by millions of women (for the men were gone) expelled from the eastern lands in 1945 and 1946. Nearly 14 million had to be somehow housed: “It was as though the entire population of Canada or Australia arrived all at once in Britain.”
©PA
Receiving the Order of Merit, March 2011
His own journey to this particular cultural destination also began in the yoghurt-and-sausage years. Hamburg in the early 1960s was the next place in the making of the historically engaged mind-expander. MacGregor was 16, on a school exchange and, like all of us in that generation, most of the Germans he had encountered were the caricatures of war movies, kitted out in SS caps, screaming “Halt!” from watchtowers. In Scotland, his parents had friends who had been prisoners of war who felt that their incarceration was, on the whole, “an honourable recollection”. But it was otherwise in France, where the bitterness and fury were implacable and intense. “There were people one met whose whole family had been deported; there I learnt what it meant to be occupied.”
. . .
Given those preoccupations, the depth of the unhealed wounds, Hamburg was astounding in its silence. “I expected them to talk about their Blitz. The city was almost completely rebuilt – there were still people living in the big old house where I stayed, who had been there since the years when people had to take in the emigrants, but they lived a separate existence on the top floor . . . But at school no one spoke about the war; nicht sprechen. It’s not as if I expected the children to ask, ‘And what did you do in the war Papa?’” – he laughs one of his endearingly self-mocking chuckles – but, “on the borderline between cowardice and courtesy”, he stayed silent for a while too.
Then one day, he realised that the German boys of his own age had no idea that the war had begun when the Reich invaded Poland. “When I did talk to them, they said it had been because Poland attacked Germany!” (More laughter.) No modern history was taught in the German schools. “This didn’t surprise me, because we didn’t do the 20th century in our schools either, so I mentioned it to the teacher and we had a remedial class on it.” MacGregor is at pains to say that this was not a one-boy educational reform project (though the rest of us might say it presaged it): “I was just puzzled.”
The puzzlement deepened in 1969 when, with Rudi Dutschke and the student revolts turning the world upside down, MacGregor understood that this was a generation which had had virtually no access to the history of its calamity and the atrocities it had inflicted on others. And he speaks of their struggles to remake their own history, grounded in truth, as an extraordinary exercise in engagement. I, too, remember Berlin in 1965, when the choices were, on one side of the wall, the oblivion of shopping on the Ku’damm thanks to Chancellor Erhard’s Wirtschaftswunder and, on the other, the fairytales told about valiant communist resistance to the Third Reich and the canonisation of its prewar leader Ernst Thälmann. But among the young, something hungry for truth was seditiously stirring. In Vienna, on the other hand, denial danced in three-four time to a Lehár waltz.
Not so in beleaguered Berlin. There, history, torn from the bed of forgetfulness, was made to be painful, conflicted and guilt-ridden, yet critically important for the possibility of a future life. “There could be no redemption,” MacGregor says. “How could there be?”
How did one type of Germany turn into the other? ‘I don’t understand it myself,’ is all MacGregor says
But in Germany, history determined how you lived. Arguably it still does. This, he believes, is sharply different from the way in which history is routinely consumed in Britain. This may be about to change as our own country goes through its own painful shape-shift but, mostly, he says, it’s about “good things done in the past”. “It’s in our architecture, our churches . . . a kind of solace,” sometimes on the verge of sentimental self-celebration. German memory, on the other hand, is dangerously, inescapably explosive. From one side of the Siegestor in Munich, the victory arch built in the 1820s, “it looks exactly like Hyde Park Corner, but on the other side it’s completely blown away”. In the very centre of Berlin, in the heart of the capital is, “a monument to ineradicable shame, the Holocaust memorial. I can’t think of any other monument like it in history, a monument to their own shame. Where in Paris is a monument to French imperialism; where in Britain a monument to our own wrongdoings?” There are, I remind him, museums of slavery and empire. “Yes but not in Whitehall,” he says.
Is he worried that his enthusiasm might tip over into vulgar boosterism for the latest edition of democratic Germany; that it will be all Goethe and no Goebbels? “Yes I was – and am.” But it would be hard to accuse MacGregor of running away from the pain and horror, any more than he feels modern Germany itself has done.
There is a huge, hideous anti-semitic poster advertising the “Der Ewige Jude” (The Eternal Jew) exhibition of 1937; and that gate inscription from Buchenwald, “Jedem das Seine” (To each his own). MacGregor’s subtle unpacking of the multiple, hideous ironies of that display is itself worth the price of admission and characteristic of his method. First, an evocation of its setting – the camp just outside Weimar, home both to Goethe and the great burgeoning of free modernism in the 1920s. Then, the physical thing itself, letters of iron assiduously repainted every year by the Nazi regime, so that inmates would have to read it every day from inside the camp parade ground. Then the swerve into unintended resistance: the lettering made in a Bauhaus font by one of its designers, implying the torturers, too, would get their just deserts. And then a succession of twists: the author of that little act of subversion, Franz Ehrlich, released in 1939, goes on to have a flourishing career under the Nazis, and in 1948 Buchenwald is recycled as a communist gulag, where a quarter of the inmates perish.
There is a point in the exhibition, he says, from which, in one direction, the visitor will be looking at the beautiful portrait of Goethe by Tischbein – with the great man, a slouch hat on his head, recumbent in the warm light of an Italian landscape, the epitome of humanely learned Germany – while the other direction takes the eye to that Buchenwald inscription. In the Buchenwald essay MacGregor himself raises the awful, essential question of how one kind of Germany turned into the other. But he doesn’t offer an answer: “I don’t understand it myself,” is all he says.
His humility is moving but, all the same, there are ways to try. The Holocaust was made possible precisely because earlier figures who had shaped German culture had dehumanised the Jews and made them objects of murderous hatred. MacGregor wants to present Luther as the father of the German language, and so he was. But what he also fathered, all the more potently for that status, was an obsessive anti-semitism which described the Jews as “full of devil’s feces which they wallow in like swine”. “If they could they would kill us all,” he raved, proposing in On the Jews and their Lies a programme to burn their synagogues and raze their houses, so as to dispose of the “poisonous envenomed worms” that they were.
Luther’s anti-semitism is not in this show. But its illuminations are no less deep for being less relentlessly grim. The Iron Cross, often taken to be the emblem of Prussian militarism, was, he reminds us, invented in a moment of reformist egalitarianism, following the traumatic defeat and humiliation by Napoleon in 1806. Its consequence was to trigger a period of reform. The Cross was iron, not of a precious metal, because it was the first decoration that could be awarded to all ranks. Sanctioned by King Friedrich Wilhelm III, it became the symbol of a new, comradely patriotism.
History in Britain, he says, ‘is mostly about good things done in the past . . . a kind of solace’
The Imperial Crown featured in the exhibition is not the original medieval crown, said to have been worn by the Holy Roman Emperor Otto I at his coronation in Rome in 962 and then reused by successive HREs all the way to the liquidation of the empire in that fateful year of 1806. That was the object MacGregor wanted for the show but was “politely” turned down by the Vienna Museum on the understandable grounds that it “doesn’t travel any more”. In an inspired move, MacGregor remembered that Kaiser Wilhelm II’s request had also been declined around 1906, causing the Hohenzollern emperor to make his own version. Showing the replica allows MacGregor to turn the story into a tale of competition for the legacy and memory of Charlemagne, not just between Austrian Habsburgs and Prussian Hohenzollerns but between the Germans and the French.
These are the sort of memory riffs, back and forth across time, which MacGregor loves and at which he is the peerless virtuoso. His eyes shine with a boyish glee when he brings off one of those complications which makes us rethink stereotypes. The damage done by mutual tribalism is very much on my mind as I talk, referendum looming, to the Glaswegian who might one day soon become a foreigner to his own country. I ask him whether Germany is a prism through which we can all think harder about what it means to give our allegiance to a national community. He does not take the bait: “I think it’s very sui generis to Germany.”
All the same, there is no doubt that he does think of the British Museum as a place with a vocation inherited from its founders like Sir Hans Sloane all the way back in the mid-18th century. Even then that mission was comparative anthropology; the liberating notion that by looking at objects from a range of cultures, separated by geography and history, one would come to understand more about the single object at hand. Sloane collected shoes, all of which had in common the universal need to protect feet but which in every other respect were radically different. “One pair of shoes is not interesting; a huge collection of them an illumination.”
The insatiable curiosity to collect and inquire into other cultures, to learn their languages and understand their traditions in their own terms, was largely pre-imperial, which, he says, makes the museum descended from Sloane “perfectly suited to a postcolonial world”. It was and is the museum which resisted the ignorant assumptions of cultural and racial superiority displayed by the proconsuls and generals of the Victorian empire. MacGregor’s dauntless belief in the humanising effect of looking at the work of others, rather than endlessly at our own reflection caught in the mirror of time, could not be more timely as the fires of wounded nationalisms burn down the house of common culture.
I ask him the question on many people’s minds: it is widely rumoured among the chattering classes that he will not stay much longer in this job. He gives no indication of departure any time soon but smiles and says, “I’ve been here a long time – 12 years.” But then we talk a bit about what kind of exhibition within our own history might have the same salutary effect of raising questions, facing hard truths through the eloquence of objects and he says right away, “Ireland.”
I can’t quite tell whether he has just thought of this or whether he has the next great project already under way. All I know, as I step out into Great Russell Street under a kindly drizzle, forgetting that, in the brightness of our voluble conversation, we only got to one of the three objects in the history of MacGregor, is that times being what they are, neither the British Museum, nor whatever is left of the house of Britain itself, can afford to do without Neil MacGregor.
‘Germany: Memories of a Nation’ runs from October 16 to January 25 2015 at the British Museum, London WC1B 3DG; britishmuseum.org . The radio programme to accompany it begins on BBC Radio 4 on September 29.
Photographs: Howard Sooley; Städtische Museen Aachen; U.Edelmann/Städel Museum/ARTOTHEK; BBC; Deutsches Historisches Museum, Berlin; Samml ung Gedenkstätte Buchenwald/Buchenwald Memorial Collection; British Library Board; Universal Pictorial Press and Agency Ltd; Getty
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Lunch with the FT: Sir John Sawers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b3c4f63e-3db1-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The union lives  but it may as well be deadLast updated: September 19, 2014 8:58 pm
The union lives on – but in its present design it may well be dead
By Janan Ganesh
The UK may have survived but the outcome is confusing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/1ee0eb08-3f3d-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Trotz: Ovechkin way more dangerous at LW.By Alex Prewitt September 19 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Photo by John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Alex Ovechkin smiled, because by now the question had become commonplace, and he knew how to deadpan the answer. Entering another season under another new coach, what has Barry Trotz asked of the Capitals star?
“He wants me to play hockey,” Ovechkin said. He paused for effect, then continued, more sincere now. “That’s the most important thing, I think. I don’t think…it’s not about my game. It’s five guys on the ice.”
Yet only one wore the captain’s “C” last season, and only one topped $9 million in annual salary, and only one attracted the massive scrutiny Ovechkin commanded as Washington missed the playoffs for the first time since 2006-07. And so, as the marriage of Trotz and Ovechkin enters its first season, the spotlight again descends upon No. 8, this time with his wing placement.
“We’ve talked and I’ve told him he’s way more dangerous on the left side,” Trotz said Friday, the first day of Capitals training camp. “I’ve heard it from you guys too. It’s really what my eyes see. But I just said, I will keep him over there. He’s better on the ride side defensively, but his talent is on the left side and so if I’m going to maximize his talent, I need to get him on the left side. Now, if he doesn’t want to adjust defensively playing the left side, then we’ll talk about maybe moving him back to the right. But at this point, in my head I have him starting on the left.”
(For more on the fancy-stats side of this debate, read colleague Neil Greenberg here. )
Earlier this summer, at the NHL draft in Philadelphia, Trotz leaned toward keeping Ovechkin on the right side , where he had spent the past two seasons under since-fired coach Adam Oates. Trotz only recently changed his tune , but added that Ovechkin’s placement, particularly through the preseason, will be fluid.
“Alex has said wherever you want me to play, left or right, he will play,” Trotz said. “And I made the decision, I think he should go there first. I think he’s one of the most dangerous players in the National Hockey League offensively, so let’s give him a chance to do that. The stuff he does on the left side, there’s no coach on the planet can teach him what he does. If he’s willing to learn, I can teach him to do the other stuff. If he’s willing to learn. And I know he’s willing to learn.”
With just one practice separating the Capitals from Sunday’s preseason opener versus Buffalo, Trotz said he has already scripted a “ghost roster” for all eight preseason games, so he knows when Ovechkin will log his minutes. That said, exactly on which line Ovechkin plays might depend on the situation, and could change by the day.
“That’s where it starts,” Trotz said. “I’m going to be honest with you, he might be doing all the good stuff and I might put him on the right because I want to get him out there more. Don’t read into that one if all of a sudden I put him on the right and you go, oh he must be mad. No, he might be playing really good but I want to get him more ice time . I trust he can play both sides.
“You get late into games, down a goal, you need one of the most gifted guys offensively in the league, get him an extra shift here or there against a third pairing once in a while, that’s not a bad way to go.”
Asked what areas of improvement Trotz tabbed for the forward who celebrated his 29th birthday earlier this week, Ovechkin again showed a self-awareness of the criticism he has received, then shifted gears into more serious territory.
“Back check?” he said, once again letting the response sink in before continuing. “Again, if you want to be good you have to work on everything. Offensive, neutral zone, defensive style. It’s going to be different system. I’m probably going to play on left side. It’s situation where you just know exactly what you have to do.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Kerala Cong chief now echoes CPM  calls for review of hike in liquortaxesPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:12 am
President of the Congress’s Kerala unit V M Sudheeran Friday joined the CPM in demanding that the party-led government should revoke the decision to impose additional taxes.
The Oommen Chandy government had hiked various taxes, including those on liquor, tobacco products, water and land, in a bid to raise more resources for the state which is facing severe cash crunch. As per the new proposals, the government envisages to mop up an additional resources of Rs 2,000 crore through new tax proposals.
The move has evoked widespread criticism, with the CPM threatening to boycott the new tax proposals. CPM’s state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan has urged party cadres not to pay the hiked amount of the taxes.
On Friday, Sudheeran embarrassed his own government by joining hands with the CPM, which has threatened to launch an agitation against the government.
The party state chief, whose adamant stand on prohibition provoked the new liquor policy, said the KPCC would study the new tax proposals. “The government should reconsider its decision to increase the tax. The KPCC would discuss the issue,’’ said Sudheeran.
Congress sources said this is the latest incident in which Sudheeran was playing the role of opposition within the ruling front. Sudheeran wants to move along with the public sentiments against the hike in tax, embarrassing his own government, they said.

Pune rally: BJP adopts Sena slogan Jai Bhavani  JaiShivajiPress Trust of India | Pune | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:09 am
The BJP virtually hijacked Shiv Sena’s slogan “Jai Bhavani, Jai Shivaji” at the workers’ rally addressed here by party president Amit Shah, indicative of a political one-upmanship in the backdrop of an ongoing tussle over seat-sharing for Maharashtra Assembly polls. State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis raised the slogan Thursday night while concluding the public meeting, a practice usually associated with public rallies of Shiv Sena. Fadnavis, during his animated speech, also kept on referring to Chhatrapati Shivaji’s historical legacy asking the party workers to emerge victorious under the leadership of PM Narendra Modi and with the blessings of the Maratha warrior king. Party president Amit Shah, who was given a ceremonial sword on the occasion, also started his speech with tributes to Shivaji saying that it was from Pune that the Maratha king gave a clarion call for freedom. Since it was not a joint rally of the allies , the slogan of “Jai Bhavani, Jai Shivaji” raised by Fadnavis even caught BJP workers by surprise, though they caught up with what appeared to be a strategy to galvanise the cadre and attract voters in an aggressive manner.     pti

Bijnor blast: Woman held for aiding five SIMI men whofledPrint
Written by Ramendra Singh | Lucknow | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:07 am
The Uttar Pradesh Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) is probing the alleged terror links of a woman, who was arrested on Thursday for reportedly assisting five suspected SIMI operatives and their associate, absconding since September 12 after a blast at one of their two rented accommodations in Bijnor.
According to ATS sources, the woman, Husna, from Umri village, was staying in Kazipada locality of Bijnor city in a rented house. While she lived on the ground floor, three of the six absconding men stayed on the first floor, sources said.
After the blast, one of the men called up Husna and told her to remove their belongings from their room, an officer claimed. Husna did as instructed. She carried the belongings to the home of one of her acquaintance and later brought them back to her place, said the officer. Police have seized the belongings of the SIMI suspects.
The ATS also examined the call detail records of the woman and found that she had been in constant touch with the three suspects. One of the officers probing the case said the three operatives and Husna had exchanged nearly 400 calls. Most of these calls were made when Husna had gone to her parents’ village in Bijnor rural, the officer said.
The ATS is also probing the role of Husna’s husband, Jauhar, who has been  in Saudi Arabia for the past five months. Police said he works there as a labourer.
The absconding six were believed to have stayed in Bijnor for more than two months. After the blast, it was revealed that five of them were alleged SIMI operatives who had escaped from Khandwa jail in Madhya Pradesh in October last year.
Husna had been a tenant in the house of Abdullah, along with her younger sister Rabiya. Police have also arrested Abdullah and his father Raees Ahmad for helping the alleged SIMI activists. One of the officers said they had also questioned Rabiya.
Additional DG (Law and Order) Mukul Goel said police are trying to locate the absconding operatives. “They may still be in Bijnor. Police teams are keeping a watch on hospitals. One of them suffered burn injuries (in the blast),” Goel said.

Sena  BJP strain to agree onnumbersShiv Sena leader Ramdas Kadam leaves Matoshree after meeting Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray Friday.
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:07 am
The Shiv Sena and the BJP Friday decided to continue their alliance for the Maharashtra Assembly elections. However, the saffron alliance remained torn over the seat-sharing formula till late night.
Sources in the BJP told The Indian Express, “We conveyed to Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray to consider a revised formula where the Sena would contest 140 seats, the BJP 130 and the remaining 18 seats would be contested by Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, Republican Party of India, Rashtriya Samaj Party and Shiv Sangram.” Thackeray, however, rejected the new BJP proposal and is trying to drive a hard bargain to bring down BJP’s numbers.
The negotiations within the saffron alliance continued late into the night. The bargain between the two sides appeared to be veering around 144 seats for Sena, 126 for BJP and 18 for the allies.
The day was marked by tension and drama as the BJP state core committee convened a meeting to discuss whether it should continue the alliance or go solo in the October 15 polls.
While party president Amit Shah and PM Narendra Modi left the decision to central BJP observor O P Mathur and state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis, it was conveyed that the BJP would like the alliance to continue. However, it was made clear that they should not to accept Sena’s offer of 119 seats out of 288.
Fadnavis said, “The Sena and BJP leaders met. Both sides have taken a decision to continue the alliance but details of the seats are under way… What is significant is that BJP and Sena should work to ensure Congress and NCP government is dislodged.”

Madhaymgram: 5 get 20 yrs in jail for doublegangrapeThe accusesd at Barasat CJM court, Friday. (Source: Express photo by Subham Dutta)
Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:06 am
Just over 11 months after they twice gangraped a 16-year-old girl, the second time when she was coming back from police station after filing a complaint about the first incident, a Barasat district court Friday sentenced five of the six accused to 20 years’ rigorous imprisonment.
One accused, who had turned approver in the case, in which the victim had later committed suicide at her village in Madhyamgram, was acquitted by Second Additional Judicial Magistrate Santanu Jha.
The double gangrape in October last year and later the victim’s death by self immolation on December 31 had triggered an outrage in the state.
The North 24-Parganas court had Thursday held the five accused —- Sanjib Talukdar alias Chottu, Palaash Debnath, Papai Roy, Rajesh Mondal and Rajib Biswas —- guilty under Sections 363 (kidnapping), 376(2)(g) (gangrape) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of IPC and the quantum of punishment was pronounced today.
The five were also fined Rs 5,000 each and in default, would have to undergo an additional year in rigorous imprisonment.
The victim, the daughter of a taxi driver from Bihar, had been kidnapped and gangraped by five local youths at Madhyamgram in North 24-Parganas district on October 25. She was again gangraped by the same youths while returning from a police station after lodging a complaint. She was also threatened by the accused who told her to withdraw the complaint or face a similar consequence again.
Her family thereafter changed their residence from Madhyamgram to a rented room at Dum Dum, near Kolkata. Even though six people were arrested in connection with the incidents, the victim’s family members alleged that a close associate of the gang leader Chottu had visited their Dum Dum residence on December 23 and threatened them with dire consequences if the girl did not withdraw her complaint.
On the same day, she was found with 65 per cent burn injuries and died on December 31. While the police had said that she had self-immolated, her family members had lodged a murder complaint, which is still under investigation.
Later, then Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar took the family back to the state and rehabilitated them there. However, the family members fought the case from Bihar.

Chavan the face of Congress adblitzPrint
Prithviraj Chavan
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:03 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 11:46 am
The Congress is set to roll out on Saturday an aggressive advertising campaign for the October 15 Assembly polls that aims to project Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan as the face of the party while taunting the opposition BJP and Shiv Sena for its inability to project a leader for the alliance.
However, while the Congress campaign seeks to exploit the current face-off between BJP and Sena over seat-sharing, its own ally NCP was quick to point out that they would fight the polls under a joint leadership if their alliance remained intact.
NCP national spokesperson Nawab Malik said that while the Congress could project Chavan as its leader, his party would have its own leadership. “If the alliance persists, elections will be fought under a joint leadership,” he said.
The BJP too dismissed the Congress campaign as a ploy to deflect attention from its “misrule”. State BJP chief spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said, “They (the Congress) say they are fighting elections under Prithviraj Chavan. But even people in Chavan’s own constituency (Karad South) refuse to acknowledge him as the leader. A Congress MLA who represents this constituency has refused to relinquish his claim on the seat. How can he then be acceptable as a leader for the state?”
The Congress, which has hired advertisement and branding agencies Crayonad and Network for the media campaign, seeks to counter 15 years of anti-incumbency through the blitz and highlight the alleged misrule of the Shiv Sena-BJP government in the state between 1995 and 1999 .
A senior Congress leader who played a key role in designing the media campaign said, “While highlighting achievements of the Congress-NCP government in Maharashtra, the media campaign will also focus on the lack of governance, rise in extortion and crime and law and order problems during the four years of the Sena-BJP rule.”
Incidentally, the Congress’s poll committee chief Narayan Rane was chief minister for nearly a year under the Sena-BJP regime.
The campaign will also attack the BJP on the Narendra Modi government’s alleged failure to deliver on its promises in the first 100 days of its rule. It will also highlight the alleged misrule and corruption in various civic bodies, including Mumbai, which are controlled by the saffron alliance.

In review meet  marks & rank for districts deptsChief Minister Mamata Banerjee, her cabinet colleagues and senior officials come out of the Town Hall after the review meeting, in Kolkata on Friday.
Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:00 am
Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee Friday played the role of a teacher while awarding marks and grades to various government departments and districts during an administrative review meeting here. In the meeting, attended by the cabinet ministers, secretaries, joint secretaries and senior police officials, Mamata also assessed the funds released and capital expenditure incurred.
The marks were given on the basis of implementation of various welfare schemes including her pet Kanyashri, distribution of pattas among landless people and scholarship among students belonging to scheduled class and scheduled tribe, provision of nutrition for poor people, providing housing for the poor, to name a few.
The Chief Minister also prepared a report card on the basis of schemes implemented according to the administrative calendar prepared by her government.
On the basis of marks garnered, Nadia district stood first, followed by Hooghly and Burdwan. The districts that cut a sorry figure include Darjeeling, South 24-Parganas, Malda, North Dinajpur and South Dinajpur, to name a few.
“The Chief Minister asked the district magistrates to pull up their socks and plunge into the job of implementing the government schemes,” an official present in the meeting told The Indian Express.
Mamata, official sources said, also allotted marks to various departments. Those who attended the meeting said that the Chief Minister ranked panchayat, rural development and public health engineering department, headed by Subrata Mukherjee, on top. However, departments such as information technology (headed by Amit Mitra), refugee rehabilitation (Manjul Krishna Thakur), co-operation (Rachpal Singh) were ranked as poor performers and were asked to improve.
Later at a media briefing, Industries Minister Amit Mitra said that during the first half of the current financial year (2014-15), the state government had released Rs 20,606.43 crore from the state plan outlay, representing a hike of 109 per cent over the corresponding period last year.
Mitra said that Mamata advised her cabinet colleagues and departmental secretaries for further improvement in the performance during the next six months of the current financial year.
Going through a comparative study of the last two financial years, Mitra said that in 2012-13, the state government recorded a growth of 34.94 per cent in releasing funds from state plan outlay along with some central projects. The growth in the capital expenditure incurred during the period was 63.55 per cent.
Similarly, in 2013-14 state recorded a growth of 38.65 per cent in releasing funds from state plan outlay while growth in the capital expenditure incurred was 43.66 per cent.

In race for CM post  says AjitPawarPrint
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:58 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 3:00 am
It’s not just the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance which is squabbling over seats and chief ministerial candidates. NCP leader and Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar Friday said he was in the race for the chief minister’s post, a day after Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan asserted that he was ready to lead the poll campaign of the ruling alliance.
While Chavan has indicated that the Congress-NCP would fight the polls under his leadership, Pawar on Thursday expressed reservations about working under Chavan if the Cong-NCP alliance is voted back to power. “I will not like to work in the team led by the CM,” he said.
Speaking to The Indian Express on Friday, Pawar said, “I believe in a democratic process where elected members of the party determine who will be their leader. Yes, I would certainly like to become the chief minister if my party takes a decision in this regard.”
Alleging a campaign to target him, he said, “I feel anguished as there has been a sustained campaign to malign my image. I know I am always a target, and this has adversely affected my image in public. But I always believe in taking bold and quick decisions which are in the larger interest of Maharashtra.”
Referring to an earlier statement by Chavan, he said, “Whether the CM’s statement on irrigation potential growing by just 0.01 percentage in 10 years was deliberate or not is a subject for debate.” Incidentally, an expert panel has said in its report that the state’s irrigation potential has increased by 5 per cent.
“After I took charge as water resources minister in 1999, I focussed on irrigation projects in backward regions of Vidarbha and Marathwada. Not a single decision was taken in violation of rules,” said Pawar.
Asked about Chavan’s delayed decision-making affecting the government’s image, Pawar said, “I think every individual has his own style of working… Since he has worked in the PMO and came to Maharashra after the Adarsh controversy, he must have decided to go through each pace of a file before taking a decision.”
Stating that the late Vilasrao Deshmukh was the best chief minister of Maharashtra after 1999, he said, “Despite political differences, he was sharp and quick in taking decisions and always ensured the interest of coalition politics, administration and party workers.”
On the NCP’s alliance with the Congress, he said, “The final decision rests with the high commands of both parties… But I have always believed we should not settle for less than 144 seats out of total 288 seats.” Stating that while he was in favour of “giving thrust to young candidates”, he added that “elective merit would also be a determining factor.”
Dismissing talk of anti-incumbency, Pawar said this would “be countered effectively by showcasing the development work of the state government in the last five years… PM Narendra Modi’s wave… is slowly waning.”

Bob Smith Motors Streamlines Car BuyingBob Smith Motors Streamlines Car Buying
EU relief at Scotland s  no  tinged with fear of nationalismEU relief at Scotland s  no  tinged with fear of nationalism
Buy Indiabulls Power  target Rs 21: Motilal OswalBuy Indiabulls Power  target Rs 21: Motilal Oswal
UK s superbike maker Triumph to ride on India demand  aims to sell 1 500 unitsUK s superbike maker Triumph to ride on India demand  aims to sell 1 500 units
MARKET SNAPSHOT: Stocks End Week Higher; Dow At RecordMARKET SNAPSHOT: Stocks End Week Higher; Dow At Record
Sureshot buy for 174-178-182Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

As it happened: Alibabas blockbuster IPORemember me on this computer
Sign in

Blackrock sells Yes Bank shares for Rs 231.27 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tonights Nationals-Marlins lineupsBy James Wagner September 18 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Jayson Werth (EPA/MICHAEL REYNOLDS)
After giving all of their regulars rest Wednesday night, the Nationals will return Thursday to the business of trying secure the best record in the National League. Gio Gonzalez will pitch in front of family and friends at Marlins Park for only the second time in his career, not far away from his  home town of Hialeah, Fla.
Adam LaRoche gets the night off as he continues to rest and receive treatment on his back. Not that the back issue he dealt with recently has flared up again but, because now that Nationals have clinched, Manager Matt Williams can afford to give the first baseman a blow. LaRoche asked Williams for an extra day to rest his back and feels that he will be fine for the rest of the way with it.
LaRoche’s back is “actually better,” Williams said. “Just want to make sure [Thursday]. He’ll be back in there [Friday].”
Nationals

Scottish referendum resultsscottish referendum results
Alibaba and investors throw away $8BAlibaba and investors throw away $8B
By: Matt Krantz September 19, 2014 12:19 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Alibaba and investors selling in the hotly anticipated IPO left a record $8 billion in the table by pricing its shares so far below actual demand.
By selling shares at the laughable low $68 a share offering price, Alibaba and investors selling in the IPO left $8 billion on the table. That’s the biggest amount left on the table since Visa left $5.1 billion on the table in March 2008, says Jay Ritter, professor of finance at the University of Florida. Yahoo alone gave up $3 billion.
Companies are often pleased to see shares react strongly in the first day. And that’s been the case with Alibaba, as shares rise 35% to $93. But the serious downside is the money left on the table as investors and the company clearly could have made much more by selling at a higher price.
It’s just another sign of how Wall Street finds a way to win. The amount of money left on the table from Alibaba dwarfs even some of the biggest jumps during the dot-com boom. For instance, VA Linux, one of the biggest first-day gainers, left just $920 million on the table. That’s pocket change compared with Alibaba.
The U.S. IPOs that left the most money on the table:
Company
Money left on table ($ Bils)
Alibaba

Sturgeon shines as loyal deputyFurther reading
As deputy, many analysts say she complements her boss. It fell to Ms Sturgeon, for example to reveal in 2012 that the Scottish government did not have legal advice on EU membership after independence, even though Mr Salmond appeared to suggest that it did. 
James Mitchell, a veteran observer of the SNP and author of The Scottish Question, says Mr Salmond has been fortunate to have a deputy who is “more than capable” of standing up to him in private, while being impeccably supportive in public.
Indeed Prof Mitchell says Ms Sturgeon might have matched Mr Salmond’s performance if she had the leading role. “I think his deputy is even more impressive than he is,” he says.
Ms Sturgeon may get a chance to demonstrate that she can lead. Mr Salmond has made clear he plans to complete his term as first minister regardless of the referendum outcome. But some long-time associates say he may let someone else lead the party into the 2016 Scottish parliament election.
Ms Sturgeon is the favourite though some analysts say she suffers one obvious failing – the lack of a “hinterland” outside politics. She is married to the SNP’s chief executive Peter Murrell and shows little sign of non-political enthusiasms.
Ms Sturgeon has admitted to a passion for Danish TV – but one of a predictably political flavour. Emails released under a freedom of information request last year showed her staff scrambling to arrange a meeting with Sidse Babett Knudsen , star of the Danish political drama Borgen.
At the subsequent public encounter, Ms Sturgeon made clear there was a nationalist edge to her affection for the hit series. “I like it because I suppose, in Denmark, it gives us a glimpse of the kind of country we might be: a small country making a big impact,” she said. 

Cyprus businessman Aristodemou arrestedLeading Cyprus businessman Aristodemou arrested for fraud
By Kerin Hope in Athens and Andreas Hadjipapas in Nicosia
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4fdf0b2e-4017-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pros weigh in: Is BABA a "buy" above $90Pros weigh in: Is BABA a 'buy' above $90?
By: Adam Shell September 19, 2014 1:18 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Jack Ma, bottom center, founder of Alibaba, watches the company’s stock pricing during its IPO at the New York Stock Exchange on Sept. 19, 2014, in New York. The stock started trading Friday under the ticker “BABA.” (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) 
The Alibaba hype is old news. So is the first trade of $92.70, which was 36% above the offering price of $68. The question now: Is Alibaba a “buy” with shares trading north of $90 per share?
Shares were trading around $90.15 around 1 p.m. ET.
Here’s what Wall Street pros are saying about the near-term — and long-term — investment prospects for the Chinese e-commerce giant ( BABA ) after the biggest U.S. IPO on record.
The bearish case:
“No, it’s definitely not a buy at $90,” says Todd Schoenberger, president of J. Streicher Asset Management. “The stock is up over 35% in its first day of trading! Main Street investors would be suckers going into it right now.”
While Schoenberger “loves” Alibaba’s growth opportunities, he says the Internet giant will have to make some smart moves to live up to investor hype in the long run.
“To live up to the hype, the company will likely have to enter into acquisition deals, which it easily could with the money it’s raising today,” he says. “With that said, the honeymoon will likely be short-lived as IPO investors will prefer to capture profits now, (rather) than focus on the long-term vision of the company.”
 The “be-careful” case:
“There are enormous risks in getting involved in a stock like this,” says Michael Farr, a money manager at Farr Miller & Washington, despite the fact that Alibaba already generates “significant profits,” making its valuation much more reasonable. By his estimates, at $93 per share, Alibaba trades at about 40 times its fiscal earnings for the year ended in March. (That compares to a P-E of 82 for social networker Facebook, according to S&P Capital IQ.)
Farr cited a few risks that add up to “red flags.” He says Alibaba operates with a “fairly opaque operating structure.” He warns that early-stage investors will look to sell shares when their “lock-up agreements expire.” The company also concentrates its corporate power in a group of just 30 partners, which raises governance issues. Lastly, there are “major questions as to the sustainability of China’s economic growth, and many believe it’s economic data cannot be trusted,” Farr says.
In hindsight, the hype surrounding Alibaba’s IPO might go down as a sign of a “market top.” He views the IPO as “more a symbol of irrational exuberance than anything else.”
The case for Alibaba as a long-term holding:
If you hold the stock for the long term, your chances of making money are better, says Alan Skrainka, chief investment officer at Cornerstone Wealth Management.
“The massive increase in the price of Alibaba’s shares from its $68 offering price makes the Chinese e-commerce’s stock valuation less attractive than it was before the rally,” Skrainka says.
“Alibaba seems to have a sustainable business model with a very bright future,”  Skrainka says. “The real question is what is the proper valuation for the company. At $68, the stock traded at 29 times forward (12-month) earnings projections. At $90, the stock trades at 38 times forward earnings. That’s a pretty full valuation for Alibaba.  Anyone buying today will likely need to hold for the long term to make money in the stock. Investing in IPOs is very risky business, and not suitable for most investors. Anyone buying the shares today should only do so in the context of a very diversified portfolio.”
 

Bill Gates pitches in for Jan Dhan YojanaBill Gates pitches in for Jan Dhan Yojana
City footballer picked for two friendly matches against AFC Challenge Cup winners PalestineIt was against Palestine in an international friendly in January last year when Sandesh was first drafted into the reserves of the Indian team.
Written by Tashi Lundup | Chandigarh | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:42 am
While the morale of the Indian football team is down having suffered an ignominious 0-5 thrashing at the hands of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) in their opening match of the Asian Games in Incheon, the Indians, looking forward to avoid another defeat against superweights Jordan, have something that will act as a balm for them. The news of selection of a few players in team for two international friendlies against Palestine will give these players the much-needed boost against Jordan in their second match on September 22.
Sandesh Jhingan is one such player who, despite struggling to perform at his optimum level in the first game against UAE, has found a place in the 20-member football squad announced by national coach Wim Koevermans.
However, his first mission is to help India avoid defeat against Jordan as a loss against them will mean the Indians could fly back home sooner than expected. Then, the focus will shift to the two back-to-back international friendlies against the AFC Challenge Cup champions to be held at the Kanchenjunga Stadium in Siliguri, West Bengal, on October 6 and 9.
Having earned his maiden cap for the Indian U-23 team last month against Pakistan, Sandesh now has the opportunity to earn his first senior cap against the Palestine team, ranked 102 in the world in the FIFA Rankings. India are currently placed 158th in the world.
“It will be wonderful to earn my senior cap in a competitive match. Hope that happens soon. I am keeping my fingers crossed,” said the defender from Chandigarh.
It was against Palestine in an international friendly in January last year when Sandesh was first drafted into the reserves of the Indian team. After that, he earned his maiden call-up to the national camp and was named in the Indian team for the AFC Challenge Cup Qualifiers.
However, a knee injury meant Sandesh could not make the opportunity count and also missed the flight to China where he was set to fly to Shanghai and undergo trials at two Chinese League One clubs which were interested in signing him.
Putting the past disappointment behind him, Sandesh has built a reputation for himself as a reliable defender and has been a constant fixture in the Indian side.
After flying back from Incheon, the squad will assemble in Goa on September 27 and practise till October 3.
Also, the two friendlies against Palestine will help Sandesh and Co get into shape before the commencement of the Indian Super League, a football tournament on the lines of IPL, from October 12. Like the other talented players from India, Sandesh will play in the tournament for Sachin Tendulkar-owned Kerala Blasters and will play their first continued…

Armed with 139 gm shoes  pink ties and mushroom drinks  DPRK makes a splashThe contingent of North Korea at the opening ceremony at Incheon Asian Games on Friday. (Source: Reuters)
Associated Press | Incheon | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:42 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 9:25 am
North Korea is making a statement on the international sports stage — a fashion statement. Standing tall in the land of K-Pop and Gangnam Style, the North’s top athletes have been looking decidedly sharper than usual at the Asian Games hosted by rival South Korea, with pink candy-striped ties, azure slacks and, of course, the accessory that pulls every good North Korean ensemble together, those bright red Kim lapel pins.
All of it, apparently, with a made-in-the-DPRK label. It’s not just the athletes, either. Dressed in the same national uniforms as their athletes and coaches, North Korea’s media contingent is hands down the best-dressed group of reporters at the Games. Though that probably isn’t saying much.
With teams from 45 countries ready to roll after the games officially open on Friday, the North’s sportswear has already created something of a buzz in Incheon. According to The China Daily, their uniforms were domestically designed and produced, instead of procured from abroad as had been the practice in the past.
“In a way, it shows that Pyongyang is going to greater lengths to revive its light industries such as clothing manufacturing to meet its policy of reviving the national economy and bringing the country back to ‘normal,’” the newspaper opined in a piece that said the North’s fashions are one of the “highlights” of the event. For sure, North Korea’s young leader, Kim Jong Un, is hoping the 230-member delegation will make a big splash. Since taking power after the death of his father in late 2011, Kim has made building up sports one of his top priorities. Some 150 athletes from the North — whose official name is the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea — will compete in 14 sports.
The team features some strong medal contenders, including three Olympic weightlifting champions, two seasoned judokas, and 21-year-old twins — Kim Hye Gyong and Kim Hye Song — who could battle for the women’s marathon gold.
The twins might have a secret weapon. According to the North’s state-run media, the Athletic Apparatus Institute of the North’s Sports Science Academy has developed a new type of marathon shoes, which weigh a mere 139 grams and have soles made of elastic materials with outer rims of “flexible and ventilative materials.”
“The new shoes, with different styles, colors and patterns, have been proven to be of help in raising marathoners’ capacity for locomotion and bettering their athletic records,” the Korean Central News Agency reported before the games began. If all else fails, there’s always the mushroom drink.
Developed by the Microbiological Research Institute of the State Academy of Sciences, the drink — made of cultivated mushroom fungus — was unveiled recently and promoted as a quick pick-me-up for athletes. “This natural drink is very effective in enhancing physical continued…
it shows that Pyongyang is going to greater lengths to revive its light industries to meet its policy of reviving the national economy

Poignant and PSYmbolicKorean rapper PSY performs during the opening ceremony of the Asian Games at Incheon. (Source: Reuters)
Written by Mihir Vasavda | Incheon | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:40 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 11:23 am
At precisely 8.51 pm local time, the clock stopped. The North Korean flag emerged from the tunnel, their athletes waving it rather hesitantly. The act is officially banned on the southern part of the Korean peninsula, so the reluctance on their part was understandable.
What followed was not what many had expected. The 60,000 South Koreans inside the Main Asiad Stadium cheered fervently for them, easily the loudest reception any team got after the hosts themselves. And with every step they took, the flag-waving got bolder. Perhaps, it was the only time that the North Koreans waving flag on southern soil was met with standing ovation.
The moment was both poignant and symbolic. The South and North are still officially at war because an armistice, rather than a peace treaty, was signed to end the Korean War in 1953. And Incheon played a leading role in that conflict because it was the site where thousands of pro-southern UN troops had pushed the North back.
The organisers stuck to Asian unity as an underlying theme instead of showboating their achievements. The serious seamlessly blended with the snazzy. As the organisers had maintained all this while, the ceremony was not used by the hosts as a platform to showcase Korea’s past and future.
There were no flying men and 3D effects that had wowed the world four years ago. The fish-eyed stadium here was an ostensibly smaller, more intimate setting compared to the grand open-air show put up by Guangzhou.
Incheon did not even attempt to match the stakes that had been raised high by China. Boy band Exo opened the evening with some foot-tapping numbers. JYJ sung to commemorate the opening while YouTube sensation Psy performed his megahit Gangnam Style to wrap up the show.
It would suffice to say that Psy stole the show. The music before was gentle, sober, and at times dull. But the moment the pop-sensation took the stage, it was loud, booming and entertaining. Spectators and athletes joined him in his signature horse-riding dance as the singer belted out an electrifying rendition of his hit number. Wearing a glittering black suit and backed by a team of glamorous dancers, the star brought the three-hour ceremony to a thumping finale, heralding the start of 15 days of competition for nearly 10,000 athletes. Even the athletes wanted a piece of Psy, crowding him once he descended from the stage, posing for selfies.
The Indian athletes trooped in after Iran with Sardar Singh leading out the smartly dressed contingent. The Indian men looked dapper in their black blazers with the women athletes dressed in blue sarees. The opening to the Games, that have so far lacked energy, has been a mixture of serious and fun.
From the pleasing cheers that greeted the arrival of DPRK continued…
From the pleasing cheers that greeted the arrival of DPRK to the theatrics of Psy, Incheon presented a no-frills ceremony

Please Dont Stop the MusicChapter 25, Saket
Written by Shantanu David | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:33 am | Updated: September 22, 2014 3:59 pm
Much as we hate to rip off a Rihanna song title for a headline, it encapsulates a night at Chapter 25. Much vaunted for its music scene, the restaurant-cum-bar-cum-performance space consists a gargantuan pillar-punctuated, wood and canvas-dominated space with the DJ console serving as the main focal and aural point. While the venue boasts regular gigs by electronic acts, the in-house DJ manages to keep the bass thumping, effortlessly enmeshing classic rock and EDM without a note out of place. Over here, the ears are catered to as much as any of the other senses. A fairy-lit, planter-populated balcony completes the space.
Speaking of sensory pursuits, the alcohol menu is long and licentious, as bar menus should be, straddling the spirits and beer-n-wine divide comfortably. It knows its whiskey from its whisky and a thing or two about cost control as well, given the relatively reasonable rates, with a pint of domestic beer setting you back by Rs 110. We partake of the cocktail menu, sampling the Scottish Tea (made with Black Label), which tastes like an especially boozy Christmas with its smoky, spiced notes and the Cuba Verndrome, an unusual but delicious muddling of liquefied grapes, ice chips, rum and mint.
The food menu, much like the music echoing off the canvas walls, is a composition of dishes from around the world. With Turkish kebabs displayed cheek by jowl with Mediterranean appetisers, burgers and shawarmas sharing space, think food sans borders. The prices are fairly affordable here as well, with appetisers not exceeding Rs 350 while mains hover around Rs 450. Food may be music for the soul but physically peckish that we are, we submerge ourselves in the Jerk Chicken and the Patlican Kebab for starters, ordering a shawarma for our mains. The Caribbean chicken comes skewered, a tad dry but shining red with marination and accompanied by a pineapple salsa with a kick worthy of a World Cup recap.
The Patlican is a trifle layered, comprising sliced and roasted aubergine and tomatoes sandwiching tender ground lamb patties, spiced with coriander, paprika and garlic, each mouthful smoky and toothsome. However, it’s the shawarma that makes us its groupie, coming wrapped in a toasted pita shell and bursting with charcoal-cooked chicken, the accompanying pickled vegetables completing the picture, which is soon irrevocably smudged and then bereft of anything but crumbs. Regardless, we’ll find our way back to these woods, soon.

Songs of EnchantmentThe music video for Jahe chole features about 150 extras, who belong to the Nocte tribe from Arunachal Pradesh
Written by Kevin Lobo | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:29 am
For 16 days, Sankarshan Kini travelled through non-existent roads that line the eastern border of Arunachal Pradesh, a compact sound recorder in tow. On a commissioned project to document tribal folk songs of the state, Kini visited six tribes, recording century-old tunes, which are fading away. But Kini is no ethnomusicologist. The aim of the endeavour was to get these folk songs a larger audience. However, Kini realised early on that it won’t make much of an impact if he releases them in their pure form.
He made his way back to his Mumbai studio and placed it in familiar aural surroundings. The result is Enchantation, a six-track album that has one folk song by each tribe he visited — Nocte, Nyishi, Monpa, Adi, Wancho and Galo — and these have been juxtaposed with Afro-jazz and electronic music to contemporarise it. “I arrived at different stylistic templates after much thought, but I was clear I wanted to use Afro-jazz on the album. Its rhythms fit in well with the folk tracks,” says Kini, who was influenced by the works of world musicians Karim Ziad, Ali Faka Toure and Tinariwen, for this album.
The blending of genres is effective. The tribes he visited almost never used instruments, and instead their voices acted as rhythmic tools. Take the folk song, Tanko nyone by the Adi tribe, for instance. Kini has used a groovy beat that brings a fullness to the strong vocals of the singer. On Yanlok duanpa by the monks of the Monpa tribe, the meditative voice of the throat singers shifts into a gospel-inspired vocal arrangement sung by indie songstress Vasundhara Vidalur. Kini has produced four tracks and roped in the talents of Donn Bhat of Don Bhatt + Passenger Revelator fame, for the remaining two. Bhat has brought his “tasty electronic music palate” to the album, where he adds a reggae beat to Tham thuth tsai – lailung by the Wancho Tribe and a drum ‘n’ bass vibe to Pemin – nyem nanam by the Nyishi tribe.
On Thursday, the first video of Enchantation — Jahe chole — was released online, giving an insight into the way Nocte tribe dresses and the jewellery they wear, among other characteristics of the tribe. Using people from the Nocte community — 150 extras in all — director Aman Mahajan of Tourbadour Films wanted to place the video where the music originated. The track uses slices of vocal samples of singers from the tribe chanting, layered over polyrhythmic beats.
The behind-the-scenes shenanigans of the video are as intriguing as the track. Shot in May, the compact production team headed to Natun Kheti, a tiny hamlet where the tribe resides. “The song Jahe chole is about continued…

Malin villagers to be rehabilitated in JhambrewadiThe district administration will have to construct nearly 75 houses in a year.
Written by Nisha Nambiar | Pune | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:23 am
About a month and a half after the Malin landslide tragedy struck, survivors of the village are set to get a permanent address on eight acres of plot with the district administration finalising Jhambrewadi village for resettlement. The Geological Survey of India (GSI) on Thursday gave an interim
report approving the site for it being “flat land and not  undulated”.
District collector Saurabh Rao, who met with the officials from the GSI after the review, said two sites — one at Adivare and the other at Jhambrewadi — were shown to the officials and they approved the latter.
“We had earlier zeroed in on a site in Adivare village, which is close to  Malin. However, the GSI, after its survey, did not approve the site and insisted on Jhambrewadi site. Even as we had earlier proposed Adivare village, there was some resistance from villagers. However, the GSI scientists, after a thorough survey of Adivare and Jhambrewadi, gave an interim report approving the Jhambrewadi site, which is again a part of  gaothan,’’ said Rao on Friday.
The district administration will have to construct nearly 75 houses and the period of rehabilitation is one year as was given by the government.
The administration will have to purchase the eight acres of plot at market price and then register the same under the state government’s name before transferring the houses individually to the owners. “Talks are on to negotiate the price of the plot.
It will be finalised soon,’’ added the collector.
Meanwhile, the GSI team led by CD Singh, who did a recce of the area, are awaiting a detailed report from the collector, following which they will send a detailed technical report to the district administration.
The collector had sent out his groundwater survey team to conduct a sample test of drinking water in the area and they have given a positive opinion on the same. “With these developments, the villagers will be shifted out to this area,’’ he said.
The work of temporary shelters is nearing its final stages. It is expected to be ready by September 22.
Meanwhile, the district administration has been putting cheques in names of heir of deceased in fixed deposits. They have also received Rs 3 crore from the Central government for the rehabilitation of the survivors.

Open sesame: AlibabaOpen sesame: Alibaba
US stocks fluctuate as Alibaba rallies; oil declines with goldUS stocks fluctuate as Alibaba rallies; oil declines with gold
Rating prop for Tata stocksRating prop for Tata stocks
Sino-Indian relations: Walking on two legsSino-Indian relations: Walking on two legs
Obama nominates Richard Verma as US ambassador to IndiaObama nominates Richard Verma as US ambassador to India
Correction *april 10 2010Platinum Member
76 Followers
Started investing on April 10 2014  with an investment of 10000......being an engineer no idea abt balance sheet and other accounting terms did some mistakes ......now my stock portfolio reached 25 lakhs  ...with 1 5 bragger and a 2 bagger ......investing is a learning process and I am loving it :)
3.56 AM Sep 20th

Correction * april 10 2010Platinum Member
76 Followers
Started investing on April 10 2014  with an investment of 10000......being an engineer no idea abt balance sheet and other accounting terms did some mistakes ......now my stock portfolio reached 25 lakhs  ...with 1 5 bragger and a 2 bagger ......investing is a learning process and I am loving it :)
3.57 AM Sep 20th

BoJ buys one-year debt at negative yields© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aeb39060-3fb9-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buzzard Point neighbors seek benefits from D.C. United stadiumBy Jonathan O'Connell September 19 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
Jason Levien, D.C. United managing general partner, and D.C. Mayor Vincent C. Gray. (Nikki Kahn/TWP)
Residents and community organizers near the proposed site of a new stadium for D.C. United have asked the team and the District government for a community benefits agreement providing $5 million initially and future payments over the project’s 30-year lease.
The money would go toward job training, traffic improvements, small-business opportunities and preservation of public and low-income housing in the surrounding neighborhoods of Southwest Washington.
Among the organizers of the effort is the Rev. Ruth Hamilton, co-pastor at Westminster Presbyterian Church, which is located a few blocks northeast of Buzzard Point, where the the stadium is planned.
Hamilton, who has been at the church for 18 years, said neighbors of the site ought to benefit from the $300 million project and are better prepared to negotiate for benefits than they were when the District negotiated a deal for Nationals Park.
She said she hoped the United agreement would be a legally binding document and that the initial $5 million would be provided before the District certified the new stadium for occupancy. “We are going to be seeing more and more of these,” Hamilton said. “Communities are getting organized, and they are going to be looking for specifics.”
Community benefits agreements with provisions for affected neighbors are not uncommon for major development projects in the District. For instance, Wal-Mart, in conjunction with D.C. Mayor Vincent C. Gray (D), agreed in 2011 to fund a series of workforce and charitable initiatives in the neighborhoods where it planned to open stores.
United and Gray have agreed on a deal in which the city would provide up to $150 million in land and infrastructure for the project plus a series of tax breaks to the team, and United would spend roughly the same amount, to build a 20,000-seat stadium.
Members of the D.C. Council have held a series of public forums on the proposal but have yet to hold a formal hearing. United ownership and City Administrator Allen Lew have been pushing aggressively to get the legislation passed before the end of the calendar year.
Supporters of the community benefits agreement include members of the local Advisory Neighborhood Commissions as well as members of a coalition of advocates and residents assembled by the D.C. Fiscal Policy Institute.  The agreement was drafted with the help of the Near SE/SW Community Benefits Coordinating Council .
Felicia Couts, a CBCC coordinator, said the stadium development created an opportunity to provide job training and housing assistance to low-income residents in the area, including residents of Syphax Gardens, James Creek and Greenleaf Gardens public housing projects.
“We’re just asking for a small carve-out that will primarily benefit residents who are closest to the stadium. Many of them are low-income, and they should get first dibs,” she said.
Spokesmen for Lew and United both said they had received a copy of the draft proposal  and planned to respond in coming weeks.
“We think it’s really important and we look forward to having a complete response by the end of this month,” United spokesman Craig Stouffer said.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Reaching for opportunity but grasping debtBy Danielle Douglas-Gabriel September 19 Follow @DaniDougPost
Soon after graduating from college, Edgar Zakata had a disabling worsening of his epilepsy. Unable to work, he wondered how he would ever repay student loans. (Photo by Nader Khouri for The Washington Post)
Within months of receiving his diploma from Vanguard University near Los Angeles in May 2012, Edgar Zakata started having multiple seizures. He had suffered from epilepsy for most of his life, but medication had always kept the convulsions at bay. Not anymore.
Before he could put his psychology degree to use, Zakata began experiencing up to seven seizures a day. There were visits to the emergency room. There were CAT scans and cocktails of medications to get his condition under control. Nothing worked.
A series of tests suggested it was likely that nothing could be done to prevent the seizures from disrupting his life. He wouldn’t be able to hold down a steady job. And with no source of income, there was no way he could repay the $33,000 he owed in federal and private student loans.
Zakata’s prospects were bad enough for the Department of Education to discharge the $25,000 he owed the government, but not for Sallie Mae to grant a similar disability waiver for the $8,000 it was due.
Instead, the private lender demanded more medical records, more doctors’ letters, more proof. Two years later, the battle is emblematic of the disparities between federal and private student debt collection.
Education loans provided by banks and other financial firms carry fewer protections for the borrower than those offered by the federal government. Private lenders are under no obligation to work with borrowers when they fall behind on payments or, as in Zakata’s case, are unable to repay the debt because of a disability.
Whereas the federal government has rules for income-based repayment, forbearance and waivers for severe disability, there are no industry-wide equivalents governing private lenders. Instead, each bank or financial firm decides whether to institute those policies, and not all do.
Private student loans represent about $104 billion of the $1.12 trillion in outstanding education debt, according to the New York Federal Reserve. There is no clear data on the number of private student lenders, though by some estimates there are fewer than a hundred banks, credit unions and other financial outfits in the market.
Only four private student loan providers — Sallie Mae, Wells Fargo, Discover and New York Higher Education Services Corp. — will cancel a borrowers’ debt in cases of permanent disability. Each has policies that are largely based on the federal government’s guidelines that call for a certified letter from a physician or a Social Security Administration notice of award.
Private lenders are generally opaque about their standards and don’t apply them across the board to all of their loans, said Persis Yu, an attorney at the National Consumer Law Center. Lenders have said some of their loans have been bundled into securities with contract restrictions that prevent adjustments for individual borrowers.
“There is no law that requires them to do anything in the case of disability or death, so borrowers are subject to their individual whims,” Yu said.
Lawmakers are starting to take notice of the disparities. In June, Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) proposed a provision as part of a higher education package that would require schools to work only with private lenders that discharge loans in the event of a student’s death or permanent disability. While the provision would create some parity between federal and private loans, it offers no guarantee that borrowers like Zakata would be granted a waiver.
Zakata, now 34 and living with his parents in Napa, Calif., tried to stay on top of his student loans as his epilepsy worsened. Hoping that doctors would find a way to control the seizures so he could work, he initially sought to defer his student loan payments.
A CAT scan in February 2013 revealed a tumor on the left side of his brain that doctors suspected caused the sudden escalation of his condition. But days before a surgery to remove the tumor, Zakata said, his doctor canceled the procedure out of concern that the risks would outweigh the benefits. Doctors determined that Zakata had severe refractory epilepsy, a drug-resistent condition.
“He said it was incurable,” Zakata said. “I was in shock and just crying, thinking, ‘What’s my life going to be like? How was I going to pay the money I owed?’ ”
Edgar Zakata keeps a bag of seizure medications he tried, unsuccessfully, after his epilepsy suddenly worsened.  He keeps affirmations in Spanish on the wall of his room. Payments on his federal student loans were waived because of his condition, but Sallie Mae at first denied a similar accommodation. (Photos by Nader Khouri for The Washington Post)
Zakata’s physician recommend he contact his lenders to explain the extent of his disability and seek help. He did.
It took four months before the federal government granted him the waiver, after requesting his medical records and letters from doctors.
Zakata supplied the same documentation to Sallie Mae, but with a different outcome.
Sallie Mae denied his request, saying Zakata had a pre-existing condition that he was aware of when he took out the loans in 2011.
The disability waiver is available only to students who become “permanently disabled because of a condition that began or deteriorated” after the date they obtained the loan, said Nikki Lavoie, a spokeswoman for Navient, the student-loan servicing company that was spun out of Sallie Mae in April and now has Zakata’s loan.
“The guy at Sallie Mae told me, ‘If I knew I had seizures, then why did I apply?’ ” Zakata said.
“I told him that at the time, they were under control. I had a life. I was driving. I had a job. I didn’t know this was going to happen.”
Zakata didn’t give up. By the end of March, he contacted legal aid and began working with an attorney to appeal the lender’s decision. The debt collection calls stopped, and Sallie Mae agreed to have its processing partner, Minnesota Life, review the case again.
But it was far from over.
The lender wanted all of his medical records dating to 2010, proof from the state that his drivers license had been revoked because of his condition and information about his Social Security disability application.
“They’re not disputing that he is permanently disabled,” said Noah Zinner, a senior attorney at Housing and Economic Rights Advocates who represents Zakata. “Periodically they deny him, and then when he follows up, they request all of these new documents.”
Zakata tried to run down the requested material, which meant contacting at least five doctors and three medical centers.
“We sympathize with our customers experiencing medical concerns and rely on the expertise of an experienced third party for timely, consistent and fair processing of disability applications,” Lavoie said.
She added that Navient works with customers facing financial challenges to, in some cases, reduce the interest rate on the loan or lower payments. Roughly $1.7 billion of the private loans the company services are enrolled in a loan modification program.
Navient encouraged Zakata to sign up for a loan modification. The company asked for his household income and for his parents to make payments on the loan, which was in default.
But Navient notified The Washington Post near the end of August that, upon further review, the company had decided to grant Zakata the disability waiver. Zakata, who learned of the decision from a reporter, was relieved. Days later, he received a call from the company informing him of the news. The debt has been discharged.
Danielle Douglas-Gabriel covers student debt. Before that, she wrote about the banking industry.

Home Depot Hacked: How to Protect Yourselfhome depot hacked: how to protect yourself
Oracle CEO shakeup: what it means for the companyOracle CEO shakeup: what it means for the company
Man held for sexually abusing son daughterPrint
Express News Service | Ludhiana | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:03 am
In a heart-rending incident, the police on Friday booked Chain Singh, a resident of Ram Nagar of Mundian, for sexually exploiting his 11-year-old son and 9-year-old daughter.
As per a statement of his wife, Singh used to threaten children that if the matter was disclosed, he would kill them.
The wife lodged an FIR against her husband at Jamalpur police station.
The police have booked him under sections 376 (rape), 377 (sodomy) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC.
In her complaint the woman said that she works in a factory to help her husband financially. Her children told her that their father used to sexually exploit them in her absence.
Inspector Ranjit Singh, SHO at Jamalpur police station, said the police had arrested the accused and produced him before the court on Friday. The court remanded him in judicial custody.

F1 waters down ban on radio messages but driver coachingdisallowedThe new rules were scheduled to start in Singapore but F1 has now postponed its plans.(Source: Reuters)
Associated Press | Singapore | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:59 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 8:15 am
Formula One has significantly altered its proposed ban on pit-car radio transmissions after teams raised concerns, with information on car performance allowed for the rest of the season.
F1 initially proposed drastic rules to prevent most radio messages due to fan disquiet that it was the teams rather than drivers that were effectively controlling the cars, with drivers altering settings at team behest and following instructions on fuel, tire and brake use.
The new rules were to have started at the Singapore Grand Prix this weekend, but following a meeting between the teams and the FIA late on Thursday, the ban on car-performance information will be put off until 2015.
However, driver coaching messages via radio will be banned immediately. This includes advice on gear selection and braking points at corners, car set-up for particular parts of the track, racing lines, speed and acceleration rates, and how and when to use the drag-reduction system. Part of the rationale for the dilution of the rule was that the ban would have had an uneven impact on teams. Teams that have high-tech steering wheels with enhanced data telemetry would be more able than others to provide drivers with information on car performance. Data telemetry is not part of the ban, only radio transmissions.
“It became quite clear some teams would be at a serious disadvantage compared to others,” FIA race director Charlie Whiting said. “With the benefit of hindsight, it would have been better to introduce it in two stages, and that is what we are doing now.”
A delay until 2015 on car-performance messaging will give teams more time to prepare their telemetry, and also train drivers how to interpret it so they can make the requisite adjustments themselves in the absence of any instruction from the team. F1 commercial chief Bernie Ecclestone hinted that telemetry, too, might be banned to make the racing more pure, but Whiting said the radio ban was “not planned as a step in that direction at all — it has not been discussed.”
During practice sessions, qualifying and races, there are an average of eight officials listening to team radio transmissions, and they will pass on to race stewards any messages which they think may have breached the rules.
Any breaches upheld by stewards will be subject to ‘sporting’ penalties rather than fines. That would mean relegation down the starting grid.
Hamilton sets fastest time
Lewis Hamilton laid down an early marker that he will be the man to beat in the Singapore Grand Prix this weekend when he set the fastest time in the second free practice session at the floodlit Marina Bay Street Circuit on Friday.
The Briton, who trails Mercedes team mate Nico Rosberg by 22 points with six rounds remaining, clocked one minute 47.490 seconds to edge out the resurgent Ferrari of Fernando Alonso by 0.133 seconds around the 23-turn, 5.065km track.
Red continued…
With the benefit of hindsight, it would have been better to introduce it in two stages, and that is what we are doing now

On Day One  shooters in line to open medalcountWomen shooters including Apurvi Chandela will be fancying their chances at Incheon. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:56 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 8:34 am
They were mostly off the mark in the recent World Championships but Indian shooters will nonetheless be expected to deliver a bagful of medals when the event kickstarts in the Asian Games on Saturday.
Shooters from 34 countries are in fray at the Ongnyeon International Range till September 30, competing for a total of 44 medals in the individual and team competitions. In fact, the opening gold medal of the 17th Games will decided in shooting.
The events will commence with the women’s 10m air pistol and men’s 50m pistol in which four titles would be decided on Saturday.
Among the women taking part is veteran rifle shooter Anjali Bhagwat, a former CWG champion, and youngsters like Heena Sidhu, who will take part in the 10m air pistol event that starts and ends on Saturday along with Shweta Chaudhry and 16-year-old Malaika Goel who won silver in the Glasgow CWG.
There are also pistol medal hopes CWG gold medallist Rahi Sarnobat and Anisa Sayyed, and young shooters CWG gold medallist Apurvi Chandela, silver medallist Ayonika Paul and seasoned Lajja Goswami to look out for.
The events will commence with the women's 10m air pistol and men's 50m pistol in which four titles would be decided on Saturday

Cricket gets underway  minus the biggunsSri Lanka's second fiddle team is making an appearance in the ongoing Asian Games at Incheon.(Source: PTI)
Agence-France Presse | Incheon | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:55 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 8:51 am
Cricket’s minor nations get a rare chance to shine on the big stage when the Asian Games Twenty20 competition opens on Saturday in the absence of powerhouses India and Pakistan. Defending champions Bangladesh and Sri Lanka are the only two Test nations playing in the 10-country men’s tournament that follows the women’s event at the Yeonhui cricket field in Incheon.
India, who also snubbed the inaugural competition four years ago, again chose to stay away due to their cricket’s board reluctance to be part of multi-discipline Games. Pakistan are fielding only their women’s team, which won the gold in Guangzhou in 2010, as the men prepare for the series against Australia starting in the United Arab Emirates next month.
Bangladesh, who won the men’s competition four years ago to give the nation their first ever Asian Games gold medal, are at full-strength except for skipper Mushfiqur Rahim who has taken time off to get married. The Tigers welcomed back star all-rounder Shakib Al Hasan, who served out a disciplinary ban, and seamer Rubel Hossain. They replaced Sohag Gazi and Al-Amin Hossain, who were reported for suspect bowling actions recently.
Sri Lanka are led by Lahiru Thirimanne, who was part of the national squad that won the World Twenty20 title in Bangladesh in April. But is the sports minnows and their unbridled enthusiasm that promises to light up a tournament that the Korean organisers wanted scratched before the Asian Cricket Council stepped in.
Kuwait make their Games debut with home grown cricketers that include the rare instance of a father, Mahmoud Bastaki, and his son Fahad playing in the same team. Hong Kong will consider themselves medal aspirants following their shock win over hosts Bangladesh at the World Twenty20 and prepared themselves by touring Sri Lanka. South Korea make their cricket debut after hiring Afghanistan, who have qualified for the 50-over World Cup in Australia and New Zealand in February-March, will miss most of their top players who are currently touring Australia.
India, who also snubbed the inaugural competition four years ago, again chose to stay away

The last chancesaloon2010 was Indian's best performance at the Asian Games. (Source: PTI)
Written by Mihir Vasavda | Incheon | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:51 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 9:01 am
The lull inside the Athletes Village was suddenly broken by a huge, unexpected roar. The noise emerging from a block tucked into the East corner of the Village attracted a few curious onlookers. A few Kazakhstan athletes who were jogging around the village stopped by and, with a puzzled look, watched the Indian hockey players break into a jig. High-fives went around and imaginary selfies were clicked.
The team’s leisure training session, which involved an ad-hoc game of cricket among other things, had just concluded and here, they were practising their celebrations — for goal and for gold.
Terry Walsh stood in a corner, smiling. The chief coach broke the celebrations and called it a day. In his two decades in coaching, the Australian would rarely have come under such scrutiny. He knows his job is on the line if, in a fortnight’s time, the team does not win the gold medal in Incheon. Not just him. Quite a few heads may roll if India fail to book a ticket to Rio 2016.
Walsh and his team aren’t the only ones feeling the heat. Reputations will be on the line over the next two weeks for quite a few heavyweights of Indian sports, making their participation in the Asian Games more than a mere academic exercise for the likes of Abhinav Bindra, Saina Nehwal and Mary Kom, among others.
Bindra may have won independent India’s first Olympic gold and a dozen Commonwealth Games medals, but an Asian Games individual gold has continued to elude him. Since he quietly sneaked into the Games Village a couple of days ago, the Beijing Games gold medallist has spent most of his time at the shooting ranges — even on Friday, which was an optional training day for Indian marksmen. Bindra may not have much to prove but an Asian Games gold is the only piece of jigsaw missing in his puzzle. Or as he said, to give his ‘nephew something new to play with.’
For Mary Kom, the next two weeks may well prove to be decisive in determining in which direction her career is heading. This will be the first time since the Olympics that she will take part in an international tournament. Her journey since the historic bronze two years ago has been rather tumultuous. Post the birth of her third child, Mary Kom had to undergo a surgery, deal with weight issues and also fend off rising challenges from emerging Indian boxers.
Pinki Jangra beat Mary Kom at the Commonwealth Games trials, sparking a controversy of sorts. But a month later, she settled the score and landed in Incheon on Friday, trying to prove a point — yet again.
Unlike Mary Kom, Nehwal faces the challenge not just from the mighty Chinese but also from within. PV Sindhu’s second world championship medal has heaped more pressure on Nehwal and her latest ‘split’ with coach continued…
India is expecting to return with 75 medals, 10 more than Guangzhou Asiad

Take action as 19 pvt schools flouting EWS norms: DPI to EstateOfficePrint
Written by Ifrah Mufti | Chandigarh | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:49 am
Alleging violation of the condition to admit students from economically weaker sections, the Director of Public Instructions (S) has written to the Estate Office, asking for action against as many as 19 private schools which were allotted land by the administration.
These include some of the most sought-after schools, like Vivek High School, Sector 38; St Kabir Public School, Sector 26; AKSIPS in Sector 41 and 45; and Ankur Public School on the Panjab University campus in Sector 14.
Deputy Commissioner Mohammed Shayin, who is the Estate Officer, said, “We will issue show-cause notices to these schools. They will have to reply to the DPI, stating the reasons for failing to admit requisite number of students. On that basis, we will take further action.”
Under rules, the administration can recommend to the CBSE to withdraw the affiliation of these schools and also resume their land for violation of the terms and conditions of allotment.
The move follows a report of District Education Officer Ram Kumar Sharma, stating that 19 schools had not admitted the requisite number of students to the entry-level class in 2013-14.
Under the “Allotment of Land to Educational Institutions (Schools) on lease hold basis in Chandigarh (Amendment) Scheme’’, issued by the Estate Office in 2006, private recognised schools are required to admit 15 per cent students belonging to economically weaker sections.
DPI(S) Kamlesh Kumar said, “Since the agreement was between the schools and the UT Administration, the Estate Office should take action against the schools which are flouting the norms. They were given lands on a condition that they will admit a certain number of students who cannot afford their education.’’
However, H S Mamik, president of Independent Schools Association and director of Vivek High School, said, “The land was offered to us as per the 1952 Punjab Allotment Act according to which there was no condition to admit EWS students. The UT Administration did not offer us lands for free. Thus, we are not bound to admit economically weaker section students.’’
The DPI(S) remarked, “There are some schools which are under no obligation, but still admit EWS students. On the other hand, there are these schools which have to mandatorily admit these students, but avoid it.”
The schools named by DPI (S) are: Vivek High School, Sector 38; DAV Public School, Sector 8; Shishu Niketan Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 32; Bal Niketan Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 37; AKSIPS-41; Shishu Niketan Model School, Sector 43; Banyan Tree School, Sector 48; SD Saini Model School, Sector 38; Sri Guru Harkrishan Public School, Sector 40; Aanchal International School, Sector 41; AKSIPS-45; Ashiana Public School, Sector 46; Kundan International School, Sector 46; Nav Bal Niketan School, Sector 29; Play Way Model School, Sector 37; Stepping Stones School, Sector 38; Kids-R-Kids, Sector 42; Ankur Public School, PU Campus, Sector 14; and St Kabir Public School, Sector 26.

Alibaba IPO points to a new economic modelAlibaba IPO points to a new economic model
Foot in mouth syndrome. these 2 fellows suffer from since the very beg...1303 Followers
Foot in mouth syndrome. These 2 fellows suffer from since the very begining..
We dont know the reasons why right and left hand of the company are telling 2 different stories nearly on the same day on the most important issue re where the company is heading.I think they R changing the story line as they want to quickly close the past cases. For that to happen they continue to play on the past and get a sympathetic hearing. The tragedy is that all cases abroad barring 1 may b are resolved /settled and our own government keeps on kicking us in the guts for saving ....indias image, 1 lakh jobs and ..............rest.......

Bro  do you think i can still buy ybrant  is it worth it buying even ...10 Followers
Reposted about 62 days 3 hrs 53 min 27 sec ago by New Boarder
Anandji also mentioned couple of days ago ith new Ybrtant target of 500 in 2 years. I takes as my new bench mark and not track YB day over day. The previous target of 120~140 was a while ago when YB was at 30, that itself was too attractive to accumulate. Many thanks to Anandji for guidance and support, all his projects were spot on. BTW JBMA, SHICAB, YB had more than doubled in 6 weeks. What more we can expect.

Us world markets cl ose friday :north and south american markets finis...Platinum Member
475 Followers
US World Markets cl ose Friday :North and South American markets finished broadly lower today with shares in Brazil leading the region. The Bovespa is down 1.00% while Mexico`s IPC is off 0.88% and U.S.`s S&P 500 is lower by 0.05%.
4.20 AM Sep 20th  | Track

Developed markets; us stocks friday`s close: dow 14 up; nasdaq ...DEVELOPED MARKETS; US Stocks Friday`s close:
Dow 14 up; Nasdaq 14 down; S&P 1 down.
Alibaba shares surges 38% in huge IPO bebut:
Latest News
Occupy Wall Street, abolish my debt too!
Alibaba surges 38% in huge IPO debut
7 things you can do on Alibaba
Alibaba`s Jack Ma: My hero is Forrest Gump
Will Yahoo use Alibaba cash to buy AOL?
Post-it eating insider trader pleads guilty
P&G drops NFL breast cancer campaign
Ellison: Billionaire with the shiniest toys
Digital tip jar coming to your coffee shop
Scotland should avoid Quebec`s fate
24 hours with a super rich family`s concierge
Obamacare website still isn`t totally safe
4.12 AM Sep 20th  | Track

Post-mortem: Bypoll losers allege sabotage  infighting; BJP to probeBJP workers pays homage on the occasion of PM Narendra Modi’s birthday in Lucknow Wednesday.
Written by Lalmani Verma | Lucknow | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:07 am
The BJP leadership will look into complaints received from party candidates who lost the bypolls in Uttar Pradesh after they alleged that infighting and lack of support from local MPs and party workers led to the debacle.
Party sources said that a reply will be sought from local leaders and MPs if the complaints are found to be true. BJP lost eight Assembly seats, which it had won in 2012, to the Samajwadi Party in the bypolls.
“We have received complaints from various constituencies that local leaders and MPs did not cooperate with party candidates. We will investigate and take action accordingly,” a party leader said.
Senior party leaders Wednesday held a meeting with presidents and organisation secretaries of all eight regions in Lucknow to discuss the issue of the party’s defeat in seven seats.
After the poll results, BJP candidate from Sirathu, Santosh Singh Patel, had told The Indian Express that BJP leaders Keshav Maurya, Sanjay Gupta and Ajay Tripathi “campaigned against” him. Patel said he intended to complain to the top brass.
BJP candidate from Nighasan, Ram Kumar Verma, and the candidate from Balha, Akshaibar Lal, made similar allegations. “Local MP Savitri Bai Phule openly opposed my candidature and her supporters campaigned against me. She did this because the party denied a ticket to her uncle,” Lal said.
Others who aired similar woes included BJP candidate Rajpal Singh Chauhan (Thakurdawara), Hemendra Pal (Bijnor) and Jagdish Prasad (Hamirpur). The leaders blamed infighting for their defeat and said that they intended to complain to the party leadership.
A relative of BJP candidate Geeta Singh, who came in third from Charkhari, said that several party leaders refused to campaign for her. Geeta’s brother-in-law also claimed that Union Minister Uma Bharti, who was elected MLA from Charkhari in 2012, did not turn up to campaign for Geeta.
A BJP leader in New Delhi said, “The party had decided not to give tickets to the kin of those who were elected. It was a policy. But there have been complaints that those who were miffed at ticket distribution did not work for the candidates.”
Privately, some leaders also acknowledged that the ‘love jihad’ campaign hurt the BJP’s prospects. They said that during the campaign ahead of the Lok Sabha elections, many statements from SP leaders, seemingly meant to “please the minority community”, had helped the BJP consolidate Hindu votes.
“But in these elections, SP leaders were careful not to make such remarks, while the BJP leaders’ campaign on love jihad annoyed the general public,” he said.
A section of the leaders also felt that the absence of leaders such as Rajnath Singh and Varun Gandhi from the electoral scene sent “confusing” signals and their supporters stayed away from the active campaign. While rumours about his family members and reports of his decline in the continued…

Akhilesh raises retirement age for govt doctors by three yearsCM Akhilesh Yadav attacked the Bharatiya Janata Party for making lofty poll promises before the Lok Sabha elections.
Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: September 19, 2014 5:31 am
In a major relief to doctors in Uttar Pradesh, Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday announced increasing the retirement age of doctors posted in government medical colleges to 65 years from the current 62 years.
While inaugurating nearly Rs 350 crore worth of facilities at King George Medical University (KGMU) here, the CM also announced that the salary of KGMU teachers be brought on a par with that of Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute (SGPGI), Lucknow and assured all possible help to the university.
The CM said the Samajwadi Party government has always invested in the medical sector and made arrangements for free treatment of serious diseases. “Since private medical education has been expensive, it was SP which worked towards medical colleges at Kannauj, Saifai and Azamgarh and now has plans for medical colleges in Badaun and Jaunpur, among other districts,” he said.
He noted that the number of MBBS seats has increased by 500 and the total number of seats are expected to touch 2,100 by next year.
He also highlighted that the government has started many services, such as 102 and 108 ambulance services which reach the people in 20 minutes and said he looked forward to a similar emergency police service that reaches the people in 15 minutes.
Still fresh from bypoll results where SP outdid BJP, the CM drew a subtle parallel between SP and KGMU’s fortunes, and said, “There may be some magazines which put you at position four or nine; but I urge the V-C and professors and other faculty members and students to continue working towards the pinnacle.”
Earlier, the CM threw open a modern teaching block and residences for faculty, employees and teachers as well as virtual class and computerisation and fiber optic cable network. He also laid the foundation stone of the KGMU Institute of Skills as well as hostels for girls, boys and nurses.
‘People who promised acche din are swinging on a swing’
CM Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday attacked the Bharatiya Janata Party for making lofty poll promises before the Lok Sabha elections and said, “Ours is a country of emotional democracy. You never know which issue might sway the public. Some people said acche din will come but they are now swinging on a swing,” Yadav said, referring to Prime Minister Narendra Modi sharing a swing with Chinese president Xi Jinping at Sabarmati riverfront. Taking a jibe at the media, he said,”The media-persons change according to the results; there is an old saying that ‘victory has many fathers, defeat is orphan’.”

CMOs special cell to prepare Gujarat-China MoUs blueprintThe Japanese delegation meets CM Anandi Patel in Gandhinagar on Thursday. (Source: Express photo)
Express News Service | Gandhinagar | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:52 am
A special cell will soon be created by the Chief Minister’s Office to prepare the blueprint for the two MoUs signed between China and the Gujarat government. This was decided after a meeting between Chief Minister Anandiben Patel and Chinese officials  Xu Shaohua, Guangdong Executive Vice-Governor, and Chen Jianhua, Guangzhou city Mayor, in Gandhinagar on Thursday.
While extending their invitation to Patel to visit China, both the officials also expressed the possibility for a direct flight between Ahmedabad and Guangdong.
On Wednesday, Chinese President Xi Jinping began his India tour from Ahmedabad, during which three MoUs were signed.
The Gujarat government has signed an MoU with the most populous province of China Guangdong (Cantonor Kwangtung), while Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) inked an MoU with China’s third largest city Guangzhou. Besides, an MoU between China Development Bank and Industrial Extension Bureau has been signed for development of an industrial park. The MoUs are to focus on bilateral growth in infrastructure, technology, education, business and industries.
Patel on Thursday said the MoUs will strengthen bilateral ties between the two states, which have a long coastline and are known as manufacturing hubs. She said that with the help of a dedicated cell, the Gujarat government will chalk out an action plan based on the blueprint prepared by authorities of Gujarat and China.
During the meeting, Patel extended an invitation through the Chinese authorities to NRIs settled in China and also invited the Chinese authorities to participate in the Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors Summit 2015.
7th Garib Kalyan Mela begins today
The seventh edition of the annual Garib Kalyan Mela will begin on Friday from Jamnagar. Through 127 such melas across the state, Chief Minister Anandi Patel will dole out a total aid to the tune of Rs 1,000 crore to some 10 lakh beneficiaries. This time Garib Kalyan Mela, under which the state government gives away aid under various schemes from housing to education and livelihood, is also the platform for achieving the 100 days target set by the Patel government for itself under Gatisheel Gujarat. Started in 2009 by the then Chief Minister Narendra Modi, so far in six editions the government has claimed that it has provided aid to the tune of Rs 12,004 crore to some 81 lakh beneficiaries through 1,098 melas.
As to the format of the melas, presided over by the CM, they have been organised at taluka or district level. The BPL families from urban as well as rural parts have been handed over aid or other benefits directly at melas rather than issuing through multi-layered distribution system involving various authorities. Often for the ruling BJP, the Garib Kalyan Melas have proved to be a rallying point, be it in local, state or Lok Sabha elections.    ENS

48-yr-old man uses wiper to sexually assault wife  heldPrint
Written by Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:22 am
A 48-year-old man, angry over not being served dinner on time, allegedly inserted a wiper in her private part, police said.
The accused, who works as an electrician at a private company, has been arrested and a case of attempt to murder registered against him, police said.
The incident took place in East Delhi’s Gandhinagar on Wednesday.
On Wednesday night, after returning home, the accused asked his wife (45) to serve food. When she told him she could not cook as she was unwell, he allegedly hit her with a stick and then inserted a wiper in her private part.
“He was under the influence of alcohol. Bleeding, his wife started screaming. Afraid of being caught, he fled the spot. The woman managed to make a PCR call. By the time police reached the spot, she was in a semi-conscious state and was taken to hospital. She is out of danger, but has sustained internal injuries,” a senior police officer said.
In her statement to police, the woman alleged her husband habitually abused her physically and sexually. The couple has three children, aged between 18 and 20 years. They were not at home when the incident happened, police said.
The woman alleged her husband would get angry with her over minor things and beat her with rods. He even reportedly burnt her skin with an electric iron.
“The woman has burn marks on her legs and stomach,” the officer said.

SC notice to DERC on BSES pleaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The Democratic Party chair talks too muchComments
By Ed Rogers September 19 Follow @EdRogersDC
Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Fla.) speaks Friday to the Democratic National Committee’s Women’s Leadership Forum Issues Conference in Washington. (Mandel Ngan/Agence-France Presse)
The Democrats have a problem: Their party chair talks too much.
It is the ultimate sin for an operative to become the story.  The Democratic National Committee is supposed to be a unifying entity. Instead, the actions and attitude of Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz’s have made the Florida Democrat into a lightning rod and somewhat of a liability for the Democrats.  By many accounts, Wasserman Schultz is overly concerned with being in the spotlight and promoting herself — at the expense of her effectiveness.  This was highlighted this week by Politico in its story “ Democrats turn on Debbie Wasserman Schultz. ” It also reported that the Obama administration had very seriously considered replacing her as DNC chair in 2012. Well, it doesn’t get much plainer than that.
As a result, in the past 24 hours, Vice President Biden and Sens. Harry Reid (D-Nev.), Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) and Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) have all had to stop what they are doing and defend Wasserman Schultz. In the case of Reid, his defense was ominous, suggesting she is the White House’s problem.
This year, instead of hunkering down and concentrating on fundraising, the chairwoman has made a number of public gaffes, including outrageous remarks about Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R) , for which she had to apologize. I think this kind of behavior is remarkable for the chair of an American political party — and that’s saying something, given that I worked for GOP Chairman Lee Atwater. Wasserman Schultz has turned herself into a pariah in key Democratic races. Add the Democratic Party chair to the list of Democratic leaders who aren’t welcome in actual competitive races — a list that already included President Obama.
The fact is, when your party has the White House, you don’t need more spokespeople. You have plenty of words. What you need from the chair of the party is to be a master operative, campaign mechanic, organizational leader and tireless fundraiser. As the party in power, the DNC should be dominating its rival, the Republican National Committee, in fundraising. But, according to the most recent election reports, the DNC has raised $129 million in the 2014 election cycle and has $10.5 million in cash on hand, while the RNC has raised $140 million and has $14.6 million in cash on hand. Given all the time the president of the United States spends on fundraising, you would think the Democrats would be trouncing the Republicans.
I do worry about the role of the political parties in the era of super PACs. Campaign reforms have only limited what candidates and the parties can do, making it harder for them to raise money and have an impact – the opposite result of what such reform laws were meant to achieve. The two-party system has served us well. We need some “reforms” that will strengthen the parties and diminish the influence of billionaires and outside groups.
So the bad news for the Democrats is that they don’t have a very effective party chair. The good news for them is that it doesn’t usually matter that much.  Being chairman of the party is an insider’s role, and it shouldn’t be so hard to stay out of the way.  In 2014, perhaps more so than in other election years, there are a number of close races, and every little bit will matter.  The Democrats may regret having not shown Wasserman Schultz the door in 2012, when it would have been easy to do so.
Follow Ed on Twitter:  @EdRogersDC
Ed Rogers is a contributor to the PostPartisan blog, a political consultant and a veteran of the White House and several national campaigns. He is the chairman of the lobbying and communications firm BGR Group, which he founded with former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour in 1991.

Alibabas blockbuster IPORemember me on this computer
Sign in

JSW on the prowl abroadJSW on the prowl abroad
Indonesia are 2018hostsIndonesia will next host the Asian Games in 2018. (Source: PTI)
Agence-France Presse | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:05 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 10:56 am
The Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) executive board on Friday approved Indonesia as hosts for the 2018 Asian Games, which faces a growing battle to find venues because of the cost. The continent’s sports leaders had to find a quick replacement after Vietnam said in April that it could no longer afford to stage the next Asian Games. “Today(On Friday) it has been approved by the EB (executive board) that in 2018 will be the next Asian Games in Jakarta in Indonesia,” said council president Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Sabah. The body’s general assembly should rubber stamp the decision on Saturday. But Sheikh Amad stressed that an earlier special assembly had given him “the authority to decide and find the replacement to Vietnam.” Ade Lukman, an Indonesian Olympic Committee official, said the country was delighted. “Being selected to host the Asian Games is an honour for the Indonesian people,” he said. The OCA executive met in Incheon ahead of the opening of the 17th Asian Games later on Friday. The world’s biggest multi-sport event after the Olympics will this year feature 13,000 athletes, coaches and officials from 45 nations across 36 sports.        (AFP)
 
Hoping for Sun-shine
What promises to be a dramatic showdown between China’s Olympic gold champion Sun Yang and his chief rival, Park Tae-hwan of South Korea, is heating up the Asian Games swimming programme. It’s the biggest rivalry in Asian swimming, possibly one of the biggest of the Games, and some taunting from Sun has likely intensified the competition. The 22-year-old Sun brings the 200, 400 and 1,500 metre freestyle world titles he won last year to Incheon, along with the two golds, one silver and one bronze won at the 2012 London Olympics, where he became the first Chinese man to win an individual Olympic swimming gold. Sun also holds the world record in the 1,500 and won the event at the Asian Games four years ago in Guangzhou, China, where Park won gold in the 100, 200 and 400 freestyle finals. To top it off, he’ll be swimming in a pool named in his honour at Incheon, west of the capital Seoul. But Sun thinks he holds the advantage, having fully harnessed the explosive power of his formidable 6-foot-6  frame. Having told Chinese media he doesn’t really consider Park a serious rival, Sun filmed a series of humorous TV commercials for a Chinese sportswear maker in which he gently mocks the South Korean’s celebrity status.
Today(On Friday) it has been approved by the EB (executive board) that in 2018 will be the next Asian Games in Jakarta in Indonesia

Scotland s referendum: For now  it s business as usualScotland s referendum: For now  it s business as usual
US investment facilitation agency woos Indian SMEsUS investment facilitation agency woos Indian SMEs
Ahmedabad man get 10 yrs in jail forrapePrint
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:27 am
A Protection of Children against Sexual Offences (POCSO) court on Friday sentenced a 23-year-old to 10 years imprisonment for raping a minor girl in February last year.
Subhash Parmar, a resident of Ishanpur in Ahmedabad, was found guilty of raping the 15-year-old girl in the deserted place at Pavagadh hill in the Panchmahals on February 4, 2013. The prosecution contended that the girl was kidnapped and taken to Pavagadh, while Parmar told the court that they loved each other.
According to additional public prosecutor Nilesh Lodh, the girl was taken from her school at Ishanpur early morning by Parmar in the pretext of her mother’s sudden illness. He said that the court has believed that it was kidnapping since the victim is a minor.
Lodh said that Parmar was behind the victim for a long time and specially during the Uttarayan festival in 2013 in January. The court has also imposed a penalty of Rs 55,000 on Parmar, which will be handed over to the victim.

Every house to have toilet in next 3 years  saysCMThe CM gave away cheques worth Rs 8,000 each to a few beneficiaries to help citizens build individual toilets.
Written by Gopal B Kateshiya | Jamnanagar | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:17 am
Every household in Gujarat will have a toilet within next three years and the state will be clean by 2019, the year of 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, Chief Minister Anandi Patel announced in Jamnagar on Friday.
“In next three years, every household in the state will have a toilet. I have told my officers that this is one-point agenda of the state government,” Patel said while addressing a gathering at Garib Kalyan Mela on Exhibition Ground of Jamnagar.
“Mahatma Gandhi laid special emphasis on cleanliness. We shall celebrate 150th birth anniversary of the Mahatma in year 2019. To ensure that every household gets a toilet by then and our state becomes clean, the government would launch a special cleanliness drive from October 2 this year,” said Patel. October 2 is the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, the Father of the Nation.
The CM also gave away cheques worth Rs 8,000 each to a few beneficiaries of the state government scheme to help citizens build individual toilets. She said that there were 96,000 households without toilet in Jamnagar alone. The CM called upon self-help groups of women and government officers to take up the challenge and build these toilets within a year.
Patel also sought help from NGOs and donors to achieve the goal of clean Gujarat. “Organisers of mass marriage ceremonies find donors for setting up samianas, arranging for food and gifts for girls going to marry. A group of such organisers invited me to grace such a ceremony in Surat where 200 couples are to tie the knot. But I told organisers that first conduct survey of homes of grooms and ensure that every house where girls will shift after marriage has a toilet. I would not oblige unless this is done,” said Patel while sharing an anecdote.
She reiterated how women had to wait till nightfall to answer nature’s call even though they might feel urge in the morning as their houses did not have toilets. “Even pregnant women have to wait till it gets dark. Women going out at night are vulnerable to crime. Research has revealed that 30 per cent of crimes against women are committed when they venture out in dark of night to answer nature’s call. If their houses have toilets, this many percentages of crime against women will go down,” said Patel.
The Garib Kalyan Mela was organised by Jamnagar Municipal Corporation. In all, 1,0559 persons were given benefits worth Rs 5.88 crore at the event.
The event also marked beginning of the seventh round of such fairs where ministers and government officers directly give away state government assistance in cash or kind to beneficiaries. The practice was started in 2009 by then Gujarat CM Narendra Modi.
“Since 2009, 1,098 Garib Kalyan Melas have been held and state assistance to the tune of around Rs 12,000 crore has been continued…

Do Svidaniya  Pabst! Russian Company Buys Iconic American Beerdo svidaniya  pabst! russian company buys iconic american beer
Lawrence J Ellison says he is done as chief of OracleLawrence J Ellison says he is done as chief of Oracle
Even in v v normal and average performance  tml should achieve 4 billi...Platinum Member
1303 Followers
even in v v normal and average performance ,TML should achieve 4 billion for current year and 5 billion for 2015-2016. What is the big deal. If they cant , then both the top guys should be told to go home immediately.

Jet Airways  rule clarity claim flies in the face of factsDGCA had initiated an audit into Jet Airways after the airline’s Mumbai-Brussels flight, with 280 passengers on board, plunged 5,000 feet over Turkey last week. (Reuters)
New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:54 am
Although Jet Airways has blamed the “lack of clarity” in the government’s rules for its pilots flying even after their mandatory pilot proficiency checks (PPCs) had lapsed, an internal company memo shows the official concerned had drawn the attention of the management to the fact that pilots cannot fly till their PPC is renewed.
The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) had initiated an audit into Jet after the airline’s Mumbai-Brussels flight, with 280 passengers on board, plunged 5,000 feet over Turkey last week as one of the pilots had dozed off and the co-pilot was busy on an iPad.
A subsequent audit by DGCA found that 131 of the carrier’s pilots continued to fly despite their PPC having lapsed. While the DGCA has already removed the training head, action against the 131 pilots is expected soon. On September 5, it issued a show-cause notice to three Jet officials, including senior vice-president of flight operations Nikhil B Ved.
In a media statement last week, Jet attributed the lack of clarity in government rules relating to civil aviation requirements (CAR) as the reason for pilots continuing to fly. “Some of the (DGCA) audit findings have resulted due to a lack of clarity in the regulatory interpretation of the processes. The airline’s senior management will meet the DG and his team to discuss the ambiguity in some of the existing regulation and will work closely with DGCA to close all the findings. The airline welcomes the inputs of the regulator and confirms that it will comply with all established norms,” the statement had said.
However, FE has accessed an internal email by Jet’s manager (training and flight operations) clarifying the rules categorically to senior Jet officials. “With the new Training CAR effective September 1, 2013, included are guidelines to enable all personnel follow the regulatory requirements and monitor the validations in order to avoid lapses,” the email dated September 24, 2013 said. “PPC validity to date, No extension. If a pilot is unable to undergo PPC as per the validity he is to be assigned NTST (not to be scheduled) till such time he undergoes the PPC,” the mail had stated.
In response to an FE query regarding the internal memo clarifying the rules, a Jet spokesperson said, “We have already had a dialogue with DGCA officials and we will address the issues in our response to the DGCA.”
Industry officials speculate that the airline might have chosen to extend the PPC of the 131 pilots because of an acute shortage that would have affected its domestic and international operations. Moreover, the lease of the building where Jet had its pilot training simulators recently expired, forcing continued…

Indian Muslims will live and die for India: PM Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

GMR to build power plant in NepalUpdated: September 19, 2014 14:48 IST
GMR to build Nepal's largest hydro power plant
AP
Nepal’s government has endorsed plans for GMR to build the Himalayan nation’s largest hydro power plant in a small step toward easing chronic power shortages and attracting new investment, officials said on Friday.
The $1.15 billion Upper Karnali Hydro power plant would be the biggest private foreign investment in Nepal.
Govinda Pokhrel of Nepal’s Planning Commission said a Cabinet meeting endorsed a draft agreement late Thursday to allow the company to build the $1.15 billion power plant with a 900 megawatt capacity.
“This agreement would open the door for more foreign investment to enter Nepal to develop hydro power projects,” Mr. Pokhrel said.
GMR would take five years to build the plant, dam the Karnali River in north-western Nepal and construct transmission lines. It would operate the plant for 25 years and hand it over to Nepal at the end of the term.

Alliance tangle: Shiv Sena talks tough as BJP core committee meetsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

This MLA wipes his hands on ex-MPs sari  claims its a prankDinesh Rai, Neeta Pateriya at the function in Seoni.
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:17 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 7:51 pm
An MLA has landed in trouble after television cameras caught him wiping his hands on a former MP’s sari without her knowledge at a function in Madhya Pradesh.
The incident took place on Wednesday when Independent MLA Dinesh Rai and former Lok Sabha MP Neeta Pateriya shared the stage at a function in Seoni to distribute crop insurance money to farmers.
After TV channels repeatedly played the clip showing 44-year-old Rai wiping his hands on Pateriya’s sari, the MLA on Thursday tried to downplay the incident, saying he considered the former MP his bhabhi (sister-in-law), and that it was a “little prank”. But as criticism mounted, he was forced to apologise.
Pateriya, 51, initially said she was unaware of the MLA’s actions and said it was merely like a child playing a prank on his mother. Pateriya had defeated Rai in the 2008 Assembly elections.
Pateriya said his behaviour was objectionable and “he should have taken my permission if he wanted to use my pallu”.
She told The Indian Express that Rai called her twice to apologise, but she had left the decision (on whether or not to take legal action) to the BJP. The video clip also showed a few male politicians enjoying the MLA’s “prank”.
When contacted, Rai said, “I thought it was a little prank, but the media has maligned my character by depicting it in a different way. In the future, I will maintain a safe distance from all BJP workers and not enter their homes even to get rakhi tied lest I am accused of indecent behaviour.”
Saying that he will meet his supporters to discuss the incident, he added, “I will relinquish office if my voters feel I should… She (Pateriya) pardoned me first, but is now being instigated by BJP leaders in view of the upcoming municipal election.”

Chris So / Toronto Star via Getty Images filechris so / toronto star via getty images file
Sitharaman loses luggage  misses G20 receptionSitharaman loses luggage  misses G20 reception
BJP offers new proposal for seat sharing to Shiv SenaBJP offers new proposal for seat sharing to Shiv Sena
Cong slams manner of evicting formerMPsPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:40 am
AS the war of words between Ajit Singh and the government intensified over his eviction from 12, Tughlaq Road, the Congress on Friday refrained from supporting his demand for converting the house into a memorial to former Prime Minister Charan Singh. However, it attacked the government for the manner in which it evicted former lawmakers, calling it “reprehensible.”
Ajit Singh was a minister in the UPA government and his party RLD is an ally of the Congress. Surprisingly, while the Congress condemned the coercive eviction of former ministers and MPs, it did not endorse the demand for converting the bungalow into a memorial. It also virtually disapproved the street protests by RLD over the issue.
Former Union minister and Congress spokesperson Salman Khurshid said it is for those who wish to see the bungalow converted into a memorial to reach out to the government. “We are not there either to propagate or to respond,” he said.
Khurshid, however, came down heavily on the government for forcing people to vacate bungalows. “The manner in which it is being carried out is reprehensible and unbecoming of the government of a democratic country,” he said.
“The conduct towards people who have been in high office of this government is extremely unfair. It is unbecoming of the democracy of our kind to be switching off water and electricity to people who have been in high office…It is a very small issue which can be settled among people who have to implement the law and the people who are at the receiving end of implementation of the law,” he said.

Richard Verma named new US ambassador toIndiaPrint
Written by Shubhajit Roy | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:37 am
Indian-American Richard Rahul Verma was Friday nominated by US President Barack Obama as the next ambassador to India.
The move that comes ahead of PM Narendra Modi’s visit to the US next week is being seen as a positive signal since the US embassy is being headed by charge d’affaires Kathleen Stephens since June this year. Verma’s confirmation, however, is expected to take a while due to the current political situation in the US.
Verma’s is a typical story of an Indian immigrant family making it big in the US through hard work and ambition. His father arrived in the US in 1963 with just about USD 24, but made his son serve in the US air force, work in Capitol Hill and sent him to a law school.
In a speech published in a South Asian journal last year, Verma spoke about his parents being from partition-affected Punjab, their move to the US and their struggle as an immigrant family.
“My mother was born in what is today Pakistan. She was a product of the partition as her and her family would resettle in northern India shortly after 1947… My father was the only literate person in his family. He would be imprisoned as a teenager for protesting British occupation. My mother… would go on to get her master’s degree. And my dad would get his PhD, and become the first person in his family who could read and write,” his speech said.
“My dad, like other immigrants, left his wife and kids behind, to find a better opportunity, a better future. He arrived in New York City in 1963 with $24 dollars that he had borrowed, and a bus ticket to Northern Iowa… My mom and brothers and sisters would come over a few years later.
“I still recall…seeing my mom in her sari waiting for the bus to go to work in 20 degree temperatures…The times were hard. We had no money. The kids could be mean in school to this new immigrant family. But they persevered…they taught us to be proud of our roots,” the speech said.
Verma, who served as the assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs between 2009 and 2011, is now in the private sector. He is said to be a close confidant of the US President and also former US secretary of state Hillary Clinton. He is currently a senior counselor at Steptoe & Johnson LLP and Albright Stonebridge Group, and a senior national security fellow at the Center for American Progress.
Verma also served in the US Air Force between 1994 and 1998, for which he has received the Meritorious Service Medal and the Air Force Commendation Medal. Verma has also been a field representative for the National Democratic Institute in Eastern Europe and worked in the House of Representatives for Congressman John P Murtha.
Verma currently serves on the boards of Human Rights First, the Clinton Foundation, and the National Democratic Institute. He received a BS from Lehigh University, a JD from American University, and an LLM from continued…

Akhilesh thanks people for bypoll wins  labour dept for welfareschemesChief Minister Akhilesh Yadav distributes bicycles to labourers at his official residence in Lucknow on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Vishal Srivastav)
Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:59 am
Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav while expressing his gratitude to the people for winning bypolls launched a veiled attack on BJP leaders dressed in saffron robes.
“Our leaders worked a lot during the bypolls. I thank the people of the state. Some people were roaming by changing their clothes but they received good reply from the people,” Akhilesh said at the sidelines of a function organised by the Labour Department for launching welfare schemes at his official residence on Friday.
“Some people were talking about communalism, but they have been defeated,” he added.
Akhilesh also introduced newly elected MLA Nawab Jaan Khan from Thakurdwara and Bansidhar Baudh from Balha. The CM praised Baudh’s simplicity who still lives in a thatched roof house and had worked as a chowkidar and repaired cycle punctures. “His victory shows that even poor people can become MLAs. We are proud of his simplicity. Some media persons even published the picture of his house,” Akhilesh said.
He also introduced Vachaspati Pasi who won from Sirathu, saying he has won from a general seat.
Earlier, Akhilesh also praised the Labour Department for implementing various welfare schemes for labourers such as scholarship for their children, financial assistance to pregnant female workers, handicapped pension, assistance for funeral rites and compensation, free bicycles, creche for the children accompanying their labourer parents to the workplace, pension scheme, and assistance for serious ailments among others.
On the occasion, Akhilesh also handed over cheques of assistance to labourers for house construction and repairing. “This (labour) department was once considered a department where nothing gets done… I appreciate Labour Minister Shahid Manzoor for the work he has done,” the CM said.

The Nation is Watching. SoWhatWritten by Pratik Kanjilal | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:48 am
From politicians down to the political thug on  the street, the camera deters no one
First, the best news: A Ghaziabad policeman has been filmed challaning his wife for not wearing a helmet. India News had the story. Then the good news: India is no longer a supplier of exotic poverty and craziness in the international news market. RT (used to be Russia Today) had a story on ISIS which included a segment reported from India, which has become an emerging labour market for militancy, though it’s unlikely to display the scale of the UK, ever. And then the BBC picked up the tweetstorm after Deepika Padukone got enraged at The Times of India for a dumb tweet and the dumber justification for it.
And now the really bad news: The politics of hurt and angry Hindutva ventured by Yogi Adityanath (how many man-hours of stirring TV did he produce with his bare hands?) was consolidated by Sakshi Maharaj in Unnao, where he accused madrasas of being schools for terrorism. But then it was time for mere MPs to stand aside, for a minister was striding the stage: Maneka Gandhi had discovered links between terrorism and the meat trade. Love jihad plus beef jihad equals a communal joint venture that’s shooting for an IPO.
Channels began to issue caveats about their own coverage. News Nation and Live India clarified that their coverage of the issue was not intended to heighten communal feelings. News 24 asked why the minister was making statements; if she had evidence of meat funding terrorism, why didn’t she urge prosecution? And, of course, the by-election results suggest that the fake jihad business is highly unprofitable. But now, the BJP is preoccupied with damage control at Mathura, where Hema Malini has said that widows from Bihar and Bengal should stay home (“Nice temples there, too.”) instead of crowding Vrindavan.
Meanwhile, a week ago, the Home Minister was disarmingly clueless about love jihad at a press conference on the first 100 days of the government. Deja vu. This is precisely how the party used to rouse the rabble during its rise. In that activist phase, the rousing was done by cousins in the Sangh parivar, while the party, the head of the Hindu undivided family, denied all knowledge. Now, MPs and ministers with less important portfolios do the needful while the core ministers claim to be baffled. This sort of thing was inevitable when the BJP had almost no presence in electoral politics. With a clear mandate, it seems bizarre.
Universities are in the news, for disturbing reasons. The VHP and Bajrang Dal attacked Jawahar Kaul, a vice-chancellor in Ujjain, and put him in the ICU for seeking relief for Kashmiri students. In 2006, another Ujjain VC had died after suffering the attentions of the ABVP. Surprisingly, while all news media covered the incident, some seemed to have forgotten the lethal precedent.
Meanwhile, in Kolkata, police entered the campus of Jadavpur University and beat up students protesting for the safety of women. This occurred continued…

Scotland stays  but a less united UK aheadScotland stays  but a less united UK ahead
Icon and follower relationship my story: dear friend  i am...975 Followers
Dear rk jee and all Friends,
Firstly I`m very thankful to you all for having faith in me.Also greatful to almighty to make me able to help other.When I see life around myself my eyes fils with tear.An emotion which is unexplained and unimaginely mixed.
At one hand I feel greatful to all mighty that I am human being not anything else, I am physically able, not anything else and I am capable of looking after myself and in certain extent people around myself.Just thought of such philosophy makes me humble.Keeps me grounded.
On the other hand when I feel tired, exhausted, lack certain knowledge, lack certain capability , lack certain achievement or say lack certain physical,personal or materialistic thing which at times I am not able to achieve or fulfil despite my best effort I ask my lordship why???
Such a situation of helplessness and acknowledgement of limit of human capacity again keeps me grounded and humble.Hereby although I learn from books and various method but coming close to God has changed the way I live, the way my thought process is evolved.More than persistence of life now it has become a meaning of my existence.
In my though process it is always there that I cannot guarantee what will happen next millisecond.Example just take it from MMB I donot know who I will interact next day or minute on MMB.Such is the thing in life as well.Therefore I wonder HOW MUCH WE ARE LOST and keep on doing irrelevant thing.I think basic philosophy of path of god is to be dutiful, honest and become a GIVER, To be always innovative.Because if you don`t god will take it back by one or other meaning.
ONE WHO GIVES ARE BLESSED.A BLESSED ONE IS AT PEACE.ONE CAN BE AT PEACE ONLY WHEN HE HAS ATTAINED SUPREME TRANQUILITY OF MIND,A STATE OF MEANINGFUL SELFLESSNESS.Only such life is happy and above all dear to god as well.
I am at reasonable level peace as I am progressing towards and striving for full PEACE.This why I say to people that I donot have competition with any one.I compete with myself to follow the path of almighty.
As per our own ancient teaching KARMA is PRADHAN.A GREAT KARMA is even GREATER than DHARMA.Our beloved god has said that if you donot know even ABC of life or spirituality JUST KEEP DOING YOUR KARMA and fullfill your OBLIGATIONS you will attain MOKSHA.Today I am trying to balance it.I am sorry I am away from the board a liitle bit but again I have a bit of obligation to complete my education and feed my family and look after my company affairs.So I am trying to be there.Alhough I apologise not to be here all the time but I will try my best to help you all and guide.By doing so actually I favour myself.Because you all bless.NO ACHIEVEMENT IS GREATER THAN BEING BLESSED BY YOU ALL.It is DIRECTKY PROPORTIONAL TO MY HAPPINESS.So I am here for you all.
I FOLLOW YOU ALL WHO FOLLOWS ME.I think god has created us all equall.Now it is our KARMA where we are in relation to ther people or things.So mere mortal like me why discriminate.So I am equally humble and respectful to you all and at least as reciprocal manner I follow you all.
I am truly humbled by your love and respect.But in line with my policy I appeal to you all that no need for saying SIR.You love is enough.If you will simply say me "Raj" I will still be there for you with equal zeal.Respect dil se hoti hai.I am much humbled and thankful to all again.
Now I am sory I am not with you due to prior commitment.Market is over heated.As I wrote earlier that prices have gone over the board it had jumped at least 200 to 600%.in some cases even 1000%.I do my analysis, I can say with full confidence that what has changed on ground NOTHING!!!
I am a faint hearted person, grew up from middleclass boing a window shopping.Today I am capable of shop inside if not all but almost all shop.By being IRRESPONSIBLE and doing ERRATIC behaviour or by being AN ADDICT OF A,B or C things I donot want to lose privlage which almighty have provided to me albeit coupled with my hard work.So I am slow and only investing in reasonable stock which has not rallied yet.Doing a trading on other if I feel confident backed by own research.All you need is A COUPLE OF GOOD STOCK and WHOLE BUNCH OF PATIENCE.Yahan logoon ke paas paisa hai but patience nahee so they lose.I cannot afford to lose so I stay at "P for Patience side"
While I was writing this P I could recall my principle of 7P`s just thought I will share again with you all.
I say RAJ is not there where following 7P`s are not:
P................Peace of Mind

Yeah dear pratikrathi. thanx and really it is party time for granules ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

This selective outrageCases of bigamy under the shelter of false “conversion” continue unabated.
Written by Tahir Mahmood | Posted: September 19, 2014 1:03 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 8:12 am
Ever heard of a Hindu religious leader or politician protesting against the practice of married men within their community deceitfully becoming “Muslims” to be able to wed again? Those raising the bogey of “love jihad” should put their own house in order before raising a hue and cry at Cupid-stricken unmarried girls and boys who dare go for inter-religious marriages that are absolutely valid under the country’s Constitution and law.
On February 27, 1978, Jitender Mathur married Meena Kumari and over the next decade, she bore him three children. Then, in January 1988, Jitender secretly married one Sunita Narula. To facilitate the second marriage, both he and Sunita quietly “converted” to Islam under the mistaken belief, wholly unwarranted under true Islamic law, that this would give him a licence to indulge in bigamy and escape the anti-bigamy provisions of the Indian Penal Code. Within four months, Jitender “reconverted” to Hinduism and returned to his first wife. Sunita later bore him a child and had to turn to the court to secure subsistence for her newborn.
In a second case, in November 1988, Pradeep Kumar married Geeta Rani. Three years later, he eloped with Deepa. Both he and Deepa “converted” to Islam and instantaneously became husband and wife through nikah. In a third case, one G.C. Ghosh married Sushmita in May 1984. Eight years later, he decided to marry Vanita Gupta. To avoid prosecution for bigamy, he too announced conversion to Islam.
These are not fairy tales or hearsay but legally proven facts recorded in Sarla Mudgal vs Union of India, decided by the Supreme Court in May 1995. All three women involved in these cases had approached various lower courts for relief. Meena and Geeta had discovered the facts after their husbands’ second marriages and wanted them to be declared null and void. Sushmita, on the other hand, had learned of her husband’s intentions beforehand and sought a court order restraining him from marrying again. Unsatisfied by the judicial verdicts up to the high court level, all three, along with a social welfare organisation, appealed for justice to the apex court.
The SC decided that Jitender’s marriage to Sunita and Pradeep’s to Deepa were illegal and constituted an offence punishable under the provisions of the IPC. On Sushmita’s plea, the court’s verdict was that, despite his pretend “conversion” to Islam, her husband could not marry again without legally dissolving his marriage to her, and that if he did, the second marriage would be void and penal. The ruling conformed to Islamic teachings. Embracing Islam for the sake of marriage is the worst form of munafiqat (hypocrisy) and violates the Prophet’s edict that “intention is decisive for judging the validity of every action.”
Ghosh then mustered the support of some Muslim religious bodies by assuring them that his conversion was “genuine” and truly for the love of Islam. With them, he approached the SC for a revision of its Sarla Mudgal ruling on the ground that it adversely affected the citizen’s fundamental right to freedom of religion. The court only reaffirmed, in Lily Thomas vs Union of India, that the Sarla Mudgal judgment held and that all cases of bigamy through the conversion route would entail penal consequences.
Meena, Geeta and Sushmita were not the first to be treated badly by their husbands. The Hindu Marriage Act prohibited bigamy in 1955, which Hindu religious law did not, and made the IPC provision on anti-bigamy applicable to Hindus. Ever since, married men covered by the act have been fraudulently “converting” to Islam under a mistaken belief that this would rescue them from the penalties prescribed by law.
The SC rulings in Sarla Mudgal and Lily Thomas have not stopped the horrendous practice of married men committing fraud. Cases of bigamy under the shelter of false “conversion” continue unabated. The law laid down by the court continues to be shamelessly violated even by lawyers and state dignitaries. The 2008 case of a deputy chief minister of Haryana, Chander Mohan, duping his Hindu wife to marry his assistant advocate general, Anuradha Bali — with both “converting” to Islam and becoming “Chand Mohammad” and “Fiza” — is still in the public consciousness. In this case, while Chand Mohammad soon returned to being Chander Mohan and to his first wife, Anuradha alias Fiza apparently committed suicide.
While the practice of married men wedding again under the camouflage of conversion is punishable under Indian law, conversion is legally quite unnecessary for unmarried boys and girls of different faiths wishing to inter-marry. We do have a law for civil marriage, under which two persons following different religions can become husband and wife without hindrance. Conversion must be discouraged in cases when a person converts not voluntarily but to satisfy religious-minded and tradition-bound parents.
The writer is a former chair of the National Minorities Commission and ex-member, Law Commission of India
Embracing Islam for the sake of marriage is the worst form of ‘munafiqat’ (hypocrisy).

India Inc most optimistic among Asian corpo...China
(Domestic companies are…)
MUMBAI: Despite a fall in overall business sentiment across Asia after the slowdown in China and Singapore, India Inc is still riding high on optimism with a latest survey showing it topping the optimism chart.
Domestic companies are the most positive with a maximum score of 100 for the second consecutive quarter after Narendra Modi was elected Prime Minister, according to Thomson Reuters/Insead Asia Business Sentiment survey released here today.
The survey polled 15 domestic companies and all of them are positive about their outlook.
This is in sharp contrast to the steep fall in business sentiment among Asia's top companies in the third quarter, weighed down by worries about Chinese slowdown, an end to the US Fed's stimulus and a decline in the outlook for regional economic hubs like Singapore, the survey said.
The sentiment index fell to 66 in the third quarter from 74 in the previous quarter as a whole in Asia, its steepest decline in three years, it added.
However, it is still positive as a reading above 50 indicates an overall positive outlook.
While Thailand is the second most positive with a score of 90, the worst sentiment is in Taiwan, which scored only 33, while China dropped to 50 from 67 and Singapore also showed a sharp drop from 67 to 50.
The survey pooled 200 of Asia-Pacific region's top companies in 11 economies across sectors including financials, property, resources and technology between September 1 and September 12.
Of the 120 companies which responded, 64 per cent reported a neutral outlook, while 34 per cent said they had a positive outlook and 1.67 per cent were negative.
FEATURED ARTICLES

First thing we do is kill all the lawyer licensing rulesComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

ICRA upgrades Jet Airways credit ratingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Horror and few answers in small Florida town after man kills his daughter and six grandchildrenBy Mark Berman September 19 Follow @markberman
Residents of Bell, Fla., hold a vigil at their high school football game a day after a man shot and killed his daughter and six grandchildren before committing suicide. (Reuters)
On Thursday, in the small Florida town of Bell, a man named Don Spirit shot and killed seven people — specifically, his daughter and six grandchildren — before taking his own life, according to police .
No motive was given for the gruesome scene. Authorities said the children who were killed ranged in age from just under 3 months (Alanna Stewart was born on June 28, just 82 days before the shooting) to 11 years (Kaleb Kuhlmann). Sarah Spirit, mother to the six children, was 28.
A sheriff’s vehicle on the road leading to the scene. (Barbara Liston/Reuters)
“We have no indication of what caused this man to do what he did,” Robert D. Schultz III, sheriff of Gilchrist County, said at a news conference. He said there had been no “signs or indications” suggesting that such a thing was possible.
Spirit, 61, had spent three years in prison for shooting and killing his 8-year-old son in a hunting accident, and “they should not have let him out of prison the first time,” a distant cousin told the Orlando Sentinel . He was released from prison in 2006 after serving just under three years, according to the Florida Department of Corrections database.
Don Spirit in 2001. (Florida Department of Corrections via Reuters)
The shooting took place in Bell, a rural town with about 450 residents that is not near much of anything. It is almost equally far from Orlando, Tampa, Jacksonville and Tallahassee, the state capital. The closest place of note is the University of Florida, which is about 40 miles southwest of where the shooting took place. Police on Thursday cordoned off a tree-lined dirt road leading to the house where the shooting occurred, a brutal spasm of violence that erupted in an otherwise quiet area.
The first sheriff’s deputy who arrived at the home spoke with Spirit before he killed himself, the sheriff’s office said. Police initially declined to say whether a gun was used, but the Gilchrist County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that “multiple victims with apparent gunshot wounds” were found inside the home where this occurred.
While the precise circumstances of this situation – a man allegedly shooting and killing his child and grandchildren in a horrific mass murder — are unusual, murders involving family members killing other family members are not terribly rare. At least 1 in 4 murder victims were killed by family members in 2011, according to the FBI’s Uniform Crime Report. (More than half of homicide victims that year were killed by someone they knew.) A fifth of people killed by family members were children, a  Justice Department report  studying homicide trends between 1980 and 2008 found.
Still, the exact details about what happened in this case were scarce. As Gov. Rick Scott came to the area and as children in Bell went back to schools filled with grief counselors, authorities were still warning that some things could never be fully known about what happened.
“There’s still a lot of unanswered questions that we have,” Schultz said during a news conference. “There’s going to be questions that we’re never going to get answered.”
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

U.S. information chief joins response to Ebola outbreakU.S. information chief joins response to Ebola outbreak
Buy SBI: target of Rs 2695; IIFLBuy SBI: target of Rs 2695; IIFL
Alibaba surges 38% on massive demand in market debutAlibaba surges 38% on massive demand in market debut
Faruqi & Faruqi  LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In Excess Of $100 000 Investing In ITT Educational..Faruqi & Faruqi  LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In Excess Of $100 000 Investing In ITT Educational..
Ellison quits as CEOEllison quits as CEO
Kharif crop output likely to decrease 7% this yearKharif crop output likely to decrease 7% this year
Xi jinping India visitindia-china-sign...    Cached
India, China sign three MoUs in Ahmedabad during President Xi Jinping's visit Sep 17, 6:13 pm ... President Xi, who is on a three-day visit to India, ...
Also Try

Scotland independence voteindependence_referendum,_2014    Cached
The Scottish independence referendum was a referendum on Scottish independence that took place in Scotland on 18 September 2014. The independence referendum question ...
www.scotreferendum.com    Cached
From the blog First Minister on Referendum Outcome September 19, 2014. Thank you Scotland for 1.6 million votes for Scottish independence. Our friends in the ...

Prashant Bhushan Supreme Court-court/1/212499.html    Cached
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha came out with all guns blazing in the Supreme Court on Tuesday to defend himself in a case pertaining to the visitors' diary, maintained at ...

Bang Bang title trackbang-title-track...    Cached
New Delhi: After ruling the music charts with #TuMeri’ and #Meherbaan, the makers of ‘Bang Bang’ raised the temp with the release of the third song, the title ...
More search results

Xi Jinping keeps tradition alive  meets family of Dr Dwarkanath KotnisPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 3:15 pm
It has been a tradition with visiting Chinese leaders to meet the family of Dr Dwarkanath Kotnis and President Xi Jinping followed it by meeting the sister of the famed physician and recalling “the fine representative who gave his precious life in China”.
For the meeting, the Chinese Consulate-General in Mumbai specially flew Kotnis’s 93-year-old sister Manorama, who is wheel chair bound, and her family to Delhi so that Xi could meet and felicitate her.
Dr Kotnis, who is revered in China for his contributions, was an Indian physician who died while treating Chinese soldiers during the second China-Japan war in 1942.
“In the critical hour of Chinese people’s war with Japanese aggression, the Indian medical mission travelled thousands of miles to assist us and fought shoulder to shoulder with people of my father’s generation against Japanese fascists. The fine representative, young Dr Kotnis gave his precious life in China.
“General Mao Zedong once wrote in his honour ‘The Chinese army has lot a helping hand, the nation a friend. Let us always bear in mind his international spirit,’” Xi said, remembering Kotnis.
Appreciating the gesture of the Chinese leadership who keeps meeting the family till date, Manorama, who has partially lost her vision, said, “Even when a new Consul-General takes charge in Mumbai, he comes to visit the family of Dr Kotnis.”
“Till now, our extended family has visited China 20 times. They have maintained the warmth for all these years,” said Rajan Borkar, son-in-law of Kotni’s elder brother, whose family now takes care of Manorama.
Kotnis went to China in 1937 as part of an Indian medical mission after China was invaded by Japan. He served on the battlefield and saved lives of many Chinese soldiers. After working for four years in China, he fell ill and died at a young age of 32.
In China, Kotnis fell in love and married a Chinese nurse who worked with him. Quo Qinglan, who remained in China, died in 2012 in the city of Dalian. They also had a son, who was studying to become a doctor but he died when he was 24.
This is not a first time that a visiting Chinese leader has met the family of Kotnis. Last year, Premier Li Keqiang had met his family.
In 2006, when Chinese President Hu Jintao visited India, he met the family. In the past, the Kotnis family met with then premier Zhou Enlai in 1950, followed by president Jiang Zemin in 1996.

Centre joins hands with Bill & Milinda Gates Foundation for universal sanitationPrint
Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu talks to Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 5:32 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 5:33 pm
With the objective of addressing sanitation related health concerns, the Urban Development Ministry and the Bill & Milinda Gates Foundation have agreed on a partnership to promote user friendly toilets to ensure universal sanitation in the country.
During a meeting with Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu here, Bill Gates enquired about the government’s sanitation initiatives.
Naidu apprised Gates about the government’s initiatives to ensure housing for all by 2022 and that ‘Swachchh Bharat Mission’ would be launched on October 2 this year, under which every household is to be enabled with toilet facility by 2019.
Naidu said that under the new housing initiative, every affordable house to be constructed in urban areas would be provided with toilet facilities. He said at present about 12 million urban households do not have toilet facilities.
Naidu said the government would like to benefit from the initiatives and experience of the Gates Foundation, since about three crore new houses are to be constructed in urban areas alone to address housing shortage, particularly for the economically weaker sections and low income groups.
He said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has accorded top priority to ensuring universal sanitation in the country.
Appreciating India’s focus on improving sanitation in the country, Gates said the Foundation’s core competency is research and technology promotion, and it would like to share them with the government. Gates stressed on promoting quality and user friendly toilets to ensure their proper use.
Further to the discussions, it has been agreed that the Ministry and the Gates Foundation would cooperate in four areas – innovative technology demonstration in respect of toilets and sewage management, promoting decentralised sewerage systems that enable disposal of sewage at habitation level rather than pooling of sewage, capacity building in sanitation sector, and promoting use of toilets.
Naidu has complimented Gates for his philanthropic initiatives seeking primarily to address basic needs of the people across the world. “Acquiring wealth through hard work and enterprise is noteworthy but serving humanity using it is nobler and you are a shining example in this regard,” Naidu told Gates.
Under Swachchh Bharat Mission to be launched on Oct 02,  every household is to be enabled with toilet facility by 2019.

Advertising Industry watchdog ASCI backed by MCIE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

GTL Infra shares rally 5 pc on tower deal with Reliance JioE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s forex reserves down USD 1.61 bn to USD 315.69 bnE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

High level panel recommends green nod to WBMDTC mining projectE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rain deficit may hit kharif foodgrains output by 7%Rain deficit may hit kharif foodgrains output by 7%
To enjoy the real fruit of dhunseri petrochem ne needs to be patient a...58 Followers
Reposted about 62 days 1 hr 45 min 1 sec ago by skyhigh74
To enjoy the real fruit of Dhunseri Petrochem ne needs to be patient and wait for the PET demand cycle to turn.Once it turns the stock can reach 4 figures also.At this time the arbitrageurs are selling and the weak hands are getting shaken out.The near term things ate not going well for Dhunseri but if you consider things from a slightly longer perspective this is an excellent time to buy.As a matter of fact this reminds me of Ricoh india where long term investors got shares at very cheap rates from arbitrageurs who sold when the delisting failed as well as the weak hands who sold in panic. Looking at the replacement cost  of similar capacities what Dhunseri has created the fair value is not less than Rs 500. For example if Reliance were to make an acqisition offer to Dhunseri, i doubt if Dhunseri promoters would value it less than Rs 500 a share notwithstanding  the enormous debt that still stands on the books taken to build these capacities. Fundamentally , Dhunseri is at a weak point currently as it has already spent a huge amount in building capacities without diluting any equity and taking on huge debt. Currently the demand cycle is weak and the Egyptian plant is facing issues of demand and the issues which a plant faces in the beginning when it starts. But my overall sense still is that the stock is hugely undervalued and is  on its way to reach 500 within a year or two.

When music stops for Oracle CEO dance  Catz may grab Larry Ellison s chair- analystsWhen music stops for Oracle CEO dance, Catz may grab Larry Ellison's chair- analysts
Reuters | New York | Published:  Sep 20 2014, 06:04  IST
Sep 20 2014, 06:04  IST
 

GTL Infra up 5% on tower deal with Reliance JioYou are here: Home > Collections
GTL Infrastructure rallies 5% on tower deal with Reliance Jio
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 09.39AM IST
Tags:
Business Partnership
(GTL Infrastructure Ltd…)
NEW DELHI: GTL Infrastructure Ltd rallied as much as 4.98 per cent in trade on Friday after Reliance Jio Infocomm has signed yet another deal to rent telecom towers as the Reliance Industries unit gets infrastructure ready to roll out high-speed data and voice communication services some time next year.
At 09:30 a.m.; GTL Infrastructure was locked in upper circuit at Rs 3.16, up 4.98 per cent.
Reliance Jio's deal with GTL Infrastructure is at least its eighth to share telecom infrastructure. While Reliance Jio and GTL didn't specify details of the deal, a person familiar with the matter said Reliance Jio will rent 2,000 towers by September-end and another 8,000 over the next six to eight months, ET Reported.
GTL has more than 30,000 towers in total.
As per the report, Reliance Jio plans to lease around 70,000 towers and put up 30,000 of its own, including small cell sites on single poles, as it aims to launch fourthgeneration data and voice services.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba debuts with a bang on Wall Street  stock lists at $92.70/shareYou are here: Home > Collections
Alibaba debuts with a bang on Wall Street, stock lists at $92.70/share
Agencies Sep 20, 2014, 01.19AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba Group Holding Inc
(Alibaba Group Holding's…)
NEW YORK: Alibaba Group Holding's shares surged by more than 40% on their first day of trading on Friday as investors jumped in to buy what looks likely to be the largest IPO in history.
More than two hours after trading began at the New York Stock Exchange, the stock opened at $92.70 and rose from there, hitting a high of $99.70 in active trading, during which more than 100 million shares change hands in composite trading in the first 10 minutes of trading.
Its spectacular debut ensured that Alibaba comfortably surpassed Facebook by market capitalisation on its first trade as a public company for a valuation of more than $200 billion. The Chinese ecommerce company now trails only Google, Apple and Microsoft Corp in size among UStraded technology companies. "This is by far the biggest IPO event-extravaganza that we've had," said a trader.
The pricing on Thursday initially raised $21.8 billion for Alibaba. Scott Cutler, head of the New York Stock Exchange's global listing business, said underwriters would exercise their option for an additional 48 million shares, to bring the IPO's size to about $25 billion, making it the largest IPO in history.
The sale values the company at about $168 billion, more than American icons such as Walt Disney and Coca-Cola. Should the stock close at $98 on its first day, it would be worth about $241 billion, nearly the value of Walmart Stores.
Jack Ma, a former English teacher, founded Alibaba in 1999 in his apartment. His personal fortune is more than $14 billion on paper, vaulting him into the ranks of such tech billionaires as Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos. The deal is also expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of the company's managers, software engineers and other staff. The rise in the stock exceeds the average gain by new IPOs on US exchanges of late. In the second quarter, the average first-day gain was 9.2%, according to Renaissance Capital IPO Intelligence.
Underwriters usually aim for a gain of 10-15% on the first day. Demand was intense among the retail investor crowd as well. JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at retail brokerage TD Ameritrade Holding Corp, said the company received customer orders amounting to about 70% of what it saw for Facebook, and about three times the customer orders it had for Twitter's IPO.
With underwriters electing to sell more shares, the company's IPO becomes the largest in history, surpassing Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's $22.1 billion listing in 2010.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US ready to carry out military strikes again...You are here: Home > Collections > Strategy
US ready to carry out military strikes against IS in Syria
PTI Sep 20, 2014, 01.15AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
("It will be unified, cohesive,…)
WASHINGTON: The US is prepared to carry out military strikes in Syria against the dreaded Islamic State (IS) terror group, National Security Advisor Susan Rice said today but added that the timing of such a move would not be made public.
"We have been clear, and the (US) President has outlined, that his strategy entails not only broadening the effort against IS in Iraq and going on the offensive in support of Iraqi forces against IS in Iraq, but it will necessarily, in all likelihood, involve action in Syria, and he has said he is prepared to take that action," Rice said.
"I don't think it would be appropriate or wise for me to telegraph from the podium exactly when that will occur, and what steps may need to be taken before that is to occur," she said refusing any further details of the imminent US actions against IS in Syria.
"I'm not going to give you any precision or prediction on when that might occur. Obviously we are working every day to build the coalition, that we're making good progress in that regard. There are other elements of the comprehensive approach that we're pulling together that are important aspects of the overall strategy," she said.
Rice said the US continues to implement its strategy to go on the offensive against IS.
"We're focusing on multiple lines of effort, including using our unique military capabilities to deny IS safe haven and building the international coalition to support our efforts," she said.
"Our strategy does not involve US troops on the ground in a combat role in either Iraq or Syria, and no US troops will be in Syria as part of the train-and-equip programme. This programme will be hosted outside of Syria in partnership with neighboring countries," Rice told White House reporters.
To date, more than 40 countries have offered assistance. "We are particularly pleased that France has joined us in conducting airstrikes in Iraq, and there are many other countries from the region and beyond offering other important assistance," she added.
Rice said it would be a unified international coalition. "I don't think we're going to have a bifurcated coalition. This will be a unified coalition. It's one operation. It'll be under a common command. We will continue to welcome the involvement of partners who will make different contributions, based on their capacity, based on their varying political circumstances," she said.
"It will be unified, it will be cohesive, and it will be under one single command authority," Rice the US National Security Advisor said in response to a question.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No vote demands a new settlement for UKScotland’s vote demands a new settlement for UK
Relief at result must not hide the need for constitutional reform
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e762833e-3fec-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India Inc s rich talk philanthropy with Bill...India Inc honchos to talk philanthropy with Bill Gates at an event hosted by Azim Premji
ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Azim Premji
BANGALORE: Wipro's billionaire founder Azim Premji and some of India's wealthiest people will get together in Bangalore to talk philanthropy with Microsoft founder Bill Gates, who has donated more than $1 billion to support social causes in India.
At a private event hosted by Premji, the first Indian to join Bill Gates and Warren Buffett's Giving Pledge club, they will discuss how to put their wealth to work on social causes. "The basic theme is to make the world a better place," said Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, chief of Bangalore-based pharmaceutical company Biocon. "We all have been fortunate to have wealth. We want to tell other wealthy to share with (the) community and (want) more people to be philanthropic."
Premji, 69, signed the Giving Pledge in 2013, donating more than 20% of his stake in the software exporter to Azim Premji Foundation, which works in the education sector. In 2012, a similar event was hosted by Premji, Gates and Ratan Tata to discuss philanthropy in the areas of education, healthcare, water and agriculture.
Cyrus Mistry of the Tata Group, GMR Group's GM Rao, GVK Reddy from the GVK Group, Infosys co-founders S Gopalakrishnan and Nandan Nilekani, Naveen Jindal of Jindal Steel & Power, Airtel Chairman Sunil Mittal and VG Sidhartha of Cafe Coffee Day were among those who attended that meeting.
"This is a private meeting, so we can't share any details," said Anurag Behar, chief executive of the Azim Premji Foundation, on the latest event. The idea is to have candid conversations among participants, away from public glare.
"All of us are meeting to learn from each other," said Rohini Nilekani, founder of Arghyam, a not-for-profit that works in the area of water, and wife of Nandan Nilekani. "It's important for philanthropy in India." Earlier this year, Premji hired Amnesty India head G Ananthapadmanabhan to look at grants for external agencies. Premji has a net worth of $16.7 billion, making him the third-richest in India, according to the Forbes Rich List.
Bill Gates and wife Melinda, who met Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday, started their trip to India earlier this week. In a blog post citing India's achievement in polio eradication and works on rotavirus, which kills over 100,000 children in the country every year, Gates wrote all these add up to "a pivotal moment for India".
Gates, who also met political leaders such as Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari and Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu, announced $700,000 towards flood relief in Jammu & Kashmir.
Gates counted health, sanitation and financial inclusion among some of the priority areas for the country. "We hope to talk with India's leaders about how we might help accomplish some of their goals," he wrote. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which started working in India in 2003, has contributed nearly $1 billion to projects in areas such as HIV/Aids prevention and polio eradication.
  India has the sixth-largest billionaire population with a combined net worth of more than $175 billion, according to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014."Philanthropic donations do not seem to be raising enough funds to solve some of the toughest problems our world faces," said Subhash Dhar, founder of Gudville, a private social network to discover and share causes. "We have to find ways to connect causes to our mainstream economy."
However, philanthropy among wealthy Indians has been on the rise. Some of the biggest donors include HCL Group founder Shiv Nadar, Infosys co-founders Nilekani and Gopalakrishnan, and GMR's Rao. Gopalakrishnan recently set aside Rs 225 crore to set up a centre for brain research at the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore, the largest donation from an individual the institute has ever received.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1wxTVtIFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
New indictment against ex-BP exec
A federal grand jury has issued a new indictment against a former BP executive charged with obstructing a congressional investigation into the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
Post to Facebook
New indictment against ex-BP exec A federal grand jury has issued a new indictment against a former BP executive charged with obstructing a congressional investigation into the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1ul6zuc
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
New indictment against ex-BP exec
AP 8:08 p.m. EDT September 19, 2014
A sign for a BP filling station in London.
(Photo: Oli Scarff, Getty Images)
26 CONNECT 26 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW ORLEANS — A federal grand jury has issued a new indictment against a former BP executive charged with obstructing a congressional investigation into the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
Friday's superseding indictment makes adjustments to existing obstruction of Congress and false statement charges against David Rainey, who faces a March 9 trial. It follows months of appeals over whether Rainey could be tried on the obstruction charge. Ultimately, an appeals court said that he could.
Prosecutors allege that Rainey — during a May 2010 congressional briefing — failed to disclose information about the rate that oil was spewing from BP's blown-out well following the Deepwater Horizon rig explosion.
They also claim Rainey gave false information to a subcommittee chairman. Rainey has pleaded not guilty.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ul6zuc
USA NOW
Three grandmas smoke weed for first time
Nov 22, 2014

SC wants to know Centre s stand on gas pricingSC wants to know Centre s stand on gas pricing
Selling womens wear online a different ball...You are here: Home > Collections
Selling women’s wear online a different ball game, companies have learnt that hard way
Rasul Bailay, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arvind Singhal
(Sizes are an issue initially,…)
NEW DELHI: "Hi, your six body woes fixed," says the mailer from the ecommerce site. Regardless of how much you measure bust-wise or around the waist, or even if you have "wobbly arms", there's a dress just for you because "no body is perfect". Size really does matter, online retailers have come to realise.
While they've made deep inroads into selling electronics and books, ecommerce sites have figured out the hard way that selling women's wear online is a different ball game. Some brand owners actually don't think it will work because Indian women have body types that differ sharply from western ones, but others are working hard at solutions to crack the market. Adding to the difficulty is the lack of standardisation — one brand's size X differs from that of another.
A prominent American lingerie brand planning to enter India through ecommerce, avoiding the brick and mortar route, ran into this when it found that samples sent to India were inadequate. The company is now despatching bigger sizes to conduct fit tests before launching its products later this year. "The Indian body shape is different to the western body shape, so doing a fit test is extremely critical before you launch," says Nitin Chhabra, chief executive of ecommerce consultancy firm Ace Turtle, which is advising the US lingerie brand. "When we did the sample fit test, we found that the bra was not really fitting." He declined to identify the brand.
Biji Paul, a New Delhi homemaker, has actually stopped buying clothes online because they seldom fit her properly and she finds the returns process too tedious. She's sticking to traditional brick and mortar. On the other hand, Mansi Tiwari in Bhopal swears by online.
Sizes are an issue initially, especially when trying new brands, but reverse pickups are arranged in a day by online retailers. "Definitely, there's trial and error but exchanges happen easily." Besides, she points out, there's really no other option because Bhopal stores won't carry those brands or styles.
Clearly, there's huge market potential. Already, at the end of FY2014, fashion and lifestyle comprised 25% of India's $2.3 billion online retail business while electronics commanded a share of about 30%, according to retail consultancy Technopak Advisors. Fashion and lifestyle is expected to grow annually at 20-25% and the segment is expected to increase its share of India's overall online retail market to about 30% by 2019, by when the ecommerce total could be worth anywhere between $19 billion and $38 billion.
To be sure, the ability to drape different body shapes is part of what it means to be a successful global garment marketer--witness the Levi's Curve campaign, for instance. And, some experts are sceptical about whether this actually should constitute a hurdle at all.
"It is not a challenge and it was never a challenge. Human bodies in any part of the world are different. If someone says American bodies are uniform or British bodies are uniform, it completely misses the point because you have all types and shapes in every country anywhere in the world," says Arvind Singhal, chairman of Technopak Advisors.
"So, this was a myth being created earlier and it has been completely debunked by the success of brands like Zara, Mango and Forever 21." The solution, according to ecommerce site Fashionara.com, is to get as much detail as possible.
"We recognize that we are in the early stages of our venture so what we have done is that for every garment we sell on our site, we go deeper into measuring all those aspects including waist, chest, neck sizes, sleeve size," says Darpan Munjal, co-founder of Fashionara.com.
"You will see the chart we show on our site go into much depth than what a typical brand would carry on its label."Fashionara's customers have the option of ordering three different sizes to try at home and picking the one that fits. Almost 70% of consumers opt for this in the cities where the company offers this service, Munjal says.
Some companies that don't provide such facilities are grappling with higher return rates. Currently, almost a quarter of the orders on major e-commerce companies are returned and half of them comprise apparel sent back due to size issues, says Praveen Sinha, founder of Jabong.com.
  "Size is a challenge whether it is online or offline. Offline you can go for a trial," points out Ganesh Subramanian, chief operating officer of Myntra.com, which is being taken over by Flipkart, India's biggest online retailer.
Myntra is planning to introduce virtual measurement technology that will automatically convert the customer's known sizes.
"We are trying to provide a size comparison tool of brand A to brand B," says Subramanian. "It will ask what brand and which size fits you and ask what brand the consumer is looking at and it will recommend what size of that brand will fit the consumer."

All round reco has come with short term target of 210.wait and watch t...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Is this crashing or price getting adjusted for demergerCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

This is what i mean to convey please maintain decorum don`t call names...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Cost of inputs  high finance costs and foreign exchange fluctuation an...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Auditors see more delay for DHS headquartersBy Jerry Markon September 19 Follow @JerryMarkon
The construction of a massive new headquarters for the Department of Homeland Security, already more than $1.5 billion over budget and 11 years behind schedule, may face even more overruns and missed deadlines because the government has still not developed reliable cost estimates, federal auditors said Friday.
In a report to Congress, the U.S. Government Accountability Office said DHS and the General Services Administration should consider alternatives to the plan to locate the headquarters complex on the grounds of St. Elizabeths, a onetime insane asylum with a panoramic view of the District. The project, billed as critical for national security and the revitalization of Southeast Washington, calls for renovating dozens of historic buildings, but it has been starved of funds and only one new structure has opened.
“Creating reliable cost and schedule estimates for the headquarters consolidation project should be an integral part of DHS and GSA efforts to reassess the project,’’ the report said. “Without this information… the project risks potential cost overruns, missed deadlines, and performance shortfalls.’’
Republicans seized on the 77-page document at a House homeland security subcommittee hearing Friday, saying the project should be reevaluated at a time of fiscal austerity and its funding steered to other DHS priorities such as border security.
“I think Americans would love to see us redirect some of these resources,’’ said  Rep. Jeff Duncan (R-S.C.), chairman of the homeland security committee’s oversight subcommittee. “We need to prioritize where we spend our taxpayer dollars.’’
DHS and GSA officials defended the project, urging the subcommittee to fully fund it and saying it would save money in the long term because DHS could get out of expensive leases it is paying to house pieces of the department around the Washington are. “When we receive  consistent funding, we can deliver on time and on budget,’’ said Chris Cummiskey, DHS’s acting undersecretary for management.
Senate Democrats on Friday offered strong support of the St. Elizabeths plan, which was developed by the George W. Bush administration soon after DHS was created in the wake of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
In what amounted to a dueling report, Democrats on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee released a document calling the headquarters consolidation a top priority.
Their document emphasized that DHS operates out of more than 50 facilities around the Washington area, making it difficult to fulfill the agency’s mission of protecting the homeland from terrorism and responding to natural disasters. DHS has long cited this unwieldy structure to support St. Elizabeths, with officials saying logistical problems slowed the government response to Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and to various terrorist plots.
“The Department’s ability to accomplish its mission, promote employee productivity, and communicate within its components remains difficult. We need to fix this,’’ said the Democratic report, prepared by the staff of Sen. Thomas Carper (D-Del.), the committee chairman. “Consolidating the Department at St. Elizabeths will improve DHS’s ability to carry out its mission.’’
In one memorable example, the Democrats’ report said current DHS facilities are so subpar that a recent “issue with cleanliness and a rat-infestation” temporarily required closing the cafeteria at the current headquarters complex on Nebraska Avenue in the District. DHS officials have long complained that the headquarters is one-quarter of the size they need, with a small operations center plagued by limited infrastructure.
The back and forth shows that consensus over the headquarters project remains elusive a decade after it was first conceptualized. The entire complex was to be finished as early as this year, at a cost of less than $3 billion, according to the initial plan. That budget has ballooned to $4.5 billion, with completion pushed back to 2026. With the exception of a Coast Guard building that opened last year, the grounds remain entirely undeveloped, with the occasional deer grazing amid the vacant Gothic Revival-style structures.
Afflicted by partisan brawling for years, St. Elizabeths — the capital region’s largest planned construction project since the Pentagon — has also received only lackluster support from the Obama administration, according to budget documents and interviews with current and former federal officials.
The project’s cost has been controversial from the start, and Friday’s GAO report says costs estimates have been plagued by “numerous deficencies” that render them unreliable. For example, the report said, a revised 2013 estimate did not include the cost of operations and maintenance. Even DHS and GAO, it said, admitted it was “difficult or impossible” to specify the project’s final price tag because it is so complex.
GAO also faulted federal officials for not updating the St. Elizabeths master plan since it was approved in 2009 and said the plan no longer takes into account changes in how people work such as telework.
In a written response to the report, Jim H. Crumpacker, a DHS official who oversees dealings with GAO, said the department is “disappointed with much of the context and perspective’’ in the report and said the shortfalls in funding from Congress “cannot be overemphasized.’’ But he said the department will work with GSA to respond to GAO’s concerns.
GSA administrator Dan Tangherlini also said in his response that the two agencies would work together to “remedy the concerns raised by GAO” and said the funding shortfall has created “a serious challenge” for the headquarters project.
Jerry Markon covers the Department of Homeland Security for the Post’s National Desk. He also serves as lead Web and newspaper writer for major breaking national news.

Warmth and achievements aside  India and China remain cautiousprint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets Chinese President Xi Jinping upon his arrival at a hotel in Ahmadabad. (PTI Photo)
Incursions cast a shadow over the visit of President Xi Jinping’s visit to India, but the joint statement issued on Friday reiterated their commitment to seek a "fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable solution". The two sides also said that ‘an early settlement of the boundary question’ ought to be ‘pursued as a strategic objective’.
Policymakers are grappling with the implications of the Xi’s visit. While some are underwhelmed, others point to the achievements. But all agree that border troubles dampened the mood.
And there were indeed positives. PM Narendra Modi and Xi got to know each other well. The entire edifice of the relationship rests on the 1988 breakthrough achieved by PM Rajiv Gandhi and Deng Xiaoping – the two countries would try to resolve the border issue, but they would not let its non-resolution hold other bilateral issues hostage. This has held, and the joint statement spoke of enhancing development partnership, political communication, economic dialogue, investment and trade, cultural and people to people exchanges.
But this has come under increasing strain as Chinese incursions have triggered public outcry. Indian officials are left wondering why Beijing acted the way it did at such a crucial moment, for the Chinese were understood to be heavily aligning their strategy towards India with prime minister’s economic agenda.
“What is really confusing is the timing of the incursions where soldiers intruded in large numbers. In Chinese scheme of things it’s not possible without the authorization at the higher political level”, said a government source, indicating they did not buy the theory of Chinese People’s Liberation Army acting autonomously.
SD Muni, professor emeritus at the Jawaharlal Nehru University, tweeted, “Modi’s Sabarmati charm and dhokla diplomacy do not seem to have really worked on Xi. No indications of a new beginning.” He pointed to a ‘delayed border settlement’, the USD 20 billion dollar investment commitment rather than USD 100 billion, and China’s ‘eyes on SAARC’ and called visit 'below expectations'.
The hope is this may lend some urgency and energy to border negotiations. PM Modi said ‘clarifying the LAC’ was important and this needed to be ‘restarted’; Xi stressed Chinese ‘determination’ to settle the boundary question. Commodore C Uday Bhaskar, a strategic analyst, says, “The political leadership is back in the saddle. Modi and XI bring political determination, and do not seem daunted by the scale and complexity of problems they have inherited.”
The joint statement for the third in row time missed, mention of one-China policy-- an affirmation by India of One-China principle, which recognises Tibet and Taiwan as part of China. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj’s recent formulation is that they expect China to support a One India policy – and respect its sensitivities on Arunachal Pradesh – in return for India’s support for one China policy.
There was another strategic subtext to the visit. Analysts like Bhaskar believe that more than the border, India’s real concern is to pre-empt another 26/11 situation. “Except Beijing, all world capitals accept Pakistan supports terrorist groups. I hope India has raised this privately with Beijing, and I would have liked to see some public reference to it.” But some officials believe that China sent a positive signal by not making Pakistan a part of the itinerary.
Xi decided instead to visit Sri Lanka and Maldives, and indicated the desire to deepen ties with the rest of South Asia. A retired intelligence official says, “We may not like it, but we can’t prevent it either. China will expand its influence here, as we will try do in its neighbourhood. Note Modi’s visit to Japan and President Pranab Mukherjee visit to Vietnam.”
The optics may have been warm and some achievements substantial, but the visit showed that there are difficult strategic issues at play, and both India and China remain cautious about going all the way with each other.

PM Modi says Indian Muslims will live  die for India; won t dance to the tune of al QaedaAl Qaeda would be delusional to think Indian Muslims will respond to its call to launch a jihad in the region, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said, praising the community’s love of the country.
 
"They are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country," Modi told CNN, which aired excerpts of his pre-recorded interview on Friday.
 
"If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India -- they will not want anything bad for India."
 
It was Modi's first reaction to al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri's announcement this month that the group would set up a new operation to wage jihad in South Asia, which has a large but traditionally moderate Muslim population. A few days later it claimed responsibility for the failed hijacking a Pakistani naval ship.
Read: Congress questions timing of Modi's statement on Indian Muslims
 
There have been relatively few reports of young Indian men leaving to fight Islamist causes abroad. Only recently four young men from Maharashtra were believed to have travelled to Iraq to fight for the Islamic State.
 
Modi said the threat from Islamist extremist groups was "a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race.
 
"We have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else," he added.
 
Modi's comments come amid a debate within his Bharatiya Janata Party about how to deal with religious minorities after an inflammatory by-election campaign drew the ire of rights activists and failed to win over voters.
 
Yogi Adityanath, the party’s star campaigner in the recent by-elections in Uttar Pradesh, has been accused of delivering inflammatory speeches against Muslims.
 
Ahead of a visit to meet US President Barack Obama later this week, Modi said ties between the United States and India, a Cold War ally of the Soviet Union, will continue to improve.
 
"From the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century we have witnessed a big change," Modi said.
 

Seat-sharing row: Shiv Sena  BJP keep alliance alive  for nowComments
The Shiv Sena-BJP alliance was kept intact on Friday after senior leaders of both parties met and decided to begin negotiations with a new seat-sharing formula. The alliance had reached breaking point as the parties had suspended talks last week owing to differences over seat sharing for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls.
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray’s son Aaditya and senior party leader Subhash Desai held talks with BJP in-charge OP Mathur on Friday evening. At the time of going to press, both sides were engaged in discussions at the Mayor’s bungalow.
“We are still discussing things,” said Desai, adding that the alliance will survive.
The Sena has agreed to consider a new proposal for sharing seats — Sena’s 59 and BJP’s 19 — that both parties have not won in the last 25 years. This was agreed upon after the BJP refused to accept the 119 seats offer and reminded the Sena about the sacrifices it has made in the past to save the alliance.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Cabinet colleague Nitin Gadkari met twice in New Delhi on Friday to discuss the situation. Sources said it was on the PM’s instructions that the state core committee, which met Friday afternoon, proposed a new formula to the Sena. Gadkari, who was to visit the city on Friday evening, cancelled his trip citing health reasons.
Sources from the Sena said the party top brass was unwilling to accept less than 150 seats, while the under the formula suggested by the BJP, the former will get less than 150 seats and the latter would have around 125 seats, 10 less than their initial demand. The four smaller allies are proposed to be given 15 to 18 seats.
Read: Sene lashes out at Rajnath Singh on love jihad issue
State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis demanded that all doubts be cleared once and for all. “The two sides still have serious differences. The Sena says our demand is unjust, while we too feel they are unjust. We have many things to decide [before the final outcome is decided],” he said.
Friday’s moves, however, have not brought relief to the cadre of both parties, as there is still no outcome with the process of filing nominations beginning on Saturday.
Read: Silent on Sena, Shah urges workers to bring BJP to power
Eknath Khadse, Opposition leader in the Assembly, said his party had given six Lok Sabha seats and one Rajya Sabha seat to the Sena in the past. “Most of them were sitting positions. Of late, we accommodated RPI’s Ramdas Athvale on the Rajya Sabha seat held by Prakash Javadekar,” said Khadse, after the BJP state core committee meeting.
The tension between the allies escalated after the BJP demanded an equal share of the state’s 288 Assembly seats, citing the Lok Sabha poll results, where they won 23 seats against the Sena’s 18. In 2009, the Sena had contested 169 seats and the BJP 119, winning 44 and 46, respectively. Later, talks were suspended after Udhhav Thackeray raised doubts over the impact of a Modi wave in the state polls.
Read: Shah shrugs off loss, says rivals have grown wings
On Thursday, BJP’s national president Amit Shah had asked for an immediate response from the Sena, but his demand for protecting the BJP’s self-esteem did not go well with their ally. Sniffing “arrogance” in Shah’s statements made at public rallies in western Maharashtra, the Sena said no one could issue them an ultimatum and asked the BJP to accept 119 seats or forget the pact.

JuD spins new Web with old tricks  opens sites from US serverprint
JuD chief Hafiz Saeed
Recently when Jamat-ud-Dawa (JuD), the parent organisation of dreaded terrorist organisation Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) resurfaced in the World Wide Web and launched its websites www.jamatdawa.org and www.jamatdawa.net hosted from a server in the United States of America, it came as a real shocker for the law enforcement authorities.
However, this is not the first time when JuD has managed a return to the World Wide Web as in the past the banned outfit has changed its identity, floated various charity organisations and tweaked names to launch websites.
Police sources said, Hafiz Mohammed Saeed, the Pakistan-based terror mastermind, along with Zafar Iqbal and Abdullah Yusuf Azam had joined hands to form a charitable organisation under the name Markaz al-Dawa Wal Irshad (MDI) (The Centre for Religious Learning and Propagation) in 1986, and soon floated a website under the name www.markazdawa.org . However, after the 9/11 attack, the United States of America mounted pressure on Pakistan to dismantle its terror network, imposed sanctions on MDI, and ensured that the organization, which acted as a front for LeT, shut down its website.
However, US could do little when MDI shifted the entire content of its website to another online portal named www.dawacenter.org . The website remained active till Saeed re-christened his organization as Jamat-ud-Dawa in 2001 and launched a website in Urdu and English under the name www.jamatuddawa.org , added police sources.
The site voiced the opinion of JuD’s senior leadership, including head of Jamat-ud-Dawa’s department of political affairs, Hafiz Abd-ur-Rahman Makki, as well as Maulana Ameer Hamza, Yahya Mujahid, Hafiz Abd-ur-Raoof, Hafiz Khalid Waleed, and Abdullah Muntazir till Mumbai 26/11 terrorist attack in 2008. Soon after the attack, the United National Security Council once again declared Jamat-ud-Dawa to be front of Lashkar-e-Taiba, the terrorist wing that plotted the Mumbai terror attack, and levied sanctions on the outfit.

Coca-Cola expansion driveCoca-Cola expansion drive
India can learn from Scot vote: Shashi Tharoor | For now  its business as usualCongress
(He said the Scots sent a signal…)
LONDON: The result of the Scottish referendum gave a "good and healthy signal" to the world and offered a lesson in unity to India, Congress politician and author Shashi Tharoor said here today.
As Scots voted decisively in favour of staying within the United Kingdom, the Thiruvananthapuram MP said, "There is a very simple lesson of staying together and being together. I think that is really what India is all about".
"We have nations within India. but we all live together as one country and our nationalism transcends these sub-nationalisms. To my mind, that is one of the great strengths of India which is worth actively fighting for and preserving,"he said.
He said the Scots sent a signal that even when they were given a choice democratically to choose otherwise, they saw the merits of sharing an existence with others.
"That is a good and healthy signal to give to the rest of the world, not just India," he said.
Tharoor, who was in London this week to participate in a historic debate organised by the Indo-British Heritage Trust on the merits and de-merits of the British empire at the Supreme Court, also drew upon history to highlight India's hand in strengthening the Scottish union.
He said when the East India Company had set out to colonise India, the Scots had their own efforts "to colonise in the west".
"It was with the Act of Union in 1707 that Scots became eligible to participate in the goodies of the East India Company and a disproportionate number of Scots were employed by the East India Company," he said.
"As a result the profits they were repatriating home is what put Scotland out of poverty. So India had an extremely key role in giving the Scots an incentive to remain with the British nation," he told reporters at the India Club in central London - a venue that has a strong personal connect with his father Chandran Tharoor, who worked for the Amrita Bazaar Patrika in London.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian investors rue missing Alibaba IPO | Stock surges 38%Indians could not invest in Alibaba IPO due to lack of overseas investment facilities
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 11.02AM IST
(RBI allows Indian investors…)
MUMBAI: As Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba lists on the US bourses on Friday after raising $21.8 billion through the biggest-ever initial public offering (IPO), various affluent investors in India are rueing a missed opportunity. Many of them have been unable to apply to the muchhyped Alibaba IPO as most domestic brokerage houses are not keen on offering facilities for investing in stock markets overseas as they are unviable.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) allows Indian investors to invest up to $1,25,000 (about Rs 75 lakhs) overseas every financial year under the liberalised remittance scheme.
When the Indian central bank had liberalised overseas investment limits during the previous decade, many brokerages had jumped on the bandwagon and tied up with foreign firms to offer international broking services to their rich clients. But they did not find much interest for the services among Indian investors.
"Barring select IPOs, there is not much interest among investors. It is not possible for us to actively research or advise on overseas stocks. Hence, we do not register new clients for overseas trading," says B Gopkumar, executive vice-president and head of broking, Kotak Securities.
To invest in overseas equities directly or in an initial public offer (IPO), investors need to open a separate trading account with an overseas broker. This can be done if the local broker has a tieup with an overseas broker. Alternatively, a trading account can also be opened directly with international brokers like Interactive Brokers, which have a physical presence in Mumbai. But, only a few are aware of it or they are not comfortable starting another relationship.
Brokers cite tough regulations in overseas markets as the reason for not offering overseas trading accounts. For example, to offer trading on the US stock exchanges, a broker will have to comply with the US SEC norms. If there is any dispute, the court of jurisdiction will be in the US. "The regulatory environment is fluid and the risks associated are too high," said Jyotheesh Kumar, vice-president, HDFC Securities.
From an investor's viewpoint, opening a trading account and maintaining it could be tough. Besides higher documentation, many brokerage houses insist on maintaining margins of more than $10,000 (about Rs 6 lakh) in the broking account.
Unlike Indian brokerages, which charge a percentage of the trade value, many US brokers charge a minimum fee of at least 5-6 % per trade, making transactions in low-value trades costlier. Also, there are fees to be paid to the bank for remitting funds overseas.
"If a client does not trade or is inactive for a year, many international brokerages may even terminate the account," said Jyotheesh Kumar. This upsets the client, who may not understand the need for strict compliance and may hold the domestic brokerage house responsible, thereby disturbing the local relationship.
There are also restrictions on the domestic broker on communication with clients. As per regulations, a domestic broker cannot call the client, send emails or SMSes or solicit business. Going against any of these rules could mean a violation. Brokerage officials said there is not much in terms of revenue that the local firm stands to earn in the arrangement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indosolar ltd. is looking very strong on technical chart. the technica...Gold Member
682 Followers
Indosolar Ltd. is looking VERY STRONG on Technical Chart. The Technical score is 85.71 out of 100, which very very strong. Any time this stock is heading towards a very big Technical Break out. SKY is the limit thereafter. The first Support1 is Rs. 6.79 and Support2 is Rs. 6.42. Resistence1 is Rs. 7.38 and Resistence2 is Rs. 7.68. Currently, INDOSOLAR LTD. is trading above 200 DMA. Next week this stock will have very decisive upmove....Have a close look at this stock guys.
7.27 AM Sep 20th

This is the fourth time you are putting the same message31 Followers
"ab aur ACHCHHE DIN AANE WALE HAIN!!"
TIMING to ENTER n EXIT is Timing is most Important tool to earn OPTIMUM PROFITS in this market of manipulators !?
OMC`s are out performing. Sooner than later HPCL with a M.Cap of 16K crs. will OUT-PERFORM the market with wide margin. HPCL is an Excellent Buy at EVERY DECLINE & MUST for every portfolio.
With this quarter bad results, Den Network is down by 40% from it`s recent peak of 246 in July `14 to the level of 150 & now 160.
No reason for such an Irrational Pessimism for a co. mostly held by FII`s & other Institutions. The holdings of small share holders in this co. is meager 10.6 lac shares out of total capital of 1782 lac shares!!!
In March`13, Co. issued 124.66 lac shares @217.50 under QIP to HNI & other investors. Business & growth is as usual, very promising industry.
I repeat, only 10.6 lac shares are held by some 5478 small share holders. Rest all are fully in control of big operators, HNI, DII`s & FII"S. That`s why there was & there will be some very sharp price movements!?! Before the next quarter results it may regain it`s glory, wishfully.
Is Lovable Lingerie is going the Page Ind. way!?!
9.17 AM Sep 19th

Silver Leaf to pick up stake in Biocon armUpdated: September 18, 2014 23:55 IST
Silver Leaf to pick up stake in Biocon arm
Special Correspondent
business (general)
Biocon, on Thursday, said Silver Leaf Oak (Mauritius) Ltd. is picking up a 10 per cent stake in Syngene International Limited, its research services subsidiary.
Syngene, a contract research organisation, was valued at Rs.3,800 crore, the company said. It did not disclose financial details of the transaction, whose completion is subject to regulatory approvals.
Biocon Chairman and Managing Director Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw said the transaction was part of the overall strategic plan for Syngene and “sets a new benchmark as we prepare the company for listing.”
Silver Leaf, which was advised by India Value Fund Advisors, will acquire the stake in Syngene from Biocon Research Ltd (BRL), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Biocon.
Post the transaction, Biocon and BRL will jointly hold 85.54 per cent stake in Syngene, a release said.
Managing partner of India Value Fund Advisors Vishal Nevatia said the Fund had partnered Biocon through its first funding in 2003. Syngene, he said, had emerged as one of the leading service providers globally for integrated discovery and development with a marquee client base.

Rajnath Singh proposes SAARC centre for good governanceSep 19, 2014 at 09:42pm IST
Rajnath Singh proposes SAARC centre for good governance
5
0
Kathmandu: Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday proposed setting up a South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) centre for good governance where officers from all member countries can come together to exchange their experiences.
Participating in the sixth meeting of interior and home ministers of SAARC countries in Kathmandu, Rajnath Singh said terrorism was a major issue of concern for the region.
"This is driven by internal, regional as well as international factors. Further, groups with radical and extremist ideologies pose threats across national boundaries in the volatile security environment," he said.
Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday proposed setting up a South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation centre.
#rajnath singh #home minister #saarc #good governance
Rajnath Singh also expressed concern about the new threats of extremism and violence emerging in the region.
He said the Indian government was committed to securing justice for the families of the victims of terrorist strikes, including the November 2008 Mumbai terror attack.
The Indian minister said India was carefully assessing the impact of the withdrawal of foreign forces from Afghanistan on the entire south Asian region.
Rajnath Singh referred to the problems faced by India, particularly the northern state of Punjab, due to smuggling of drugs. He called for steps to deal with money laundering, terrorist funding, cyber crimes, human trafficking and illegal movement of arms across boundaries.
He said India was also concerned about "increasing circulation of counterfeit currency in its neighbourhood".
The minister said menaces such as terrorism and drug trafficking can be best fought if experiences were shared at the operational level.
He proposed establishing the SAARC (South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation) centre for good governance where officers from all member countries can come together to exchange their experiences on good governance.
He said the meeting of ministers from SAARC countries provided an opportunity to forge cooperation within the region against terrorism in particular and organised crime in general.
Rajnath Singh emphasised the commitment of India's Narendra Modi-led government for giving primacy to improving India's relations with all SAARC neighbours.
Interior ministers from SAARC countries participated in the meeting.
1

CBI to probe Chidambaram over FIPB approval in Aircel-Maxis deal28
0
New Delhi: In a blow to former finance minister P Chidambaram, the Central Bureau of Investigation CBI will investigate the circumstances of the Foreign investment Promotion Board approval given by him in the Aircel-Maxis deal in 2006.
Clearing his stand, Chidambaram on Friday said that there was no violation of rules in the grant of FIPB approval. "In the Aircel-Maxis case, the FIPB sought the approval of the Finance Minister in accordance with the rules. The case was submitted through the Additional Secretary and Secretary, DEA. Both of them recommended the case for approval. Approval was granted by me, as Finance Minister, in the normal course," he said.
Reacting to the CBI chargesheet regarding his decision in the Aircel-Maxis case, he said, "I understand that the officials of the FIPB who dealt with the matter have explained to the CBI that under the rules, as they stood then, the case required only the approval of the Finance Minister. I am sure the files will bear out the correctness of this position."
Clearing his stand, Chidambaram on Friday said that there was no violation of rules in the grant of FIPB approval.

Fifth death within fortnight in Tihar; family alleges foul playSep 19, 2014 at 11:47pm IST
Fifth death within fortnight in Tihar; family alleges foul play
9
0
New Delhi: A 27-year-old inmate of Tihar jail died under mysterious circumstances hours before he was to be released on bail, the fifth death in a fortnight, with family alleging foul play.
Rinku Juneja, an undertrial who was recently sent to the jail, was granted bail last evening and was about to be released around 8 pm on Thursday. Almost three hours prior to it, at around 5 pm, Rinku was taken to hospital, where he was declared dead, jail officials said.
The family of the victim, however, has alleged foul play, saying, the jail administration is trying to hide the matter from them. The family members also staged protest at the hospital against the incident. None of the Tihar jail officials were available for comment over the incident.
The family of the victim, has alleged foul play, saying that the jail administration is trying to hide the matter from them.
#tihar jail #undertrial #rinku juneja #delhi prisons
This is the fifth such case in a fortnight where a death has been reported from within the jail. Tihar Jail authorities had yesterday stepped up security and intensified frisking with other precautionary measures following the death of an inmate in the special security ward after he was attacked with a sharp weapon by a fellow inmate.
Two suicides and an accidental death of the inmates have also been reported from the jail over the last two weeks. Taking serious view of the matter, Director General, Delhi Prisons, Alok Verma, had ordered a high-level inquiry into the reasons behind the lapses leading to such incidents.
DIG, Delhi Prisons, Mukesh Prasad, meanwhile, had said that various sporting activities, cultural programmes and an initiative called 'Gumsum Punja' have been taken up to identify suicidal tendencies among inmates and help them come out of depression through counselling.
1

Sebi guidelines for REITs likely soonSebi guidelines for REITs likely soon
India  China s decision to facilitate Kailash Mansarovar Yatra via Nathu la laudable: MP LamaIndia  China s decision to facilitate Kailash Mansarovar Yatra via Nathu la laudable: MP Lama
Realty sector is going to boom in andhra & telangana. buy prajay engin...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy like a red wine bull for 1000% gainCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Page is a perfect stock to pledge and get some cash to invest elsewher...now when I discuss Page industries shortcoming .. you guys start discussing about Jayant Agro..
======================
1. there is no MMB rule saying you should discuss specific stocks only in a message board..
2. It is you guys in Page who donot want discussion about Jayant agro..
3. If you start discussing jayant.. then atleast accept the fact that u started the discussion.. (that is all I ask..) dont put it on my head that I have started discussing Jayant Again..
GOT IT!!
I have never shied from accepting discussing Jayant.. infact you will not find any info about jayant other than what I have posted in many forums..
Just dont blame me for discussions that I have not started.. cause as you can see again its you guys who want to discuss jayant.. not in Page but in other message boards..
every day somebody posts messages in all stocks.. tell me what have you done about spamming?.. ZERO..
nobody will even delete the message in Page industries..
-------------------
again MMB is open for discussion.. and I am not doing anything wrong.....  if you dont like it please  mark it with single star ..
=================
just dont put your blame on my head.. I have no problems discussing Jayant.. You guys have.. and you guys yourself start the discussion and then cry about it.. and Put it on my head.. cause you have no supporting data.. and maybe feel inadequate yourself when you see me providing so much data for jayant agro..
So do your own research.. and I`m sure you will develop conviction in your buys.. just like I have in Jayant Agro..

Researchers discover how genes control 24-hour circadian rhythm in humansE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rajasthan bypolls: Bharatiya Janata Party rejected for brutal  misuse  of power  says CongressE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India Inc looks at other options as local loan growth at 10-year lowE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

To make trains speed up to 200 km per hour  Indian Railways to get help from ChinaFE editor's picks
To make trains speed up to 200 km per hour, Indian Railways to get help from China
Avishek G Dastidar | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 18 2014, 12:50  IST
Sep 18 2014, 12:50  IST
 

Deepika Padukone: Do we focus on actor s crotch when he makes public appearanceComments
Deepika Padukone has had the last word on the 'cleavage row'. Days after the actor wrote a tweet against a 'news' item focusing on her cleavage, lot of social commentators questioned how it was different from Bollywood's commodification of women.
Now, Deepika has answered all those questions in a Facebook post. The Happy New Year actor writes, "I am not naive about my own profession; it is one that requires lots of demanding things of me. A character may demand that I be clothed from head to toe or be completely naked, and it will be my choice as an actor whether or not I take either. Understand that this is a ROLE and not REAL, and it is my job to portray whatever character I choose to play convincingly."
Post by Deepika Padukone .
She puts it all in perspective by saying, "There is only ONE sign that a woman wants to have sex and that is that she says "YES"."
She then goes on to explain that she responded to the 'news item' as India is going through a change where gender equations are in focus. "I have spoken out against an ideology that such regressive tactics are still being employed to draw a reader's attention at a time when we are striving for women's equality and empowerment. In a time where women should be applauded for making headway in a male-dominated society, we blur the lines between REEL and REAL life."
Also read: So what about Bollywood, Deepika?
Addressing how the use of an inadvertent 'top view' image of hers is different from highlighting Shah Rukh Khan's six-pack abs, she again highlights the difference between real and reel.
"I have no issue celebrating my body and I have never shied away from anything on-screen to portray a character. In fact my next character portrayed is a bar dancer (sorry Farah for the spoiler!) who titillates men as a means to support her livelihood. My issue is you propagating the objectification of a REAL person, and not a character being played. Sure, dissect my characters if you wish-if it is of so much interest then discuss the character's cup size and leg length if it is relevant to making the role convincing. All I am asking for is respect as a woman off-screen."
Calling it her 'last word' on the topic, she asks why men are never objectified in the same manner. "Are we not human? Yes we marvel, envy and drool over a male actors 8pack abs in a film, but do we zoom in on the man's 'crotch' when he makes a public appearance and make that 'cheap headlines?"
 

Savour these simple and easy mini mealsBigg Boss 8
Delicious mini meals to savour
There are some things that should only come in size XL-pay cheques, wardrobes, dogs. But at snack time, smaller really is better. A mere 100 calories can satisfy you until your next proper meal but that amount is frustratingly hard to get a hold of. But fret not-simply keep these delicious, nutritionist approved treats on hand.

Alibaba  Chinas king of Web retail  opens at $92.70 in surging market debutBy Drew Harwell September 19 Follow @drewharwell
China’s massive Alibaba Group started selling shares to the public late Friday morning for prices far higher than expected, clinching the biggest stock debut in history.
The world’s biggest retail giant, which dominates China’s Web and is  making moves on American shores , is expected to raise more than $21.8 billion, and potentially much more, in its initial public offering, or IPO. Shares were priced at $92.70 when trading began around noon, up 36 percent from the initial IPO price, and closed at $93.89.
Trading under the ticker symbol BABA , the megafirm’s value climbed to about $231 billion, more than Facebook, Disney or Amazon.com. Alibaba traded more than 100 million shares in its IPO’s first 10 minutes, according to FactSet, with shares peaking at $99 and sliding back a bit to about $92 by late afternoon. (If you’re wondering if you should invest, we have some thoughts on that .)
A group of Alibaba customers, including a Washington state cherry farmer, rang the New York Stock Exchange’s opening bell as investors crowded the trading floor, capping the group’s splashy two-week world tour. Already a household name in China, one of the fastest-growing economies on earth, Alibaba is now pushing hard to show it can compete with the American tech titans who run the digital economy in the West.
With its messy, sprawling marketplaces Taobao and Tmall , the Chinese giant was home to more sales last year than Amazon.com and eBay combined. As China’s growing middle class of consumers has found, you can buy pretty much anything on Taobao, including  live scorpions  and a cashmere dress for your cat .
But though 80 percent of online sales in China now go through an Ali­baba site, the group is just starting to invest in America. They’ve opened a sleek invite-only online boutique, 11 Main , and have invested in Uber ride-sharing competitor Lyft, delivery service Shoprunner and a handful of other tech startups in messaging, luxury retail and video games.
“After the IPO, Alibaba will have enough money to buy the coolest and latest innovations to make (it) a true global tech company,” said Simon Chan, a partner in the Hong Kong office of law firm Dorsey and Whitney. “Startup tech companies with cool technologies should be expecting a knock on the door for years to come.”
Instead of ringing the New York exchange’s bell, Jack Ma, the group’s quirky, charismatic founder, continued the group’s publicity tour through TV interviews, telling CNBC, “We want to be bigger than Walmart. … They changed the world.” (You can watch a live stream from the NYSE here .)
Ma once again touted Alibaba’s mission , “to make it easy to do business anywhere,” by comparing its small-business audience to his founding of the company, in 1999, from within his cramped apartment. “When I was doing my business 15 years ago, no one supported us,” he said on CNBC. To small businesses, he said, “Come to our site, work hard, everything is a fair-play game.”
Following up with a photo of the mob outside. At 6:45am @nyse $BABA pic.twitter.com/qzCoB8PAvh
— Sally Shin (@sallyshin) September 19, 2014
Ma, an impish eccentric who has become a cult figure in China on par with Apple’s Steve Jobs, appeared characteristically energetic, with CNBC’s Jim Cramer calling him “breathtakingly uncynical.” Ma ended his interview by saying, “A lot of young people don’t have dreams anymore. We want to tell them: Those dreams, you have to keep.” (For context, Ma is one of China’s richest billionaires, and has a net worth somewhere around the gross domestic product of Estonia.)
All kidding aside, Jack Ma may be the closest thing China has to a Walt Disney. Trillest CEO in the game right now. $BABA — Downtown Josh Brown (@ReformedBroker) September 19, 2014
But Ma also alluded to routine Alibaba problems, including the marketplaces’ relentless flood of counterfeit merchandise, which once led federal officials to call Alibaba businesses “notorious markets” for intellectual-property fraud. The group has begun to aggressively remove suspected fakes and blacklist problematic suppliers. Of the counterfeits, Ma said, “They are headaches of the world, and we are solving that.”
Alibaba founder Jack Ma arrived at the New York Stock Exchange after the world's largest IPO and his stock prepared to debut. (Reuters)
Drew Harwell is a national business reporter at The Washington Post.

ICRA upgrades Jet Airways credit ratingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

WTO talks suffer setback as differences persistE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Now  UCO Bank wields wilful default stick on Vijay Mallya s Kingfisher AirlinesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

A New player in the housingmarketThe construction major NBCC is promising transparency, on-time delivery and green features.
Written by Sandeep Singh | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:07 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 9:47 am
The housing market in the country today is primarily driven by private sector developers and the government has largely restricted itself to the role of a promoter of housing schemes such as the Delhi Development Authority, the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority and various other state housing boards.
There is, however, a government-owned company that is emerging as a player in the residential real estate sector. Hitherto, known for undertaking turnkey construction projects, the National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) has set itself a target of 10,000 housing units for the general public across the country over the next five years. This comes at a time when real estate developers are yet to emerge from the market downturn.
“We have said that in the next five years we will develop a minimum of 10,000 units for general public but you will see this number getting revised every three months. We plan to substantially take this up and move in line with the government’s objective for housing for all by 2022,” said Anoop Kumar Mittal, CMD, NBCC.
Currently, NBCC is working on redevelopment of government residential buildings in New Delhi and has bagged redevelopment projects in Rajasthan, Orissa and other states.
Its group housing projects are spread across various locations such as Gurgaon, Ghaziabad, Bhubaneswar, Kolkata. Patna and Kochi. The company has a land bank of over 200 acres and has acquired land in Jaipur, Alwar and Raipur.
“We will raise our capacity and land bank substantially. We are purchasing land from different authorities, housing boards and state governments. We are also looking for surplus land of public sector units or sick units as they have land in prime localities not just in metros but also in tier II and III cities. We are targeting them and telling them to either sell them to us or enter into a joint venture with us as it will benefit everyone — NBCC, the PSU and public at large,” said Mittal.
Market observers feel that with NBCC emerging as a key player, and its expansion will fill the huge lacuna in affordable housing, and would also force private developers to take a relook at their practices of high loading (super built-up area, extra charges under various heads such as parking) and the general lack of transparency.
“The need of the hour is to have an organisation that understands and operates with the motive of not just making profits but of providing affordable housing as no private player wants to operate in that area because of low margins. We need more organisations like NBCC that work with the objective of developing houses,” said Gulam Zia, head advisory services, Knight Frank.
Does this mean that NBCC homes would be priced lower than that of private developers? Not necessarily, said Mittal, as the company would operate as any other developer and the projects would be priced at market rates. He, however, added continued…

http://usat.ly/1o9JBTpJobless rates up in 24 states; hiring up in 35
Georgia had the highest state unemployment rate in August; North Dakota the lowest.
Post to Facebook
Jobless rates up in 24 states; hiring up in 35 Georgia had the highest state unemployment rate in August; North Dakota the lowest. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1ulc2Bh
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Jobless rates up in 24 states; hiring up in 35
AP 8:30 p.m. EDT September 19, 2014
A woman walks into a Georgia Department of Labor career center, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014, in Atlanta. Georgia reported the nation's highest unemployment rate in August, at 8.1 percent. That's the first time Georgia has had the highest rate since the Great Recession ended.
(Photo: David Goldman AP)
20 CONNECT 47 TWEET 15 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON (AP) — Unemployment rates rose in nearly half of U.S. states in August, even as employers in two-thirds of the states added jobs.
The Labor Department says unemployment increased in 24 states, fell in 15 and was unchanged in 11. Hiring picked up in 35 states, while it fell in 15.
Unemployment rates can rise even when hiring increases if more people start looking for work and don't immediately find jobs. The state figures suggest hiring was broad-based across most regions of the country last month, even as nationwide job gains in August were the weakest this year.
Georgia's unemployment rate jumped to 8.1 percent from 7.7 percent in July to the highest among all the states. It was followed by Mississippi at 7.9 percent. That's the first time Georgia has had the highest rate since the Great Recession ended. Previously, Nevada, Michigan and Rhode Island have had the highest.
Georgia's rate rose even as its employers added the fourth-most jobs in the nation last month, gaining 15,800. The hiring and unemployment data can conflict because they come from two separate surveys. One is of households and the other survey covers businesses.
The national unemployment rate dipped to 6.1 percent in August, from 6.2 percent the previous month. Employers added 142,000 jobs, below an average of 212,000 in the previous 12 months.
North Dakota had the lowest rate in the nation, as it has for many years, at 2.8 percent. The state is benefiting from an oil and gas drilling boom. It was followed by three states with 3.6 percent unemployment: Nebraska, South Dakota and Utah.
The biggest job gains were in Texas, which added 46,600 jobs, followed by California, with 27,700 and Michigan, with 17,900.
The Midwest had the lowest unemployment rate among the nation's four regions, at 5.8 percent. The unemployment rate in the Northeast was 6.2 percent, followed by 6.3 percent in the South and 6.6 percent in the West.
20 CONNECT 47 TWEET 15 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ulc2Bh
USA NOW
Three grandmas smoke weed for first time
Nov 22, 2014

Indian Muslims won t dance to the tune of al Qaeda  will live  die for India: ModiAl Qaeda would be delusional to think Indian Muslims will respond to its call to launch a jihad in the region, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said, praising the community’s love of the country.
 
"They are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country," Modi told CNN, which aired excerpts of his pre-recorded interview on Friday.
 
"If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India -- they will not want anything bad for India."
 
It was Modi's first reaction to al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri's announcement this month that the group would set up a new operation to wage jihad in South Asia, which has a large but traditionally moderate Muslim population. A few days later it claimed responsibility for the failed hijacking a Pakistani naval ship.
Read: Congress questions timing of Modi's statement on Indian Muslims
 
There have been relatively few reports of young Indian men leaving to fight Islamist causes abroad. Only recently four young men from Maharashtra were believed to have travelled to Iraq to fight for the Islamic State.
 
Modi said the threat from Islamist extremist groups was "a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race.
 
"We have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else," he added.
 
Modi's comments come amid a debate within his Bharatiya Janata Party about how to deal with religious minorities after an inflammatory by-election campaign drew the ire of rights activists and failed to win over voters.
 
Yogi Adityanath, the party’s star campaigner in the recent by-elections in Uttar Pradesh, has been accused of delivering inflammatory speeches against Muslims.
 
Ahead of a visit to meet US President Barack Obama later this week, Modi said ties between the United States and India, a Cold War ally of the Soviet Union, will continue to improve.
 
"From the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century we have witnessed a big change," Modi said.
 

http://twitter.com/TheEc...http://twitter.com/theec...
When is unitech out of fno ban... which site we can find..and if its ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yes was thinking about that and had achance but missed it ...at 6.4 rs...Silver Member
4 Followers
Yes was thinking about that and had achance but missed it ...at 6.4 rs per share 8300 ce ...will wait to square off my 8300 ce ...in loss already so waiting for a upmove...faulty trade by me...I will have to bear my losses...for now..
8.26 AM Sep 20th

It is like a scotch of the west  buy 1000 sharesCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Super thin condoms  new contraceptives for women in focusE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

When a prodigy silenced sceptics with his musicUpdated: September 20, 2014 11:37 IST
When a prodigy silenced sceptics with his music
P. K. Ajith Kumar
Tweet
Mandolin Shrinivas during a concert in Kochi. Tripunithura N Radhakrishnan is to his right.
Tripunithura N. Radhakrishnan recalls playing ghatam for Mandolin Srinivas, who passed away in Chennai on Friday, for his maiden concert in Kerala, three decades ago.
There he was, in shorts and T-shirt. He had in his hands an instrument that looked a bit like guitar. How on earth was he going to play Carnatic music on it?
That was the doubt expressed loudly by the seasoned mridangam exponent Mavelikara Velukkutty Nair to Tripunithura N. Radhakrishnan, whom he had asked to play ghatam for the boy’s concert.
The large crowd at the Ernakulam Shiva temple may also have been sceptical about the day’s programme during the Rama Navami festival. Once the boy began playing “Vatapi Ganapathim” in Hamswadhani Raga, the doubts began to be replaced by surprise, then joy and before long, awe. The audience was bowled over by the unfamiliar charms of mandolin.
Standing ovation
They gave a standing ovation to the prodigy, U. Srinivas. The year was 1983.
“I don’t think many people in Kerala had heard him until that performance in Kochi. I was convinced he was going to scale great heights in music,” Radhakrishnan told The Hindu on Friday. “I remember that concert vividly now, especially the way he handled Hamsadhwani Raga.” Radhakrishnan accompanied Srinivas on several concerts since that day. “I find it hard to believe that he is no more,” he said. “He was such a nice man to work with, very humble.”
Carnatic vocalist Trivandrum Krishnakumar too has fond memories about Srinivas.
“I used to meet him often in Chennai, where he lived not far from my home,” he said. “I had spoken to him a couple of weeks ago, and he seemed alright.”
Krishnakumar never missed an opportunity to listen to Srinivas. “The first time I saw him perform was in Thiruvananthapuram in the early 1980’s,” he recalled. “I thought the way he played “Vatapi…” was extraordinary. The tempo was not like anything that I had heard before.”
Mandolin, of course, had never sounded the way it did till it found Srinivas. “He was a pure genius,” said Radhakrishnan. “He was born only to play mandolin.” Few would disagree.

American confesses to killing his girlfriend s mother in BaliAmerican confesses to killing his girlfriend s mother in Bali
U.S. stocks mixed on Alibaba IPO  Scotland vote; Dow rises 0.08%U.S. stocks mixed on Alibaba IPO  Scotland vote; Dow rises 0.08%
India is in a stronger position and needs structural reforms: Alan B KruegerIndia is in a stronger position and needs structural reforms: Alan B Krueger
Indo-Sino ties: Unsettled borders can never ...You are here: Home > Collections > Lac
India & China still have big problems between them
Sep 20, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
(Since the last major flare…)
By Manoj Joshi
From the outset it has been clear that Prime Minister Narendra Modi would have to walk the razor's edge in his interaction with China's paramount leader Xi Jinping.
That is because, notwithstanding the friendly rhetoric and promises of Chinese investment, India and China still have big problems between them. The biggest, as Modi's remarks at the press interaction noted, was the border. Since the last major flare up in 1986-87, India and China have created a 'confidence building measures' regime, which has effectively kept peace there. But, as incidents in the last couple of days reveal, unsettled borders can never really be quiet borders.
For this reason, Modi, was perhaps the first Indian leader in recent times to directly speak of the issue, and that, too, before China's supreme leader. He echoed what Xi himself has been saying, and what he reiterated — that we should resolve the border at the earliest. Second, while the CBMs have done a good work, Modi said there was a need to, at least, work out a commonly accepted alignment of the 4,056-km long Line of Actual Control that marks the border today. There are some 14 places on the LAC where India and China's perception of where it lies differs, and this gives rise to the so-called "transgressions" or "incursions".
According to the 1993 agreement on maintaining peace and tranquillity on the LAC, the two countries committed themselves to coming up with a mutually acceptable LAC. But after initial exchanges of maps, the process ground to a halt because in Atal Bihari Vajpayee's tenure, there were expectations that the two sides would actually resolve their border dispute quick time.
Following the appointment of highlevel Special Representatives in the wake of Vajpayee's 2003 visit to Beijing, things moved fast and the two sides worked out a basic agreement on the "Political Parameters and Guiding Principles for the Settlement of the India China Boundary Question "in 2005 which would essentially have the two sides swap their claims — India's Aksai Chin for China's Arunachal Pradesh.
The 17 rounds of discussions between the Special Representatives have done the required work, what is now needed is for the political leaders, which means Xi and Modi, to finalise the settlement. There are other problems, some that have been spoken about openly, some not and some only obliquely. Among the ones that have not openly come up is China's activities in South Asia, especially Pakistan. As long as Beijing seeks to keep India unsettled in its own region, we cannot really develop ties which could be called friendly.
  Among the ones that have been obliquely mentioned by Modi is that of transboundary rivers. In the west the problem relates to the Sutlej and the Indus, and in the east to the Brahmaputra. The Chinese have agreed to provide India with data related to river flows, but there is nothing we can do to prevent them from damming or diverting the flow of the rivers that flow into India.
International law is weak on these issues and the Chinese say they provide India information on river flows on "humanitarian grounds" not on the basis of any special right that we have as a lower riparian.
As a realist, Modi cannot but be unaware of the fact that the Indian public's expectations of him relate to his ability to deliver on the economic front. In that scheme of things, China plays a huge role as the engine of the world's economy. At the same time, that same constituency also expects Modi to best China in the geopolitical competition with China. Unfortunately, he cannot do both at the same time, particularly at this juncture. He needs time to get the economy going, as well as to reform and restructure the instrumentalities of the state to even think of competing with China as an equal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Investors rush to back Bangalore Literature ...You are here: Home > Collections > Mindtree
Big investors rush to back Bangalore Literature Festival
Shonali Advani, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bangalore Literature Festival
(Infosys’ former CEOs…)
Bangalore: Investors backing hot startups are now turning their attention to backing culture in India's technology capital. A number of them, including Manipal Group's Mohandas Pai and Infosys' former CEOs Kris Gopalakrishnan and SD Shibulal, are providing seed money for the Bangalore Literature Festival .
Mindtree founder Subroto Bagchi, Sangita Jindal, Biocon's Kiran Mazumdar Shaw and Rohini Nilekani, chairperson of Arghyam, are other noteworthy names in this set of 53 individuals or 'Friends of BLF'.
They have contributed personal money for execution, running costs as well as hospitality cover of authors and speakers participating. "Contributions range from Rs 50,000 to Rs 5 lakh," said V Ravichandar, civic evangelist and chairman, Feedback Consulting, and key advisor to BLF.
Ravichandar has been involved with several city initiatives for 15 years now, including Bangalore Agenda Task Force, City Connect. To date, BLF has raised Rs 38 lakh for its third edition from these individuals and aims at touching Rs 45 lakh by the onset of the festival.
Last year's collective contribution was Rs 35 lakh. It has an in-principle commitment of Rs 25 lakh from Ministry of Karnataka Tourism and Department of Kannada and Culture who funded the festival last year as well.
"Spreading culture and awareness in Bangalore is of prime importance for JSW," said Jindal, chairperson of JSW Foundation. Launched in 2012 by authors Vikram Sampath (Splendours of Royal Mysore; My Name is Gauhar Jaan; Voice of the Veena) and Shinie Antony (Kerala, Kerala and Why We Don't Talk), along with Srikrishna Ramamoorthy, Partner at Unitus Seed Fund, the festival is a fully independent, community run and crowd-funded event.
"There's a certain value to being independent today, especially for events like this where there's no restriction on views expressed," said Ramamoorthy. "Literature festivals take years to stabilise their credibility and finances but I think the model of BLF without an anchor gives it uniqueness. Nobody feels they are working for anybody," said Manish Sabharwal, chief executive officer, TeamLease Services.
This year BLF has the commitment of 150 authors and speakers and expects 15,000-17,000 attendees, up from 110 and 12,000 respectively last edition. It will be held from September 26-28.
"Community funding and action is important in modern society. Government should not be looked upon to answer all questions," said Narayan Ramachandran, founder of Inklude Labs and former CEO of Morgan Stanley India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mandolin musician U Srinivas passes away at 45Mandolin musician U Srinivas passes away
By V Prem Shanker , ET Bureau | 20 Sep, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Business leaders, politicians condole the sudden death of the 45-year-old simple and devout man who carried his exceptional talent very lightly on his shoulders.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CHENNAI: Business leaders in Chennai, many of them generous patrons of the arts and connoisseurs of music, are mourning the sudden death on Friday of U Srinivas, the former child prodigy who could make the mandolin dance to his tunes.
"We have lost a strong pillar of Carnatic music. This is a huge loss to Indian music," said Mallika Srinivasan, the chairperson of Tractors and Farm Equipment, the flagship company of the Amalgamations group.
"While he was a musical genius, Shrinivas was also a humane person," said Srinivasan, who has set up the Indira Sivasailam endowment with the Music Academy in Chennai.
Srinivas, 45, who was being treated for liver ailment, gave his first major performance when he was just nine years old. Although the mandolin is of European origin and was seldom used in India, Srinivas' talent was such that he single-handedly made it mainstream in Carnatic music.
"While it has taken over 100 years for the violin to become part of Carnatic music, Srinivas created acceptance for the mandolin in his own lifetime," said Sridhar Ramanujam, founder and CEO of brand consulting firm Brand-comm.
"For Srinivas, everything came early because of his enormous ability. Unfortunately, child prodigies have a short life." Srinivas, who was awarded the Padma Shri in 1998, toured the world and collaborated extensively with musicians from India and overseas.
He played with Indian greats such as flautist Hariprasad Chaurasia and table exponent Zakir Hussain while also joining hands with world music greats like John McLaughlin, Michael Brook and Nigel Kennedy.
"He carried his exceptional talent very lightly on his shoulders. He was a wonderful human being - pious, simple and devout," said Venu Srinivasan, the chairman TVS Motor.
"It is just unbelievable to think that he has left us all of a sudden. I am deeply saddened." Born in coastal Andhra Pradesh, Srinivas' prodigious talent was identified when he was only six.
While some purists were not very happy with the mandolin in Carnatic concerts, Srinivas' genius, and the fact that he was barely more than a child, helped win general acceptance among Carnatic music aficionados.
"Maa Saraswati danced on his fingers and the strings just obeyed him," remarked Srinivas Acharya, the managing director of Sundaram BNP Paribas Home Finance. Among the many admirers of Srinivas was the late Beatle George Harrison, who first heard the child prodigy play in London in 1990. Dhani Harrison, his son, said in 2003 that his "dad's favourite album of all time" was Mandolin Ecstasy by Srinivas which he recorded at age thirteen.
A R Rahman, the Chennaibased musical genius and winner of the Oscar and Grammy awards, tweeted that he was "emotionally shaken" after knowing that "our shining Star of Carnatic music is no more... May God bless him with happiness in the next world."
GRK Reddy, the chairman and managing director of Marg group, described Srinivas as a "great innovator" who was always working on how he could enhance Carnatic music "Such kind of talent and devotion is very rare. This is indeed a true loss." Prime Minister Narendra Modi condoled Srinivas' demise.
"PM recalled the Mandolin Maestro's dedication & long-standing contribution towards music & added that he will always be remembered," Modi's official Twitter handle, @PMOIndia said. Chief Minister Jayalalithaa credited Srinivas with introducing the musical instrument of mandolin to the people.
Paying rich tributes to Srinivas, she said Srinivas won people's hearts with his renditions. "His demise is a big loss to the world of Carnatic music. None can fill the void created by his passing away," she said in a statement.
Melody queen Lata Mangeshkar, Oscarwinner A R Rahman and singer Sonu Nigam expressed shock over the untimely death of mandolin great. "I got to know today that U Srinivas is no more. I am very sad to hear that.
When he was 14-year-old, I saw his performance on TV. He used to play the instrument brilliantly. It is quite tough to play classical music on mandolin... May his soul rest in peace," Mangeshkar posted on Twitter.

Army calls off rescue work in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmirmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Indian diplomat s daughter wins $225 000 settlement from New York CitySep 20, 2014 at 07:50am IST
Indian diplomat's daughter wins $225,000 settlement from New York City
45
0
New York: An Indian diplomat's daughter who was suspended, arrested and forced to spend a day in jail during her senior year in February 2011 on cyber-bullying charges, has won a $225,000 settlement from New York City.
The settlement agreement, approved by Manhattan federal judge John Koetl, also praised Krittika Biswas, daughter of Debashish Biswas, former vice consul at the Indian consulate here, for being an honour student while at John Bowne High School in Queens.
"We have vindicated Krittika's honour, the Indian diplomat's honour, and India's honour in the US," her lawyer Ravi Batra said on Thursday.
Alleging that the investigation leading to her arrest was a "sham", and lacking any real evidence, she had initially sought $1.5 million in her 2012 suit against New York City.
#indian #diplomat #compensation #jail
Biswas, now 21, was accused of sending profane and threatening e-mails to her teachers. The charges were dropped after a male classmate was fingered as the real culprit.
Alleging that the investigation leading to her arrest was a "sham", and lacking any real evidence, she had initially sought $1.5 million in her 2012 suit against New York City.
Also included in the suit were the city's Department of Education, her school's principal Howard Kwait, and teacher Jamie Kim-Ross.
Biswas, who has since moved back to India, had initially demanded a key to the city after being arrested but did not include the request in her suit.
Her lawyer at the time had said getting a key to the city from then mayor Michael Bloomberg could make it clear "that diplomats are welcome in New York".
The details of the settlement were ironed out by New York Mayor Bill de Blasio's administration.
Batra also came down hard on the school principal who had made the egregious error of having Biswas arrested.
"Of course, the ethically compromised and arrogant Principal Howard Kwait upon learning of the unconstitutional charges being dismissed, retaliated by suspending Krittika," he said.
"During those proceedings, we proved Krittika's innocence - that her Internet Service Provider (ISP) was Time-Warner's 'Roadrunner' while the culprit's ISP was 'Earthlink'.
"One day later, with our forensic expert's sworn report, the actually guilty student was identified and he confessed, except he was not arrested or criminally charged, proof of foul discriminatory disparate treatment of Krittika despite her actual innocence," Batra added.
23

DDA proposes expansion plan for Lotus Temple complex in DelhiSep 20, 2014 at 07:50am IST
DDA proposes expansion plan for Lotus Temple complex in Delhi
6
1
New Delhi: The DDA has proposed an expansion of the Lotus Temple for building training facilities for youth in the campus.
The decision was taken during an authority meeting of the DDA at the Raj Niwas, under the chairmanship of Lt Governor Najeeb Jung, chairman of the Delhi Development Authority.
The Lotus Temple, Bahai House of Worship had also proposed in the Authority Meeting after Bahai Temple had requested for approval of layout plan with increased ground coverage for expansion of Bahai House of Worship complex for building for training of youth.
The DDA has proposed an expansion of the Lotus Temple for building training facilities for youth in the campus.
#lotus temple complex #dda #lotus temple #bahai house of worship
The expansion is to be carried out on the land already in possession of the temple complex. The issue had already been deliberated at various levels including the Technical Committee which had recommended relaxation in ground coverage for construction of the building for training of youth, the DDA said in a statement.
The issue was discussed and it was approved subject to the condition of furnishing an undertaking that the FAR (floor area ratio) in any case will not exceed beyond the sanctioned FAR.
Change of land use (CLU) of area 7,530 sqm from transportation to residential units located near Leela Hotel has also been proposed to facilitate residential accommodation for railways and same was approved by the authority.
1

Foodgrain production may fall to 120mt from 129.24mtFoodgrain production may fall to 120mt from 129.24mt
Come All Ye FaithfulPrice: Rs 599
A scholarly biography of Mecca  is a courageous reminder of its syncretic past
From a book titled Mecca, by a formidable British writer born in Pakistan, you expect the world of Islam to unfold between the covers. Ziauddin Sardar does not disappoint. Through a biography of Mecca, the holiest of holy cities for Muslims and the centre of the Kaaba (the ‘Cube’ in Arabic), he takes you on a fascinating journey of Islam. Muslims are supposed to have two kinds of conversations while discussing their faith. One that they have with “others”, and another they have amongst themselves, but Sardar’s book allows both to take place simultaneously.
A central theme of the book is how two versions  of Islam have struggled for supremacy in Mecca: the “open and inclusive message” preached by Prophet Muhammed and the closed idea of “paradise..(being the) exclusive possession of Muslims”. So, the state of Mecca, a metaphor for the confluence and convergence among the faithful, often typified which version of Islam held sway over the world at that particular time.
Despite a Saudi desire to erase pre-Islamic history and authorise the telling of one story, the author has used the events in Mecca, its pagan origins, the ancient myth of Abraham’s son Ishmael and his mother Hagar settling there and subsequent battles for the control of the city to script an impressive account.
As a writer, Sardar brings lightness and humour to thorny issues. For instance, the first chapter is about his attempts to do an old world Haj on donkey-back, with a gay donkey whom he names Genghis. Needless to say, the journey has to be abandoned for the highway and its fumes. He writes incisively about the immensely complex and often bloody battle for the Muslim mind after Muhammed’s demise, the formation of sects, the growth of different schools of law and theology and their interplay. There is no dearth of historical detail on the Caliphs, Bedouins, Meccans, spiritual leaders, merchants, Sultans, Indian begums and even camels as they shaped the story of Mecca and its most elaborate ritual.
Mecca’s is not a simple story and never was. It was a centre for pagan faith before Muhammed’s time; the forty-year-old Muhammed found his calling in a cave in the city. But it was also the place that resisted Muhammed’s call initially and forced him to seek refuge in Yathrib, which became known as Medina, very much the cultural and intellectual capital of its time. As home to the Kaaba, seven rounds of which are among the five prescriptions for able Muslims, it draws billions of Muslims the world over.
The author outlines how centuries of Meccan life were about being a welcoming confluence for innumerable races, colours and kinds of Muslims, and the city’s fascinating and often troubled journey to a more sectarian present, when non-Muslims are excluded from its bounds. continued…

Swinging Right on the Richter ScalePrice: Rs 950
Farhana Ibrahim
From the rubble of the 2001 earthquake arose a new Bhuj, rebuilt with  bricks, mortar and the cement of Hindutva
Earthquakes are not uncommon in Gujarat’s Kutch district. Situated on a tectonic fault, the inhabitants of this arid region abutting the Arabian Sea and Rann of Kutch, have witnessed the earth’s convulsions one too many times. The most recent earthquake occurred on January 26, 2001, with other documented precedents in 1956 and 1819. Earthquakes are absorbed into folktale and mythology in Kutch, and are variously used as a metaphor to talk about unpopular kings, colonial rule or otherwise inexplicable calamity. This book is an attempt to understand the 2001 earthquake, not merely from the point of view of disaster management, but from an anthropological perspective on what natural disasters — and their aftermaths — tell us about society.
“Aftermath” here is not simply an assessment of the death toll or quantum of property damaged, nor indeed solely the degree of psychological impact the disaster had on survivors (the “aftermaths of the mind”) but, crucially, the nature of interventions that follow the earthquake, in the form of aid and reconstruction. Here, Simpson follows Naomi Klein (The Shock Doctrine: The Rise of Disaster Capitalism) to suggest that it is during a vulnerable state following a disaster, that a society is exposed to new ways of thinking. Simpson clarifies, “My focus is more firmly on the gifting of ideas and ideology than it is on sewing machines or tents”, but as he demonstrates, houses and town planning do become concrete faces of emergent political and social ideologies.
In a nutshell, Simpson’s argument is that in the months and years following the earthquake, a number of interventions were made for relief and reconstruction. Various religious and charitable organisations “adopted” villages in order to rebuild them. Some of the villages thus “adopted” had not really been damaged enough in the earthquake to warrant re-building, but this is the point: the period following the earthquake allowed for society to be re-imagined along certain lines. Rebuilt villages typically operated with a hierarchy of deservingness: Muslims and lower castes were less deserving than upper-caste Hindus. This further entrenched social cleavages that had perhaps been only incipient until that time. In the process, Simpson argues, the state retreated from the task of reconstruction, handing over this role to private organisations, particularly in rural areas. In the urban centre of Bhuj, “Town Planning”, conceived of as a public-private partnership, unleashed a flurry of activity that entailed a classification of loss, competing claims on who had suffered more, in order to continued…

Now  UCO Bank wields wilful default stick on Vijay Mallyas Kingfisher AirlinesPrint
Kolkata | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:17 am
UCO Bank may become the fourth lender to send a wilful defaulter notice to the debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines.
UCO Bank CMD Arun Kaul, talking to reporters on the sidelines of a banking colloquium organised by the CII on Friday, said the government-owned lender was examining the possibility of sending a notice to KFA.
UCO Bank has an exposure of R400 crore to the carrier, which has a total debt of R6,500 crore from a consortium of 17 banks.
Kolkata-based United Bank of India was the first lender to declare KFA promoter Vijay Mallya and its three other directors wilful defaulters. State Bank of India and Punjab National Bank followed UBI in slapping Mallya with a wilful defaulter notice.
On reports that RBI is conducting a forensic audit on KFA, Kaul said he was yet to get any feedback from the regulator. Although SBI deputy managing director Sunil Srivastava didn’t want to comment on the next step the bank would take, he said banks have learnt their lessons. “We have learnt our lessons. Banking is a business of risk and we go by validation of experts. Banking is also a business of trust. We have to trust the promoter, the chartered accountants and the ones who validate. Even trust is validated,” said Srivastava.
Indian Banks Association chief executive Mohan V Tanksale said, “We have to see whether the fraud perpetrators connived with the banks.” Kaul said the banks were de-risking their balance sheets by taking a conservative approach towards lending to big projects. But not many big projects were going on at present and the choices for viable lending might emerge after six months, Canara Bank CMD RK Dubey added.

European Union hails Scotland vote as boost for  united  EuropeEuropean Union hails Scotland vote as boost for  united  Europe
Lml is interesting this is because the company is revised the future b...Silver Member
4 Followers
share market ki chal deko kab sota ha kab jagta ha kahase cadta kahase utataha -----bus etna dhayan rakoge to paisa hi paisa ha --last diwala ha ja har bar hota ha  koe bach nahi patah   1992--2000---2008 --ko deko 2016 me bachne ki tayarikaro?
2.39 PM Sep 20th

Kings XI Punjab pass Hobart Hurricanes test  win their CLT20 openersports
Kings XI Punjab pass Hobart Hurricanes test, win their CLT20 opener
Hurricanes' Tim Paine tries to cut an arm ball from Axar Patel and is bowled. (Source: BCCI)
KXIP bowlers frustrated the Hobart batters and they were 78/4. Jon Wells played some lovely shots but was run-out for 28(19). (Source: BCCI)
Maxwell took some time to judge this catch.  Ben Dunk skied a Perera delivery to the mid-wicket boundary only to hole out to Maxwell. (Source: BCCI)
The green pitch surprisingly gave more assistance to the spinners early on as Axar and Karanveer picked up two big wickets for KXIP. (Source: BCCI)
Travis Birt hit the inexperienced Karanveer for some huge sixes but it was  not enough to give the Australian side a goof total. (Source: BCCI)
Hobart got off to a dream start and Bollinger had Sehwag caught off the first delivery at deep third-man. (Source: BCCI)
Manan Vohra, Miller and Saha too fell after short stays at the crease and KXIP were in a spot of bother at 23/3. (Source: BCCI)
George Bailey and Ben Hilfenhaus share a lighter moment with the umpire S Ravi. (Source: BCCI)
Maxwell played his natural game and made a quick 43(25) and set it up for his skipper Bailey and Perera. (Source: BCCI)
Bailey played a calm and composed innings and stayed on with Perera before he finished of the game with two consecutive fours. (Source: BCCI)
Thisara Perera was adjudged the man of the match for his all round performance 3-0-17-2 and 35(20). (Source: BCCI)
Related

Scots embraced a historic moment as UK held its breathA doubtful ballot paper is held up as ballot papers are counted through the night in the Scottish Independence Referendum at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Edinburgh | Posted: September 19, 2014 9:38 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 9:42 am
From the capital of Edinburgh to the far-flung Shetland Islands, Scots embraced a historic moment and the rest of the United Kingdom held its breath after voters turned out in huge numbers for an independence referendum that could end Scotland’s 307-year union with England.
Results coming in early Friday brought cheer to the anti-independence “Better Together” camp. With 11 of 32 regional electoral centers reporting, the No side had about 53 percent of the vote to about 47 for the Yes side. But results from the big cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow were still to come.
Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson told the BBC she was confident the “silent majority” of Scots would deliver a No victory, but the Yes campaign said it was too early to predict the outcome.
After the polls closed late Thursday, a nationwide count began immediately. Many Scots stayed up overnight in homes and bars, awaiting a result that could possibly change their lives, shake financial markets worldwide and boost other independence movements from Flanders to Catalonia to Quebec.
“Why not roll the dice for once?” Yes supporter Thomas Roberts said at one Edinburgh polling station. “I’m going to sit with a beer in my hand watching the results coming in.”
At Highland Hall outside of Edinburgh, where the final result will be announced later Friday, vote-counters at dozens of tables sorted through paper ballots, watched keenly by monitors from the Yes and No camps.
Eager voters had lined up outside some polling stations even before they opened Thursday. Turnout totals for a number of regions ranged from 75 percent to over 90 percent, among the highest levels seen in decades. More than 4.2 million people had registered to vote 97 percent of those eligible including residents as young as 16.
For some, it was a day they had dreamed of for decades. For others, the time had finally come to make up their minds about the future both for themselves and for the United Kingdom.
“Fifty years I fought for this,” said 83-year-old Isabelle Smith, a Yes supporter in Edinburgh’s maritime district of Newhaven, a former fishing port. “And we are going to win. I can feel it in my bones.”
After polls closed, some No campaigners said they were confident they had swayed enough undecided voters to stave off independence. They may have been helped by a last-minute offer from Britain’s main political parties to give Scotland more powers if voters reject secession, and by fears about the future of Britain’s pensions and the National Health Service in an independent Scotland.
British Prime Minister David Cameron was to make a televised address about Britain’s future Friday morning after the result was announced.
The question on the ballot could not be simpler: “Should Scotland be an independent country?”
Yet it divided Scots during months of campaigning, generating an unprecedented volume and intensity of public debate and participation. The Yes side, in particular, energized young people and previously disillusioned working-class voters.
Many questions _ the currency an independent Scotland would use, its status within the 28-nation European Union and NATO, the fate of Britain’s nuclear-armed submarines, based at a Scottish port _ remain uncertain or disputed after months of campaigning.
One thing was known: A Yes vote would trigger 18 months of negotiations between Scottish leaders and London-based politicians on how the two countries would separate their institutions before Scotland’s planned Independence Day on March 24, 2016.
After weeks in which the British media talked of little else, the television airwaves were almost a referendum-free zone Thursday due to electoral rules. On the streets, it was a different story, with rival Yes and No billboards and campaigners outside many polling places.
For Smith, who went to the polling station decked out in a blue-and-white pro-independence shirt and rosette, statehood for Scotland was a dream nurtured during three decades living in the U.S. with her late husband.
“The one thing America has that the Scots don’t have is confidence,” said Smith, who returned to Scotland years ago. “But they’re getting it, they’re walking tall.”
Other Yes campaigners insisted Scots would not allow a return to the status quo, even if the independence bid failed.
“Whatever happens, Scotland is going to be different,” said Luke Campbell, a member of the Radical Independence Movement.
But some No supporters said the pro-independence campaign had fueled bad feeling among neighbors.
“The country is divided with a hatchet. It’s so awful and it was completely unnecessary,” said Fiona Mitchell, distributing No leaflets outside a polling station.
If the Yes side prevails, First Minister Alex Salmond will have realized a long-held dream of leading his country to independence from an alliance with England that was formed in 1707.
“This is our opportunity of a lifetime and we must seize it with both hands,” Salmond said in his final pre-vote speech.
Pro-independence forces got a last-minute boost Thursday from tennis star Andy Murray, who signaled his support of the Yes campaign in a tweet to his 2.7 million followers.
Anti-independence leaders, including former Prime Minister Gordon Brown, himself a Scot, implored Scots not to break their links with the rest of the United Kingdom and stressed the economic uncertainties that independence would bring. There were fierce disputes over whether an independent Scotland could use the pound and several major companies said they would move their headquarters from Scotland to England if the Yes vote prevailed.
Many Yes supporters headed to symbolic spots like Calton Hill overlooking Edinburgh, hoping the sun would rise Friday on a new dawn of independence and not just a hangover.
But financial consultant Michael MacPhee, a No voter, said he would observe the returns “with anxiety.”
Scottish independence is “the daftest idea I’ve ever heard,” he said.

Dad Anil Kapoor  sister Rhea and Ranveer watch Sonam  Fawads Khoobsuratentertainment
Dad Anil Kapoor, sister Rhea and Ranveer watch Sonam, Fawad’s ‘Khoobsurat’
Actor Anil Kapoor hosted a special screening of his daughter Sonam’s newly released ‘Khoobsurat’. Also seen were Ranveer Singh, Mandira Bedi and Sonam’s sister Rhea.
Ranveer Singh steals the show looking super-cool in a multi-coloured tee shirt with a matching jacket and denims. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Anil Kapoor, who will be seen in Zoya Akhtar’s upcoming ‘Dil Dhadakne Do’, was all dressed in black for the movie night. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actress and designer Mandira Bedi showed off her figure in a neon coloured strap top with skinny jeans. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonam got her nerd on in cat-eye frames and a jacket with a white lace top, denims and pumps. Her onscreen love Fawad was dashing in a blue shirt and brick coloured pants. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonam’s producer sister Rhea Kapoor was casual in black with a printed scarf. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
‘Finding Fanny’ actor Naseeruddin Shah arrived with wife Ratna Pathak who plays the role of Nirmala Devi Rathore in ‘Khoobsurat’. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Farhan Akhtar also made it a point to watch his ‘Bhaag Milkha Bhaag’ co-star, Sonam onscreen as he arrived with business partner and friend Ritesh Sidhwani. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
‘Bhaag Milkha Bhaag’ director Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra poses for the camera. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The filmmaker was joined by his wife P. S. Bharathi and their children. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actress Tisca Chopra was smart in a striped top with high-waist pants. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
‘Kai Po Che’ director Abhishek Kapoor arrives. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonam’s uncle Sanjay Kapoor put in a solo appearance. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Sonam Kapoor  Fawad Khan take  Khoobsurat  to Wagah Borderentertainment
Sonam Kapoor, Fawad Khan take ‘Khoobsurat’ to Wagah Border
Fawad Khan and Sonam Kapoor attended the Beating Retreat ceremony at Wagah Border to promote their film ‘Khoobsurat’ that hit the screens today on September 19. (Source: Facebook)
The presence of the celebrities not only brought smiles to the faces of Indian soldiers but also to their Pakistani counterparts who were equally excited to have a glimpse of them. (Source: Facebook)
Sonam and the handsome Pakistani actor shook hands with Pakistani Rangers and also exchanged pleasantries. (Source: Facebook)
Sonam was dressed in a bright yellow anarkali by designer duo Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla. (Source: Facebook)
Sonam and Fawad also met their senior co-star in the film Kirron Kher in Amritsar. (Source: Facebook)
Related

Gates Foundation announces USD 7 lakh for J-K flood reliefPrint
Flood hit victims salvage their belongings from their collapsed house at Saida Kadal in Srinagar on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 6:25 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 6:30 pm
American business tycoon and philanthropist Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Friday announced an emergency relief fund of USD 700,000 for the flood victims of Jammu and Kashmir.
The help came in response to a request from Minister of State for Personnel Jitendra Singh, who hails from Jammu and Kashmir.
The announcement was made by Gates when he called on Singh here to discuss mutually shared areas of interest.
Singh and Gates talked about shared areas of focus, including the existing Memorandum of Understanding between the Foundation and the Department of Biotechnology/Biotechnology Industry Research Assistance Council (BIRAC) for their Grand Challenges initiative.
The Foundation’s Grand Challenges in Global Health initiative fosters scientific and technological innovation to solve key health problems in the developing world.
This initiative promotes Indian innovations in the areas such as sanitation and malnutrition, to help all children survive, thrive and reach their full potential, an official release said.
“I share the minister’s belief in the power of technology to change the world and I applaud his commitment on harnessing the power of Indian innovation to save lives, through initiatives such as Reinvent The Toilet Challenge: India ,” Gates said.

Cogent Glass inaugurates Rs 200-cr unit in TelanganaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Cogent Glass inaugurates Rs 200-cr unit in Telangana
K V Kurmanath
Hyderabad, Sept 18:  
Cogent Glass today inaugurated its Rs 200-crore manufacturing facility in Addakal mandal of Mahboobnagar in Telangana district.
The facility was inaugurated by the Telangana Chief Minister, K Chandrasekhara Rao.
Located on the Hyderabad-Bangalore national highway, the facility is expected to provide direct employment to 450 workers and indirect employment to over 1,000 people.
The facility has a production capacity of one million pieces a day of Type I moulded vials and half-a-million pieces of tubular glass containers for the pharmaceutical industry.
Oaktree Capital investment
Established in Hyderabad in 2010, Cogent was acquired last year by Oaktree Capital Management, a US-based investment firm managing over $80 billion in assets and with several investments in the packaging sector.
Oaktree had also invested in the French firm SGD which is a leading manufacturer of glass for the pharmaceutical and cosmetics industries.
SGD Group will invest an additional Rs 200 crore to double the capacity at its Adakkal facility built by its affiliate Cogent Glass.
Group CEO Ashok Sudan said the firm would hire 500 more in the next three years.
Infrastructure at Vemula plant
The infrastructure at Vemula plant includes batch plant from Germany, glass melting from Italy, IS machines for moulded vials from Sweden, inspection machines from France and tubular conversion machines from Italy and is spread over 30 acres owned by Cogent Glass Ltd.
“The plant in Vemula will produce high quality moulded Type I glass vials as well as tubular glass vials and ampoules for the pharmaceutical industry. It has become the first in the world to successfully produce both moulded glass vials and tube from a single furnace,” a top company executive had said on Thursday.
Currently, Telangana produces approximately 1-5 Million glass vials for the pharmaceutical industry.
The pharmaceutical packaging industry in India is estimated to be worth about Rs 1,100 crore and growing at a rate of 17 per cent.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Psy s  Gangnam style  kick-starts Asian Games in Incheonprint
Pop sensation Psy brought the housedown 'Gangnam Style' as Incheon laid out the red carpet for over 13,000 competitors from 45 countries with an exhilarating opening ceremony to launch the 17th Asian Games at the main stadium at Incheon on Friday.
    
Psy's performance was the high point of the spectacular show as the world's second-biggest multi-sports spectacle after the Olympic Games was kickstarted with customary fanfare, including fireworks and breathtaking visual effects.
    
South Korean singer Psy performs during the opening ceremony of the 17th Asian Games in Incheon. (Reuters/Tim Wimborne)
Korean President Park Geun-hye declared the Games open amid thunderous cheers from a capacity crowd as dazzling fireworks lit up the evening sky.
    
The competing teams marched into the stadium in the final act of the evening. The Indian athletes trooped in after Iran with hockey skipper Sardar Singh leading out the smartly-dressed contingent.
Flag bearer of India Sardar Singh leads the team into the Opening Ceremony of the 17th Asian Games in Incheon. (Reuters Photo)
    
The Indians were attired in black blazers with the women athletes dressed in blue sarees. The smiling athletes walked in waving the tri-colour. India have sent a nearly 700-strong contingent for the event and will take part in 28 disciplines.
    
The flame was lit up by celebrated Korean actress Lee Young-ae, setting the stage for two weeks of action in the city -- the second Korean venue for the Games in the last 12 years.
    
As is the custom, the event was divided into the informal and formal parts.
    
It began with a welcoming performance, lasting close to 80 minutes, to greet the spectators at the 60,000-capacity stadium that was filled to the brim.
    
Fireworks explode over Incheon Asiad Main Stadium during the opening ceremony for the 17th Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea. (AP Photo/Yonhap, Sung Yeon-je)
It included a cultural heritage performance of Pungmul Play, performance by a cheering squad, a congratulatory video of celebrities, and K-Pop boy group EXO's performance to get the spectators revved up for the main event.
    
The session was divided into three parts -- "Incheon, the magnet of dreams," "Incheon, where all of us become friends," and "Tomorrow, dreamed by all of us." Initially a video introducing the 17th Asian Games and a promotion video introducing the major facilities was displayed on the big screen.
Dancers perform a routine during the opening ceremony of the 2014 Asian Games at the Incheon Asiad Main Stadium in Incheon. (AFP Photo)
 
This was followed by a display of Korea's traditional drums and cymbal-type instruments before emcees Kim Sung-ju and Youn Soo-young came on stage.
    
Then, a cheering team formed by the city's children, including the squads Impact, Rainbow Air and K Sungsuk Jumping Angels took centrestage, performing to a remix of songs from past sports events held in Korea, including the theme song of the 1988 Seoul Olympics, and the 2002 FIFA World Cup.

Keeping a tradition alive  Xi meets family of Dr. KotnisNew Delhi, September 19, 2014
Updated: September 19, 2014 17:16 IST
Keeping a tradition alive, Xi meets family of Dr. Kotnis
PTI
Tweet
PTI Chinese President Xi Jinping presents the Panchsheel (Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence) Friendship Award to Manorama Kotnis, sister of late Indian doctor Dwarkanath Kotnis, at a function in New Delhi on Friday.
PTI Chinese President Xi Jinping greets Manorama Kotnis, sister of late Indian doctor Dwarkanath Kotnis, at the Panchsheel (Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence) Friendship Award presentation function in New Delhi on Friday.
TOPICS
people
It has been a tradition with visiting Chinese leaders to meet the family of Dr. Dwarkanath Kotnis and President Xi Jinping followed it by meeting the sister of the famed physician and recalling “the fine representative who gave his precious life in China”.
For the meeting, the Chinese Consulate-General in Mumbai specially flew Dr. Kotnis’ 93-year-old sister Manorama, who is wheel chair bound, and her family to Delhi so that Mr. Xi could meet and felicitate her.
Dr. Kotnis, who is revered in China for his contributions, was an Indian physician who died while treating Chinese soldiers during the second China-Japan war in 1942.
“In the critical hour of Chinese people’s war with Japanese aggression, the Indian medical mission travelled thousands of miles to assist us and fought shoulder to shoulder with people of my father’s generation against Japanese fascists. The fine representative, young Dr. Kotnis gave his precious life in China.
“General Mao Zedong once wrote in his honour ‘The Chinese Army has lost a helping hand, the nation a friend. Let us always bear in mind his international spirit’,” Mr. Xi said, remembering Dr. Kotnis.
Appreciating the gesture of the Chinese leadership who keeps meeting the family till date, Ms. Manorama, who has partially lost her vision, said, “Even when a new Consul-General takes charge in Mumbai, he comes to visit the family of Dr. Kotnis.”
“Till now, our extended family has visited China 20 times. They have maintained the warmth for all these years,” said Rajan Borkar, son-in-law of Dr. Kotnis’ elder brother, whose family now takes care of Ms. Manorama.
Dr. Kotnis went to China in 1937 as part of an Indian medical mission after China was invaded by Japan. He served on the battlefield and saved lives of many Chinese soldiers. After working for four years in China, he fell ill and died at a young age of 32.
In China, Dr. Kotnis fell in love and married a Chinese nurse who worked with him. Quo Qinglan, who remained in China, died in 2012 in the city of Dalian. They also had a son, who was studying to become a doctor but he died when he was 24.
Last year, Premier Li Keqiang had met his family . In 2006, when Chinese President Hu Jintao visited India , he met the family. In the past, the Kotnis family met with then premier Zhou Enlai in 1950, followed by president Jiang Zemin in 1996.

Bangalore: 350 children hospitalised after having midday meal in schoolPress Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 19, 2014 5:52 pm
Around 350 children of a government-run Urdu primary school were hospitalised on Friday as they fell ill after having mid-day meal at K G Halli here, two ministers said.
The children were rushed to hospital after they complained of head ache and stomach ache and started vomiting, doctors at the Dr Ambedkar Medical College Hospital said.
“Around 350 students have fallen ill and have been admitted to Ambedkar Hospital. Most of them have returned home after getting the treatment,” Health Minister U T Khader told reporters here.
“When we came here many children had gone home after getting the treatment. No one should panic and create confusion… we have to clear confusion and fear among parents and children,” he said.
“… We will discuss this with the department concerned, investigate the matter and take action…,” he said.
Transport Minister Ramlinga Reddy, who visited the hospital, said 350 children took ill but they were now “alright and will be discharged soon”.
Anxious parents rushed to the hospital, making it tough for the police to control them.
The children were brought to the hospital around 3.30 pm with complaints of vomiting sensation, Anjaneya, Manager, Ananda Social and Educational Trust which runs the hospital, said.
He said doctors were told that a lizard was found in the food served to the children.
According to him the children were brought to the hospital and about 30 had already been discharged. “Others are undergoing treatment. There is no serious case.”
The children were rushed to hospital after they complained of head ache and stomach ache and started vomiting.

Narendra Modi has spoken from his heart: BJPE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tech Mahindra aims to clock USD 5 billion revenues by FY17E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How  Eleven Jinping  cost a DD newsreader her jobPrime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping prior to a meeting at Hyderabad House in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI photo)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:29 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 5:47 pm
An embarrassing faux pas has proved costly for a Doordarshan newsreader. This casual newsreader mistook ‘Xi’ in Chinese President Xi Jinping’s name to be the Roman letter for 11 and read the name as Eleven Jinping.
The newsreader has been removed. The mistake happened during a late night bulletin which is generally read by casual newsreaders since the regulars do not prefer to work at that time.

BPCL to spruce up its LNG portfolio via JV routeBPCL to spruce up its LNG portfolio via JV route
Seat-sharing row: Shiv Sena  BJP try and hold on  for nowComments
The Shiv Sena-BJP alliance was kept intact on Friday after senior leaders of both parties met and decided to begin negotiations with a new seat-sharing formula. The alliance had reached breaking point as the parties had suspended talks last week owing to differences over seat sharing for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls.
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray’s son Aaditya and senior party leader Subhash Desai held talks with BJP in-charge OP Mathur on Friday evening. At the time of going to press, both sides were engaged in discussions at the Mayor’s bungalow.
“We are still discussing things,” said Desai, adding that the alliance will survive.
The Sena has agreed to consider a new proposal for sharing seats — Sena’s 59 and BJP’s 19 — that both parties have not won in the last 25 years. This was agreed upon after the BJP refused to accept the 119 seats offer and reminded the Sena about the sacrifices it has made in the past to save the alliance.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Cabinet colleague Nitin Gadkari met twice in New Delhi on Friday to discuss the situation. Sources said it was on the PM’s instructions that the state core committee, which met Friday afternoon, proposed a new formula to the Sena. Gadkari, who was to visit the city on Friday evening, cancelled his trip citing health reasons.
Sources from the Sena said the party top brass was unwilling to accept less than 150 seats, while the under the formula suggested by the BJP, the former will get less than 150 seats and the latter would have around 125 seats, 10 less than their initial demand. The four smaller allies are proposed to be given 15 to 18 seats.
Read: Sene lashes out at Rajnath Singh on love jihad issue
State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis demanded that all doubts be cleared once and for all. “The two sides still have serious differences. The Sena says our demand is unjust, while we too feel they are unjust. We have many things to decide [before the final outcome is decided],” he said.
Friday’s moves, however, have not brought relief to the cadre of both parties, as there is still no outcome with the process of filing nominations beginning on Saturday.
Read: Silent on Sena, Shah urges workers to bring BJP to power
Eknath Khadse, Opposition leader in the Assembly, said his party had given six Lok Sabha seats and one Rajya Sabha seat to the Sena in the past. “Most of them were sitting positions. Of late, we accommodated RPI’s Ramdas Athvale on the Rajya Sabha seat held by Prakash Javadekar,” said Khadse, after the BJP state core committee meeting.
The tension between the allies escalated after the BJP demanded an equal share of the state’s 288 Assembly seats, citing the Lok Sabha poll results, where they won 23 seats against the Sena’s 18. In 2009, the Sena had contested 169 seats and the BJP 119, winning 44 and 46, respectively. Later, talks were suspended after Udhhav Thackeray raised doubts over the impact of a Modi wave in the state polls.
Read: Shah shrugs off loss, says rivals have grown wings
On Thursday, BJP’s national president Amit Shah had asked for an immediate response from the Sena, but his demand for protecting the BJP’s self-esteem did not go well with their ally. Sniffing “arrogance” in Shah’s statements made at public rallies in western Maharashtra, the Sena said no one could issue them an ultimatum and asked the BJP to accept 119 seats or forget the pact.

New web  old tricks: JuD opens websites from US serverprint
JuD chief Hafiz Saeed
Recently when Jamat-ud-Dawa (JuD), the parent organisation of dreaded terrorist organisation Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) resurfaced in the World Wide Web and launched its websites www.jamatdawa.org and www.jamatdawa.net hosted from a server in the United States of America, it came as a real shocker for the law enforcement authorities.
However, this is not the first time when JuD has managed a return to the World Wide Web as in the past the banned outfit has changed its identity, floated various charity organisations and tweaked names to launch websites.
Police sources said, Hafiz Mohammed Saeed, the Pakistan-based terror mastermind, along with Zafar Iqbal and Abdullah Yusuf Azam had joined hands to form a charitable organisation under the name Markaz al-Dawa Wal Irshad (MDI) (The Centre for Religious Learning and Propagation) in 1986, and soon floated a website under the name www.markazdawa.org . However, after the 9/11 attack, the United States of America mounted pressure on Pakistan to dismantle its terror network, imposed sanctions on MDI, and ensured that the organization, which acted as a front for LeT, shut down its website.
However, US could do little when MDI shifted the entire content of its website to another online portal named www.dawacenter.org . The website remained active till Saeed re-christened his organization as Jamat-ud-Dawa in 2001 and launched a website in Urdu and English under the name www.jamatuddawa.org , added police sources.
The site voiced the opinion of JuD’s senior leadership, including head of Jamat-ud-Dawa’s department of political affairs, Hafiz Abd-ur-Rahman Makki, as well as Maulana Ameer Hamza, Yahya Mujahid, Hafiz Abd-ur-Raoof, Hafiz Khalid Waleed, and Abdullah Muntazir till Mumbai 26/11 terrorist attack in 2008. Soon after the attack, the United National Security Council once again declared Jamat-ud-Dawa to be front of Lashkar-e-Taiba, the terrorist wing that plotted the Mumbai terror attack, and levied sanctions on the outfit.

Here s why Modis defence of Muslims is expediently wiseprint
Narendra Modi’s endorsement of Indian Muslims might have come a trifle late. But its significance or expedience cannot be downplayed in the light of internal security imperatives dovetailed to his economic agenda.
The Prime Minister defended unambiguously the community long painted by him and his ideological Parivar as one with extra-territorial loyalties. Even in the recent bypolls the BJP so badly lost in Uttar Pradesh, the party’s campaign revolved around what it propagated as ‘love jihad’ to convert Hindu girls to Islam.
Modi’s silence through the campaign was confounding -- more so because it was an antithesis of his economic agenda the fruition of which depended on the ecology of social peace. An alienated mass of 170-180 million Indians was as much bad news for internal security amid the media hyperbole over a handful of Muslim youth misled into joining the Islamic State’s killer gangs in Iraq and Syria.
The al Qaeda’s proposed competitive ‘jihad’ in our region to beat back the ISIS challenge added to the scenario a dimension no government could have risked ignoring. In fact, Modi’s uncharacteristic overture to Muslims was in response to a question on Ayman al-Zawhiri’s announcement of the Qaeda’s India wing.
Read: Modi says Indian Muslims will live and die for India
It’s difficult to deduce at this juncture whether Modi’s remark marked a departure from the politics of attrition he’s known to have practised or approved in Gujarat and in his successful bid for power at the Centre.
The fact nevertheless remains that he hasn’t ever been as upfront in his endorsement of Muslims as he was in his interview to CNN’s Fareed Zakaria: “Indian Muslims will live and die for India. They will not want anything bad for India.”
He chose his words as carefully as the forum that afforded him, on the eve of his visit to the US, a global audience on an issue on which he has rarely inspired confidence. “My understanding is that they (al Qaeda) are doing injustice towards Muslims of our country. If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tunes, they are delusional,” he said.
For a lasting connect with the community apprehensive of his ways, Modi has to start charity from home. A good beginning in that direction will be the acceptance by his party and the RSS of his call for a 10-year moratorium on social conflict.

View: India & China still have problems betw...You are here: Home > Collections > Lac
India & China still have big problems between them
Sep 20, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
(Since the last major flare…)
By Manoj Joshi
From the outset it has been clear that Prime Minister Narendra Modi would have to walk the razor's edge in his interaction with China's paramount leader Xi Jinping.
That is because, notwithstanding the friendly rhetoric and promises of Chinese investment, India and China still have big problems between them. The biggest, as Modi's remarks at the press interaction noted, was the border. Since the last major flare up in 1986-87, India and China have created a 'confidence building measures' regime, which has effectively kept peace there. But, as incidents in the last couple of days reveal, unsettled borders can never really be quiet borders.
For this reason, Modi, was perhaps the first Indian leader in recent times to directly speak of the issue, and that, too, before China's supreme leader. He echoed what Xi himself has been saying, and what he reiterated — that we should resolve the border at the earliest. Second, while the CBMs have done a good work, Modi said there was a need to, at least, work out a commonly accepted alignment of the 4,056-km long Line of Actual Control that marks the border today. There are some 14 places on the LAC where India and China's perception of where it lies differs, and this gives rise to the so-called "transgressions" or "incursions".
According to the 1993 agreement on maintaining peace and tranquillity on the LAC, the two countries committed themselves to coming up with a mutually acceptable LAC. But after initial exchanges of maps, the process ground to a halt because in Atal Bihari Vajpayee's tenure, there were expectations that the two sides would actually resolve their border dispute quick time.
Following the appointment of highlevel Special Representatives in the wake of Vajpayee's 2003 visit to Beijing, things moved fast and the two sides worked out a basic agreement on the "Political Parameters and Guiding Principles for the Settlement of the India China Boundary Question "in 2005 which would essentially have the two sides swap their claims — India's Aksai Chin for China's Arunachal Pradesh.
The 17 rounds of discussions between the Special Representatives have done the required work, what is now needed is for the political leaders, which means Xi and Modi, to finalise the settlement. There are other problems, some that have been spoken about openly, some not and some only obliquely. Among the ones that have not openly come up is China's activities in South Asia, especially Pakistan. As long as Beijing seeks to keep India unsettled in its own region, we cannot really develop ties which could be called friendly.
  Among the ones that have been obliquely mentioned by Modi is that of transboundary rivers. In the west the problem relates to the Sutlej and the Indus, and in the east to the Brahmaputra. The Chinese have agreed to provide India with data related to river flows, but there is nothing we can do to prevent them from damming or diverting the flow of the rivers that flow into India.
International law is weak on these issues and the Chinese say they provide India information on river flows on "humanitarian grounds" not on the basis of any special right that we have as a lower riparian.
As a realist, Modi cannot but be unaware of the fact that the Indian public's expectations of him relate to his ability to deliver on the economic front. In that scheme of things, China plays a huge role as the engine of the world's economy. At the same time, that same constituency also expects Modi to best China in the geopolitical competition with China. Unfortunately, he cannot do both at the same time, particularly at this juncture. He needs time to get the economy going, as well as to reform and restructure the instrumentalities of the state to even think of competing with China as an equal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Palace in Amethi locked in battle of inherit...You are here: Home > Collections > Amethi
Royal fued: 50-year-old Bhupati Bhawan Palace in Amethi locked in inheritance battle
Manmohan Rai, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Amethi
(The bitter feud has spilled…)
The 450-year-old Bhupati Bhawan Palace in Amethi has been witness to several political battles in the past four decades, but now it finds itself at the centre of a palace coup that involves two feuding queens and a 'rebel' prince out to unseat the Raja.
While 62-year-old Raja Sanjay Sinh and his son prince Anant Vikram Singh slug it out to claim the family legacy and ownership of the palace and other properties, the two queens are competing for the Raja's affection and legitimacy as the real queen of the Amethi royal family.
The bitter feud has spilled out into the public domain, with several FIRs being lodged and public clashes among supporters of the two sides. On Monday, both Raja Sanjay Sinh and his son held separate press conferences in different corners of the 75-room palace hurling accusations at each other.
Anant, 37, even went to the extent of demanding a CBI probe into the killing of ace badminton player Syed Modi, in which his father Sanjay Sinh was once an accused but was later acquitted.
Caught in between are the people of Amethi town who have shared a social and political bond with the family but are now being forced to take sides. The Raja, much to his annoyance, finds his former subjects turning increasingly towards his son and his estranged first wife Garima Singh.
With the pallu of her saree firmly pulled over her head, Rani Garima Singh, who has been confined to a small corner of the palace tells ET, "I have been thrown out of the palace by the scheming Amita Modi (Sinh) and Sanjay Sinh. I did not protest then and suffered in silence.
But now when I see that my son and daughters are being sidelined and denied their rights, I have decided to come out in the open after more than two decades of suffering and injustice.
People of Amethi know the true story and what treatment was meted out to me and my children. They are my only support as Amita and Sanjay Sinh have powerful friends who are helping them. But the people of Amethi are with me."
ROOT OF THE PROBLEM
The bitter turn of events for the Amethi royal family traces its roots to the sensational murder of ace badminton player Syed Modi in the summer of 1988. Sanjay Sinh, who enjoyed proximity to the Nehru Gandhi family, was then a high flying leader of the Congress.
A fitness freak, he used to regularly play badminton at the KD Singh Babu stadium in Lucknow and became friends with Syed Modi and his wife Amita, who was also a shuttler.
In a sudden and mysterious turn of events, Syed Modi, the eight time national badminton champion, was shot dead outside the stadium in July 1988. Fingers were raised at Sanjay Sinh and Amita Modi and both were named in the police case and even jailed for a brief while.
Shortly afterwards, Sinh divorced Rani Garima Sinh and married Amita Modi, anointing her the Rani of Amethi. Garima Sinh was chucked out of the Bhupati Bhawan Palace in Amethi and Amita took on the role of the dutiful Rani and later entered politics.
Anant Vikram Sinh says "the marriage of Sanjay Sinh to Amita Modi was illegal. Sanjay Sinh obtained divorce from my mother through fraudulent means. Even the Supreme Court has ruled the same, annulling the divorce decree obtained by my father.
Therefore the marriage of Sanjay Sinh to my mother Garima Sinh still holds and the so-called marriage to Amita Modi does not exist. Amita is a fake Rani. But this legality apart, it is the conniving of Amita Modi to usurp properties of the royal estate, which we want to expose.
She has even kept Sanjay Sinh in the dark on many issues. Both of them have been cut off with the people of Amethi and alienated them from the royal family".
 
THE WEALTH
Though there is no official estimate of the value of the Palace and other properties owned by the royal family, it is estimated to run into several crores. Sanjay Sinh also controls a clutch of educational institutions in and around Amethi, besides properties in several cities including Lucknow, Varanasi, Gorakhpur and Delhi.
Palace folklore has it that treasure worth hundreds of crores is buried inside the palace compound. Anant Vikram Sinh claims that Amita has established a Trust, controlled by her, and has slowly transferred properties to it which were later sold off.
He claims ancestral properties in Varanasi and Lucknow were sold off through these means. Sanjay Sinh on his part says, "I have not known Garima Sinh for the last 25 years.
Bringing a family feud out in the open is wrong. It should have been discussed internally. Garima Sinh has brainwashed the children who were with me all these years. The allegation that I have transferred family properties is incorrect".

A special gift with love from MizoramNEW DELHI, September 20, 2014
Updated: September 20, 2014 09:09 IST
A special gift with love from Mizoram
Bindu Shajan Perappadan
The Hindu The female gibbon in Delhi zoo. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
Hoolock gibbon, highly endangered species, is listed in wildlife protection act.
The Delhi zoo has a new addition which has come here all the way from Mizoram. Currently under quarantine, the 6-8-year-old female hoolock gibbon is a highly endangered species and is listed on Schedule 1 of the Indian (Wildlife) Protection Act, 1972.
“She is getting used to the climate and change of diet at the Delhi zoo and will be introduced to the two other hoolock gibbons (a male and female) on display by the end of this month,” said zoo veterinary Dr. Paneer Selvam while speaking to The Hindu.
The animal has been brought in as part of the zoo’s breeding programme and is from the wild. “This gibbon was in the Mizoram zoo for over four years and was transported to Kolkata by road and then brought here by air. The animal, which weighs about 12-15 kg and has an average life span of 30-35 years has been brought in for our breeding programme. The female that we currently have is very old and we hope that this female will be able to thrive in this Zoo,” added Dr. Selvam.
The animal is currently coping with a change in diet and “is getting used to a new variety of fruits and other supplements being provided to her”.
“We are giving her bananas, apples and other fruits along with egg, bread and milk which are new to her. She is slowly adapting to the change and is currently doing well,” said Dr. Selvam.
Meanwhile, the zoo has suspended two animal keepers after a badly-decomposed carcass of a stump-tailed macaque was found in its enclosure. The animal whose body was found unfit for post mortem had died in the last week of August, according to zoo officials.

Asian Games: Indian women s badminton team in quarterfinalAsian Games: Indian women s badminton team in quarterfinal
Skipping of div. this year after started it last year is the ambiguous...Reposted about 41 days 20 hrs 9 min 51 sec ago by rajatkraggarwal
Dear adviser, stpicker.
Wish all our wishes meet this time. Immediately after being separated IBWSL from IBReal & listed on 11.08.13 I`m tracking this co.
- It was always a profit making co. in spite of that it was in the range of 6-8 for a considerable time?
- Reserves are also from the day of listing??
- Inspite of good profits, DIVIDEND SKIPPED that too without any explanation???
- While in IBSec, the whole profit is being paid through divs. (giving a huge 16% return at the current price of 25). Earlier it was easily available around 15 for (inspite of div.)??
- IBHousing too pays (increasing every yr.) huge div. of 35 rs. per share still share is below 400 (an bank FD yield) ?
In nutshell, in this market of manipulators there are LOT MORE FACTORS than fundamentals that prevails... still LADY LUCK has the LAST LAUGH!?!?
I will like to shift my trading a/c holding from IBWSL to IBSec. around 25. Still @ 13 IBPower may surprises!? Rest HOW the THINGS CHANGE with TIME ..Fingers Crossed!!

Dr reddy`s laboratories limited is among top gainers for this week in ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

No one has any doubt about tcs being the leaders in its field and will...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

100% delivery is only in nse  where the delivery quantity is little ov...Platinum Member
33 Followers
100% delivery is only in NSE, where the delivery quantity is little over 2 lakh shares. In BSE, it is 59.89%, which is over 1.7 cr shares out of 2.84 Cr shares traded.
Irrespective of the delivery percentages on the first day of big upward rally, looks like it found its reasons to perform well in the coming weeks and months.
Best wishes to all the investors.
9.27 AM Sep 20th

Deepika Padukone blogs on cleavage row  asks  do we zoom in on the man s crotchPrint
Deepika Padukone has penned down her thoughts and made her 'point of view' clear.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 10:18 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 6:52 pm
The aftermath to what seemed a trivial issue to some has come down to thoughtful tweets and full blown blogs. A day after a column was written and marketed in Times Of India, the leading daily whose online entertainment portal had reframed an year-old story into a demeaning piece of news tilted “OMG! Deepika’s Cleavage Show”, Deepika Padukone has penned down her thoughts and made her ‘point of view’ clear to people, who accused her series of tweets to the portal to be a well timed stunt.
Also read: Deepika Padukone angry after daily publishes story on her dress
In her counter attack, she specifies how she is ‘not naive’ about her job of ‘acting’ and how it ‘requires lots of demanding things of’ her.
Deepika Padukone also hits out at the entertainment media for disgracing the dignity of women at times. If an actress does a faux-pas at her dressing, she doesn’t do it willingly. She doesn’t relish in being the mocking point of the people, confers Deepika.
Must read: Deepika Padukone’s Twitter outburst – Stunt or Statement?
Deepika also opines that in the contemporary times, when we are striving so hard for women empowerment, the media should be more responsible towards them. She raises a point against the objectification of a real person. “It’s not about my own body or a man’s anatomy, it’s against an ideology that such regressive tactics are still being employed to draw a reader’s attention at a time when we are striving for women’s equality and empowerment,” she writes.
READ – Deepika Padukone gets huge support from Bollywood colleagues
Deepika, through her blog, brings forth the issue that plagues, in a certain way, the India of today and particularly the women. Whether we want to have an attitude shift or not is completely our choice, but the actress, definitely, shows some light to the wanton spectators of this objectification.
This might be Deepika’s final word on this issue as she doesn’t want it to get undue attention, more than it deserves. She signs off her opinion piece titled – My Point of View – by asking everybody to “show love, dignity and respect to each other”.
She quotes, “For me this topic ends here.Everyone is entitled to an opinion.I have little interest to take this further as it might get more attention than it deserves and might be further misconstrued and twisted to sell more undeserved headlines.
Having said that,please may we show love, dignity and respect to each other.”
Read her full blog here:

Grand Slam winner Li Na announces retirementWUHAN, China, September 19, 2014
Updated: September 19, 2014 09:16 IST
Grand Slam winner Li Na announces retirement
AP
AP Chinese player Li Na, a two-time Grand Slam champion from China who took tennis in Asia to a new level, announced her retirement on Friday.
TOPICS
tennis
The two time Grand Slam winner set a host of milestones for tennis in China, including being the first Chinese player to win a WTA title and the first to win a major.
Li Na, a two-time Grand Slam champion from China who took tennis in Asia to a new level, has retired due to recurring knee injuries.
The 32-year-old Li posted the news on her microblog on Friday, ending a week of intensifying speculation that she would announce her retirement ahead of the new WTA event at Wuhan, her home town.
Li won the 2011 French Open, becoming the first player from China to win a Grand Slam singles title, and clinched the Australian Open title in January in her third trip to the final at Melbourne Park.
She only entered seven tournaments after that, and hasn’t played since a third-round defeat at Wimbledon. She withdrew from three tournaments in August, including the U.S. Open, citing a right knee injury.
“Most people in the tennis world know that my career has been marked by my troubled right knee,” Li said in a statement posted on social media. “After four knee surgeries and hundreds of shots injected into my knee weekly to alleviate swelling and pain, my body is begging me to stop the pounding.
“My previous three surgeries were on my right knee. My most recent knee surgery took place this July and was on my left knee. After a few weeks of post-surgery recovery, I tried to go through all the necessary steps to get back on the court.”
Li set a host of milestones for tennis in China, including being the first Chinese player to win a WTA title and the first to win a major.
“I’ve succeeded on the global stage in a sport that a few years ago was in its infancy in China,” she said. “What I’ve accomplished for myself is beyond my wildest dreams. What I accomplished for my country is one of my most proud achievements.”

Facebook CEO wants more students to explore techE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Doordarshan anchor sacked after naming Chinese President Xi  ElevenNEW DELHI, September 19, 2014
Updated: September 20, 2014 00:56 IST
Anchor mistakes ‘Xi’ for ‘11’, loses job
Anita Joshua
Reuters Chinese President Xi Jinping
TOPICS
A newsreader of Doordarshan News has been sacked as she pronounced the name of Chinese President Xi Jinping as “Eleven Jinping” in a bulletin, mistaking “Xi” for the Roman numeral “XI.”
The bulletin went on air at 6.15 a.m. on Wednesday and she was sacked in the afternoon.
She was from the casual panel of newsreaders. They stand in for those on regular service and are paid on a daily basis.

Travel Photos: Forgotten landscapesBigg Boss 8
Forgotten landscapes
If you’re one to travel on your tax refund, you’ll probably be starting to scour the web for holiday inspiration like glittery islands, powdery snowfields or non-stop cityscapes. But if the road less travelled is what you seek, you can’t go past these forgotten landscapes.
If you’re one to travel on your tax refund, you’ll probably be starting to scour the web for holiday inspiration like glittery islands, powdery snowfields or non-stop cityscapes. But if the road ... more 
If you’re one to travel on your tax refund, you’ll probably be starting to scour the web for holiday inspiration like glittery islands, powdery snowfields or non-stop cityscapes. But if the road less travelled is what you seek, you can’t go past these forgotten landscapes. Iceland The most sparsely populated country in Europe, home to just 321,000 people, Iceland possesses a beauty that will blow you away. Brimming with volcanoes, waterfalls and restorative hot springs, and also blessed with the magical Northern Lights, it’s like visiting a distant planet. In June the sun sets briefly before rising again, but in December the sun shines for just four hours each day. less 
1 / 10

New smartphone app can tell your state of mindE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jivi JSP20: Most affordable smartphoneJivi Mobiles launched 'extremely affordable' smartphone Jivi JSP2O on September 18 at just Rs 1,999.
PHOTO: www.smart.jivi.in

Modi s big statement to CNN: Is the PM reaching out to the Indian MuslimsNow Showing: Masand reviews 'Happy Ending', 'Dumb And Dumber To'
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Former McKinsey India chief Adil Zainulbhai to chair Quality CouncilFormer McKinsey India chief Adil Zainulbhai to chair Quality Council
Our Bureau
Bijoy Ghosh Adil Zainulbhai
New Delhi, September 19:  
The Prime Minister Narendra Moid has nominated former McKinsey India head Adil Zainulbhai as the Chairman of the Quality Council of India. He will replace Arun Maira, whose term ended with previous Government.
Zainulbhai is currently working as Senior Advisor to McKinsey. He has also worked with several Government organisations, leading efforts based on urbanisation, inclusive growth and energy.
Quality Council of India is a joint initiative of the Government and three industry bodies, CII, FICCI and ASSOCHAM.  According to an official statement, the council aims to establish and operate national accreditation structure and promote quality through National Quality Campaign.
The council will carry out the Government’s commitment to propagate a culture of quality and boost manufacturing, besides products and manufacturing processes with zero defects and least impact on the environment.
The council comes under the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion under the Commerce and Industry Ministry and is a nodal Government arm for the council.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Asian Games: Upbeat Indian squad trains in earnestSummer Asian Games
Yuki Bhambri is a man on a mission. He may have to pay urgent attention to the professional circuit after missing nearly six months due to a foot injury, but the 22-year-old Delhi player has opted to do national duty this month.
He may not have been at his best in the ‘live’ fifth rubber against the second-ranked Serbian team in Davis Cup, but Yuki knows that he can be as good as anyone here, on his day, even though he may only be the eighth best  by virtue of his world rank of 154.
“There are a lot of good guys here. It is easily the best Asian event. But, anything is possible. I have played a few, and have won and lost to them,” said Yuki, after a practice session supervised by coach Zeeshan Ali, as captain Anand Amritraj was yet to join the team owing to personal commitments.
With Kazakhstan’s Andrey Golubev and Mikhail Kukushkin ranked 63 and 72 in the world respectively, the challenge for India would be much tougher in the quarterfinals, than it was against Serbia recently in Bangalore! Of course, Somdev Devvarman, Leander Paes and Rohan Bopanna, who had won two rubbers for India will not be here to assist the team.
The women’s No. 1 Ankita Raina enjoyed the slow pace and good bounce of the hard courts here and said she was ready to do her best in whichever event she gets fielded.
Like the men, the Indian women would also play Kazakhstan in the quarterfinals, albeit in a smaller draw of 16.
“If we can take the match to the doubles, it will be great,” said women’s coach Hemant Bendrey, even as he hoped that his second singles player, either Prarthana Thombare or Rishika Sunkara, would give the required start for the team, against Yuliya Putintseva of Kazakhstan. Win or lose, if the Indian women, without the services of Sania Mirza, play their best game they would have taken a step forward.
The Indian women have a match on Saturday against Oman, and the men have an additional day to train ahead of their second round against Nepal after a bye in the first. It remains to be seen as to how well the players ready themselves for the tough contest against Kazakhstan, after not facing any competition till then. The match of the day is expected to be the one in the women’s section featuring Uzbekistan against fourth-seeded Thailand.

Plan to launch a sub-Rs 4 lakh hatch  an MPV next year: Sumit Sawhney  Renault IndiaCEOPrint
Posted: September 20, 2014 5:21 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 6:33 am
French carmaker Renault, whose sports utility vehicle (SUV) Duster saw runaway success in India, now plans to launch a sub-R4 lakh hatchback and a mutli-purpose vehicle (MPV). Spearheading the next phase of growth is country CEO and managing director Sumit Sawhney, who took charge in January. In an interview with Rachit Vats, Sawhney talks about the company’s strategy to drive volumes and go up the pecking order from its current ninth position. Excerpts
Duster has helped you establish a footprint in the SUV space. Are more products lined up for launch?
Next calendar year, we plan to launch two volume products. With them, our target is to achieve a market share of over 5% in the next two years, from around 2% currently. The planned launches are a sub-R4 lakh hatchback and an MPV.
The passenger vehicle market is witnessing a slowdown. What makes you bullish?
Despite the slowdown, new launches are triggering growth. However, it’s true that growth in July-August was due to a very low base. Small car sales are going to boom with economic indicators turning positive. The MPV segment, too, is big volume churner. We are going to be just in time to leverage this opportunity.
Is the narrowing of price differential between diesel and petrol a worry?
Not really. The consumer preference for Duster is largely due to diesel, but we are strong in petrol as well. Going forward, petrol would be preferred in the small- and mid-size segment and diesel would be the preferred option beyond it. If you look back, in 2010, this was the trend when the price gap between petrol and diesel in Delhi was just Rs 10, which is comparable to the present price trend.
Is the worst over for the Indian passenger vehicle market?
Buyer sentiment is high, though the bigger impact will be seen next year. It takes time to build confidence — it doesn’t happen overnight. The next Budget would clarify things a lot. As of now, we see the government’s commitment to push manufacturing, which would key to growth.

Swinging Right on the RichterScalePrice: Rs 950
Farhana Ibrahim
From the rubble of the 2001 earthquake arose a new Bhuj, rebuilt with  bricks, mortar and the cement of Hindutva
Earthquakes are not uncommon in Gujarat’s Kutch district. Situated on a tectonic fault, the inhabitants of this arid region abutting the Arabian Sea and Rann of Kutch, have witnessed the earth’s convulsions one too many times. The most recent earthquake occurred on January 26, 2001, with other documented precedents in 1956 and 1819. Earthquakes are absorbed into folktale and mythology in Kutch, and are variously used as a metaphor to talk about unpopular kings, colonial rule or otherwise inexplicable calamity. This book is an attempt to understand the 2001 earthquake, not merely from the point of view of disaster management, but from an anthropological perspective on what natural disasters — and their aftermaths — tell us about society.
“Aftermath” here is not simply an assessment of the death toll or quantum of property damaged, nor indeed solely the degree of psychological impact the disaster had on survivors (the “aftermaths of the mind”) but, crucially, the nature of interventions that follow the earthquake, in the form of aid and reconstruction. Here, Simpson follows Naomi Klein (The Shock Doctrine: The Rise of Disaster Capitalism) to suggest that it is during a vulnerable state following a disaster, that a society is exposed to new ways of thinking. Simpson clarifies, “My focus is more firmly on the gifting of ideas and ideology than it is on sewing machines or tents”, but as he demonstrates, houses and town planning do become concrete faces of emergent political and social ideologies.
In a nutshell, Simpson’s argument is that in the months and years following the earthquake, a number of interventions were made for relief and reconstruction. Various religious and charitable organisations “adopted” villages in order to rebuild them. Some of the villages thus “adopted” had not really been damaged enough in the earthquake to warrant re-building, but this is the point: the period following the earthquake allowed for society to be re-imagined along certain lines. Rebuilt villages typically operated with a hierarchy of deservingness: Muslims and lower castes were less deserving than upper-caste Hindus. This further entrenched social cleavages that had perhaps been only incipient until that time. In the process, Simpson argues, the state retreated from the task of reconstruction, handing over this role to private organisations, particularly in rural areas. In the urban centre of Bhuj, “Town Planning”, conceived of as a public-private partnership, unleashed a flurry of activity that entailed a classification of loss, competing claims on who had suffered more, in order to continued…

Now  UCO Bank wields wilful default stick on Vijay Mallyas KingfisherAirlinesPrint
Kolkata | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:17 am
UCO Bank may become the fourth lender to send a wilful defaulter notice to the debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines.
UCO Bank CMD Arun Kaul, talking to reporters on the sidelines of a banking colloquium organised by the CII on Friday, said the government-owned lender was examining the possibility of sending a notice to KFA.
UCO Bank has an exposure of R400 crore to the carrier, which has a total debt of R6,500 crore from a consortium of 17 banks.
Kolkata-based United Bank of India was the first lender to declare KFA promoter Vijay Mallya and its three other directors wilful defaulters. State Bank of India and Punjab National Bank followed UBI in slapping Mallya with a wilful defaulter notice.
On reports that RBI is conducting a forensic audit on KFA, Kaul said he was yet to get any feedback from the regulator. Although SBI deputy managing director Sunil Srivastava didn’t want to comment on the next step the bank would take, he said banks have learnt their lessons. “We have learnt our lessons. Banking is a business of risk and we go by validation of experts. Banking is also a business of trust. We have to trust the promoter, the chartered accountants and the ones who validate. Even trust is validated,” said Srivastava.
Indian Banks Association chief executive Mohan V Tanksale said, “We have to see whether the fraud perpetrators connived with the banks.” Kaul said the banks were de-risking their balance sheets by taking a conservative approach towards lending to big projects. But not many big projects were going on at present and the choices for viable lending might emerge after six months, Canara Bank CMD RK Dubey added.

G20 nations want Putin at leaders  summitG20 nations want Putin at leaders  summit
GSK faces $489m fine in ChinaGSK faces $489m fine in China
Plan to launch sub-Rs 4 lakh hatch  MPV next year: Renault India CEOE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Al-Qaeda  delusional  if it thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune: Narendra ModiAl-Qaeda  delusional  if it thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune: Narendra Modi
CBI probe bereft of basic nuances: CourtCBI probe bereft of basic nuances: Court
Camel made Rajasthan s state animal to check its decreasing numberSep 20, 2014 at 08:58am IST
Camel made Rajasthan's state animal to check its decreasing number
12
0
Jaipur: Rajasthan government issued a notification making camel as the State animal, a step aimed at checking the decreasing number of the 'ship of the desert'.
With this, Rajasthan will now have two animals Camel and Chinkara enjoying the status of the state animal.
"A notification in this regard has been issued," a state government release said.
Rajasthan government issued a notification making camel the State animal, a step to check the decreasing number of the 'ship of the desert'.
#camel #rajasthans state animal #rajasthan government #thar desert
In July, the state government had cleared the proposal at a Cabinet meeting held in Bikaner.
Camel is mainly found in Thar desert area of the state and provides livelihood to a large number of people in rural areas.
The animal is slaughtered for meat and is also as part of sacrifice in some areas.
Camels are also transported illegally to the neighbouring states for slaughter which has resulted in fall in the number of the animal prompting the state government to take the initiative to check its dwindling population.
Animal activist Babu Lal welcomed the move and said that the government has a challenge to protect the animal from being sacrificed as part of traditional ritual and slaughtering.
4

J&K: 2 weeks after floods  many houses still marooned in 12 feet of waterNow Showing: Masand reviews 'Happy Ending', 'Dumb And Dumber To'
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Jihadist outfit with links to ISIS threatens to avenge Batla House encounterSep 20, 2014 at  08:38am IST
Jihadist outfit with links to ISIS threatens to avenge Batla House encounter
78
9
New Delhi: A jehadist outfit with links to the ISIS has threatened to launch an attack to avenge the victims of the Batla House encounter. The jehadist group called Ansar ut Tawheed Fi Bilad Al Hind issued the threat on Twitter on Friday on the sixth anniversary of the Batla House encounter.
The group hailed those who died in the encounter were martyrs. Sources say that no direct involvement of the group has been noticed in any previous attacks in India.
The group, from a Twitter handle @isabahmedia2, tweeted, "We the mujahideens renew our pledge to avenge the martyrdom of Batla House encounter and other oppressed Muslims including our imprisoned brothers unless and until we establish Sharia law in India under the global Khilafah (Caliphate) wiping out all the man-made boundaries."
The jehadist group called Ansar ut Tawheed Fi Bilad Al Hind issued the threat on Twitter on Friday on the sixth anniversary of the Batla House encounter.
#batla house encounter #ansar ut tawheed fi bilad al hind #terror threat #isis
The encounter had taken place at flat number L-18, Batla House at Jamia Nagar locality on September 19, 2008, six days after serial bomb blasts had rocked Delhi, killing 26 people and injuring 133. The police had reached Batla House on a tip off that some suspected militants involved in the blasts were holed up in the building.
Of the five, who were residing in the flat, Atif Ameen and Mohd Sajid were killed during the encounter in which Inspector Sharma had succumbed to the bullet injuries sustained during the gun fight while head constable Balwant was injured.
41

8 Investment Advices from Investment Ads8 Investment Advices from Investment Ads
DDA gives go-ahead to expansion of Lotus Temple complexNEW DELHI, September 20, 2014
Updated: September 20, 2014 09:45 IST
DDA gives go-ahead to expansion of Lotus Temple complex
Vishal Kant
Tweet
The Hindu Lotus Temple in New Delhi. File Photo
The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) on Friday allowed the Lotus Temple management to increase its ground coverage for constructing a building for training of youth. The management has requested for approval of layout plan for the building that was cleared at the DDA Board meeting.
The expansion is to be carried out on the land already in possession of the temple complex. “The issue had already been deliberated at various levels, including the technical committee that recommended relaxation in ground coverage for construction of the building. The plan was approved subject to the condition of furnishing an undertaking that the FAR in any case will not exceed beyond the sanctioned FAR,” an official said.
The Board also approved the proposal to allow more ground coverage and FAR in residential plots above 750 square metres. Officials said the issue had been notified under the Master Plan and about 109 objections/suggestions were received which were deliberated by the Board of Enquiry.
Based on the recommendations of the Board, officials said that it had been proposed by the authority that the maximum ground coverage in respect of plots from 750 sq. metres and above be increased from 40 per cent to 50 per cent and FAR be increased from 120 to 200.
“There is no change in the number of dwelling units proposed to be allowed after increase in FAR. The proposal was approved by the authority. However, it was directed that the issue be taken up to the court for allowing additional dwelling units in view of the increase in FAR,” an official said.
The authority also decided to fund the operationalisation of South Delhi Greenway or the Eco Mobility Corridor Project across the Barapullah drain. The 12.5-kilometre project is likely to cost Rs. 250 crore for phase-I – from Sarai Kale Khan to INA.
The Board also decided that a detailed project report (DPR) should be prepared for the entire stretch of Barapullah drain originating near Saib-ul-Ajab at Meharauli and ending at the confluence with the Yamuna near Barapullah Bridge.
“To prepare the DPR, a project implementation unit has been approved to be constituted under the chairmanship of Engineering Member, DDA, as the authority will be the implementation agency, with Chief Engineer (South), DDA, as the nodal officer,” an official said.

Williamson canes CobrasUpdated: September 20, 2014 02:11 IST
Williamson canes Cobras
The Hindu Kane Williamson imposed himself on the Cobras attack with a blistering century, the fastest in CLT20. Photo: K. R. Deepak Kumar
TOPICS
cricket
Northern Knights wins on D/L method
Turbo-charged by Kane Williamson’s unconquered century (101, 49b, 8x4, 5x6), the fastest ever in CLT20 history, Northern Knights blazed to an imposing 206 for five against Cape Cobras in the Oppo Champions League Twenty20 at the Shahid Veer Narayan Singh stadium here on Friday.
Rain spoilt the party for the South African squad, stranded on 44 for two, 33 short on the Duckworth & Lewis method, forcing the covers to be brought on and an exciting encounter grinding to a halt.
With no respite from the downpour, Northern Knights was declared winner.
Asked to bat, the Knights went in without Daniel Harris, one of just five CLT20 centurions, but rested after Tuesday’s injury. Langeveldt and Philander breathed fire time and again, beating tough-as-teak openers Devcich and Williamson initially.
The duo flirted with disaster, setting off on some high-risk singles, but eventually found its rich run-making vein. The pair prospered against a six-pronged attack, Williamson posting his third half-century of the tournament from 25 deliveries and Devcich, his first.
Milestones made, their pace perked up, the ball heading to and over the ropes more frequently. Devcich, wreathed with a beard born of a pact with a mate in a bar, revelled in on-side play, pulls and flicks going unchecked till Robin Peterson’s direct hit from point did him in.
Chanceless
Williamson made merry too, his chanceless century laced with late cuts, the landmark reached with a square driven six off the fearsome Philander in the dying moments of the innings. Fresh from a challenging century in his farewell match for Yorkshire last month, the Tauranga native even took the liberty of smacking Langeveldt, a former prison warder, over his head and towards the sightscreen.
Even if his endeavour spanned the entire Knights innings, Williamson’s accomplishment came off just 49 balls, embellished with eight hits to the fence and five boundary-clearing blows, duly earning him the ‘man-of-the-match’ award.
Chasing a challenging score, the Cobras were struck by a Boult thunderbolt off the very first ball, Stiaan van Zyl’s stumps splayed by the speedster.
The calmness Hashim Amla is known to bring about, didn’t last long as he was snapped up by substitute B.S. Wilson at mid-wicket.

I will fight polls  be CM again: Prithviraj ChavanI will fight polls  be CM again: Prithviraj Chavan
Dear just be focused on my review...monsanto will open around 3500= th...Gold Member
37 Followers
How can Monsanto short? It`s not in fno. Intraday shorting will take off your pants for Monsanto kind of stock.  Why do you misguide? It would be suicidal if anyone shorts Monsanto. Monsanto hits Uc during last hour of trading. Yesterday if anyone shorted must be in loss of life time with 500+ rise. I  am not saying Monsanto will not correct on Monday or may hit UC nobody could predict Monsanto exactly. Don`t give faltu advises of shorting Monsanto kind of stock. If you have stock in your holding then sell if you think it won`t go up more. If you don`t have holding then don`t short. Simple.
12.14 PM Sep 20th

Tondon where are you silent corneredPlatinum Member
102 Followers
Time has come for the gas magic to work for Reliance.  As announced by the Govt. rep in SC, Govt. will announce gas price hike by 30th Sept. so best time to buy RI at cmp.  Good luck to all
9.18 AM Sep 20th

Friday was to book profit when it touched 11.95 plus. now set your eye...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

What will be the price on thursday cloe  i want to deal in derivatives...Platinum Member
279 Followers
Derivate markets are meant for people with high skills in understanding the market, risk bearing capacity and deep pockets.  If your objective is to recover your losses, and make up some profit is a very risky because the variations in derivatives could be disastrous as the risk (with lower initial amount i.e., margin)  will be higher than the physical.  You should keep some more money on sidelines for shortfall in margins due to fall in prices, if any. Remember the old adage:  Look before you Leap.
10.40 AM Sep 20th

Hema Malini shocks  says West Bengal  Bihar widows should not come to UP s MathuraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

In a Hollywood-style video clip  ISIS challenges Barack ObamaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Iran President Hassan Rouhani terms US led anti-ISIS coalition  ridiculousE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Supreme Court seeks Centres response on online rummy and card gamesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

CBI chief s Ranjit Sinha row: Prashant Bhushan tells SC  NGO will not blow whistleblower s coverCBI chief Ranjit Sinha row: Prashant Bhushan tells SC, NGO will not blow whistleblower's cover
Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 18 2014, 14:45  IST
Sep 18 2014, 14:45  IST
 

Scotland rejects independence from UK in historic voteAfter vote to stay in UK, Scots must heal divide
By JILL LAWLESS | Associated Press –  Sat 20 Sep, 2014
Leader of Scottish Independence Push Concedes
Associated Press Videos  1:18
EDINBURGH, Scotland (AP) — Following a long night that brought floods of relief for some and bitter disappointment for others, Scotland awoke with a hangover Friday after voting to reject independence.
Now, the task was to heal the divide — and use the energy the referendum unleashed to hold London politicians to promises of more powers for Scotland.
The result — 55 percent to 45 percent — was more decisive than pollsters had foreseen and prompted Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond, who led the unsuccessful Yes campaign, to resign.
But it meant almost half of Scotland's more than 5 million people woke up in a country, the United Kingdom, that they wished to leave.
Queen Elizabeth II, who has kept out of the political debate, said Friday that "all of us throughout the United Kingdom will respect" the result.
In a statement from her Scottish home at Balmoral castle, the monarch said "despite the range of views that have been expressed, we have in common an enduring love of Scotland, which is one of the things that helps to unite us all."
Still, Yes supporters have first to get over their bitter disappointment.
"This time, I thought my vote would count for something," said truck driver Calum Noble, 25, his voice cracking with emotion as a drizzly mist enveloped the Scottish city of Glasgow.
"I wanted a better country, but it's all been for nothing. I don't believe we will get any of the things the London politicians promised."
Salmond's impassioned plea to launch a new nation fell short, with Scots choosing instead the security of remaining in union with England, Wales and Northern Ireland.  Yet the independence drive tapped a wellspring of youth and energy that campaigners vowed would endure.
"My time as leader is nearly over, but for Scotland the campaign continues and the dream shall never die," Salmond said Friday as he announced he would step down as first minister and leader of the Scottish National Party in November.
Salmond said Thursday's vote on independence had been "galvanizing, wonderful, empowering."
"We now have the opportunity to hold Westminster's feet to the fire on the vow that they have made to devolve further meaningful power to Scotland," he said.
In the last weeks of the campaign, Prime Minister David Cameron and other London-based politicians vowed more autonomy for Scotland if voters rejected separation.  A visibly relieved Cameron said Friday he would stick to his word on further powers for each of the U.K. four regions — a pledge that could change the country forever.
Promising to give Scotland new powers on taxes, spending and welfare, Cameron told reporters outside his Downing Street office that the new plans would be agreed upon by November, with draft legislation by January.
"Just as the people of Scotland will have more power over their affairs, so it follows that the people of England, Wales and Northern Ireland must have a bigger say over theirs," Cameron said. "The rights of these voters need to be respected, preserved and enhanced as well."
Turnout in the referendum was just under 85 percent, the highest level in Britain for more than half a century.
The No campaign won by wide margins in the capital, Edinburgh, and in Aberdeen, the country's oil center. The Yes campaign won Glasgow, Scotland's biggest city.
The vote had riveted the world. The strength of Scotland's pro-independence feeling had concerned leaders of NATO and the European Union — and the result disappointed separatist movements from Catalonia to Italy to Quebec.
"At least the Scots went to the polls," said Matteo Mognaschi, an observer from Italy's separatist-minded Northern League who went to Edinburgh to see the vote. "They won't even let us vote."
The No vote saved Scotland's 307-year union with England, bringing a huge sigh of relief to Britain's economic and political establishment, including Cameron, who faced calls for his resignation if Scotland had broken away.  It also kept United Kingdom from losing a substantial part of its territory and oil reserves or having to find a new base for its nuclear arsenal, now housed in Scotland.
In Washington, President Barack Obama welcomed Scotland's choice and congratulated Scots for their "full and energetic exercise of democracy."
"Harry Potter" author J.K. Rowling, who had given 1 million pounds ($1.6 million) to the No campaign, hailed "a huge turnout, a peaceful democratic process: We should be proud."
The decision spares Britain a prolonged period of financial insecurity. The pound rose to a high of $1.6509 Friday after the result, and London's FTSE 100 index was also one of the best-performing stock markets in Europe, trading 0.7 percent higher on the day.
"We have chosen unity over division," Alistair Darling, head of the No campaign, said Friday in Glasgow.
Yet in Scotland, deep divisions remain.
Many saw the independence battle as a "heads versus hearts" campaign, with cautious older Scots concluding that independence would be too risky financially, while younger ones were enamored with the idea of building their own country.
The Yes side was more vocal and more visible, but the day was won by what former Prime Minister Gordon Brown — a Scot whose emotional calls for union were crucial to the campaign — called the "silent majority."
"Just because I'm not out in the street in a kilt screaming how Scottish I am, that doesn't mean I'm not a proud Scot. I am. And a proud Brit," said Ger Robertson, 47, who celebrated the result at home in Edinburgh with a dram of his favorite single-malt whiskey.
As dawn broke to lead-gray skies, the dream of independence that had seemed so tantalizingly close evaporated in the soft drizzle the locals call dreich.
Glasgow's George Square, the rallying point for thousands of Yes supporters, was littered with placards and campaign debris. In Edinburgh, a crowd of disappointed would-be revelers outside the Scottish Parliament melted away and the city resumed its workaday routine.
After dark, however, divisions flared in George Square, where hundreds of hard-liners from Glasgow's Protestant loyalist community taunted a smaller group of pro-independence activists. Police, some on horseback, spent hours protecting the Scottish nationalists from the much larger pro-union crowd, who waved British flags, chanted "Rule Britannia!" and used flares to burn Scottish flags. There were no reports of arrests or injuries.
To heal such divisions, the Church of Scotland was to hold a service of reconciliation Sunday at Edinburgh's St. Giles Cathedral, urging the nation to unite.
"It's been very tense," said Geoff Aird, a retired firefighter who voted No.
"Because it was so close, there could still be agitation for something more for the Yes campaign," he said. "I would understand that and accept that. Let's listen to what the Yes people say."
___
Associated Press Writers Danica Kirka in London, Shawn Pogatchnik in Edinburgh and Paul Kelbie in Glasgow contributed to this report.
Recommend

NYSE tests systems  to brief investors before Alibaba s debutNYSE tests systems, to brief investors before Alibaba's debut
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 10.58AM IST
NYSE's testing comes after a series of glitches in recent years roiled markets and weighed on investor confidence, placing a bigger focus on operational risk by both regulators and market participants. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The New York Stock Exchange tested its trading systems over the summer to make sure Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's market debut on Friday goes without a hitch, after the Chinese e-commerce company's initial public offering raised $21.8 billion.
Alibaba chose the NYSE over rival exchange operator Nasdaq OMX Group Inc to list its shares in part because it worried about Nasdaq's ability to handle a massive IPO after Facebook Inc's botched market debut in 2012, sources have previously said.
Nasdaq systems buckled under the tremendous volume of orders for Facebook's stock, leading to hours of delay and losses to investors.
In a bid to avoid any glitch from marring Alibaba's market debut, the NYSE conducted two mock trading sessions to ensure brokers are able to connect to its systems and do everything they normally do during daily trading, said David Ethridge, who is in charge of IPOs at the NYSE, a unit of Intercontinental Exchange Inc.
The exercises, held for a few hours on the afternoons of July 12 and Sept. 6, both Saturdays, allowed brokers to test their messaging systems, which transmit their orders and receive the all-important confirmation messages that wreaked havoc on Nasdaq's system.
"It's really about orders and message traffic," said Ethridge, who traveled to China before and after Alibaba chose the iconic Big Board as its listing venue. Customers could ask all the questions they need answered so that "we all feel good going into this thing."
The NYSE also plans to hold a conference call at 8:30 a.m. (1230 GMT) to provide operational updates to members of the trading, technology and operations segments of the industry.
Alibaba's shares priced at $68 per share, at the top end of the range, on Thursday, valuing the company at $167.6 billion. Its shares are expected to start trading some time after the market opens on Friday. It could be the largest-ever initial public offering if underwriters exercise an option to sell more shares, as many expect.
Alibaba, which was founded 15 years ago in former English teacher Jack Ma's one-bedroom apartment, is responsible for 80 per cent of online sales in China. As a result, investors, eager to buy into China's rapid growth and evolving Internet sector, have been clamoring to get shares.
NYSE's testing comes after a series of glitches in recent years roiled markets and weighed on investor confidence, placing a bigger focus on operational risk by both regulators and market participants. Market operators have been testing their systems to ensure order routing systems function properly.
Nasdaq, for example, has said it responded to Facebook by putting extra safeguards in place, creating new positions within the company to improve communications with the industry and regulators when errors occur, and establishing an engineering team to monitor and analyze daily performance.
TWITTER MODEL
NYSE often conducts systems testing during the weekends, but it was only last October, ahead of Twitter Inc's market debut, that it opened up for an IPO simulation requested by member firms, many of which participated in Facebook's IPO.
"We did it for Twitter, in response to another transaction that had caused people to be somewhat uncomfortable," Ethridge said. "That got everybody comfortable on Twitter going into it, and it went fine."
Still, each IPO is different because of the number of shares offered and the make-up of demand in the after-market, when investors who were unable to completely fill their order book before initial trading begins must enter the market. Estimating the number of sellers also is important to ensure a successful market debut.
Ethridge said after the pricing, a lengthy process of allocating shares to all the parties that agreed to take part in the IPO begins. It can go into the wee hours as underwriters divvy up shares among investors.
To ensure trading at the open of the IPO and during the day goes smoothly, the NYSE will work with a so-called stabilization agent, which is Goldman Sachs Group Inc in Alibaba's case, Ethridge said. Goldman will determine when to open trading in Alibaba and at what price, and will manage the flow of orders.
General Motors Co's shares started trading about 10 minutes after market open in their debut, while Twitter took about 70 minutes to open. Every IPO is different, Ethridge said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Alibaba prices shares at $68  raises $21.8 bn in US IPOAlibaba IPO prices at top of range at $68 per share, raising $21.8 billion
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 04.52AM IST
Alibaba prices IPO at $68 per share
Alibaba prices IPO at $68 per share
Alibaba's IPO is the third-largest ever behind Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's record $22.1 billion listing in 2010 and ICBC's $22 billion flotation in 2006.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Alibaba Group Holding priced its initial public offering at $68 a share, the top end of the expected range, raising $21.8 billion on Thursday, in the latest sign of strong investor appetite for the Chinese e-commerce juggernaut.
At that price, the IPO, one of the largest-ever, would give Alibaba a market valuation of $167.6 billion, surpassing American corporate icons from Walt Disney Co to Boeing Co. The offering also vaults it atop US e-commerce rivals like Amazon and eBay and gives it more financial firepower to expand in the United States and other markets.
"I'd put them (Alibaba) in a class of Facebook and Google with the scale they have, growth prospects and profitability," said Scot Wingo, CEO of e-commerce software provider ChannelAdvisor . "There's a scarcity value there."
An Ipsos poll conducted for Thomson Reuters found that 88 per cent of Americans had never heard of the Chinese e-commerce company, which is responsible for 80 per cent of online sales in the world's second largest economy and works with a number of businesses there including consumer online marketplace Taobao and payment service Alipay.
But that didn't sap enthusiasm among multiple large US institutions, including Blackrock, which put in orders for allocations of at least $1 billion in shares, according to the sources.
Between 35 and 40 institutions placed orders for $1 billion or more shares each, investors briefed on the matter said.
Keen to buy into China's rapid growth and evolving Internet sector, investors have been clamoring to get shares since top executives at Alibaba, including Ma, kicked off the road show last week.
"It was one of the more impressive IPO presentations," said Jerry Jordan, manager of the $48 million Jordan Opportunity Fund . "I didn't realize just quite how successful they are."
Based on the amount raised so far, Alibaba's IPO is the third-largest ever behind Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's record $22.1 billion listing in 2010 and ICBC's $22 billion flotation in 2006.
If underwriters exercise an option to sell more shares, as many expect, Alibaba's will surpass both Chinese lenders to become the largest-ever. Alibaba and certain other shareholders also granted underwriters a separate 30-day option to buy up to an additional 48 million shares.
Many investors reported difficulty in getting the full allocation of shares they were aiming for.
John Boland, president of Maple Capital Management in Montpelier, Vermont said he had put in orders for about 5,000 Alibaba shares on behalf of high net worth individuals and institutions and had been told the offer was oversubscribed and that they would probably not get the full order.
"Beating the rush doesn't count in this game," Boland said.
Alibaba's revenue surged 46 per cent in the April to June quarter on strong gains in its mobile business, with net income attributable to its shareholders nearly tripling to $1.99 billion, or 84 cents a share.
Ma, who founded the company in a one-bedroom apartment, will have a paper fortune worth some $14 billion, vaulting him into the ranks of tech billionaires like Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos . The deal is also expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of the company's managers, software engineers and other staff.
In addition, it allows cornerstone Alibaba investors like Japan's Softbank and Yahoo to profit from their foresight in getting in on the ground floor at the e-commerce giant. Yahoo is selling some $8 billion worth of shares in the offering, leaving it with a 16.3 per cent stake. Softbank is not selling for now and will be left with a 32 per cent stake, making it the largest single shareholder.
The successful IPO sets the stage for Alibaba shares to make their debut on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday, with many investors and analysts betting that there is still room for a substantial first-day jump in the shares.
One investor said that the IPO's underwriters, who include Credit Suisse Group AG, Citigroup Inc and Goldman Sachs Group Inc, were hoping for a first day "pop" of 10 to 15 per cent. That's about in line with the norm for IPO debuts, whose underwriters typically seek an increase large enough to signal healthy demand but not so much so that it looks like the company and its investors "left money on the table."
Other big Chinese Internet stocks have performed well in US markets, including Baidu Inc, whose shares rocketed 354 per cent on their first trading day in 2005.
Underwriters on the Alibaba deal also include Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co, with Rothschild, which does not have underwriting operations, advising Alibaba on the deal.
Still, concerns that an opaque corporate governance structure and Ma's outside investments will stymie minority investors' rights could limit the upside around the deal.
"Rarely in history has there been an IPO of this size for a company that we know less about," Senator Bob Casey, Democrat of Pennsylvania, said in a statement on Wednesday. "I continue to be concerned that about the level of transparency from Chinese firms listing in our markets."
Alibaba is selling 320 million shares, equivalent to about 13 per cent of the company's capital. Nearly two thirds of those shares are being sold by existing shareholders including Ma, who will reap $867 million.

PFRDA sets up an expert committee to assess investment guidelinesPFRDA sets up an expert committee to assess investment guidelines
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 05:16 PM IST
Pension fund regulator PFRDA has set up an expert committee under the chairmanship of former Sebi chairman G N Bajpai to review investment guidelines for pension system, other than for government employees, and suggest changes to make the scheme more attractive.
"After the notification of the Act in February 2014, this is the first time we are going through a wholesale review of investment guidelines in the light of experience gained so far and emerging market dynamic, including investible opportunities for the pension fund," Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) acting chairman R V Verma told PTI.
The panel will, among other things, "review current investment guidelines for NPS schemes for private sector and recommend changes or new schemes," PFRDA said in a notification.
The six-member panel would also make recommendations on any other related issue which has a bearing on the investment pattern of New Pension System and will affect the interest of subscribers to the NPS such as active and passive management.
It has been mandated to consider and analyse different types of instruments under schemes E, C, G based on domestic and international study or experience, it said, adding that it would be based on the analysis to recommend instruments under each asset class with suitable exposure limits as appropriate.
"We are looking at making the whole pension eco-system under National Pension System (NPS) more efficient, cost-effective and market-driven with due regard to risk management and risk mitigation measures," he said.
"The purpose is to examine all the issues connected with investment guidelines, including product design, market, prudential norms, expansion of number of subscribers and the corpus," he added.
The penal which is expected to submit its report in six weeks would also look into the monitoring and supervision mechanism over pension fund manager investment portfolio.
Members of the panel are Deepak Satwalekar, former CEO and Managing Director at HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company; S B Mathur, former LIC Chairman; C R Murlidharan, former IRDA Member and Madhavi Das, Executive Director, PFRDA.
In 2010, the PFRDA had set up a committee headed by G N Bajpai and entrusted it with the task of analysing the fee structure and suggesting changes to the National Pension System (NPS).
The central government had introduced the New Pension System (NPS) in January 2004.
Initially, the New Pension System covered new entrants to central government services (excluding Armed Forces) and some state government services.
From May 1, 2009, PFRDA has extended NPS to all citizens of India, including workers of the unorganised sector.
NPS has garnered a total of 71 lakh subscribers by July 31, 2014 and is managing above Rs 58,000 crore of funds.

Coca-Cola gets its fizz back in Karnataka09:00 pm
Beverage giant Coca-Cola's long-standing dream of setting up a bottling plant in Karnataka is one step closer to becoming reality. The state government has sorted out issues over land acquisition, and roll out the red carpet for the Rs 1,000 crore investment. CNBC-TV18’s Poornima Murali and Archana Shukla report.
The fizz is back in beverage giant Coca-Cola's India plans. The blueprint it drew up way back in 2010 to set up a greenfield manufacturing base at Yadgir in North Karnataka can finally go ahead, with the state having resolved issues over land acquisition. So Coca-Cola can finally sign on that Rs 1,000 crore cheque.
“They would be investing around 1000 crores they need about 250 acres of land and about 1000 crores they would be investing there. They would start, I mean the whole process will take 2 years for them to operationalize but they will start in about 2 to 3 months,” Rathna Prabha, additional chief secretary, Government of Karnataka
T Krishnakumar, CEO, Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages says: “It's going to be a greenfield bottling plant which would house multiple lines, which would be far more than Karnataka, which will go into the neighbouring states as well.
It's going to be a significant investment from our side.”
But realising this project has not been easy. Although Coca-Cola runs two units in the state, the land acquisition process was frequently disrupted by farmer agitation, with the farmers even winning a legal reprieve. At one point, Coca-Cola even sought alternative land parcels near Mysore to set up this plant. But it's taken the Karnataka government 4 years to get its act together, and acquire the land in Yadgir.
The investment into the Yadgir facility will form part of Coke's commitment to invest USD 5 billion in India by 2020. But more importantly, this is a feather in the cap for Karnataka, not to mention a big face-saver. After all, the state has already lost out on mega investments from 2-wheeler maker Hero Motocorp and South Korean steel giant POSCO.
RELATED NEWS

Alibaba may become the Amazon of the developing world‘Alibaba may become the Amazon of the developing world’
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, September 19:  
Even as Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba.com goes public this week in the New York Stock Exchange with plans to raise up to $25 billion, the largest ever IPO so far, it is working on strengthening its position in the burgeoning Indian ecommerce market. The company, which entered the Indian market with a B2B model in 2010, currently does negligible business here. However, with fresh funds, it is looking to re-enter through Snapdeal, a home-grown Internet business company founded by Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal. According to a media report, Snapdeal is in talks with Alibaba to raise more funds soon.
However, neither company nor their bankers could confirm the report. Jack Ma-promoted Alibaba is the largest online company in China but is getting aggressive with its global expansion to take on world leader Amazon in all those markets where the latter is present. Amazon entered India last year and has already made a commitment of $2 billion to take on leading players like Flipkart and Snapdeal.
According to industry experts, it makes sense for Alibaba to invest in a company instead of setting up its operations directly. The firm runs China’s two most popular online shopping sites, Taobao and Tmall, and operates a network of services that allow consumers to process payments, buy movie tickets, get lunch delivered, or invest in a money market fund.
“I guess Amazon has significant strength in the developed world and Alibaba is trying to create similar presence in the developing world. At some point they will be head to head but that is some time away in my opinion," said Harish HV, Partner at Grant Thornton.
Ashish Jhalani, chairman of consultancy firm E-tailling India, said, “There can be multiple angles to Alibaba’s interest in Snapdeal. The first is that Alibaba would need an Indian partner to quickly gain local scale and Snapdeal would be best bet as Flipkart is focusing on further securing its leading position. The second would be that investment in Snapdeal would give them a way to test the waters before expanding extensively in India.”
Kunal Bahl, in a recent interaction with BusinessLine, had said that Snapdeal has grown 700 per cent in FY14 as compared to FYI 13. The company has already achieved $1-billion dollar sales target and expects to close this year by more than doubling it.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Shivaji hijackedBJP wrests Shiv Sena’s slogan on Maratha king
Pune, September 19:  
The BJP virtually hijacked the Shiv Sena’s slogan “Jai Bhavani Jai Shivaji” at the workers’ rally addressed here by party president Amit Shah, indicative of a political one-upmanship in the backdrop of an ongoing bitter tussle over sharing of seats for Maharashtra Assembly polls.
State BJP President Devendra Fadnavis raised the slogan last night concluding the public meeting, a practice usually associated with public rallies of Shiv Sena.
Fadnavis, during his animated speech, also kept on referring to Chhatrapati Shivaji’s historical legacy, asking party workers to emerge victorious under the leadership of Narendra Modi and with the blessings of the Maratha warrior king.
The party president, who was given a ceremonial sword on the occasion, also started his speech with tributes to Shivaji saying that it was from Pune that the Maratha king gave a clarion call for freedom from the then alien rulers.
Shah ended his address with a promise to give the administrative model of Shivaji to the people of Maharashtra if the BJP came to power.
Workers surprised
Since it was not a joint rally of the allies , the shouts of “Jai Bhavani Jai Shivjai”, an almost patented Shiv Sena slogan, given by Fadnavis even caught BJP workers by surprise although they speedily caught up with what appeared to be a well orchestrated strategy to galvanise the cadre and attract voters in an aggressive manner.
Also, posters and hoardings with images of only Modi and Shah have come up in parts of Mumbai. Interestingly, they don’t have mention or image of any Sena leader.
One BJP hoarding has the slogan: ‘We seek blessings of Chhatrapati Shivaji and will vote for Modi’.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Slow growth in tax revenue at the core of fiscal crisis‘Slow growth in tax revenue at the core of fiscal crisis’
Vinson Kurian
Expert calls for mechanism to settle tax disputes
Thiruvananthapuram, September 19:  
Clouds of a fiscal or liquidity crisis are looming large over Kerala, a visible trend of which is the slower growth of own tax revenue.
This cannot be tackled by rate increases alone as compliance depends on administrative efficiency also, according to R Mohan, public finance expert, research scholar and a senior revenue service official.
Tax potential
A detailed look needs to be give at the commodity-wise tax potential and actual collection, Mohan told BusinessLine. He recalled that the last Taxation Enquiry Committee was constituted in 1968, which was headed by MK Thavaraj.
Mohan suggested that the State consider a mechanism to settle disputes, such as a VAT settlement commission. Interest waver as a one-time concession could be part of this scheme.
He wondered if the Government could opt for a Central parity in pay and allowances by aligning grades with the Central pattern and pay revision made once in a decade.
Pay revision
This should replace the quinquennial revision of pay followed in the State, which is a drag on efforts at consolidating revenue expenditure by every fifth year.
The government should look at how to compensate the loss in revenue resulting from the new liquor policy by toning up collection from elsewhere. Endless debates agonising over the issue won’t just help.
Mohan also warned that, given its status as high-income State, Kerala could not hope to get a favourable look from Finance Commissions.
Raising own tax revenue through administrative measures seem to be the first best way out as tinkering of rates will be difficult in the post-GST (goods and services tax) scenario.
Kerala‘s public finance has frequently reported to be in crises for over the past two decades or more.
More often than not, the real situation has not been correctly made out in debates in the public domain, Mohan said. “We have a revenue and expenditure pattern which has moved in the same direction over long run of 30 years right until the first half of the 2000s,” he observed.
Real picture
In statistical terms, the revenue receipts and revenue expenditure were co-integrated and this is clearly contrarian to the view of crisis.
In the second half of 2000s, the State’s public finances entered a phase of consolidation, courtesy administrative efforts and a strong growth in the tax base.
The fiscal and revenue deficit ratios showed a declining trend, though not in line with the targets set by the Finance Commissions.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Dual leveraging key cause for corporate debt defaults‘Dual leveraging’ key cause for corporate debt defaults
Our Bureau
BUSINESS lINE Talking heads: Deepak Narang (centre), Executive Director, United Bank of India, along with Sunil Kanoria (left), Vice-Chairman, SREI, and Sanjay Jhunjhunwala, CEO, Mani Group, at the Assocham CFO Conclave in Kolkata on Friday. ASHOKE CHAKRABARTY
Kolkata, September 19:  
“Dual leveraging” is the principal reason behind large-scale defaults in debt servicing by companies, said Deepak Narang, Executive Director of United Bank of India. Speaking at an Assocham-organised event on Friday, he said that in most such cases capital had been diverted to a new areas of activity and debt was being used as capital.
“This created dual leverage and, in an economic downswing, led to defaults,” the banker said.
Narang pointed out that in good times most companies borrowed in excess to boost liquidity. And when the cycle turned bad, many of them were caught in a debt trap.
“Maintain a reserve borrowing power. If you spot early signs of trouble, instead of resorting to short-term borrowing, consult the banker to sort things out,” he advised companies. He also cautioned against unreasonable corporate debt restructuring requests.
Late last month, UBI was the first bank to declare Kingfisher Airlines, its Chairman Vijaya Mallya, and a couple of directors as wilful defaulters.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Indian music industry pays tribute to U SrinivasIndian music industry pays tribute to U Srinivas
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai/Chennai, Sept 19:  
Calling him a “shining star” and “genius”, Indian music exponents Lata Mangeshkar, Zakir Hussain, Resul Pookutty among others today expressed their grief over the sudden demise of renowned Mandolin exponent Uppalapu Srinivas.
Srinivas, 45, popularly known as ‘Mandolin Srinivas’, passed away at a private hospital here today after prolonged illness.
“I got to know today that U Srinivas is no more. I am very sad to hear that. When he was 14—year—old, I saw his performance on TV. He used to play the instrument brilliantly.
It is quite tough to play classical music on mandolin... May his soul rest in peace,” Melody Queen Mangeshkar posted on Twitter.
Oscar-winning musician A R Rahman condoling his demise, said, “Emotionally shaken to hear of Carnatic shining star Mandolin Shrinivasji’s demise... May God bless him with happiness in the next world.”
Playback singer Srinivas said, “Life is cruel.
Mandolin U Srinivas, the genius dies at a young age, when he had much more to offer to music. RIP.”
For music composer Shankar Mahadevan, it was an end of a big part of his music journey.
“A big part of my musical journey ended today with U Srinivas .. Devastated,” he tweeted.
Oscar-winning sound designer Pookutty wrote, “So sad to hear the passing away of U Srinivas, what an amazing musician, May his soul RIP. My heartfelt condolences to the family, Prayers!”
Tabla maestro Hussain said he considered the young musician as his brother.
“Today mother India cries, today a part of Indian music died and we are orphaned, RIP my dear brother Mandolin Srinivas,” he tweeted.
“The great Mandolin exponent U Shrinivas is no more unfortunately. Was going through a liver transplant. Improved apparently. But succumbed tragically. RIP,” singer Sonu Nigam said.
Singer Shreya Ghoshal said, “We lost Mandolin Maestro Shri U Srinivas this morning. One of the greatest musicians of this world. And too young to go away. RIP.”
Popular Tamil film actress Khushbu Sundar said, “Sad to hear the demise of Mandolin Srinivas. Very young to go. A huge bundle of talent he was. RIP.”
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Ads to jostle more for wired than mobile net: PwCAds to jostle more for wired than mobile net: PwC
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 20, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Indian advertisers will bet on the wired internet market, where they will spend Rs 8,200 crore by 2018 against Rs 1,200 crore on the mobile internet market. This is despite a likely internet penetration on the mobile of 83 per cent of the population in 2018.
According to a report by CII-PwC India, the internet advertising segment is likely to be valued at Rs 10,000 crore by 2018 and the internet access one at Rs 66,200 crore.
India is expected to have 23 million wired broadband connections and 543 million mobile internet connections by 2018.
"In spite of the potential for internet advertising in India, there are still barriers such as low literacy and inadequate local language content. Mobile-specific ad formats are still in their infancy, and the small screens of smart phones allow fewer ads," the report says.
"The Indian internet advertising market (with projected revenues of $1.8 billion in 2018) is expected to be miniscule in comparison with developed markets such as the US, which is expected to reach revenues of about $66 billion by 2018," the report adds.
Mobile internet penetration in India is at 16 per cent of the population and wired internet penetration at six per cent, according to the report. India had 18.3 million wired internet connections and 220 million mobile internet subscribers, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India said in December.
"The wired internet advertising market is expected to grow by 26 per cent annually from 2013 to reach Rs 8,200 crore in 2018. The mobile internet market is expected to grow even faster backed by smart phones and high-speed mobile internet," the report adds.
"The bigger question is about the capacity of mobile service providers in India. At 15 per cent penetration, mobile companies have not been able to keep up. We do not know what will happen if that number rises to 30 per cent in the next few years," said Sanjay Gupta, chief operating officer of Star India.

IiAS advises USL shareholders to reject Vijay Mallyas reappointment as directorE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nepal clears GMR plan for $1.4-bn hydroelectric plantE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Larry Ellison says he is done as chief at OracleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Kharif output to be lowest in 5 yearsKharif output to be lowest in 5 years
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 20, 2014 12:50 AM IST
The kharif season’s foodgrain output is expected to fall to a five-year low to 120.27 million tonnes,  a decline  by almost nine million tonnes (mt) over that in the same period last year, due to the uneven southwest monsoon in the first part of the season. There could be adverse repercussions on rabi crops as well, which could hinder agriculture growth in the  remaining three  quarters  of the  current financial year. The first advance estimate of production was issued on Friday. The biggest impact of the erratic rain is expected to be on coarse cereals, pulses and groundnuts. Production of rice, the bulk grain grown this season, is estimated to be 88.02 mt, four per cent less than last year’s.
“Due to lower area coverage and productivity, production of most crops is expected to be lower than their record production levels last year,” went an official statement.
Coarse cereal production is expected at 27.05 mt as against 31.25 mt in 2013-14, down 13.4 per cent.
Production of pulses is expected to be 5.2 mt as against 6.02 mt last year. Oilseeds is expected to be 19.66 mt, down from 22.4 mt.
“A drop in oilseeds, pulses and coarse cereals in the kharif season will definitely have an impact on prices, as most of these are a single-season crop and usually don’t have big stocks.  In rice, there is not much impact seen on prices as the huge government stocks will buffer against it. I feel this estimate of crop production will be high on the Reserve Bank’s agenda when it reviews its monetary policy next, as in the case of oilseeds and pulses, import dependence will increase,” said Madan Sabnavis, chief economist, CARE Ratings.
The biggest fall in oilseeds has been in groundnuts. Production is estimated at 5.02 mt, almost 36 per cent less than last year’s kharif.
Issuing the estimate, Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said the aim would be to try to achieve last year's level despite the adverse weather, with drought in some parts and floods in some others.
Production of cotton in 2014-15 is expected to be 34.62 million bales (a bale is 170 kg) as against 36.59 mn in 2013-14. Sugar cane output is projected at 342.8 mt, down from 350 mt last year. Jute output's estimate is 10.87 mt, marginally down from 10.98 mt last year.
On the impact of deficit rains on the forthcoming rabi harvest, Radha Mohan Singh said that there is still a possibility of adverse impact on rabi crops due to lack of adequate soil moisture.
If that happens, agriculture growth in the remaining three quarters may not reach the level of 3.8 per cent, witnessed in the first quarter. This may prove to be a drag on the overall gross domestic product (GDP) expansion, which stood at over two year high of 5.7 per cent in April-June, 2014-15.  
The monsoon's deficit was 43 per cent at the end of June, triggering fear of widespread drought.
Sowing of kharif crops was almost 50 per cent less than in 2013 during that period. However, the rains recovered from mid-July, narrowing the deficit to 11 per cent and pushing sowing to almost last year’s level. The revival, though, was not uniform. In some pockets, the early deficit continued, leading to drought-like conditions in  Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.
The water levels in 86 major reservoirs across the country, though better than in June, are still less than last year. This could become a problem if winter rains are not good.
The kharif foodgrains production in 2014-15 (july to june) is the lowest since 2010-11.

Real estate bill to be regulation not strangulation: Venkaiah NaiduE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

ICRA upgrades Jet Airways creditratingPrint
Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:24 am
Credit rating agency ICRA, which had downgraded Jet Airways’ loan rating in August, has upgraded it after due consideration, the airline said in a BSE filing on Friday.
“The rating committee of ICRA has after due consideration upgraded the long-term rating for Line of Credit from ICRA D to ICRA C,” the filing said.
“Further the rating committee of ICRA has also upgraded the short-term rating for Line of Credit from ICRA D to ICRA A4,” it added.
In its August 21 report, ICRA had downgraded Jet Airways’ long-term debt rating to ICRA D from ICRA BB. Instruments in D rating are either on default or expected to default soon.
Jet Airways took up the issue with ICRA saying the delay in debt servicing, which led to lowering the rating from D to BB, had already been resolved during the previous financial year.
At the end of March 31, 2014, Jet Airways’ net debt stood at Rs 10,258 crore, according to Bloomberg data.
The Indian aviation sector has been making huge losses due to high jet fuel prices (comprises 50-60% of airlines’ costs), apart from high airport taxes and aircraft lease rentals.
According to Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA), Indian airlines are expected to post losses of $1.3-1.4 billion in FY15, down from a $1.7-billion loss last year
Naresh Goyal, the promoter of Jet Airways, had in August said the airline, which last posted a profit in the quarter ended December 2012, is looking to turn around its operations and head towards profitability by financial year 2017. The airline is said to have taken several measures to achieve this feat, such as streamlining various subsidiaries into one full service airline.
The Jet airways stock closed 2.64% higher on BSE, at Rs 231.45, on Friday. The benchmark BSE closed 0.08% down, at 27,090.42 on Friday.

House prices dip as investors prefer equity ...Housing prices drop as investors prefer equity over realty
Ravi Teja Sharma & Jwalit Vyas, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 10.55AM IST
Tags:
chief executive officer and manging director
(Prices of new residential…)
NEW DELHI | MUMBAI: The rapid rise in the stock market since the new government was formed has taken the sheen off real estate, where investments have not only dropped but investors are trying to monetise their existing assets, creating a scare of price correction. While the stock market has risen by over 12% since May 26 when the government was sworn in, property values have either remained stagnant or dropped in several micro-markets across the country.
"Many HNIs are today stuck with their existing real estate portfolios, so the surplus money they are now generating in the businesses is finding its way to the stock market," said Rajeev Bairathi, executive director, north and capital transactions group at Knight Frank India. Investors have also been worried about the huge delays in execution of real estate projects and the overall wait and watch attitude of end-users, which has impacted property sales.
Prices of new residential projects in the National Capital Region, for instance, was down 10% in June this year compared to a year ago. In Pune, it was down 25%, while in Bangalore it remained stagnant. Only Mumbai and Chennai saw a rise in prices in new launches, 24% and 17%, respectively, according to property research firm Liases Foras.
The price of unsold inventory has risen in most markets , though marginally — 4% in Bangalore and Chennai, 10% in Hyderabad and the NCR, 11% in Mumbai and 1% in Pune. The difference between the price of existing inventory lying with builders and new launches is a big concern. According to Liases Foras, the gap is the widest in the NCR with new launches being offered at almost 31% lower than existing inventory in June 2014. This was followed by Hyderabad at a gap of 17%. Pune stood at 14%, Bangalore at 9% and Mumbai at 4%.
Unsold inventory levels at the end of June 2014 stood at 765 million sq ft or about 7.6 lakh apartments, which would take about 35 months to be sold at the current pace of sales.
Where does one invest if you want to be part of the up cycle? "The easiest is equities as it is relatively liquid. Whenever there's a change, money first goes into the most liquid of assets," said Gulbir Madan, chairman of Brahma Management, an India-focused investment firm.
In the current year, Sensex has gained 28%, the BSE Midcap Index is up 46%, while the small cap Index has gained 67%. "Clearly, investors are shifting from real estate to equity with inflation coming down and improving macro situation. In addition to this, with the new government at the Centre, investors are now more confident of investing in equity," said Rajesh Cheruvu, chief investment officer - India, for Royal Bank of Scotland .
Cheruvu said there's a question mark in the minds of investors about affordability of property as prices had risen risen sharply and continue to remain high. The positive outcome of the elections as well as a stronger global recovery have revived the Indian economy in the last few months. The new government has also made the right kind of moves which has buoyed the stock market. "The risk appetite for equity is back among our clients. Property prices have remained weak for the last two years. By contrast, equity market appears attractive," said Rajesh Saluja, chief executive officer and manging director at Ask Wealth Advisors.
The Sensex, for instance, is trading at a price-earnings ratio of 16 against 32 times in its peak, which gives an idea of the returns that equity can generate. Pankaj Kapoor , managing director of Liases Foras, said the downward pressure on property prices today is pushing investors away from real estate. "They see very little hope of a turnaround any time soon."
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s Unvired to power up Google Glass | Is Apple losing its cool factorIndia’s Unvired to power up Google Glass for enterprises
Peerzada Abrar, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 07.22AM IST
Tags:
Google
(Unvired is now working with…)
Bangalore: A small oil painting hangs in the office of Srinivasan Subramanian, the chief technology officer of enterprise mobility startup Unvired. It depicts a white ship sailing against the current.
"My wife did that (painting)," said Subramanian pointing to it. "It is an indirect way of support from the family." Unvired's other cofounder Dilip Sridhar said the inside joke in the office is that Subramanian's wife made the ship go against the current to show the difficulty of product companies succeeding in India.
But that was six years ago. These days the startup tucked away in Bangalore's Jayanagar is creating a buzz by offering Internet of Things (IoT)—a technology where devices communicate with each other intelligently — to large enterprises.
It has notched up a marquee list of global customers, including New Zealand's electricity distribution company WEL Networks, chemical company Kaneka, life science and tech company Sigma-Aldrich, among others.
"Services is something which is against our DNA," said Subramanian. "Product is more difficult route that is why it has taken us six years to reach there and weigh against the biggies."
Unvired is now working with Google X, a facility run by Google, on IoT which will help enterprises to improve productivity and efficiency using wearable devices like Google Glass. It has built an inventory and warehouse management app for Google Glass that integrates directly with the software.
"Workers can do hands-free transactions involving goods movement and other functions directly with enterprise software, without the need for a phone or tablet," said Sridhar, a vice president at Unvired. Wearables are in vogue, especially Google Glass and smartwatches.
Companies can save over $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) in costs related to field service using wearables, according to research firm Gartner. "We selected the Unvired mobile platform over other competing platforms, because it offered us the greatest value, ease of building custom applications and seamless integration with SAP," said Andre Winterhalter, information technology director, Kaneka Americas Holding.
This month Unvired was selected as a finalist in technology innovation leadership awards by Silicon Valleybased research firm Ventana Research. Founded in 2007 by former employees at German software maker SAP, Unvired launched the enterprise IoT platform four years later in India.
But it had to shift to other markets like United States and Middle East which were more open then to such technology. "The notion in India is that this kind of technology should be like the air we breathe — free," said Subramanian who declined to reveal the revenue of the firm. "We can't afford that."
The company, which is completely bootstrapped, is now in talks with venture capital firms to raise around Rs 60 crore to scale up its operations. "There is lot of startup action in IoT," said Bhavanipratap Rana, investment director at Intel Capital, the venture capital arm of the world's largest chip maker.
"Enterprise is more willing to pay." What is also unique about the Unvired founders is that they hired a non-founder Alok Pant, who was senior vice president, at NTT DATA (formerly Intelligroup), as chief executive of the firm.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India and China remain cautious despite warmth and achievementsprint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets Chinese President Xi Jinping upon his arrival at a hotel in Ahmadabad. (PTI Photo)
Incursions cast a shadow over the visit of President Xi Jinping’s visit to India, but the joint statement issued on Friday reiterated their commitment to seek a "fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable solution". The two sides also said that ‘an early settlement of the boundary question’ ought to be ‘pursued as a strategic objective’.
Policymakers are grappling with the implications of the Xi’s visit. While some are underwhelmed, others point to the achievements. But all agree that border troubles dampened the mood.
And there were indeed positives. PM Narendra Modi and Xi got to know each other well. The entire edifice of the relationship rests on the 1988 breakthrough achieved by PM Rajiv Gandhi and Deng Xiaoping – the two countries would try to resolve the border issue, but they would not let its non-resolution hold other bilateral issues hostage. This has held, and the joint statement spoke of enhancing development partnership, political communication, economic dialogue, investment and trade, cultural and people to people exchanges.
But this has come under increasing strain as Chinese incursions have triggered public outcry. Indian officials are left wondering why Beijing acted the way it did at such a crucial moment, for the Chinese were understood to be heavily aligning their strategy towards India with prime minister’s economic agenda.
“What is really confusing is the timing of the incursions where soldiers intruded in large numbers. In Chinese scheme of things it’s not possible without the authorization at the higher political level”, said a government source, indicating they did not buy the theory of Chinese People’s Liberation Army acting autonomously.
SD Muni, professor emeritus at the Jawaharlal Nehru University, tweeted, “Modi’s Sabarmati charm and dhokla diplomacy do not seem to have really worked on Xi. No indications of a new beginning.” He pointed to a ‘delayed border settlement’, the USD 20 billion dollar investment commitment rather than USD 100 billion, and China’s ‘eyes on SAARC’ and called visit 'below expectations'.
The hope is this may lend some urgency and energy to border negotiations. PM Modi said ‘clarifying the LAC’ was important and this needed to be ‘restarted’; Xi stressed Chinese ‘determination’ to settle the boundary question. Commodore C Uday Bhaskar, a strategic analyst, says, “The political leadership is back in the saddle. Modi and XI bring political determination, and do not seem daunted by the scale and complexity of problems they have inherited.”
The joint statement for the third in row time missed, mention of one-China policy-- an affirmation by India of One-China principle, which recognises Tibet and Taiwan as part of China. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj’s recent formulation is that they expect China to support a One India policy – and respect its sensitivities on Arunachal Pradesh – in return for India’s support for one China policy.
There was another strategic subtext to the visit. Analysts like Bhaskar believe that more than the border, India’s real concern is to pre-empt another 26/11 situation. “Except Beijing, all world capitals accept Pakistan supports terrorist groups. I hope India has raised this privately with Beijing, and I would have liked to see some public reference to it.” But some officials believe that China sent a positive signal by not making Pakistan a part of the itinerary.
Xi decided instead to visit Sri Lanka and Maldives, and indicated the desire to deepen ties with the rest of South Asia. A retired intelligence official says, “We may not like it, but we can’t prevent it either. China will expand its influence here, as we will try do in its neighbourhood. Note Modi’s visit to Japan and President Pranab Mukherjee visit to Vietnam.”
The optics may have been warm and some achievements substantial, but the visit showed that there are difficult strategic issues at play, and both India and China remain cautious about going all the way with each other.

Luxe loses lustre as Indians lose appetite for extravaganceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Lakshmi Mills Company: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 19, 2014, 09.09 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lakshmi Mills Company: Updates on outcome of AGM
Lakshmi Mills Company has submitted a copy of the proceedings of the104th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 15, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Lakshmi Mills Company: Updates on outcome of AGM
Lakshmi Mills Company has submitted a copy of the proceedings of the104th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 15, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Lakshmi Mills Company Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the104th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 15, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Mobile connectivity: Norms for setting up telecom towers near borders easedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bihar toilet project founder $1 00 000-global citizen award finalistComments
US Northwestern university environmental engineering graduate Anoop Jain, who started a project for greater toilet access to the residents of a Bihar village, is one of two Indians among the four finalists for a $1,00,000 global citizen award.
Anoop Jain, who started a project for greater toilet access to the residents of a Bihar village, is one of two Indians among the four finalists for a $1,00,000 global citizen award.
The award will be presented next week at a function in the iconic central park of the US city of New York next week, to be attended by visiting Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Apart from Jain, Swapnil Chaturvedi is the other Indian finalist for the Waislitz global citizen award which is presented to an individual who meets the criteria of global citizenship, impact, innovation and potential.
The winner of the contest will be announced at the global citizen festival in New York on on September 27, which is expected to be attended by Modi and a slew of other global leaders.
Other VVIP guests expected to be present include UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon, Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, World Bank president Jim Yong Kim, Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg and Nepal's Prime Minister Sushil Koirala.
According to the organizers of the event, Modi will highlight the need to bring an end to open defecation in India.
Jain and Chaturvedi have been shortlisted for the award for their efforts to improve sanitation facilities and increase public access to toilets.
Chaturvedi is the founder of 'Samagra Sanitation' which focuses on providing sanitation services to the urban poor. Since March 2013, 'Samagra' is implementing its sanitation engagement platform called 'Loo Rewards' in two urban slums of Pune.
Jain founded 'Humanure Power' (HP) in Bihar in 2011 that has been building community sanitation facilities at Sukhpur village in Supaul district of north Bihar.
'Humanure Power' opened its pilot community sanitation facility on July 10 this year with 20 toilets total - 10 for men and 10 for women. Since then, "it has already over 17,000 users, while hygienically disposing of 8 tons of human excreta".
Utilizing a $30,000 award won in Dell's Social Innovation Challenge in 2012, Humanure has set out to build community blocks of toilets that convert human waste into energy, charging 12-volt batteries for household use.
"Humanure Power continues to fight alongside communities to end outdoor defecation as a key step in an ongoing struggle for health equity and social and economic justice", said a note published on its website last month.
The Waislitz global citizen award seeks "to honour an individual who embodies and exemplifies the values and practices of a global citizen, has substantial record of making lasting changes and opportunities for the world's poor and brings new thinking to overcome the challenge of ending poverty".
The other two finalists are David Auerbach, who co-founded 'Sanergy' which builds low-cost, high-quality sanitation facilities and Nargis Shirazi, founder of the Wo-man Foundation, which works towards improving sexual, reproductive health and rights of women in her home country Uganda.
The function on September 27 will be hosted by Hollywood actors Hugh Jackman, Jessica Alba and Katie Holmes and will have performances by American rapper Jay Z and singer Carrie Underwood.
(With agency inputs)

BJP s battle within: It was Modi versus hardcore wing in bypollsprint
Every time the BJP comes to power in New Delhi, there is a battle for the heart and soul of the party all across India. It happened when AB Vajpayee was prime minister. And it is happening now that Narendra Modi heads the government. The best way to understand the recent by-election results is to view them from the perspective of the battle within the party.
This battle follows a pattern that is now familiar to us. A BJP prime minister takes office. The liberal establishment warns that his government will fundamentally transform the secular character of India. But the prime minister himself says or does very little that could be construed as anti-liberal or anti-secular. Instead, he sets himself up as a statesman eager to restore India’s standing in the rest of the world and holds summit meetings with foreign leaders. He focuses on the economy and tells Indians that we must learn to work as one. If you did not know his political background, you would think that the new prime minister was a mainstream political figure, seeking not to advance any ideological cause but to act in the best interests of India.
But while the prime minister is talking about lofty national objectives, party workers begin to get increasingly restive. They talk about the hard work they put into the campaign and about how the BJP would never have been elected but for their efforts. They point out that theirs is a party with an ideological centre. So, where is the Hindutva agenda? Why are Muslims not being recognised as the threat they are to Hindu society? Why has Article 370 not been removed? Why is there no common civil code? What about the Ram temple in Ayodhya? Why is nothing being done to protect Hindus from the evil machinations of Muslims? Why are Muslims being allowed to seduce Hindu girls at garba functions? Why is the government blind to the implications of love jihad? And so on.
The prime minister can never respond by simply shutting these people up because in one sense, at least, they are right. The BJP is the party of Hindutva. And these party workers did campaign extensively to ensure that the BJP came to power. So, most prime ministers deliver gentle taps on the knuckles in private but avoid making any public comments about this Hindutva agenda or the demands of their hardcore followers.
Throughout the life of any BJP government, the battle seesaws between the prime minister and his ideologically driven party workers. In Vajpayee’s time, his critics complained that he did nothing to restrain rabid BJP cadre in Orissa, Gujarat and many other states. And over the last few months, Narendra Modi has come under increasing attack for his refusal to at least distance himself from the more outrageous statements made by BJP and Sangh parivar activists.
The results make sense when you see them through this prism. The general election was fought on Modi’s agenda: Development and governance. These by-elections were fought on the issues that so obsess the party’s cadre: Hindutva, love jihad, and the so-called threat to Indian society from Muslims. The men chosen to lead the campaigns — people like Yogi Adityanath — came from the hardest core of the BJP. These were people who believed that Modi’s victory was the victory of Hindutva and that it was their duty to now push the Hindutva agenda to the next level. This was not just an ideological imperative. They genuinely believed that voters wanted more Hindutva and that a communal polarisation would lead to a further consolidation of the Hindu vote and, therefore, to massive majorities.
Well, we now have proof that they were completely wrong. In every single state, the BJP vote share has actually come down compared to what it was during the general election a few months ago. In Uttar Pradesh, the BJP has lost nearly 10% of its votes. In Rajasthan, it has lost around 11%. In Modi’s own Gujarat, it has lost 11.5%. In Assam, its share is down by 4.5% and even in West Bengal, which is being claimed as the party’s sole victory, the truth is that the BJP vote share has actually gone down compared to the parliamentary election by 0.6%.
Most political analysts have treated the by-elections as a battle between the BJP and other parties. But what if we look at it differently? This was also a war between Narendra Modi and the hardcore wing of the BJP. What these results suggest is that Modi has won and that the party’s more rabid members have been convincingly defeated.
How else can you explain why the same voters who supported the BJP so overwhelmingly and enthusiastically in the parliamentary elections have now voted against the BJP in every single state? The only difference between the BJP’s appeal a few months ago and its platform now is the nature of the agenda. The parliamentary election was fought on the development platform. The by-elections were fought on the basis of hardcore Hindutva and an anti-Muslim agenda. As these results show, development has won. The voters have convincingly rejected the communal platform.
In the months ahead, once the pundits have stopped pontificating about the end of the Modi wave, we will see how these results have actually strengthened Modi’s hand. Till the by-elections, he was still vulnerable to pressure from the hardcore that accused him of selling out to the mainstream and forgetting the Hindutva agenda that put him in Race Course Road.
But now, Modi has a perfect answer. He chooses the middle of the road not just because the Prime Minister of India cannot be a narrow sectarian but because this is what the country wants. It’s not just right: It is also electorally expedient. As for his party’s hardcore, they are still licking their wounds and whimpering. India has shown them that it wants progress, not hatred.
Views expressed by the author are personal

Shweta Chaudhary wins bronze in 10m Air Pistol  first medal for IndiaShweta Chaudhary wins bronze in 10m Air Pistol, first medal for India
PTI
print
India's Shweta Chaudhary celebrates winning bronze after the women's 10m air pistol individual final of the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon. (AFP Photo)
Shooter Shweta Chaudhry gave India their first medal on the opening day action of the 17th Asian Games after the Faridabad girl clinched bronze in the Women 10m Air Pistol Finals, in Incheon on Saturday.
Shweta looked focused from the start as she sailed through even after her much fancied teammates Heena Sidhu and Malaika Goel failed to make the finals cut.
The World No.146 had a topsy turvy ride in the finals as she led the standings after 3 shots but soon slipped to sixth and then improved to third.
There was a shoot off between Chaudhry and China's Zhou for the bronze before the Indian came up trumps with a 10.7 hit.
China though stood first on the podium with Zhang Mengyuan bagging gold and Korea's Jung Jeehae getting the silver.
Meanwhile Chinese women also won gold in the 10m Air Pistol Team event.
On expected line, China lead the the medals tally with 3 gold medals while India stand fifth with a bronze to their credit.
India's Shweta Chaudhary competes during the women's 10m air pistol individual final of the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon. (AFP Photo)

JuD opens websites from US serverprint
JuD chief Hafiz Saeed
Recently when Jamat-ud-Dawa (JuD), the parent organisation of dreaded terrorist organisation Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) resurfaced in the World Wide Web and launched its websites www.jamatdawa.org and www.jamatdawa.net hosted from a server in the United States of America, it came as a real shocker for the law enforcement authorities.
However, this is not the first time when JuD has managed a return to the World Wide Web as in the past the banned outfit has changed its identity, floated various charity organisations and tweaked names to launch websites.
Police sources said, Hafiz Mohammed Saeed, the Pakistan-based terror mastermind, along with Zafar Iqbal and Abdullah Yusuf Azam had joined hands to form a charitable organisation under the name Markaz al-Dawa Wal Irshad (MDI) (The Centre for Religious Learning and Propagation) in 1986, and soon floated a website under the name www.markazdawa.org . However, after the 9/11 attack, the United States of America mounted pressure on Pakistan to dismantle its terror network, imposed sanctions on MDI, and ensured that the organization, which acted as a front for LeT, shut down its website.
However, US could do little when MDI shifted the entire content of its website to another online portal named www.dawacenter.org . The website remained active till Saeed re-christened his organization as Jamat-ud-Dawa in 2001 and launched a website in Urdu and English under the name www.jamatuddawa.org , added police sources.
The site voiced the opinion of JuD’s senior leadership, including head of Jamat-ud-Dawa’s department of political affairs, Hafiz Abd-ur-Rahman Makki, as well as Maulana Ameer Hamza, Yahya Mujahid, Hafiz Abd-ur-Raoof, Hafiz Khalid Waleed, and Abdullah Muntazir till Mumbai 26/11 terrorist attack in 2008. Soon after the attack, the United National Security Council once again declared Jamat-ud-Dawa to be front of Lashkar-e-Taiba, the terrorist wing that plotted the Mumbai terror attack, and levied sanctions on the outfit.

Shiv Sena  BJP strain to agree on numbersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM seeks report on work done in first 100 days | Govt emanating positive signs: PrezNarendra Modi seeks Action Taken Report from ministries on work done in first 100 days
Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 07.26AM IST
Tags:
Arunachal Pradesh
(The review of the achievements…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who begins review of the work done by ministries in the first 100 days, has called a meeting with them on Saturday next week. A missive sent to the ministries has also sought an 'Action Taken Report' from them by Saturday this week. "An action taken report has been sought on the work done in the first 100 days of the government.
We have also been called for a meeting on Saturday next week by the Prime Minister's Office (PMO)," said an official in the know. The review of the achievements in the first 100 days has come after the ministries announced the same to the public through media conferences.
The civil aviation ministry, in its report card, has announced that it will continue to focus on increasing connectivity in under-serviced areas of the country and the Airports Authority of India will develop five no-frills airports - one each in Arunachal Pradesh , Odisha and Rajasthan, and two in Karnataka - during the current financial year. The airports, which have been shortlisted from 50 cities and towns in remote areas across the country, will be built in Teju in Arunachal Pradesh, Jharsuguda in Odisha, Krishna Nagar in Rajasthan and Hubli and Belgaum in Karnataka.
The civil aviation ministry has also made efforts to get back Category I status from the Federal Aviation Authority (FAA), which has agreed to audit India again. Another audit is likely to fetch Category I tag for India, as the US regulator is satisfied with the work done by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation to regain the status.
During the first 100 days, the ministry has reviewed as many as 12,977 files; 3,839 have been recorded while 9,146 files have been weeded out. The ministry has also launched 'know-yourrights portal' that will provide information on the rights of passengers in cases of delays, cancellation and denied boarding, lost, delayed, misplaced and damaged baggage; and on matters related to booking, airfare components and refund of air tickets.
While other ministries have announced work done by them in the first 100 days, the Opposition isn't pleased. The Congress has said the story till now "is only of slogans and more slogans. The nation is worried at what lies in store for India for the remaining tenure of this government", the party said in a booklet reviewing Modi government's 100 days in office.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Responsible Kerala Tourism to spread wingsUpdated: September 20, 2014 11:17 IST
Responsible Kerala Tourism to spread wings
M. P. Praveen
Tweet
The Hindu The Kerala tourism department's stall highlights village-oriented and community-based tourism at the Kerala Travel Mart. Photo: Vipin Chandran
The tourism department had adopted a three-pronged strategy in promoting RT with equal focus on economic, social and environmental aspects.
Broad basing its Responsible Tourism (RT) initiative, the Kerala tourism is all set to add another 50-odd panchayats to its existing RT destinations by the end of this year.
The Department of Tourism has already identified 114 panchayats across the State as potential RT destinations. “Resource mapping of these panchayats is underway and selected ones would be brought under the RT initiative,” K. Rupesh Kumar, state coordinator, RT Cell, told The Hindu at the Kerala Travel Mart.
At present, Kumarakom, Thekkady, Ambalavayal and Vythiri in Wayanad, Bekal, Kovalam and Kumbalanghi are being showcased as RT destinations. The classification of hotels and resorts based on global sustainable tourism parameters is already underway at these destinations.
Already 13 resorts at Kumarakom, the pioneer in RT and winner of the coveted UNWTO Ulysses Award for innovation and public policy in governance under the tourism category, have been so classified. “We are set to kick start the classification of home stays and houseboats very shortly,” Mr. Kumar said.
The seven existing RT destinations did a combined business of Rs. 3.50 crore during the last tourism season with Kumarakom alone contributing Rs. 1.50 crore. Efforts are on to hit the Rs. 10 crore-target by the end of this tourism season, he said.
The tourism department had adopted a three-pronged strategy in promoting RT with equal focus on economic, social and environmental aspects. The economic model ensures that a part of the revenue generated through tourism goes to the local community by establishing a production and supply network for local produces besides giving members training in production.
The social aspect focuses on sustaining traditional livelihood by integrating practices like coir making, toddy tapping, pottery and net fishing into tourism package and ensuring proportionate distribution of revenue among the community members. Promoting arts and culture by attracting tourists to watch traditional art forms in the natural settings rather than serving it in capsule form at the resorts they stay in is another focus area.

Klusener on course to be a successful coachMore
Zulu finds fulfilment in coaching
After limping out of international cricket, Lance Klusener slipped off the radar, but his coaching stint with Dolphins has given them a higher profile and self-belief.
By Firdose Moonda | ESPNcricinfo –  Fri 19 Sep, 2014 12:26 PM IST
Tweet
0
If all that was known of Lance Klusener was the way he lit up the 1999 World Cup, it might be expected that his career ended with similar lustre. It didn't.
Five years after the fireworks, Klusener fizzled out of the international arena. No fuss, no fanfare. There was a three-year gap between his penultimate Test and his final one and he spent nine months out of the ODI team following a loss of form, which he did not regain on recall. The only sign of even a sputtering came about 12 months before his eventual stubbing out, when Graeme Smith said Klusener was "not very good" as a team man, and can "bring down the youth".
Those words were the furthest thing from an endorsement for Klusener's future involvement in the game - which at the time seemed unlikely, and unwanted by the man himself. Shortly after Klusener's career had run its course, a journalist who considered himself close enough to ask wondered whether Klusener would be interested in collaborating on a biography. The scribe received a one-word answer: "No." And that was the end of that discussion.
Lance Klusener has found his way back to cricket through coaching. [Mike Hewitt/Allsport]
Klusener did not show much interest in creating a legacy despite his legend, perhaps because he did not quite understand it. He had just missed the days of cricketers attaining superstar status, and he tried to lengthen his career, to make money. He had a stint in the unsanctioned Indian Cricket League and another in Zimbabwe when cricket in that country benefited from a small cash injection. Then he all but disappeared from the view of cricket's cameras.
It was only through his friendship with fellow Durbanite Shaun Pollock, which had survived his late career storm, that Klusener returned to the public eye when he joined Mumbai Indians' support staff. Fittingly, it was in the IPL, a tournament where the Klusener of old would have been right at home at the crease, hatchet in hand and blood on his mind, that the new Klusener's interest in coaching grew. He nurtured it slowly.
Back home Klusener worked with the High Performance Academy and then the South Africa A side but his big break came in an emergency. "Graham Ford was coaching the Dolphins and mid-season he left to go to Sri Lanka. The Dolphins were in a bit of a jam about what to do so they asked me to take over for the rest of the season," Klusener said.
He did, and stayed. But he only stayed because things changed. Klusener was put in charge of Dolphins in the middle of the 2012-13 summer, shortly after they finished second from bottom in the 50-over competition. They had gone eight years without winning a single trophy and Klusener would sense lethargy and low morale. "The players were sick and tired of losing and it was about making them realise that. What's the point of coming to work if you're not going to win anything?" he said.
Changing that mindset required more than just the introduction of an icon. Klusener actively sought out younger players and preached a philosophy of excellence, though the Dolphins squad was not filled with international names, unlike Titans or Cobras. "We didn't have many national players so the only thing we could do was make a few of our own," Klusener said.
At the end of that season, the seamer Kyle Abbott was picked in the national squad to play Pakistan. He became the first player from Dolphins to earn a Test cap since 2009. When Abbott phoned Klusener for advice the night before his debut, he did the bulk of the talking and Klusener's sole sentence was, "Just keep it tight." Abbott went on to take 7 for 29 in the first innings.
For Klusener, that was the start, but he knew they had much more ground to cover before they would see the kind of success that is measured in silverware. The following winter, change swept through the franchise. Hashim Amla, their pride and joy (although he was not often available for them), left for Cobras. His older brother Ahmed Amla retired. In those two moves, the Dolphins lost some of their establishment. But they gained as well.
Morne van Wyk, the South Africa wicketkeeper-batsman, moved from Bloemfontein to captain Dolphins. He wanted a change and a challenge and in Durban, he found both.
Klusener's approach excited him because it was about simplicity, and it was focused on an end result: winning. "He is a perfect fit for what the Dolphins need. He is a local guy, well respected and highly regarded," van Wyk said. "With Lance, you always know where you stand. A lot of people can talk but they are not really communicating. Lance doesn't talk a lot but when he does, he is very clear."
While Klusener's personality influences his straightforward coaching style, it also fits in with the modern, process-driven approach, which is centred on holding players accountable to themselves and their team-mates. Van Wyk immediately found that was how Klusener handled him. "He gives me a lot of scope. As a captain, it is my ship to run. His job is preparation and we have a nice recipe that is working."
The pair have clicked so well that in their first summer together, Dolphins claimed a title. They won the T20 competition and will appear in their first Champions League T20 (they had qualified for the inaugural event in 2008, which was cancelled following the Mumbai bombings). Before this year, Dolphins were the only South African franchise who had not participated in a Champions League.
For Klusener, the journey does not stop at simply turning up. "It's a massive challenge but we have earned the right to play there," he said. "We are going there to win and not to make up the numbers. Everybody has bought into the philosophy that in a short tournament where there is a quick turnover between games, you play a certain way. We don't want to be too conservative, we will be aggressive."
Assertiveness and intent are two qualities that made Klusener's playing style but he knows there is much more to him as a coach and he wants to steer away from creating 11 Mini-Mes. "My playing days are gone. I am here to get the best out of my team. The way I played may not work for everybody so this is about how they want to play. It's their team," he said. "For me, it's important to keep improving as a coach, otherwise I'll get left behind. It's important for the team; I owe it to them to keep learning."
Dolphins may feel they owe Klusener something that he came close to getting in his playing days: a major trophy. And for his part, Klusener knows those fireworks could be in his future, but these days his job is only to light the match.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Jagit singh chahal will be responsible for the turnaround of this comp...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Isme kuch bat ban rahi hai .... buy 470 sl 4444 target 600 fast & long...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

22nd september.  hearing on goal mining... what could be impact any.Gold Member
62 Followers
We operate multiple power plants in various locations across India. Our commercial power generation business currently operates the 2,400 MW Jharsuguda power plant in Odisha, the 270 MW BALCO power plant in Chattisgarh and the 100 MW MALCO power plant in Tamil Nadu.Our Hindustan Zinc Limited plant has capacity for 274 MW of wind power generation, making it one of the largest producers of wind power in India. Talwandi Sabo Power Limited, a 100% subsidiary of Sesa Sterlite, is establishing a 1,980 MW thermal power project in Punjab.
9.52 PM Sep 19th

True tm will be knocking the target in 2014-2015 fiscal for sure! my v...Platinum Member
341 Followers
Myself and ravi sir attended MS meeting 2years back.ravi sir asked GN that the company given statement while aquiring SATYAM that in 5 years integrated company will be of size5BnUSD,but nothing visible.VN continue telling negative or "we will not give any guidance".GN told us clearly "yes,we will be meeting that target in 2015"During last interview also he stood by his own statement.AM also so,,,.VN appears to be an egoistic and self centric person.Pl correct me if Iam wrong AM and dear friends,,Thanks
10.31 AM Sep 20th

Jitu Rai wins gold in 50m Pistol eventJitu Rai wins gold in 50m Pistol event
PTI
Tweet
Incheon, Sept 20:  
Ace Indian shooter Jitu Rai clinched a historic gold in the 50m Pistol event on the opening day of the 17th Asian Games at the Ongnyeon International Shooting Range here today.
Fresh from his 50m Pistol silver in the World Championships, the Lucknow-based shooter completed a grand double as he had won a gold in the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow earlier this year.
The shooter, who serves the Gurkha regiment, was on target from the word go after moving into the finals even as compatriot Omkar Singh failed to cross the qualification hurdle.
In the finals though, Rai was tested by Vietnam’s Nguyen Hoang Phuong, who had to settle for silver and bronze medallist Wang Zhiwei of China.
Rai accumulated 186.2 points in comparison to Phuong’s 183.4 and Zhiwei stood a distant third with 165.6 points. This was India’s second medal at the ongoing Games after Shweta Chaudhry’s bronze in the 10m air Pistol event.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Can Mayank Pareek bring Maruti magic to Tata MotorsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Can Mayank Pareek bring Maruti magic to Tata Motors?
Our Bureau
Auto sector veteran quits Maruti after a two-decade stint
Mumbai, September 17:  
Mayank Pareek, who has resigned as Chief Operating Officer of Maruti Suzuki (Marketing & Sales), is tipped to take up a leadership role at Tata Motors.
This could either be as Managing Director, heading both the car and truck operations, or as Executive Director of the company’s passenger vehicle business unit. At present, Ravi Pisharody is ED of the commercial vehicle business unit.
Car focus
Pareek’s strengths are clearly in the car space and, in particular, marketing where he played a major role at Maruti for over two decades.
Tata Motors needs these skills for its car business, which has been in a free fall for some years now leaving it with a market share of barely 5 per cent.
The recently launched Zest has been positioned to kick off the turnaround plan. The Bolt hatchback will follow in a couple of months and this is where the company will need someone like Pareek to recreate his Maruti magic.
“It will be quite a challenge for him to get customers over to a company which has lost its way lately,” a senior marketing executive of a rival automaker said. According to him, the Tata brand has taken quite a beating after the Nano where the cheap car tag only ended up becoming a disincentive for potential buyers. The company is now keen on setting right this image and has pulled out all stops in refurbishing dealerships and training personnel.
It is in this backdrop that Pareek will be expected to play a critical role in injecting the marketing team with new ideas and concepts. He did this very successfully at Maruti where some initiatives like micro-marketing zeroed in on a host of potential customers in rural India.
Tata Motors has been looking for a Managing Director since the passing away of Karl Slym last January.
While Pisharody has been steering the commercial vehicle business, Ranjit Yadav is President and the senior most person for passenger vehicles. As part of its revival strategy running up to 2020, the company has indicated that it is keen on launching at least two new cars every year.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Alibaba secures its place in history as largest US-listed IPO of all timeNow Showing: Masand reviews 'Happy Ending', 'Dumb And Dumber To'
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Experince the luxury of a white cotton shirtStory
What makes the perfect white shirt
Real luxury is pure cotton. It is not even linen because white linen shirts are more appropriate for casual wear.
David Abraham        Edition: Sept 28, 2014
'White' hot: David Abraham outside the Great India Place mall in Noida. Photo: Vivan Mehra
A white shirt, at whatever cost you buy it, is a luxury . That is  because it is the most difficult colour to maintain. It has a shorter  life span than any other coloured shirt. It usually cannot be  dry-cleaned very well; it has to be properly washed at a particular  temperature. You need to whiten it.
If it is a high-quality white  shirt, it cannot be woven from manmade fibre - no polyester or polyester  blend can be used. Real luxury is pure cotton. It is not even linen  because white linen shirts are more appropriate for casual wear. The  classic white shirt has to be woven from long staple cotton - very fine,  lustrous cotton. The best cotton in the world is either Egyptian or Sea  Island. The yarn is smooth and has a silky feel to it. Of course, you  get good cotton in India and one can do without the imported ones.  However, the cotton fabric has to be made from very high quality long  staple yarn and be tightly woven for stability.
Cherishing a legacy: A view of Jermyn Street, London, July 1, 1948. Jermyn Street is home to some of the world's greatest shirt makers.
The second  factor in the luxury white shirt is the type of weave used. The classic  men's shirting fabric usually comes in two forms. One is a Poplin weave,  which is flat and smooth and crisp looking. The other is an Oxford  cloth, which is a weave with a more grainy texture and is, in purist  terms, considered a little more casual. It is, however, perfectly  acceptable in America.
FULL COVERAGE: Luxury Special 2014
The super-luxurious shirts are bespoke, tailored preferably at Jermyn Street in London - the hub of  some of the world's greatest shirt makers. When it comes to the fit and  cut, oversized and baggy shirts are not acceptable options. The  well-made shirt has to be cut to your size. One can have a pleat at the  back for ease of movement. It should not blouse over or bunch up when  you tuck it in. Europeans tend to cut the shirt a little slimmer,  slightly narrower. The American shirt cut is often boxier. A custom-made  white shirt in England may cost between 120 pounds and 250 pounds. A lot of people  buy designer brands and the brand can add to the price.
Nevertheless,  if you want a classic beautifully cut shirt, go to a shirt maker, not a  designer. The shirt maker, unlike the designer, does only this one  thing and has perfected it over many, many years. Leave it to the  expert.
The writer is the owner and creative director of design label Abraham and Thakore.
As told to Goutam Das

Maharashtra polls: Thaw in BJP-Shiv Sena standoff after backroom meeting23
0
Mumbai: Could we see an end to the deadlock between Shiv Sena and the BJP ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly elections? The two parties definitely sound positive after a backroom meeting in Mumbai.
Top Sena leaders Aditya Thackeray, Subash Desai and Anil Desai met BJP leader OP Mathur. Post-meeting, the BJP said that they had put the ball in the Shiv Sena's court and that they did not want the alliance to end.
"We have given our proposal to the Shiv Sena. Now the ball is in the Sena's court. We don't want to break the alliance. We have been friends for long. We are hopeful that we will get a favourable response," BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis said.
The Shiv Sena also sounded a positive note. "We are talking with no ego. The BJP is responding positively," Aditya Thackeray said.
2

Come All YeFaithfulPrice: Rs 599
A scholarly biography of Mecca  is a courageous reminder of its syncretic past
From a book titled Mecca, by a formidable British writer born in Pakistan, you expect the world of Islam to unfold between the covers. Ziauddin Sardar does not disappoint. Through a biography of Mecca, the holiest of holy cities for Muslims and the centre of the Kaaba (the ‘Cube’ in Arabic), he takes you on a fascinating journey of Islam. Muslims are supposed to have two kinds of conversations while discussing their faith. One that they have with “others”, and another they have amongst themselves, but Sardar’s book allows both to take place simultaneously.
A central theme of the book is how two versions  of Islam have struggled for supremacy in Mecca: the “open and inclusive message” preached by Prophet Muhammed and the closed idea of “paradise..(being the) exclusive possession of Muslims”. So, the state of Mecca, a metaphor for the confluence and convergence among the faithful, often typified which version of Islam held sway over the world at that particular time.
Despite a Saudi desire to erase pre-Islamic history and authorise the telling of one story, the author has used the events in Mecca, its pagan origins, the ancient myth of Abraham’s son Ishmael and his mother Hagar settling there and subsequent battles for the control of the city to script an impressive account.
As a writer, Sardar brings lightness and humour to thorny issues. For instance, the first chapter is about his attempts to do an old world Haj on donkey-back, with a gay donkey whom he names Genghis. Needless to say, the journey has to be abandoned for the highway and its fumes. He writes incisively about the immensely complex and often bloody battle for the Muslim mind after Muhammed’s demise, the formation of sects, the growth of different schools of law and theology and their interplay. There is no dearth of historical detail on the Caliphs, Bedouins, Meccans, spiritual leaders, merchants, Sultans, Indian begums and even camels as they shaped the story of Mecca and its most elaborate ritual.
Mecca’s is not a simple story and never was. It was a centre for pagan faith before Muhammed’s time; the forty-year-old Muhammed found his calling in a cave in the city. But it was also the place that resisted Muhammed’s call initially and forced him to seek refuge in Yathrib, which became known as Medina, very much the cultural and intellectual capital of its time. As home to the Kaaba, seven rounds of which are among the five prescriptions for able Muslims, it draws billions of Muslims the world over.
The author outlines how centuries of Meccan life were about being a welcoming confluence for innumerable races, colours and kinds of Muslims, and the city’s fascinating and often troubled journey to a more sectarian present, when non-Muslims are excluded from its bounds. continued…

Dollar gains as market preps for tighter U.S. monetary policySep 20, 2014, 01.06 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Dollar gains as market preps for tighter U.S. monetary policy
Dollar gains as market preps for tighter U.S. monetary policy
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dollar gains as market preps for tighter U.S. monetary policy
Dollar gains as market preps for tighter U.S. monetary policy
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The dollar traded higher against most major currencies on Friday as U.S. monetary policy appears set to diverge from Europe and Japan.
In U.S. trading on Friday, EUR/USD was down 0.67% at 1.2837.
The dollar rallied against the euro on expectations for U.S. and European monetary policies to diverge.
Earlier this week, the Federal Reserve suggested it plans to close its bond-buying stimulus program next month and hike interest rates in 2015.
While some time will pass between those two policy moves, rate hikes could come quickly once the U.S. central bank moves to tighten, investors have concluded, which bolstered the greenback.
Meanwhile across the Atlantic, the euro came under pressure after the European Central Bank on Thursday said it allotted €82.6 billion to 255 bidders in its new Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation, or TLTRO. The figure was well below the €100 to €150 billion predicted by analysts.
The European Central Bank recently cut interest rates and announced it would purchase asset-backed securities to stimulate the economy, which has softened the euro.
Elsewhere, market talk that the Bank of Japan bought one-year government debt at negative yields softened the yen, which added to the greenback's appeal.
While the BoJ has bought three- and six-month bills at negative yields in the past, the decision to buy one-year debt that will lose money added to market speculation that monetary authorities are ramping up their efforts to stimulate the economy and reach a 2% inflation target.
The dollar was up against the yen, with USD/JPY up 0.23% at 108.94, and up against the Swiss franc, with USD/CHF up 0.72% at 0.9404.
The greenback was up against the pound, with GBP/USD down 0.54% at 1.6309.
The pound strengthened earlier after Scottish voters rejected a referendum on independence and opted to remain part of the United Kingdom.
A record turnout of voters delivered a clear victory for the No campaign on Thursday, with 55% of Scottish voters rejecting independence and 45% backing it.
The pound later fell against the greenback, as many investors had already priced a No victory and sold sterling for profits.
The dollar was up against its cousins in Canada, Australia and New Zealand, with USD/CAD up 0.15% at 1.0953, AUD/USD down 0.61% at 0.8934 and NZD/USD down 0.22% at 0.8134.
The US Dollar Index, which tracks the performance of the greenback versus a basket of six other major currencies, was up 0.55% at 84.86.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

http://usat.ly/1tBn7jZMissed Alibaba? 7 Chinese stocks even better
By: Matt Krantz September 19, 2014 1:40 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
If you didn’t get shares of Alibaba (BABA) at the $68 offering price — it’s probably too late to chase them. But don’t worry, there are better choices, according to analysts.
With shares of Alibaba trading at $90 a share, that’s already about the $ 92 a share that analysts think the company is worth. But there are 7 other Chinese stocks that trade on major U.S. stock exchanges that have more potential upside, according to analysts.
Chinese stocks like Cheetah Mobile (CMCM) , Qihoo 360 (QIHU) and Sina (SINA) have 40% or more upside before hitting the average Wall Street 18-month price targets and that have at least five analysts covering them and are rated a “buy” or “outperform,” according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
When it comes to upside, it’s hard to beat Cheetah Mobile. The company sells devices and services for mobile computing users in China. It’s a hot area — but surprisingly analysts still see astounding upside. The average price target on the stock by the six analysts covering it is $197.59. If that target is on target, that represents a 722% potential upside from the stock’s current price of $24.04. And it’s easy to see why analysts are so bullish. Earnings are expected to grow 183% in 2014.
Chart source: MSN Money
Then there’s Qihoo 360, which provides computer mobile and Internet security services in China. Analysts are calling for 74% upside on this stock with the 18-month price target of $132.13. Shares are now trading for $75.86 a share today. Again, it’s another story of rapid growth. Analysts expect the company to post 45% higher earnings in 2014.
Lastly, rather than being bummed about missing Alibaba, check out Chinese online media company SINA. Analysts have an 18-month price target of $66 a share on the stock. That’s a big-time upside of 47% from the stock’s current price of $44.90. Sina is expected to have a down year, with earnings forecasted off 28% in 2014. But earnings are seen taking off in 2015, jumping 91%, says S&P Capital IQ.
So if you missed Alibaba at $68, that’s a shame. But you can perhaps do better.
Below are the seven Chinese stocks trading on U.S. exchanges that have at least 5 analysts and the most potential upside to the price targets:
Company

http://usat.ly/1ulqpphFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Pabst Brewing to be sold to Russian company
The maker of Pabst Blue Ribbon beer is being sold to Russian company Oasis Beverages for an undisclosed sum.
Post to Facebook
Pabst Brewing to be sold to Russian company The maker of Pabst Blue Ribbon beer is being sold to Russian company Oasis Beverages for an undisclosed sum. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1saWFiD
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
59
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Pabst Brewing to be sold to Russian company
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 10:10 a.m. EDT September 23, 2014
A six pack of Pabst Blue Ribbon Beer.
(Photo: Rene Alston, USA TODAY)
28018 CONNECT 662 TWEET 46 LINKEDIN 59 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Pabst Blue Ribbon — a sub-premium beer brand that embraced savvy marketing to stay relevant in a craft beer age — has been sold, along with its parent, Pabst Brewing Co., to Russian company Oasis Beverages.
The companies declined to disclose the sale price, but beverage industry analysts estimate the sale at nearly $750 million — a figure nearly three times the estimated $250 million that C. Dean Metropoulos & Co. paid for it in 2010.  Oasis Beverages'  partner in the purchase is TSG Consumer Partners, a consumer products company that will take a minority stake Pabst.
Besides the familiar Pabst Blue Ribbon label, Pabst Brewing Co. makes Colt 45, Old Milwaukee and Schlitz.  It also makes regional brews such as Lone Star, Rainier and Old Style.
The sales comes at a time the U.S. and the global beer industries both are dynamically evolving.  In recent years, foreign beer makers have been gobbling up the big U.S. beer brands.  At the same time, craft beers have become the industry's fastest-growing sector. Craft beer in the U.S. has 7.8% market share, up from about 4.9% in 2010, reports All About Beer Magazine, the nation's oldest beer consumer magazine.
Even in that environment, Pabst — a lower-priced brand that is anything but craft — has still managed to ratchet-up its popularity with the trend-setting, Millennial beer drinker.
"Pabst very successfully targeted hipsters looking for alternative brand choices," says Chris Rice, president and publisher of All About Beer Magazine. "There's a lot of crossover between the Pabst brand and craft  beer drinkers."
Never mind that few other sub-premium brands have had much luck with Millennials.
Pabst Brewing has an iconic past and many baby boomers still recall the familiar, shouted slogan from its 1950s-era commercials:  "What'll You Have?  Pabst Blue Ribbon."
More recently, Pabst Brewing has embraced pop culture.  In 2011, comedian Will Ferrell showed up in its Old Milwaukee beer ads, and in 2010, hip-hop icon Snoop Dogg starred in a Blast by Colt 45 commercial.
Pabst was acquired in 2010 by C. Dean Metropoulos & Co., which is known for investing in food brands, including Twinkie maker Hostess.
Pabst Brewing traces its roots back to 1844 in Milwaukee. Pabst Blue Ribbon in particular has also grown in popularity among people in their 20s and 30s in part for its blue-collar and retro appeal, as well as for its cheap price.
Still, Pabst accounts for less than 3% of the U.S. beer market, said Eric Shepard, executive editor of Beer Marketer's Insights, an industry tracker. He also noted that many of the most popular beers in the U.S. are already owned by foreign companies. Anheuser-Busch InBev, which makes Budweiser and Bud Light, is based in Belgium.
In a statement, Oasis Chairman Eugene Kashper called Pabst Blue Ribbon the "quintessential American brand — it represents individualism, egalitarianism and freedom of expression — all the things that make this country great."
Kashper will serve as CEO of Pabst Brewing, which will keep its headquarters in Los Angeles.
Contributing: Associated Press
28018 CONNECT 662 TWEET 46 LINKEDIN 59 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1saWFiD
USA NOW
Three grandmas smoke weed for first time
Nov 22, 2014

Another round of talks between Shiv Sena  BJP  but no breakthrough yet on seat sharingSep 20, 2014 at  08:41am IST
Another round of talks between Shiv Sena, BJP, but no breakthrough yet on seat sharing
27
0
Mumbai: The Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party met on Friday to save the 25-year-old alliance ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly elections. There has been no breakthrough yet as the two sides have been only exchanging new proposals for seat allocation.
Breaking from tradition, Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray's son Aditya Thackeray called a meeting with the BJP leadership in a South Mumbai residential complex. The meeting, which was being pegged as an attempt to thaw the deadlock, did not end the stalemate.
"I have made my position clear. Have communicated the same to BJP. They need to decide," Uddhav Thackeray said. "We are showing no ego. We are coming for talks. We want to take the alliance ahead in the greater interest of Maharashtra," Aditya added.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #shiv sena #bharatiya janata party #bjp
Both parties continue to hold on to their stands on seat sharing for the October 15 assembly polls. The BJP has now sent a new proposal to its oldest standing ally. The BJP insists that Sena must come up with the final figure of seats that they are willing to give. Sena only wants a discussion on the winnability of seats rather than just a figure.
Maharashtra BJP President Devendra Fadnavis said, "Nothing has gone wrong. We have given a new proposal and the ball is in their court. But one thing is clear that both the parties want the alliance."
The bargaining between both the parties is likely to continue over the next few days as all is not well with the saffron alliance. Both the parties are expected to meet once again and resolve the matter. It remains to be seen who is going to blink first.
10

Alibabas record IPO debuts at $92.7Alibabas record IPO debuts at $92.7
Sonam Kapoor s  Khoobsurat   Parineeti Chopra s  Daawat-e-Ishq  box office collections make slow startSonam Kapoor s  Khoobsurat   Parineeti Chopra s  Daawat-e-Ishq  box office collections make slow start
Moody s keeps France on negative outlookMoody s keeps France on negative outlook
Birds cause delay in take-off  landing of flights in Kolkata11
0
Kolkata: A flock of birds perched on the runway of the NSCB Airport and delayed take off and landing of flights by 30 minutes.
Airport sources said the air traffic control officials noticed the presence of birds on the runway at around 11.50 am when a Kolkata-Guwahati Jet Airways plane was preparing for a take-off.
At the same time a Nagpur-Kolkata GoAir flight was ready for landing.
A flock of birds perched on the runway of the NSCB Airport and delayed take off and landing of flights by 30 minutes.
The ATC then instructed the Jet Airways flight to halt its take-off while asking the GoAir flight to climb to a higher level till the birds were moved out by bird-chasers, the airport sources said.
9

Shooter Jitu Rai gives India first gold at IncheonShooter Jitu Rai gives India first gold at Incheon
Real Estate Regulation Bill seeks to enhance credibility of the sector: M.Venkaiah NaiduReal Estate Regulation Bill seeks to enhance credibility of the sector: M.Venkaiah Naidu
Modi too shrewd to be derailed by nationalist symbolism: ZakariaModi too shrewd to be derailed by nationalist symbolism: Zakaria
Bill Gates praises PM emphasis on community sanitation initiativesBill Gates praises PM emphasis on community sanitation initiatives
Shooters give India head start as Jitu Rai bags gold; Shweta Chaudhary musterbronzeIndia's Jitu Rai (left) bagged India's first gold medal while Shweta settled for bronze at Incheon on Saturday.(Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: September 20, 2014 10:31 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 1:51 pm
Ace Indian shooter Jitu Rai clinched a historic gold in the 50m Pistol event on the opening day of the 17th Asian Games at the Ongnyeon International Shooting Range, in Incheon on Saturday.
Fresh from his 50m Pistol silver in the World Championships, the Lucknow-based shooter completed a grand double as he had won a gold in the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow earlier this year.
The shooter, who serves the Gurkha regiment, was on target from the word go after moving into the finals even as compatriot Omkar Singh failed to cross the qualification hurdle.
In the finals though, Rai was tested by Vietnam’s Nguyen Hoang Phuong, who had to settle for silver and bronze medallist Wang Zhiwei of China.
Rai accumulated 186.2 points in comparison to Phuong’s 183.4 and Zhiwei stood a distant third with 165.6 points. This was India’s second medal at the ongoing Games after Shweta Chaudhry’s bronze in the 10m air pistol event. PTI FK PM
Shweta wins bronze in 10m Air Pistol
Shooter Shweta Chaudhry gave India their first medal on the opening day action of the 17th Asian Games after the Faridabad girl clinched bronze in the Women 10m Air Pistol Finals on Saturday.
Shweta looked focused from the start as she sailed through even after her much fancied teammates Heena Sidhu and Malaika Goel failed to make the finals cut.
The World No.146 had a topsy turvy ride in the finals as she led the standings after 3 shots but soon slipped to sixth and then improved to third.
There was a shoot off between Chaudhry and China’s Zhou for the bronze before the Indian came up trumps with a 10.7 hit.
China though stood first on the podium with Zhang Mengyuan bagging gold and Korea’s Jung Jeehae getting the silver.
Meanwhile Chinese women also won gold in the 10m Air Pistol Team event.
On expected line, China lead the the medals tally with 3 gold medals while India stand fifth with a bronze to their credit.
Shweta looked focused from the start as she sailed through even after her much fancied teammates

US markets closed mostly lower; Alibaba surges in IPO debutUS markets closed mostly lower; Alibaba surges in IPO debut
London finds itself in unfamiliar territory as Scotland votes for independenceYou are here: Home > Collections > London
London finds itself in unfamiliar territory as Scotland votes for independence
Bloomberg Sep 19, 2014, 03.58AM IST
Tags:
British Overseas Territories
(As the Scots vote on whether…)
Back when London was the capital of a third of the planet, the young sailor in Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness looked upon the serpentine Thames and conjured up what England sent forth into the world. "The dreams of men, the seed of commonwealths, the germs of empires," wrote Conrad in 1899.
It's a different sort of empire now. As the vast realm crumbled around London — scattered by the "wind of change" that then-Prime Minister Harold Macmillan perceived in a 1960 speech in South Africa — the capital expanded its dominion of finance and left the rest of a dissatisfied nation behind.
And as Scotland votes on whether to undo 307 years of union with England, London is both villain and victim. It's a city reduced to the sum total of its excess, growing in global influence and yet capital of a Britain that would no longer be so great were the Scots to opt out.
"Since the end of empire, London has flourished while much of the rest of the United Kingdom has suffered serious decline," said Alex von Tunzelmann, a historian and author of Indian Summer. "There is a great deal of resentment about this, and not just in Scotland."
The transformation took time. By the 1990s, after an ellipsis marked by industrial decline, race riots and nationwide strikes, London was back, riding a wave of Cool Britannia.
The Scottish nationalists' narrative is that of London as a disinterested overseer, having shrunk from what Salman Rushdie in the Satanic Verses described as the "capital of vilayat" (foreign) for the once-colonised, to the capital of the shrivelled Great Britain.
At stake is London's relationship to what remains: Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland and those scattered appendages of past glory, the 14 British Overseas Territories, which replicated and improved on the financial secrecy of the City to become outposts of London's empire of money.
Bloated with the talented young and the moneyed old, London, at least in the measurable currency of investment and capital, is impervious to the departure of Scotland.
"London's power is also from other metrics, like the concentration of state-funded institutions, or the diversity of its population," said Richard Bell, a professor at the University of Maryland in College Park who teaches a course on London and the British Empire.
"London will continue to hold a special place in the global imagination, even though it may be modestly diminished economically." In fact, the loss would further inflate London's economic dominance, said Tristram Hunt, a member of Parliament and author of Ten Cities That Made an Empire.
  Scotland today contributes about 9% of the UK economy. "London's been too powerful since the 16th century," he said. If the referendum succeeds, London could be "transformed into what some people want to see as a Hong Kong-style city-state off the coast of Northern Europe. England and Wales will be massively dominated by the capital."
What would be lost, Hunt said, is the sense of shared history between the Scottish and the English, especially those for whom London proved to be both a crucible of opportunity and a global stage.
EMPIRE 'EPITOME'
By 1916, in a guidebook for soldiers from the colonies who fought in the Great War, A Staines Manders described London as the "epitome of the Empire." The same could be said today for Canary Wharf and the City.
Where these shrines, both old and new, intersect is in the collective memories of those who will vote "yes" to independence in Scotland's referendum. Markers to London's ever-present hold on their lives, they present themselves for caricature and ridicule.
"These critical views of London are not new; they go far back, to the 18th and 17th century," said Felix Driver, a professor of human geography at the University of London, and coeditor of Imperial Cities: Landscape, Display and Identity. "But they are given a new spin — from the property market, to the bankers in the City, to the perceived corruption and greed of Westminster."
What's lost in this view is Scotland's own place of privilege within England's empire, said Driver. For all the calls for independence and freedom, Scotland is not a colony. It's more of a sibling or a spouse, and Glasgow flourished during the same period as London did, nicknamed during the Victorian and Edwardian periods as the second city of empire.
"The way Glasgow is, if you wrote empire out of the story, you really wouldn't be able to understand much at all," said Driver.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fully prepared to go alone if seat-sharing talks with BJP fail: Shiv SenaBJP
(Shiv Sena says it is prepared…)
MUMBAI: With the alliance with BJP in doldrums, the Shiv Sena says it is prepared to go alone to the voters if seat sharing talks fail between the two. Senior leaders of the party said they have readied a tentative list of 288 candidates, of which 199 have "strong" prospects of winning.
"Off course, we don't expect to win all the 288 seats, but for at least 199 of these seats we have identified candidates who would be able to put up a strong fight," a senior Shiv Sena leader said, requesting anonymity.
Shiv Sena and BJP had contested 169 and 119 seats, respectively, for the 288-member Maharashtra assembly in 2009. While Shiv Sena won 44 seats, BJP candidates secured 46. BJP started of seeking 60 additional seats from its ally for the October 15 polls.
With senior leaders such as former state chief minister Manohar Joshi being sidelined in the party and Pramod Navalkar and Madhukar Sarpotdar having passed away, the Sena is relying on the new generation of leaders, known for their loyalty to party chief Uddhav Thackeray. These include Anil Parab, who heads the Sena-backed Cable Operators Union in Mumbai and Ravindra Waikar, a former chairman of Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's standing committee.
Among Thackeray's other loyalists is Dahisar MLA Vinod Ghosalkar, whom several female Sena corporators recently accused publicly of using obscene and vulgar language against them. Despite the allegation, Thackeray did not take any action against Ghosalkar.
Other leaders who have risen through the ranks in the party include Anil Desai, who controls the Sena-backed unions in several banks, and Eknath Shinde, who has managed to keep rival Maharashtra Navnirman Sena at bay in Sena's bastion of Thane.
Smaller allies lose patience with Sena-BJP
Smaller alliance partners of the Shiv Sena and BJP are slowly losing patience with the two parties, as the seat-sharing talks seem to reach no conclusion even after several rounds of talks. On Thursday, Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghtana Chief & MP Raju Shetti said that if no alliance of saffron partners is announced till Sunday, his party will field 63 candidates in the polls.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena dismisses BJP s ultimatum for decision on allianceBJP
( Hours after BJP gave it…)
MUMBAI: Hours after BJP gave it an ultimatum to take a final call on the seat-sharing pact for Maharashtra assembly elections, Shiv Sena said tonight that it would not be dictated by anybody.
"We won't compromise on our self-respect. We met (party president) Uddhav Thackeray today and had a discussion on alliance. Shiv Sena does not obey anybody's ultimatum. The final decision will be taken only by Uddhav Thackeray," Sena MP Sanjay Raut told reporters here.
Thackeray called an emergency meeting of his close aides at his residence after BJP asked Sena to agree on a seat-sharing formula or face a break-up of the alliance.
Senior Sena leaders, including Gajanan Kirtikar, Sanjay Raut, Ramdas Kadam, Subhash Desai and Diwakar Raote, were present at the meeting.
Raut said the party top brass authorised Thackeray to take a decision on the alliance with BJP.
"Any decision taken by the party chief on the alliance with BJP will be final. The state will stand behind Uddhav Thackeray over whatever decision he takes," Raut said.
BJP had proposed, after its landslide victory in Lok Sabha polls, that both parties should contest 135 seats each (of the total 288 assembly seats). But Sena rejected this demand.
In the 2009 elections, BJP had contested 119 seats and Shiv Sena 169.
However, this time both parties would have to cede some seats for other members of their 'grand alliance' namely Swabhimaani Shetkari Paksha, RPI, Rashtriya Samaj Paksha (RSP) and MLC Vinayak Mete's Shivasangram.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vijay Mallya should not continue on USL board: IiASVijay Mallya should not continue on United Spirits board, says proxy advisory firm IiAS
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 18:37 IST
USL Chairman Vijay Mallya (Photo: Reuters)
The continuation of Vijay Mallya , who has been declared a 'wilful defaulter', on United Spirits board would constrain the company from raising debt in the country, according to proxy advisory firm IiAS.
The firm has advised United Spirits'(USL) shareholders to vote against the proposal to re-appoint Mallya as director on the board. Earlier this month, United Bank of India had declared Kingfisher Airlines, its promoter Vijay Mallya and three other directors as wilful defaulter citing alleged diversion of funds.
Kingfisher Airlines and directors declared as wilful defaulters would not be able to borrow from banks in the future.
They would also lose director-level positions in companies and criminal proceeding could be initiated against them, if warranted, to recover the money. Untill this matter (regarding wilful defaulter) is resolved, Vijay Mallya continuing on the board will constrain USL's ability to raise debt from the Indian financial system, IiAS (Institutional Investor Advisory Services) said in a report.
USL is a Diageo subsidiary and can access funds support from its parent company. However, this is not an optimum way of doing business, it added. The annual general meeting of USL is scheduled for September 30.

Jat vote scripts SP debut in twoseatsPrint
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:46 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 4:52 am
The unexpected win of Samajwadi Party at the two assembly seats of Bijnor and Thakurdwara is being credited to the overwhelming support of the Jat community, which had drifted away from the party after the Muzaffarnagar communal riots. Surprisingly, the community even cold-shouldered BJP’s Jat candidate in Bijnor and voted for SP, according to a detailed booth-wise report that Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav is learnt to have sought from Bijnor party leaders.
The SP has now decided to aggressively mobilise the community with Akhilesh putting party’s two Jat leaders, Sanjay Lathar and Kuldeep Ujjawal, on the job.
In the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the Jats, who are traditional Rashtriya Lok Dal supporters, openly supported the BJP. This time around, they ignored BJP’s Jat candidate Hemendra Pal in Bijnor and voted for SP’s Ruchi Veera who is from Vaishya community.
BJP MP Kunwar Bhartendu Singh, who had vacated the seat is a Jat, campaigned for Pal.
Bijnor has nearly 75,000 Jat voters and shares its borders with Muzaffarnagar that witnessed communal riots last year in September.
Veera, who polled 25,173 votes in the 2012 assembly polls, bagged 1.01 lakh votes defeating the BJP candidate by 11,567 votes.
“It is true that Jats voted for the SP in this bypoll. They are fed up of communal politics. Most of them believe that they were carried away by the BJP. They supported us and we won in most of the Jat dominated villages,” claimed Sanjay Lathar.
The Muslims, too, supported SP but their polling percentage was far less than the Jats.
SP has won in Jat villages like Bilaspur, Kishanpur, Raipur I, Raipur II, Bahadurpur, Ganjalpur, Bhojpur, Moinuddinpur, Fazalpur, Kaziwala, Muzaffarpur, Suhawadi Khurd, Suhawadi Buzurg, Maqsoodpur Hafiz, Madawali, Amipur, Chatra, Nayagaon, Jamalpur Pathani and Taraqpur Roopchand. SP had lost most of these polling booths in the recently concluded Lok Sabha polls.
Even as SP was not hopeful of a win on the two seats, it made some strategic moves ahead of the bypolls with the Jat votebank in mind. It demanded that the country;s highest civilian award, Bharat Ratna, be bestowed on Jat icon and former prime minister Chaudhary Charan Singh. Then, nearly 60 Jat leaders, including Shomendra Singh, who were expelled from SP, were reinducted before the bypolls. Even former minister Swami Omvesh was poached from RLD. SP had also approached RLD’s local leaders.
In Thakurdwara constituency, the party had sent Jat leader Kuldeep Ujjawal who was instrumental in managing 25,000-odd Jat voters,  which also included Vishnoi Jat community.  SP candidate Nawab Jan Khan polled 1.11 lakh votes, winning by a margin of 27,743 votes.
“Most of the Jats voted for SP. The election could not have been won with only Muslim votes,”  a minister, who was sent to the constituency for poll management, said.

India Inc s rich to discuss philanthropy wit...India Inc honchos to talk philanthropy with Bill Gates at an event hosted by Azim Premji
ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Azim Premji
BANGALORE: Wipro's billionaire founder Azim Premji and some of India's wealthiest people will get together in Bangalore to talk philanthropy with Microsoft founder Bill Gates, who has donated more than $1 billion to support social causes in India.
At a private event hosted by Premji, the first Indian to join Bill Gates and Warren Buffett's Giving Pledge club, they will discuss how to put their wealth to work on social causes. "The basic theme is to make the world a better place," said Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, chief of Bangalore-based pharmaceutical company Biocon. "We all have been fortunate to have wealth. We want to tell other wealthy to share with (the) community and (want) more people to be philanthropic."
Premji, 69, signed the Giving Pledge in 2013, donating more than 20% of his stake in the software exporter to Azim Premji Foundation, which works in the education sector. In 2012, a similar event was hosted by Premji, Gates and Ratan Tata to discuss philanthropy in the areas of education, healthcare, water and agriculture.
Cyrus Mistry of the Tata Group, GMR Group's GM Rao, GVK Reddy from the GVK Group, Infosys co-founders S Gopalakrishnan and Nandan Nilekani, Naveen Jindal of Jindal Steel & Power, Airtel Chairman Sunil Mittal and VG Sidhartha of Cafe Coffee Day were among those who attended that meeting.
"This is a private meeting, so we can't share any details," said Anurag Behar, chief executive of the Azim Premji Foundation, on the latest event. The idea is to have candid conversations among participants, away from public glare.
"All of us are meeting to learn from each other," said Rohini Nilekani, founder of Arghyam, a not-for-profit that works in the area of water, and wife of Nandan Nilekani. "It's important for philanthropy in India." Earlier this year, Premji hired Amnesty India head G Ananthapadmanabhan to look at grants for external agencies. Premji has a net worth of $16.7 billion, making him the third-richest in India, according to the Forbes Rich List.
Bill Gates and wife Melinda, who met Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday, started their trip to India earlier this week. In a blog post citing India's achievement in polio eradication and works on rotavirus, which kills over 100,000 children in the country every year, Gates wrote all these add up to "a pivotal moment for India".
Gates, who also met political leaders such as Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari and Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu, announced $700,000 towards flood relief in Jammu & Kashmir.
Gates counted health, sanitation and financial inclusion among some of the priority areas for the country. "We hope to talk with India's leaders about how we might help accomplish some of their goals," he wrote. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which started working in India in 2003, has contributed nearly $1 billion to projects in areas such as HIV/Aids prevention and polio eradication.
  India has the sixth-largest billionaire population with a combined net worth of more than $175 billion, according to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014."Philanthropic donations do not seem to be raising enough funds to solve some of the toughest problems our world faces," said Subhash Dhar, founder of Gudville, a private social network to discover and share causes. "We have to find ways to connect causes to our mainstream economy."
However, philanthropy among wealthy Indians has been on the rise. Some of the biggest donors include HCL Group founder Shiv Nadar, Infosys co-founders Nilekani and Gopalakrishnan, and GMR's Rao. Gopalakrishnan recently set aside Rs 225 crore to set up a centre for brain research at the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore, the largest donation from an individual the institute has ever received.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indians could not invest in Alibaba IPO on lack of overseas investment facilitiesIndians could not invest in Alibaba IPO due to lack of overseas investment facilities
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 11.02AM IST
(RBI allows Indian investors…)
MUMBAI: As Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba lists on the US bourses on Friday after raising $21.8 billion through the biggest-ever initial public offering (IPO), various affluent investors in India are rueing a missed opportunity. Many of them have been unable to apply to the muchhyped Alibaba IPO as most domestic brokerage houses are not keen on offering facilities for investing in stock markets overseas as they are unviable.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) allows Indian investors to invest up to $1,25,000 (about Rs 75 lakhs) overseas every financial year under the liberalised remittance scheme.
When the Indian central bank had liberalised overseas investment limits during the previous decade, many brokerages had jumped on the bandwagon and tied up with foreign firms to offer international broking services to their rich clients. But they did not find much interest for the services among Indian investors.
"Barring select IPOs, there is not much interest among investors. It is not possible for us to actively research or advise on overseas stocks. Hence, we do not register new clients for overseas trading," says B Gopkumar, executive vice-president and head of broking, Kotak Securities.
To invest in overseas equities directly or in an initial public offer (IPO), investors need to open a separate trading account with an overseas broker. This can be done if the local broker has a tieup with an overseas broker. Alternatively, a trading account can also be opened directly with international brokers like Interactive Brokers, which have a physical presence in Mumbai. But, only a few are aware of it or they are not comfortable starting another relationship.
Brokers cite tough regulations in overseas markets as the reason for not offering overseas trading accounts. For example, to offer trading on the US stock exchanges, a broker will have to comply with the US SEC norms. If there is any dispute, the court of jurisdiction will be in the US. "The regulatory environment is fluid and the risks associated are too high," said Jyotheesh Kumar, vice-president, HDFC Securities.
From an investor's viewpoint, opening a trading account and maintaining it could be tough. Besides higher documentation, many brokerage houses insist on maintaining margins of more than $10,000 (about Rs 6 lakh) in the broking account.
Unlike Indian brokerages, which charge a percentage of the trade value, many US brokers charge a minimum fee of at least 5-6 % per trade, making transactions in low-value trades costlier. Also, there are fees to be paid to the bank for remitting funds overseas.
"If a client does not trade or is inactive for a year, many international brokerages may even terminate the account," said Jyotheesh Kumar. This upsets the client, who may not understand the need for strict compliance and may hold the domestic brokerage house responsible, thereby disturbing the local relationship.
There are also restrictions on the domestic broker on communication with clients. As per regulations, a domestic broker cannot call the client, send emails or SMSes or solicit business. Going against any of these rules could mean a violation. Brokerage officials said there is not much in terms of revenue that the local firm stands to earn in the arrangement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba debuts with a bang on Wall StreetYou are here: Home > Collections
Alibaba debuts with a bang on Wall Street, stock lists at $92.70/share
Agencies Sep 20, 2014, 01.19AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba Group Holding Inc
(Alibaba Group Holding's…)
NEW YORK: Alibaba Group Holding's shares surged by more than 40% on their first day of trading on Friday as investors jumped in to buy what looks likely to be the largest IPO in history.
More than two hours after trading began at the New York Stock Exchange, the stock opened at $92.70 and rose from there, hitting a high of $99.70 in active trading, during which more than 100 million shares change hands in composite trading in the first 10 minutes of trading.
Its spectacular debut ensured that Alibaba comfortably surpassed Facebook by market capitalisation on its first trade as a public company for a valuation of more than $200 billion. The Chinese ecommerce company now trails only Google, Apple and Microsoft Corp in size among UStraded technology companies. "This is by far the biggest IPO event-extravaganza that we've had," said a trader.
The pricing on Thursday initially raised $21.8 billion for Alibaba. Scott Cutler, head of the New York Stock Exchange's global listing business, said underwriters would exercise their option for an additional 48 million shares, to bring the IPO's size to about $25 billion, making it the largest IPO in history.
The sale values the company at about $168 billion, more than American icons such as Walt Disney and Coca-Cola. Should the stock close at $98 on its first day, it would be worth about $241 billion, nearly the value of Walmart Stores.
Jack Ma, a former English teacher, founded Alibaba in 1999 in his apartment. His personal fortune is more than $14 billion on paper, vaulting him into the ranks of such tech billionaires as Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos. The deal is also expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of the company's managers, software engineers and other staff. The rise in the stock exceeds the average gain by new IPOs on US exchanges of late. In the second quarter, the average first-day gain was 9.2%, according to Renaissance Capital IPO Intelligence.
Underwriters usually aim for a gain of 10-15% on the first day. Demand was intense among the retail investor crowd as well. JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at retail brokerage TD Ameritrade Holding Corp, said the company received customer orders amounting to about 70% of what it saw for Facebook, and about three times the customer orders it had for Twitter's IPO.
With underwriters electing to sell more shares, the company's IPO becomes the largest in history, surpassing Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's $22.1 billion listing in 2010.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indians rue missing Alibaba IPO | US retail investors lap upIndians could not invest in Alibaba IPO due to lack of overseas investment facilities
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 11.02AM IST
(RBI allows Indian investors…)
MUMBAI: As Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba lists on the US bourses on Friday after raising $21.8 billion through the biggest-ever initial public offering (IPO), various affluent investors in India are rueing a missed opportunity. Many of them have been unable to apply to the muchhyped Alibaba IPO as most domestic brokerage houses are not keen on offering facilities for investing in stock markets overseas as they are unviable.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) allows Indian investors to invest up to $1,25,000 (about Rs 75 lakhs) overseas every financial year under the liberalised remittance scheme.
When the Indian central bank had liberalised overseas investment limits during the previous decade, many brokerages had jumped on the bandwagon and tied up with foreign firms to offer international broking services to their rich clients. But they did not find much interest for the services among Indian investors.
"Barring select IPOs, there is not much interest among investors. It is not possible for us to actively research or advise on overseas stocks. Hence, we do not register new clients for overseas trading," says B Gopkumar, executive vice-president and head of broking, Kotak Securities.
To invest in overseas equities directly or in an initial public offer (IPO), investors need to open a separate trading account with an overseas broker. This can be done if the local broker has a tieup with an overseas broker. Alternatively, a trading account can also be opened directly with international brokers like Interactive Brokers, which have a physical presence in Mumbai. But, only a few are aware of it or they are not comfortable starting another relationship.
Brokers cite tough regulations in overseas markets as the reason for not offering overseas trading accounts. For example, to offer trading on the US stock exchanges, a broker will have to comply with the US SEC norms. If there is any dispute, the court of jurisdiction will be in the US. "The regulatory environment is fluid and the risks associated are too high," said Jyotheesh Kumar, vice-president, HDFC Securities.
From an investor's viewpoint, opening a trading account and maintaining it could be tough. Besides higher documentation, many brokerage houses insist on maintaining margins of more than $10,000 (about Rs 6 lakh) in the broking account.
Unlike Indian brokerages, which charge a percentage of the trade value, many US brokers charge a minimum fee of at least 5-6 % per trade, making transactions in low-value trades costlier. Also, there are fees to be paid to the bank for remitting funds overseas.
"If a client does not trade or is inactive for a year, many international brokerages may even terminate the account," said Jyotheesh Kumar. This upsets the client, who may not understand the need for strict compliance and may hold the domestic brokerage house responsible, thereby disturbing the local relationship.
There are also restrictions on the domestic broker on communication with clients. As per regulations, a domestic broker cannot call the client, send emails or SMSes or solicit business. Going against any of these rules could mean a violation. Brokerage officials said there is not much in terms of revenue that the local firm stands to earn in the arrangement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Express 5: Check on Muslim men in garbas; remembering the Mandolin geniusWe recommend that you go through these five stories before starting your Saturday.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 9:00 am
The weekend has arrived. We recommend that you go through these five stories before starting your Saturday:
1. ‘NO MUSLIM MEN IN GARBA’ CALL:
Usha Thakur, the BJP legislator from Indore.
Barely days after a BJP MLA said that Muslim men should not be allowed to enter garba venues and that their identity cards be checked, the local administration in Indore and Ujjain cities on Friday instructed garba organisers to ensure that men are allowed entry only after checking their photo-ID cards.
2. SAVE THE TIGER:
The tigress was found dead on Friday.
Panna Tiger Reserve’s turnaround was made possible in part by collaring of the big cats but the very contraption may have contributed to the death of a tigress in the reserve, in possibly the first such case.
Panna tigress dies in a collar , another special report by Milind Ghatwai
3. REMEMBERING THE MAESTRO:
How does one assess the work of an artist? Is it necessary or even possible for us to measure, calculate and translate art in empirical values? These are the thoughts that come to me as I try to come to terms with the death today of Mandolin U Shrinivas and his work as a musician.
The musician who never spoke but we all listened to
4. OPINION:
It is the Congress-NCP camp that is keenly waiting for the news of a Sena-BJP split. This would allow it greater flexibility in choosing post-poll partners.
About loveless marriages by P Vaidyanathan Iyer
5. EXPRESS IN INCHEON:
Young spectators watch video screens in rapt attention during the opening ceremony of the 17th Asian Games in Incheon on Friday. (AP)
At precisely 8.51 pm local time, the clock stopped. The North Korean flag emerged from the tunnel, their athletes waving it rather hesitantly. The act is officially banned on the southern part of the Korean peninsula, so the reluctance on their part was understandable.

Seat-sharing row: Allies Shiv Sena  BJP try and hold on for nowComments
The Shiv Sena-BJP alliance was kept intact on Friday after senior leaders of both parties met and decided to begin negotiations with a new seat-sharing formula. The alliance had reached breaking point as the parties had suspended talks last week owing to differences over seat sharing for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls.
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray’s son Aaditya and senior party leader Subhash Desai held talks with BJP in-charge OP Mathur on Friday evening. At the time of going to press, both sides were engaged in discussions at the Mayor’s bungalow.
“We are still discussing things,” said Desai, adding that the alliance will survive.
The Sena has agreed to consider a new proposal for sharing seats — Sena’s 59 and BJP’s 19 — that both parties have not won in the last 25 years. This was agreed upon after the BJP refused to accept the 119 seats offer and reminded the Sena about the sacrifices it has made in the past to save the alliance.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Cabinet colleague Nitin Gadkari met twice in New Delhi on Friday to discuss the situation. Sources said it was on the PM’s instructions that the state core committee, which met Friday afternoon, proposed a new formula to the Sena. Gadkari, who was to visit the city on Friday evening, cancelled his trip citing health reasons.
Sources from the Sena said the party top brass was unwilling to accept less than 150 seats, while the under the formula suggested by the BJP, the former will get less than 150 seats and the latter would have around 125 seats, 10 less than their initial demand. The four smaller allies are proposed to be given 15 to 18 seats.
Read: Sene lashes out at Rajnath Singh on love jihad issue
State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis demanded that all doubts be cleared once and for all. “The two sides still have serious differences. The Sena says our demand is unjust, while we too feel they are unjust. We have many things to decide [before the final outcome is decided],” he said.
Friday’s moves, however, have not brought relief to the cadre of both parties, as there is still no outcome with the process of filing nominations beginning on Saturday.
Read: Silent on Sena, Shah urges workers to bring BJP to power
Eknath Khadse, Opposition leader in the Assembly, said his party had given six Lok Sabha seats and one Rajya Sabha seat to the Sena in the past. “Most of them were sitting positions. Of late, we accommodated RPI’s Ramdas Athvale on the Rajya Sabha seat held by Prakash Javadekar,” said Khadse, after the BJP state core committee meeting.
The tension between the allies escalated after the BJP demanded an equal share of the state’s 288 Assembly seats, citing the Lok Sabha poll results, where they won 23 seats against the Sena’s 18. In 2009, the Sena had contested 169 seats and the BJP 119, winning 44 and 46, respectively. Later, talks were suspended after Udhhav Thackeray raised doubts over the impact of a Modi wave in the state polls.
Read: Shah shrugs off loss, says rivals have grown wings
On Thursday, BJP’s national president Amit Shah had asked for an immediate response from the Sena, but his demand for protecting the BJP’s self-esteem did not go well with their ally. Sniffing “arrogance” in Shah’s statements made at public rallies in western Maharashtra, the Sena said no one could issue them an ultimatum and asked the BJP to accept 119 seats or forget the pact.

Indias Unvired to power up Google GlassIndia’s Unvired to power up Google Glass for enterprises
Peerzada Abrar, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 07.22AM IST
Tags:
Google
(Unvired is now working with…)
Bangalore: A small oil painting hangs in the office of Srinivasan Subramanian, the chief technology officer of enterprise mobility startup Unvired. It depicts a white ship sailing against the current.
"My wife did that (painting)," said Subramanian pointing to it. "It is an indirect way of support from the family." Unvired's other cofounder Dilip Sridhar said the inside joke in the office is that Subramanian's wife made the ship go against the current to show the difficulty of product companies succeeding in India.
But that was six years ago. These days the startup tucked away in Bangalore's Jayanagar is creating a buzz by offering Internet of Things (IoT)—a technology where devices communicate with each other intelligently — to large enterprises.
It has notched up a marquee list of global customers, including New Zealand's electricity distribution company WEL Networks, chemical company Kaneka, life science and tech company Sigma-Aldrich, among others.
"Services is something which is against our DNA," said Subramanian. "Product is more difficult route that is why it has taken us six years to reach there and weigh against the biggies."
Unvired is now working with Google X, a facility run by Google, on IoT which will help enterprises to improve productivity and efficiency using wearable devices like Google Glass. It has built an inventory and warehouse management app for Google Glass that integrates directly with the software.
"Workers can do hands-free transactions involving goods movement and other functions directly with enterprise software, without the need for a phone or tablet," said Sridhar, a vice president at Unvired. Wearables are in vogue, especially Google Glass and smartwatches.
Companies can save over $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) in costs related to field service using wearables, according to research firm Gartner. "We selected the Unvired mobile platform over other competing platforms, because it offered us the greatest value, ease of building custom applications and seamless integration with SAP," said Andre Winterhalter, information technology director, Kaneka Americas Holding.
This month Unvired was selected as a finalist in technology innovation leadership awards by Silicon Valleybased research firm Ventana Research. Founded in 2007 by former employees at German software maker SAP, Unvired launched the enterprise IoT platform four years later in India.
But it had to shift to other markets like United States and Middle East which were more open then to such technology. "The notion in India is that this kind of technology should be like the air we breathe — free," said Subramanian who declined to reveal the revenue of the firm. "We can't afford that."
The company, which is completely bootstrapped, is now in talks with venture capital firms to raise around Rs 60 crore to scale up its operations. "There is lot of startup action in IoT," said Bhavanipratap Rana, investment director at Intel Capital, the venture capital arm of the world's largest chip maker.
"Enterprise is more willing to pay." What is also unique about the Unvired founders is that they hired a non-founder Alok Pant, who was senior vice president, at NTT DATA (formerly Intelligroup), as chief executive of the firm.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian Games Day 1: Jitu Rai shines in 50m air pistol event  gives India first goldprint
Ace Indian shooter Jitu Rai clinched a historic gold in the 50m air pistol event on the opening day of the 17th Asian Games at the Ongnyeon International Shooting Range in Incheon, South Korea on Saturday.
Fresh from his 50m pistol silver in the World Championships, the Lucknow-based shooter completed a grand double as he had won a gold in the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow earlier this year.
The shooter, who serves the Gurkha regiment, was on target from the word go after moving into the finals even as compatriot Omkar Singh failed to cross the qualification hurdle.
In the finals though, Rai was tested by Vietnam's Nguyen Hoang Phuong, who had to settle for silver and bronze medallist Wang Zhiwei of China.
Rai accumulated 186.2 points in comparison to Phuong's 183.4 and Zhiwei stood a distant third with 165.6 points. This was India's second medal at the ongoing Games after Shweta Chaudhry's bronze in the 10m air pistol event.

Richard Verma once declined US ambassadorship to IndiaVerma once declined US ambassadorship to India
Pramit Pal Chaudhuri , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 20, 2014
First Published: 00:27 IST(20/9/2014) | Last Updated: 11:04 IST(20/9/2014)
Comments
Richard Rahul Verma had reportedly declined the US ambassadorship to India the first time he was sounded out by the Barack Obama administration. After many years in the State Department and the US Congress he had recently joined the lobby group Albright Stonebridge, a common career shift among Washingtonians who need to earn the dollars that cannot be earned in a government job.
Verma was not initially seen as a frontrunner because New Delhi had signaled it did not want a person of Indian origin as ambassador.
However, finding the sort of “elderly white statesman” politically connected to the White House that New Delhi preferred proved difficult. After Ashton Carter, the ex-Pentagon number three, opted for the sort of private sector consultancy that Verma is giving up, the State Department returned to Verma.
Also read: Richard Verma is the next US ambassador to India
Those who have worked with him describe as “very well organized, an efficient manager of meetings.” But Verma has a reputation for being informal and casual. “He is good at putting people at ease,” said an associate. The State Department’s senior diplomat, Bill Burns, has publicly said Verma is “one of the most decent people he knows.” Indians who know him say compared to earlier super-charged US ambassadors like Bob Blackwill or Frank Wisner, Verma will come across as “low-key.”
Verma’s father migrated from the Punjab in the 1960s and taught at the University of Pittsburgh. His mother was a special needs teacher. “His upbringing was very normal American,” said an associate. “He has some cousins and other relatives in India but began making political and economic contacts there a few years back.”
The ambassador-designate served as a lawyer in the US navy, worked as national security advisor to senator Harry Reid, did a stint in the democracy promoting National Democratic Institute before serving in the state department. Though he worked on Obama’s transition team, says a Washington lobbyist, “he is basically a Clinton Democrat.”
One described him as “very political and a good networker in Democratic circles: committed to social justice, climate change and issues like that. But also big on building up defense and homeland security-counterterrorism ties with India.”
Verma was said to be torn between working on the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign and accepting the ambassadorship. Some believe he calculates he can retain the position after Obama leaves. There are normally few takers for an envoy’s position in the lame duck phase of a presidency. “Ultimately he decided this was an opportunity that might never come back,” said a former co-worker.

6 Russian fighter jets intercepted by US near Alaska6 Russian fighter jets intercepted by US near Alaska
AFP
print
Six Russian MiG 35 fighter jets entered a US "air defense identification zone" Friday and were intercepted by American and Canadian warplanes near Alaska, two US defense officials said.
Although Russian aircraft have entered the zone previously it was "the first time in a long time" that fighter jets passed through the area, a defense official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told AFP.
The Russian planes left the area without incident, he said.

Tiruchi police logs into WhatsAppUpdated: September 20, 2014 11:26 IST
Tiruchi police logs into WhatsApp
R. Rajaram
Tweet
The city police have taken to social media and messaging tools to connect with city residents and receive information from them.
WhatsApp, the mobile phone messaging application, and Facebook, an online social networking service, are the two new generation modes that have been used by the city police to reach out to the public.
The city police announced a dedicated mobile number 9626273399 to receive information from public through Whatsapp.
A team of police officers would be entrusted with the task of monitoring information received through the WhatsApp from public round-the-clock and disseminate them to the officers concerned immediately.
Quick response
“We have opened up to public to receive information and respond swiftly on them,” Commissioner of Police Shailesh Kumar Yadav said.
Public could pass on information pertaining to crimes, criminals, road accidents, and traffic hold ups through these new generation modes, Mr. Yadav told presspersons at the City Police Office here on Friday.
Another team of police personnel would monitor the information received in the Facebook account of the Tiruchi City Police – coptrc@gmail.com, Mr. Yadav said.
The city police had decided to make use of the technology to obtain information from the residents, he said and added that the identity of persons passing on the information would be protected.
CCTVs
A monitoring mechanism would be put in place at police stations falling within the city limits with the installation of closed circuit television (CCTV) units.
Three CCTVs would be installed in each police station to monitor the functioning of police personnel and those of the visitors. The detection of cases reported in city police limits was 90 per cent, while it was 89 per cent on the recovery side.
On the traffic front, he said road accidents showed a slightly increasing trend in the city limits this year. Most accidents happened on the highways, the Commissioner said.

Alibaba shares close 38 percent above initial asking price on NYSEAlibaba shares close 38 percent above initial asking price on NYSE
As G20 chases growth goal  members differ on how to get thereAs G20 chases growth goal  members differ on how to get there
Chinese troops remain on Indian territory in LadakhChinese troops remain on Indian territory in Ladakh
Himalayan glaciers losing ice by thinningUpdated: September 17, 2014 22:47 IST
Himalayan glaciers losing ice by thinning
Shubashree Desikan
The glaciers are in one stage of development. Photo: AP
TOPICS
environmental issues
The response of the Himalayan glaciers to climate change is very puzzling in many ways. Despite being subjected to similar climate changes, some of these glaciers appear to be stagnant as their fronts (or mouths) appear to be stationary. However, appearances can be deceptive and these glaciers are in one stage of development where they are losing ice by thinning, as revealed by a study published in the Journal of Glaciology.
The paper is authored by Argha Banerjee, now at IISER, Kolkata, and R. Shankar of the Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai.
Three aspects of the puzzle are interesting: First, despite experiencing similar climatic changes, such as warming, many glaciers appear not to be retreating — in other words, they appear to be stagnant.
Second, there is a marked difference between the average behaviour of extensively debris-covered glaciers and sparsely debris-covered glaciers. Third, there is a large variation in the retreat rates of the “fronts” of glaciers, which is the point where the glacier begins.
“Selecting the problem to analyse was perhaps the most challenging aspect of the study,” says Prof. Shankar. Of the several variables connected with ice loss, a careful study by the researchers indicated that debris cover played a significant role. For instance, of the 128 glaciers with sparse debris cover, only 18 per cent are stationary/advancing and 82 per cent are known to be retreating. In the case of the glaciers with extensive debris cover, as much as 48 per cent are stationary/advancing while only 52 per cent are retreating.
This is all the more puzzling as the two types of glaciers are not geographically separated and do experience similar climates.
“They [the extensively debris-covered glaciers] respond differently from the bare glaciers. They tend to thin and then retreat. So their retreat rate alone may not indicate the ice-volume loss,” he adds.
The group’s numerical investigations reveal that the extensively debris-covered glaciers contain two significant time scales.
During the first period, which can last as long as a century, these glaciers maintain a stationary front while the shape changes and ice is lost by thinning. After this period, it starts to retreat.
The study thus helped in reclassifying the glaciers with extensive debris cover as retreating despite the front appearing stationary. As a result, the fraction of shrinking debris-covered glaciers shot up to 73 per cent.
Thus the percentage of glaciers that are retreating was nearly the same immaterial of whether they were extensively debris covered or sparsely covered.
The group has also obtained the warming rate in the Himalayas from the bare glacier retreat data.
“The glaciated regions in the past 40-50 years experienced an average warming rate roughly the same as the global average warming rate, but with a wide variability,” says Prof. Shankar, referring to local differences in warming rate.

Scotland polls: 54% want to stay with UK  46% for independenceYou are here: Home > Collections > Scotland
Scotland polls: 54% want to stay with UK, 46% for independence
Sudeshna Sen, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 04.33AM IST
Tags:
Scotland
(The survey involved 1,828…)
Late polls on the day that Scotland voted by YouGOV show that that 54% of the Scottish people voted to stay within the UK, while 46% voted for independence. While this early exit poll has yet to be confirmed by results announced Friday, YouGOV told Skynews they are confident of their exit polls. This follows a record turnout, with over 95% of Scots voting on a referendum to a simple question - should Scotland stay within the UK or become an independent nation? More than 4 million people voted, all residents of Scotland.
Over the past few weeks, the referendum issue has flared up, dividing both Scotland and England. The move for independence was driven by Alex Salmond, the head of the Scottish Nationalist Party, which currently heads the Scottish parliament and holds a majority of parliament states in the region.
Analysts say that a vote this close to the wire will change the nature of the United Kingdom forever. In the last frantic days before the referendum, Westminster -- the central government - offered various carrots to Scotland to stay within the UK. Alistair Darling led the stay together campaign, despite being a Labour and opposition member, as ruling Tories are highly unpopular in Scotland.
The survey involved 1,828 people after they voted today, together with the postal votes of 800 people, and was not a traditional exit poll, say reports. YouGOV is Britain's leading pollster.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Five big takeaways from Xi Jinpings visit to IndiaFive big takeaways from Xi Jinping’s visit to India
Sep 19, 2014, 07.05AM IST
Tags:
(The most significant one…)
By Dr Srikanth Kondapalli
China's President Xi Jinping's visit to India this week will go down the history in five major aspects. Firstly, there were many unprecedented departures from the past in these interactions. Prime Minister Narendra Modi receiving Xi at Ahmadabad signifies the onset of regional diplomacy in India. Possibly for the first time, agreements were signed at the regional (Gujarat state) level on sister cities, sister states and development related issues. This has been the trend recently after Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh and other states pushed the envelope of diplomacy by engaging — in the economic field — with others.
Yesterday's agreement further legitimizes this process of regional state's outreach. Also, resembling the California meeting between Presidents Xi and Obama in June 2013 that yielded a "new type of major power relations" for the two, the interactions in Ahmadabad were conducted in a very informal manner with possibly very few formal issues coming up on the agenda.
Unlike his predecessors Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao, Xi and his wife Peng Liyuan have shown remarkable flexibility and were at ease during the Sabarmati River side events. It is said that both Jiang and Hu were very stiff during their interactions not only with domestic actors but with foreign leaders as well. Hu is also known never to have publicly interacted with children. In contrast was a recent photo of Xi meeting his mother on her birthday. During the Sabarmati trip, Xi displayed flexibility by squatting at the Mahatma's floor, trying his hand at charkha, sitting along with Peng on a jhoola, etc.
Secondly, China and India interactions indicated the tough bargaining at Hyderabad House and both Modi and Xi expressed strong opinions on economic, territorial dispute and other issues. While China was the first to reach out to Modi after his elections — reflected in Premier Li Keqiang's phone call in May, foreign minister Wang Yi's visit in June and the BRICS interaction on July 14 — China's diplomatic initiatives faced a challenge as Maritime Silk Road was not endorsed; Bangladesh-India-China Myanmar Economic corridor was conditionally accepted provided it ensures "peaceful, stable and cooperative environment". India also did not receive $100-300 billion from China in investments.
Thirdly, China finally opened up its money bags to India, although just a trickle at $20 billion in investments in the next five years. While for the last four years Indian leaders have been complaining about the burgeoning trade deficits (with which India lost $169 billion in trade deficits to China between 2007 and 2013) and non-opening of China's economy to Indian products, etc, the agreements suggest to some breakthrough, although we need to monitor the progress.
  Fourthly, Indian leaders stood their ground on the territorial dispute, visas, river waters and the like. Modi stated in his media interaction to the conditional normalisation of relations with China thus: "a climate of mutual trust and confidence; respect for each other's sensitivities and concerns; and, peace and stability in our relations and along our borders are essential for us to realise the enormous potential in our relations". In the light of the increasing border transgressions at Chumar and other areas, this signalling from India is significant.
Most significant of all the above, however, is the emerging personal chemistry between the two leaders of two rising Asian countries. The Ahmadabad outing and discussion at Delhi between Modi and Xi are useful and are of long-term significance and will have a definite bearing on the stability in relations in years to come. As two credible nuclear powers, these personal interactions are necessary. This is important for the long-term economic development of both the countries.
The personal rapport and chemistry that developed in this Modi-guided tour at Ahmadabad should be reflected in certain intangibles in the bilateral relations for at least the next five to ten years of Modi-Xi tenures.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shah Rukh  Deepika  Abhishek in Houston for  Happy New Year s SLAM! THE TOURentertainment
Shah Rukh, Deepika, Abhishek in Houston for ‘Happy New Year’s SLAM! THE TOUR
The cast of Farah Khan's upcoming 'Happy New Year' including Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Sonu Sood, Boman Irani and Vivaan Shah are high-flying for SLAM! THE TOUR that kick-starts on  September 19 with Houston, Texas being the first stop. Prior to the concert, the cast attended a press conference after their arrival in Houston.
Shah Rukh Khan gives the cameras a wave as he arrives looking cool in a leather jacket and round-frame shades.
Abhishek, who plays the role of Nandu in the film, makes a smiling entrance.
Deepika Padukone, who made her Bollywood debut opposite Shah Rukh Khan in ‘Om Shanti Om’, will romance the superstar once again after ‘Chennai Express’.
The highlight of ‘Happy New Year’ – Deepika Padukone and Shah Rukh Khan smile excitedly.
Deepika looks lovely as she flashes a dark berry-lipped smile as the media.
He may be the most senior cast-member of ‘Happy New Year’, but you’ve got to admit Boman Irani has style!
Shah Rukh Khan as usual charms the press, much to the amusement of his co-stars, Deepika Padukone and Abhishek Bachchan.
Director Farah Khan takes charge as she sits with Sonu Sood and Deepika Padukone. “On way to airport for the SLAM TOUR...Leaving 1 family behind to b with another..,” tweeted Farah before taking off.
‘Happy New Year’ is a heist-cum-dance film that tells the tale of six losers who are on a mission to change their lives for the better. Seen here, Sonu Sood, Farah Khan, Deepika Padukone, Shah Rukh Khan, Abhishek Bachchan and Boman Irani at the press meet.
Abhishek seems super excited about the tour, as he just can’t stop smiling.
Uh Oh! Boman Irani is clearly not amused by Vivaan Shah’s wisecrack.
Boman Irani is all smiles as he interacts with the press.
Related

UK will remain united; Scotland rejects independenceScots voting against independence, early results show
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 09.40AM IST
With 16 of 32 regions declared so far, the nationalists have only won two while the "No" camp has 56 per cent of the vote.
ET SPECIAL:
EDINBURGH: Scotland has voted against breaking from the United Kingdom in half its constituencies home to nearly one third of the electorate, early results from a divisive independence referendum showed.
Scotland's final verdict on the union should be clear around breakfast time on Friday.
With 16 of 32 regions declared so far, the nationalists have only won two. According to Reuters calculations, the "No" camp has 56 percent of the vote although the biggest areas have yet to declare.
Sterling rose sharply in Asian trade while bookmakers' odds showed victory for unionists was much more likely and unionists campaigners clapped and cheered as results were announced.
"It seems to me that we are going to have a 'No' majority in this referendum, though obviously there is a long way to go," Danny Alexander, the Scottish-born Chief Secretary to the Treasury, told Reuters.
"That's great news for Scotland and for the United Kingdom, but also just a start to the serious task to make sure that Scotland gets the additional power that it needs," said Alexander, a Liberal Democrat with a Scottish constituency.
Though the results boosted the spirits of the unionist campaign, hours remained before the results from Scotland's biggest cities - where the fate of the United Kingdom is likely to be sealed - were due to be reported.
The campaign for independence has galvanised this country of 5.3 million but also divided friends and families from the remote Scottish islands of the Atlantic to the tough city estates of Glasgow.
Breaking apart the United Kingdom has worried allies, investors and the entire British elite whose leaders rushed late in the campaign to check what opinion polls showed was a surge in support for independence.
Seeking to tap into a cocktail of historical rivalry, opposing political tastes and a perception that London has mismanaged Scotland, nationalists say Scots, not London, should rule Scotland to build a wealthier and fairer country.
Unionists say independence would usher in financial, economic and political uncertainty and diminish the UK's standing in the world. They have warned that Scotland would not keep the pound as part of a formal currency union.
Beyond the money and power, the referendum has provoked deep passions in Scotland, drawn in many voters who ignore traditional political campaigns and underscored what London politicians admit is a need for wider constitutional change.
Scotland's Fate
Voters lined up at polling stations across Scotland to vote with 4.28 million voters, or 97 percent of the electorate, registered to vote. Turnout hit a record high.
They were asked to answer "Yes" or "No" to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?".
A YouGov poll of 1,828 voters the organisation had previously polled indicated 54 percent of Scots would back the union while 46 percent would seek independence.
YouGov said it had picked up a "small but significant late swing" towards supporters of the 307-year union between Scotland and England on polling day, though it cautioned the survey was merely a snapshot.
"It looks like the union will remain intact for the time being," YouGov research manager Laurence Janta-Lipinski told Reuters of the survey carried out on Thursday which was not an exit poll.
Electoral officials said the result will be announced around sunrise on Friday when all regional votes have been submitted but first results indicated that nationalists had not done as well as expected.
"The evidence that the No side are going to win is beginning to stack up," said John Curtice, a professor at Strathclyde University and a leading authority on polling.
With more than 486,000 voters, Scotland's largest city of Glasgow is crucial and is due to report around 0400 GMT. The capital Edinburgh is also expected around that time.
Other key regions to watch are North and South Lanarkshire and Aberdeenshire where Alex Salmond, the 59-year-old nationalist leader, cast his vote on Thursday.
"From what you can see, 'No' seem to have a lead at this stage. Whether it is insurmountable, I don't know. But there's a lot of people feeling slightly deflated," independence supporter Stan Blackley of the Scottish Green Party told Reuters.
Page 1 of 2

Bhelpuri boost for HUL s Pepsodent campaignYou are here: Home > Collections > Hul
HUL gets Mumbai vendors to wrap bhelpuri in leaflets featuring Pepsodent ad
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 07.10AM IST
Tags:
bhelpuri
(HUL has tied up with around…)
MUMBAI: When Vishal Thakkar bought four packets of bhelpuri from a roadside vendor in Mumbai late last month, they all came wrapped in similar green colour papers with children's drawings and messages about brushing teeth and fighting germs, bringing a smile to his face. Only when he found the same eye-catching design on the paper cone in his next 'chaat outing' did Thakkar realise it wasn't a coincidence.
It was part of a marketing campaign by Hindustan Unilever for its oral care brand Pepsodent. India's largest consumer products firm has tied up with around 48 bhelpuri walas across Mumbai, asking them to wrap their popular roadside snack in leaflets of Pepsodent's campaign about fighting germs and brushing twice a day.
"The idea was, 'how can we spread the oral care message to adults in a manner that is relevant for them?' Bhel is a popular evening snack and that is the time to tell adults to brush twice a day," said Atul Sinha, category head for oral care at HUL. Marketing experts say such initiatives create a bigger impact than promoting brands through paid media channels.
"At a very low cost, you get high recall and people talk about it. So the engagement quotient is high too," said Alpana Parida, president at brand strategy firm DY Works. She considers HUL's initiative as part of 'earned media', which means creating a buzz by virtue of your own action.This is not the first time HUL has come up with such an innovative idea to take its message directly to consumers.
A year ago, at the Kumbh Mela, it stamped 'Did you wash your hands with Lifebuoy?' message in Hindi onto millions of rotis in a campaign that was awarded the Grand Effie as well as Bronze Lion at Cannes earlier this year.
Last year, Coca-Cola came out with its 'Small World Machines' campaign that allowed consumers in a mall in New Delhi to interact with those in a mall in Lahore through high-tech Coca-Cola vending machines with 3D touchscreen, and it followed it up with a commercial with visuals of some of these interactions.
HUL started its Pepsodent campaign about brushing twice a day early last year. It teamed up with over 1.5 lakh kids across schools who expressed their creativity through paintings to promote the message. The leaflet distributed through bhelpuri walas carries one of these paintings.
Now, HUL plans to launch an advertisement based on the whole campaign, from tying up with schoolchildren to using the leaflets for wrapping bhelpuri. The company plans to launch this commercial digitally before airing it on television, hoping that it will go viral.
Hindustan Unilever has been trying to improve its share in the Rs 6,000-crore oral care market , which is dominated by Colgate with market share of 54.3%. HUL is a distant second with roughly 24% share. The sector is seeing increased competition and aggressive advertising spends, especially after the entry of Procter & Gamble.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HUL unveils new strategy to Win in Many Indiasconsumer clusters
(Rural markets contribute…)
MUMBAI: Market leader Hindustan Unilever (HUL) is setting up 14 new consumer clusters as part of an aggressive initiative to drive growth across smaller but fast-growing markets cross India. Rural markets contribute to 55% of the total FMCG consumption in India.
"It is imperative to win in all parts of our business and across all channels and geographies, in order to win decisively," HUL CEO Sanjiv Mehta told ET in an exclusive interview. "For this, we need a much more granular understanding of consumers, customers and competitors in all our markets (geographies) and (build) an execution machinery to leverage this understanding," he added.
Mehta, who completes one year as HUL CEO next month, is spearheading this initiative. The structure for 'Winning in Many Indias' or WIMI as the plan is code-named within the company, will transform the HUL organisation from a four-branch structure at the front-end to 14 distinct consumer clusters that will roll up into five sales branches based out of seven physical locations.
The new fifth branch for the central region has been carved out from the Hindi heartland of central Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Bihar and Chhattisgarh, comprising over 500 million people. This largely media-dark region has lower per capita income but is growing faster than other major markets, said Mehta.
The previous organisational structure was geared to tap growth primarily in the four metros and did not effectively reach out to smaller markets. "We are calling it the zooming in and zooming out strategy where we are leveraging the national scale of HUL to win in smaller markets with a micro marketing strategy" Mehta said.
The new clusters will kick-off from September 21 with 14 new leadership positions to empower talent within the system. HUL has reshuffled its work force by taking out people from within the system into the new clusters and making new additions wherever necessary.
A young manager will lead each cluster and the executive's mandate will be to understand the local demand and competition and drive growth in non-metro geographies. The first step for WIMI was a pilot that was done in South Branch by creating separate consumer clusters TAP (Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh) and KK (Karnataka and Kerala) clusters.
"The WIMI operating framework is not a new sales structure. It is a new planning and execution framework for HUL as an organisation with which all its functions (sales, marketing, supply chain, finance, etc) will operate," Mehta said. "We want HUL to be future-ready' to tap that consumption."
"HUL should have done this a couple of years ago," an FMCG analyst in a foreign brokerage firm said on the condition of anonymity. "This structure will enable it to push growth of its brands in the very small markets where it did not have significant presence," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ITC set to make foray in home workship marketYou are here: Home > Collections
ITC set to make foray in home workship market
Writankar Mukherjee, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
festive season
(It has brought out packaged…)
KOLKATA: The ingredients are all there in this sacred space: a big consumer market that no large company has managed to dominate, the ongoing festive season , daily rituals to please the gods, and social media savvy youngsters as potential customers.
ITC, the FMCG, tobacco, packaging, paper and hotels conglomerate, is set to plunge into the Rs 6,000-7,000 crore home worship or pooja market with incense products — an extension of its agarbatti business. In a soft launch, it has brought out packaged sambrani or dhuno, dhoops and combo packs of agarbatti stands, diyas and candles, along with its line of Mangaldeep agarbattis.
As it did during Ganesh Chaturthi in Maharashtra, ITC will also launch limited edition packs of Mangaldeep agarbattis with pictures of gods and goddesses, which it says are sacred enough to find a place in pooja rooms in millions of homes across the country. It is also evaluating other associated product categories such as kumkum and haldi.
"Since ITC has already been operating in the agarbatti space for the last 10 years with a ready supply chain, including supplies to temples, specialty pooja stores and grocery stores, the extension of the agarbatti brand Mangaldeep into other pooja products is a big potential area," said VM Rajasekharan, ITC chief executive (agarbatti business).
The use of aromatic substances is an ancient tradition in India. Fragrances play a key role in Hindu religious rituals, where offerings include flowers, sweets and diyas (lamps).
These substances have evolved over the years into their present-day avatars such as agarbatti or incense sticks and dhoops.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xi s India visit: First lady Peng Liyuan charms school childrenChina President Xi's India Visit
(Liyuan, who has been a very…)
NEW DELHI: Amid tight security and big expectations on diplomatic talks, Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan charmed her way into the hearts of children at Tagore International School in the city, with her grace and elegance. Arriving at the school at 10 am, she was enthralled with various acts by the school childrens.
A group of children presented a Tai Chi (Chinese martial art) performance that was followed by a Kathak recital. The showstopper was the Chinese song, "Longing for home" penned by an 8th century Chinese poet, Li Bai that explains a boatride in moonlight. Liyuan, who has been a very popular singer in China before her marriage to Xi Jinping , hummed along with the children.
Three girls, dressed in traditional attire recited Rabindranath Tagore's poem, Where the Mind is Without Fear, in three different dance forms- Kathak, Bharatnathyam and Kuchipudi, clearly impressing the first lady who later said all performances were wonderful.
The school for the past many years has been conducting virtual smart classes with a 104-year-old Jinyuan Senior High School in Shanghai, through which students of Tagore International School teach Chinese children Kathak and yoga, while the Chinese teachers coach students of the school in Tai Chi and calligraphy. On Thursday, students from the Shangai school also took part in the event, presenting yoga and Tai Chi performances though video conferencing.
And then, it was Liyuan's turn to impress the children and she did not disappoint them. When she was offered a Chinese brush and a canvass, she quickly sprang to action, gracefully stroking it to write Chinese characters that meant, 'review' 'past' 'understand' and 'new.' She explained to the children that "one needs to review the past before "one decides to take on the future," a famous quote of Chinese philosopher Confuscius.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Satya Nadella to head jury for ET Awards for Corporate ExcellenceMicrosoft chief Satya Nadella to head jury for ET Awards for Corporate Excellence
ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
ET Awards for Corporate Excellence
(Nadella, who became only…)
Satya Nadella, the CEO of Microsoft Corporation, will head an 11-member jury to choose the winners of the 2014 edition of the ET Awards. Nadella, who became only the third leader of the software company in February, will head a panel whose members include some of India's top industrialists, bankers and lawyers.
They include the elder statesman of Indian business KV Kamath, who's chairman of ICICI Bank and lead independent director of Infosys. His fellow panelist Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman of the Aditya Birla Group, has been a member of several past juries, as has Kamath.
Also on the panel, which will meet on Monday, September 29, are State Bank of India Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya, the first woman to helm India's largest bank, and Dilip Shanghvi, MD of Sun Pharma, India's most valuable pharma firm. Harish Salve, widely regarded as India's top lawyer and the one man business leaders call when facing legal travails, will bring a valuable outsider's perspective to the deliberations. Keeping him company is Zia Mody, one of India's top corporate legal eagles and the founder of law firm AZB. Recognising the growing heft and profile of new economy firms, the 2014 jury has two representatives from this segment.
Sachin Bansal, the co-founder of Flipkart, India's largest online retailer, will be on the jury.
As will Uday Shankar, who heads one of India's largest media groups as the CEO of Star TV. Also on the jury is the head of one of India's fastest-growing firms in the modern retail space, Raj Jain, the CEO of Bharti Retail, and Ravi Dhariwal, the CEO of Bennett, Coleman & Co Ltd, the owner of the Times of India and the Economic Times. This star-studded jury will weigh the relative merits of the various nominees in each category and decide who wins India's most prestigious business awards.
Standard Chartered Bank is the presenting sponsor for ET Awards for Corporate Excellence .
FEATURED ARTICLES

$100 bn investment in renewable energy: GoyalAsian Development Bank
(Modi govt is keen on making…)
India will get $100-billion investment in renewable energy in the next five years and become a world leader in the sector. With billions of dollars worth of capital, and enforcement of the mandate for utilities to buy clean energy, called renewable purchase obligation (RPO), the Modi government is keen on making electricity from clean sources like sun, wind, water and biomass a substantial part of the country's energy mix in five years, power, coal and renewable energy minister Piyush Goyal said. In an interview with ET's Anindya Upadhyay, Goyal also said 1 lakh megawatts of solar energy can be added in the next five years. Edited excerpts:
How do you plan to make unconventional energy a more integral part of the country's overall energy mix?
We're looking at strengthening Renewable Purchase Obligations (RPOs). I'm in dialogue with different states to bring about parity and also to enforce them (RPOs) more strictly. We're also looking if we can get to put RPOs on generators of power. Then there's a move that coal and thermal companies may also look at getting into solar or wind or other renewable energy as their commitment to keep the environment clean. NTPC has already decided to do 3,000 MW and the first tenders will be floated next month.
Are there any countries from whose successes and mistakes India seeks to learn to develop its own renewable energy sector?
We can learn from all around the world. Germany, particularly, has been successful with rooftop, solar generation. Other countries like Norway and Sweden have done work on it. Some of them have done offshore wind projects. So we're looking at learning from the best from all across the world. My approach is to get the best out of each one. But there is some learning also. For example, we're doing net metering now and allowing rooftop solar to be given back to the grid whenever they don't require it for home consumption. But there are challenges in that. The power is coming in on those hours when the demand is less. A high cost for that power becomes a challenge for its distribution. So these are things which will evolve with experience or learning.
Is there a pressure of catching up with countries that are far ahead in renewable energy?
What catch up? We're far ahead of other countries. Our perspective is to encourage our industry and do even better. China subsidised the whole business in a very massive way. India can't afford to do that. America has not been a great success story. America and India are today at the same level of coal-based thermal generation. Both do over 60% thermal generation. With Narendra Modi's vision in this sector, we'll become world leaders in the next four years.
What is that vision?
He has said it from the Red Fort. Zero defect, zero effect. If you understand his style, he doesn't micromanage. Learn from experience and improvise. That's the message.
How do you plan to lower interest rates for the sector?
We're bringing in good governance in the country and expanding economic activity. The Budget was the first step in this direction. We're all working in our respective areas to make the Budget announcements happen. I'm sure that the persons who are concerned with the interest rate structure will correspondingly come forward to offer better interest rates.
How will the renewable industry access credit when the sectoral limit for borrowing by power sector has been reached?
  We're looking at international borrowings, money from international agencies like EXIM and World Bank and Asian Development Bank. We're looking at all options from where we can get it. And we're also looking at pension funds, lot of international agencies which are specially focussed on renewable energy.
What's the kind of money being looked at?
I'm looking for an investment of $100 billion in next five years and which is very doable. Somehow that looks farfetched. You aren't seeing how Modi did a double-digit growth in Gujarat. It looked far-fetched. How he got agriculture to grow at such a phenomenal rate. It looked farfetched. It's about leadership and I think his leadership has a track record, which is proven. You saw Japan offering such large investments. You now have China. The PM will then go to the US. After that the PM will have engagement with Russia. The whole world is looking to India. All I'm saying is that all these countries are committing huge investments in India and renewable energy will get its fair share.
Where do you see the renewable capacity going?
India can afford to do a 100,000 MW of solar. That'll be a powerful message to the world. Wind can be done 8,000-10,000 MW per year. I'm trying to get hydel back on track. This is being done by resolving issues through dialogue. I'm getting a very good response wherever I'm talking.
By when would you be disbursing capital subsidies?
We've disbursed some Rs 400 crore already. We are hoping to disburse another Rs 600 crore by the end of the year. It'll be a continuous process. I hope to bring it to current by March 2016.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Group shares surge on ratings upgrade by Moody sTata Group shares surge on ratings upgrade by Moody's
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 15:25 IST
Tata Power was trading 0.57 per cent higher (Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Tata Group companies surged on the stock exchanges after Moody's upgraded its ratings across member companies.
Moody's cited "expectation of parental and systemic support in the case of need," as the reasons for the upgrade.
Tata Power was trading 0.57 per cent higher, while Tata Steel gained 0.5 per cent. Similarly, Tata Chemicals rose 0.6 per cent in afternoon trade.
(Reuters)

Chinese President Xi Jinping flies outChinese President Xi Jinping flies out
IANS Sep 19, 2014, 01.54PM IST
Tags:
Congress
(Chinese President Xi Jinping, accompanied…)
NEW DELHI: Chinese President Xi Jinping on Friday left Delhi after wrapping up a three-day visit to India.
Xi, accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan , had started his visit Wednesday from Ahmedabad in Gujarat where he was received by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
He had flown to the national capital the same evening.
Before leaving, Xi was called on by Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan , Congress President Sonia Gandhi and former prime minister Manmohan Singh .
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Narendra Modi serves Xi Jinping tough dose of reality in Delhiboudary dispute
(A stern-sounding Modi asked…)
NEW DELHI: After a day of smiles and sightseeing in Ahmedabad that promised a new approach to India-China relations, realpolitik prevailed on Thursday as Prime Minister Narendra Modi put the boundary dispute and transgressions by Chinese troops at the centre stage of the New Delhi-Beijing bilateral. Foreign experts and officials in the ministry of external affairs told ET this was the first time in decades that an Indian PM had taken up the border issue so forcefully at a bilateral that was expected to be more about business and cooperation.
A stern-sounding Modi asked Beijing to respect New Delhi's sensitivities to realise the full potential of the relationship while Chinese President Xi Jinping sought to underplay the frequent border transgressions describing them as "certain incidents" that could be managed by both sides.
Addressing the media jointly after a 90-minute talk, both the leaders listed out a slew of measures ranging from a new emphasis on Bangladesh-Myanmar-India-China (BMIC) corridor to opening a new route through Nathu La pass to the pilgrimage centre of Kailash-Mansarovar in Tibet.
But the crowd at Hyderabad House seemed hardly excited when Modi announced a $20-billion Chinese investment as against the mammoth figure of $100 billion that was being touted earlier.
Adding to India's discomfort, Xi spoke about China's deeper interests in South Asia and Saarc. India and China share a complex relationship not only over the boundary dispute but also over their growing regional ambitions and encirclement strategies in each other's neighbourhood.
Xi's visit was overshadowed by a fresh round of incursions from the Chinese side in Ladakh, but the six-hour bonhomie at display in Ahmedabad had raised hopes that Modi and Xi had developed a sort of personal chemistry.
"While it was expected that Modi would raise transgression issues, it was unusual to see him putting so much emphasis on the boundary question," said China expert Alka Acharya.
Xi, who was responding to Modi, said there was a need to clarify the Line of Actual Control (LAC) for peace and stability between the two sides, and added that China and India were capable enough to deal with the fallout from security incidents on the border.
"China has the determination to work with India through friendly consultations to settle the boundary question at an early date," the Chinese president said, without getting into any verbal duel.
Beijing's strategy of issuing stapled visas to the Arunachal Pradesh residents and thereby undermining One India Policy was also protested by Modi. "...we discussed India's concerns relating to China's visa policy and trans-border rivers."Earlier, following the ceremonial welcome at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhawan, Xi expressed hope that both countries can take their strategic partnership to a new level and align mutual development strategies.
Former high commissioner to Pakistan G Parthasarathy appeared sceptical of the Chinese optimism. "While on the one hand President Xi made these remarks, on the other, PLA (People's Liberation Army) will intrude into Indian territory.
This never helps to build trust," he said. China's proposal for sub-regional Bangladesh-India-China-Myanmar corridor too has not created great enthusiasm among the mandarins in South Block. Delhi remains sensitive to this initiative as it involves Northeast India, where Beijing has had an interest for decades.
Xi's visit is being closely followed in both Tokyo and Washington — both of whom are keen to develop stronger ties with India to counter China's rise. Interestingly, this visit comes less than a week before Modi's maiden trip to the US, where Beijing's aggressive role in East Asia will be among the talking points.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian-American pleads guilty to defrauding insurancefirmsPrint
Press Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 20, 2014 9:56 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 9:57 am
An Indian-American physician in New York has pleaded guilty to defrauding insurance companies and other city officials by fraudulently billing for medical tests that were never performed and has been ordered to pay more than USD 65,000 in restitution.
Rajpaul Singh, 59, of Queens operated a medical clinic and pleaded guilty to first-degree falsifying business records before Acting Queens Supreme Court Justice Pauline Mullings, District Attorney Richard Brown said.
Justice Mullings sentenced him to a three-year conditional discharge and a restitution of over USD 65,800.
“In carrying out his scheme, the defendant falsified medical tests by recycling old patient test results which he then used to cheat insurance companies out of tens of thousands of dollars. This case makes clear that law enforcement’s fight against insurance fraud is ongoing and that those who cheat will be held accountable,” Brown said in a statement.
According to the charges, various individuals who had been injured in motor vehicle accidents went to Singh’s clinic for treatment.
During the course of their treatment, he billed various insurance companies and the New York State Worker’s Compensation Board between March 2009 and 2011 for certain neurological testing and therapies performed on the accident victims that were never rendered.
The test results were falsified by substituting old patient test results.

Maharashtra polls: Deadlock continues over seat sharing with Sena  BJP CEC to meet to decide candidates23
0
Mumbai: Even as the Shiv sena and Bharatiya Janata Party continue to play hardball over seat sharing ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly elections, signs are emerging of a possible end to the deadlock to save the 25-year-old alliance.
The BJP Central Election Committee is likely to meet on Saturday to decide the party candidates for the upcoming Maharashtra polls. There has been no breakthrough yet as the two sides have been only exchanging new proposals for seat allocation.
Breaking from tradition, Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray's son Aditya Thackeray on Friday had called a meeting with the BJP leadership in a South Mumbai residential complex. The meeting, which was being pegged as an attempt to thaw the deadlock, did not end the stalemate.
#maharashtra poll #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #bjp #shiv sena
"I have made my position clear. Have communicated the same to BJP. They need to decide," Uddhav Thackeray said. "We are showing no ego. We are coming for talks. We want to take the alliance ahead in the greater interest of Maharashtra," Aditya added.
Both parties continue to hold on to their stands on seat sharing for the October 15 Assembly polls. The BJP has now sent a new proposal to its oldest standing ally. The BJP insisted that Sena must come up with the final figure of seats that they were willing to give. Sena only wanted a discussion on the winnability of seats rather than just a figure.
Maharashtra BJP President Devendra Fadnavis said, "Nothing has gone wrong. We have given a new proposal and the ball is in their court. But one thing is clear that both the parties want the alliance."
The bargaining between both the parties is likely to continue over the next few days as all is not well with the saffron alliance. Both the parties are expected to meet once again and resolve the matter. It remains to be seen who is going to blink first.
2

Chhattisgarh bypoll: BJP wins Antagarh Assembly seat14
0
Raipur: BJP candidate Bhojraj Nag has bagged the Antagarh Assembly bypoll by defeating Ambedkarite Party of India's Rupadhar Pudo by a margin of  51,383 votes.
The counting of votes was held at the Bhanupratap Dev PG College in Kanker for the bypoll that was held on September 13.
The Naxal-hit constituency in Kanker district saw a direct fight between Naag and Pudo. The Congress candidate Manturam Pawar had withdrawn from the contest at the last minute, leaving the main Opposition party red faced.
The counting of votes was held at the Bhanupratap Dev PG College in Kanker for the bypoll that was held on September 13.
#chhattisgarh assmebly bypoll #antagarh #congress #bjp
Fourteen candidates had filed their nominations but after scrutiny and withdrawal only two-Nag and Pudo- were left in the fray. Congress, struggling after facing a humiliating defeat in both Assembly and Lok Sabha elections in April-May, had fielded Manturam Pawar from Antagarh.
After Pawar pulled out of the race, he was expelled from Congress.
(With PTI inputs)

Lucknow: Cracker factory blast kills six  injures 14 othersmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Alibaba passes Facebook in market value on first trading dayAlibaba passes Facebook in market value on first trading day
Gold futures end lower as dollar strengthenGold futures end lower as dollar strengthen
Assam CM Tarun Gogoi unveils angel fund to help first generation entrepreneurs  youthsAssam CM Tarun Gogoi unveils angel fund to help first generation entrepreneurs  youths
Ajit Singh s Lutyens  love: Not new for politiciansAjit Singh s Lutyens  love: Not new for politicians
Remembering a lover of music in KozhikodeUpdated: September 20, 2014 11:51 IST
Remembering a lover of music in Kozhikode
P. K. Ajith Kumar
Tweet
The Hindu Actors Manju Warrier and Rima Kallingal, and film director Ashiq Abu with Lakshmi, Mullassery Raju’s wife, at a remembrance meeting of the music lover in Kozhikode on Friday. Photo: K. Ragesh
Actor Manju Warrier was the biggest attraction. She began her speech by remembering U. Srinivas, the mandolin genius who passed away earlier in the day.
Music was in the air and there was magic too as Mullassery Raju, a lover of music who had a remarkable circle of artists as friends, was remembered on his 12 death anniversary at Tagore Centenary Hall in the city on Friday. (Film director Ranjith’s ‘Devasuram,’ with Mohanlal in the lead, is based on Raju’s life.)
Actor Manju Warrier was the biggest attraction. She began her speech by remembering U. Srinivas, the mandolin genius who passed away earlier in the day.
Another State-award winning actor Rima Kallingal, directors Jayaraj and Ashiq Abu, scriptwriter T.A. Razaq, writer and former MP M.P. Veerendrakumar, oncologist V.P. Gangadharan, producer P.V. Gangadharan, Mathrubhumi managing editor P.V. Chandran, and Kozhikode Collector C.A. Latha also spoke on the occasion.
They were all there because of Lakshmi, Raju’s wife.
Magic show
Melodies from Malayalam films were rendered by a large number of singers that included Satheesh Babu, Nishad, Sindhu Premkumar, Sibella Sadanandan and Sunil Kumar. A magic show by Pradeep Houdini enthralled the full house.

Alibaba Shares Close Up 38 Percent on Opening DayAlibaba Shares Close Up 38 Percent on Opening Day
Chinese incursion in Ladakh might impact bilateral tiesChinese incursion in Ladakh might impact bilateral ties
Shiv Sena  BJP seat-sharing row: Deadlock continuesShiv Sena  BJP seat-sharing row: Deadlock continues
Lee Ha-sung wins South Korea s first 2014 Asian goldLee Ha-sung wins South Korea s first 2014 Asian gold
Bill Gates to BJP: Take unpopular steps for growthBill Gates
(Bill Gates also pushed for…)
NEW DELHI: Billionaire Bill Gates on Thursday called on the BJP government to take unpopular steps to accelerate growth , while pushing for an increase in the country's healthcare spend.
"For the overall economy to grow, India needs to do unpopular things — do things that are good for the country. What good is a mandate if you can't do unpopular things," said the founder of Microsoft and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, who is in India this week.
On healthcare spending, Gates said, "A few things are still unclear...when push comes to shove, health budgets will need to go up. It will be interesting to see if that goes up."
His wife and co-founder of the eponymous Foundation, Melinda Gates, said, "We are enthused with the Modi government. They will roll out four new key vaccines across India and that is huge. Nearly 1.4 million children die every year and this rollout will help a lot to bring down disease and improve health."
In an indirect reference to the government's Jan Dhan Yojana scheme, which aims at financial inclusion, Bill Gates said, "It's good that more people have bank accounts, but quality of those accounts also needs to improve."
The Foundation was created in 2001 and started work in India in 2003. It is the world's largest foundation with an endowment of around $40 billion. Since it started work in India, the foundation has spent $1 billion on projects including HIV/AIDS prevention, polio eradication, tuberculosis, educating couples on family planning and sanitation. The power couple was in conversation with author Chetan Bhagat.
When asked about the Indian government targeting NGOs, Gates said, "It does not hurt us, but the FCRA (Foreign Contribution Regulation Act) approval process is long."
On being asked what made Gates opt for philanthropy and not start another company after Microsoft, Gates said: "In terms of a new path, Microsoft had a huge impact. Philanthropy also has a huge impact, but in a different dimension. We saw that a lot of the diseases were neglected by governments. And lot of the rich world didn't have those diseases. Here we saw very unique opportunity to intervene."
Gates said the generation that begins a business doesn't believe in dynasty, but once fortune is passed down in a dynastic manner, it's hard to stop." That's like thinking the best way to get Olympic teams is to get grandchildren of winners sixty years ago to play — it doesn't work that way. Fortunately, the trend now is in favour of philanthropy," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Very bullish on India; Modi govt has renewed optimism: Mark MobiusVery bullish on India; Narendra Modi government has renewed optimism: Mark Mobius
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 10.48AM IST
("India remains the second-largest…)
NEW DELHI: With the Narendra Modi-led NDA government ensuring renewed optimism, Mark Mobius of Franklin Templeton Investments told ET Now that he is 'very bullish on India.'
Mobius expects to increase allocation to Indian stocks going ahead. "India remains the second-largest holdings in our Asia funds. I will be patient about investments in India," Mobius said.
While Mobius continues to look for bargain stocks in India, he sees a 'lot of opportunities' in small cap stocks. Mobius is bullish on oil & gas stocks as well. "I own a lot of tech stocks in portfolio currently, like TCS," Mobius said. Mobius also remains bullish on banks in India. "Banks will benefit from economic recovery," he feels.
Read full interview: Expect to increase allocation to Indian stocks
According to Mobius, "Growth rates in Emerging Markets are very high, justify valuations."
Mobius is of the opinion global liquidity is driving stock markets up. "Many countries are printing money to avoid currency appreciation," he said.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 25 per cent so far in the year 2014, helped by a strong support by foreign institutional investors which have already made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market.
Emerging markets are considered vulnerable to monetary policy tightening in the US because a stronger dollar is likely to deter FIIs from making fresh investments.
Record-low interest rates will be around for at least a few more months, the Federal Reserve made clear on Wednesday.
By mid-2015, economists expect the Fed to abandon a nearly 6-year-old policy of keeping short-term rates at record lows. Those rates have helped support the economy, cheered the stock market and shrunk mortgage rates. A Fed rate increase could potentially reverse those trends.
(With inputs from AP)

Short covering on Feds rate decision buoys D-Street; FIIs and DIIs stay awayYou are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Short covering on Fed’s rate decision buoys Dalal Street; FIIs and DIIs stay away
ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Dalal Street
(The Fed Reserve’s statement…)
MUMBAI: Dalal Street cheered the prospect of continued easy money flows from US fund managers after the Federal Reserve said it would keep interest rates at near-zero levels for "some considerable time".
The Fed Reserve's statement came as a relief to investors and traders, who covered their aggressive short positions built ahead of the event, driving the Sensex above 27,000 on Thursday, once again.
Shares of automobile and engineering companies led upsides while the disappointing commentary about the US economy triggered profit-booking in technology shares. But gains were led by short-covering in the derivatives segment rather than fresh purchases.
The deep-pocketed foreign institutional investors (FIIs) hardly reacted to the Federal Reserve statement, selling shares worth nearly Rs 10 crore. Their domestic counterparts bought stocks worth a measly Rs 85 crore.
"We expect the first Fed hike in June 2015 and the Fed funds rate to move to near 1% by end-2015," said Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, MD & head of research, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.The rupee too closed higher on Thursday, reversing losses earlier in the day, even as the uncertainty surrounding the impact of the Scottish referendum loomed over the global currency market.
On Thursday, the rupee ended at 60.83 a dollar, nine paisa or 0.15% stronger than its previous close of 60.92. Currency market participants do not expect the rupee to fall sharply against the dollar even if Scotland eventually decides to separate from England. India was one of the top gainers among Asian markets on Thursday.
The BSE Sensex advanced 480.92 points, or 1.81%, to close at 27,112.21. The NSE Nifty surged 139.25 points, or 1.75%, to close at 8,114.75.Brokers said the rally was more on account of a hope among traders that FII inflows into the country's stocks may continue uninterrupted till mid-2015. The market was expecting indications from the Fed that it would raise rates by early 2015, which had triggered a selloff in the past week or so.
"We were expecting some negative news from the US Fed , but the outcome was positive," said Motilal Oswal, CMD of Motilal Oswal Financial Services. "The recent correction was a muchneeded one and we are now seeing renewal of buying momentum.
We expect FII participation to increase going forward," he said. Investors in emerging markets including India are wary of interest rate increases in the US as it could choke portfolio flows into these markets. Higher rates would lead to the strengthening of the dollar, deterring FIIs from pumping money into these riskier markets.
In the currency markets on Friday, the rupee could react to the outcome of the Scotland referendum.
"Scotland referendum per se should not impact USD-INR except to the limited extent the broader US dollar derives its direction from this outcome," said RK Gurumurthy, head treasurer at Lakshmi Vilas Bank. "Scotland is not a major trading partner for India.""Assuming Scotland leaves the UK, the independent country will have to decide on a multitude of issues ranging from its currency, parity or peg of that currency, interest rate levels," he said.
The rupee could move 25-50 paisa in a kneejerk reaction in response to a large move in the dollar against major currencies, post referendum, some dealers said. "We would expect USD-INR to move in line with broad USD move post the event with a slightly softer bias," said Anindya Dasgupta, head treasurer and managing director at Barclays. "The interest in the India story seems largely intact amidst lower commodity prices and robust portfolio flows in both equity and debt."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Data scientist among the sexiest jobs of the centuryYou are here: Home > Collections > Scientists
Data scientist among the sexiest jobs of the century
Jayadevan PK & Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 09.13AM IST
Tags:
data scientist
(Data scientists are a rare…)
NEW DELHI: The title has been around for less than a decade, but already 'data scientist' is considered to be among the sexiest jobs of the 21st century. In India it is no different.
Data scientists — the term was coined in 2008 by DJ Patil and Jeff Hammerbacher — are a rare species being chased by startups and big technology companies alike for their ability to make sense of large and complex set of information. As a result, their salaries have shot through the roof and poaching is rampant. Take the case of S Anand, the chief data scientist at Hyderabad-based data visualisation and analytics company Gramener, for instance.
He was recently wooed by an ecommerce major with an offer that was hard to refuse. Luckily for his cofounder Naveen Gaddu, he was too passionate about their 50-people startup to leave. "At least one-two of my people get pinged on Linkedin every day on an average. Thankfully, they choose to stay," said Gaddu, the chief operating officer at Gramener.
The sudden prominence for data scientists highlight how startups and established players now need to comb huge volumes of data for information that is key to the success of an idea or business. Salaries for chief data scientists with over 10 years of experience in mathematics and statistics are regularly touching the Rs 1 crore mark.
Mobile commerce player Paytm is hiring a team of eight data scientists in Canada, paying on an average $250,000 (Rs 1.5 crore) each. "The team will look at the large amount of data we have from different angles. For instance fraud detection, upselling and such," said Vijay Shekhar Sharma, founder of One97 Communication which owns Paytm. "If a person paid Rs 60-70 lakh is offered Rs 1.2 crore, then no one in the marketplace will touch him for a while," said Gattu, chief operating officer at Gramener. At least four senior industry professionals said Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon and Walmart were among the companies waving fat pay packets at top data scientists.
For ecommerce companies, data scientists who can help them make better sense of their customers needs have become a top priority. "Data is a large asset that is often not used to its full potential in most organisations. There is a huge amount of technology investments that we can make in this area," said Amod Malviya, the chief technology officer of Flipkart.
The online retailer generates terabytes of data every day and is now building a data science lab that can help them sell better.
"The big technology trend is to make systems intelligent and data is the raw material," said Malviya, who declined to share specific salaries being offered by Flipkart. A chief data scientist, with about 10-15 years of experience using mathematical and statistical tools, earns about Rs 50 lakh on average annually.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mind-bending photos of Iranian mosquesBigg Boss 8
Stunning Iranian mosque images by Mohammad Reza Domiri Ganj
Amateur Iranian photographer Mohammad Reza Domiri Ganji , 23 likes to learn as much as he can about a site before he photographs it. Then he utilizes a variety of wide-angle and fisheye lenses, as well as occasional panoramic techniques to create beautiful new, often mind-bending images. He usually shoots the architectural wonders of Iran, and hopes that the Iranian government will allow him to travel further from home in pursuit of other iconic architectural treasures.
Nasir al-Mulk or Pink mosque , Shiraz, Iran. (Photo by Mohammad Reza Domiri Ganj)
1 / 18
Yahoo News | Photo by Mohammad Reza Domiri Ganj
Thu 14 Aug, 2014 10:30 PM IST

China fines GlaxoSmithKline USD 489 million for briberyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mandolin falls silent: Srinivas remembered by music loversRenowned Carnatic classical musician Uppalapu Shrinivas – popularly known as Mandolin Srinivas after the instrument he made famous in India – died at a private hospital in Chennai on Friday morning following liver complications. He was 45.
U Srinivas Mandolin (KPN)
Regarded as a musical prodigy for his abilities on the mandolin, Srinivas made his first public performance at the age of six and collaborated with many accomplished musicians, including fusion guitarist John McLaughlin, violinist Nigel Kennedy and percussionist Ustad Zakir Hussain.
“Today mother India cries, today a part of Indian music died and we are orphaned. RIP my dear brother Mandolin Srinivas,” Hussain tweeted.
Srinivas was born in Palakollu, a small town in Andhra Pradesh’s West Godavari district, and picked up his father Satyanarayana’s mandolin when he was five. While he took a largely obscure Western folk instrument and turned it into an Indian classical one successfully, Shrinivas’s speciality was his ability to blend swift finger technique that dazzled audiences with sublime riffs that tugged at their heartstrings.
“We were in class X or XI in Chennai throwing paper bombs and chalks at each other, but he (Srinivas) was already a big star doing the rounds of The Music Academy though he was about five years younger. Even in death, he beat us to the mark,” said army officer V Ganapathy.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu were among the first to condole with the artiste’s family. Celebrated music composer AR Rahman and popular playback singer Shreya Ghoshal expressed shock at the young maestro’s death.
“He was a brother and a friend. Since we were part of (the fusion music group) Shakti, we have not only performed together, but also travelled and stayed together,” said famous vocalist and composer Shankar Mahadevan.
Noted flautist Ronu Majumdar recalled his meeting with the virtuosos who was admired equally by fans and peers.
“I think he personified the word ‘genius’. He used to play in the same way since the age of 12. We met at John McLaughlin’s birthday last year and had a great time with Zakir Hussain, Trilok Gurtu and others,” he said.
While firmly rooted in the Carnatic tradition, Srinivas emerged as a global player, joining both jazz and cutting-edge fusion musicians in collaborations that made him travel the world and get international acclaim. “Eddie van Halen, eat your heart out,” George Harrison reportedly said in 2001, having stumbled upon one of Srinivas’s albums.
At the 1983 West Berlin Jazz Festival, he performed alongside Miles Davis and his All Star Band. He received the Padma Shri in 1998 and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 2010.

Hrithik Roshan: Instead of getting into the character I discovered that I was the character in BangBangPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 10:10 am
Hrithik Roshan will be seen in an action hero avatar in his upcoming film “ Bang Bang ” and the Bollywood star says while working on the project he realised for the first time that he didn’t have to toil hard to get into the skin of the character as he could relate to it.
The action thriller has been directed by Siddharth Anand and is the official remake of Hollywood film “Knight and Day”, which starred Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz.
“‘Bang Bang’ is the first film in which instead of getting into the character I discovered that I was the character. It was a self-discovery for me,” Hrithik said.
“Bang Bang” also stars Katrina Kaif and will hit theatres on October 2.
The 40-year-old actor said all the characters he has played till now have had a part of him and he has vent his real-life emotions through them.
“All of them are bits of pieces of me. But there are some roles that come our way and at a time when it becomes a platform to vent or channelise a similar emotion that you are going through in real life. I have had such experiences while doing ‘Kaho Naa Pyaar Hain’, ‘Koi Mil Gaya’, ‘Lakshya’ and ‘Guzaarish’,” he added.
The actor was in the capital to attend the CII Big Picture Summit where he along with his filmmaker father Rakesh Roshan and music director uncle, Rajesh Roshan were felicitated for their contribution to Indian cinema.
When asked why he decided to become an actor, Hrithik, who made his Bollywood debut in 2000 with “Kaho Naa Pyaar Hain” directed by his father, said it was his stuttering problem and fear of facing the camera that made him choose acting as a career.
“I think I wanted to do it as I knew that if I did not do this it will be unfair. This was one thing I feared most as I had the stuttering problem and if I tried to say a dialogue I could not. I had no choice… I had to fight that demon in my head that said that it was not possible and I could not do it,” he said.
“I had a father who was successful. I could have had a comfortable life, easier life but it would have been a very sad life,” said the actor, who has won several awards in his 14-year-long career.

Chhattisgarh bypoll: Counting of votes for AntagarhseatPress Trust of India | Raipur | Posted: September 20, 2014 9:58 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 2:28 pm
In an almost complete walkover, the BJP has won the Antagarh bypolls on Saturday.
BJP’s Bhojraj Nag got 63616 votes, while Ambedkaratie Party of India’s Rupdhar Pudo got 12086 votes. NOTA polled 13506 votes.
The election had become controversial after the Congress candidate Mantu Ram Pawar withdraw his nomination just a day before the last date of withdrawal. Next day, all the ten Independent candidates withdrew their names amid Congress allegations that the BJP had “purchased” them. It made the by-polls a direct contest between BJP and Ambedkaraite Party of India.
While Pawar’s withdrawal exposed rifts in the Congress as he alleged that he was forced to contest by  PCC chief Bhupesh Baghel despite his initial refusal, Pudo alleged that the BJP had offered him money to withdraw his name. Baghel immediately suspended Pawar from the Congress, even as former Chief Minister Ajit Jogi openly accused Baghel and the Chhattisgarh Congress leadership of this fiasco. While the Jogi-faction demanded Baghel’s removal, the Delhi high command stood by him. In its report submitted to the Congress president Sonia Gandhi, Baghel blamed party’s infighting and BJP for Pawar’s withdrawal. The party even asked the election commission to cancel the elections alleging that the BJP had fraudulently managed” all the remaining candidates.
Antagarh assembly seat, which falls under Kanker district of Bastar, was vacated after sitting BJP MLA Vikram Usendi was elected to the Lok Sabha.

How to protect yourself from data breachesHow to protect yourself from data breaches
By AP | 20 Sep, 2014, 10.47AM IST
Data breaches at retailers aren't going away but there are ways consumers can protect themselves from future heists of their payment card information.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Data breaches at retailers aren't going away but there are ways consumers can protect themselves from future heists of their payment card information.
Home Depot said on Thursday that malicious software lurking in its check-out terminals between April and September affected 56 million debit and credit cards that customers swiped at its stores. Target, Michaels and Neiman Marcus have also been attacked by hackers in the past year.
More breaches are likely. The Department of Homeland Security Department warned last month that more than 1,000 retailers could have malware in their cash-register computers.
Here are five ways to protect yourself:
1. CONSIDER ANOTHER WAY TO PAY
Try newer ways to pay, such as PayPal or Apple Pay. "Any technology that avoids you having your credit card in your hand in a store is safer," says Craig Young, security researcher for software maker Tripwire. Those services store your credit card information and it's not given to the retailer when you make a payment.
Many big retailers, including Home Depot, accept PayPal at their stores, but many others don't. Apple Pay, which was only introduced this month, has even more limitations: It is available in just a small number of stores so far and only people with an iPhone 6 can use it.
Stored-value cards or apps, such as the ones used at coffee chains Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts, are also a safer bet, says Gartner security analyst Avivah Litan. That's because they don't expose credit card information at the register.
2. SIGN IT, DON'T PIN IT
If you're planning on paying with a debit card, sign for your purchase instead of typing in your personal identification number at the cash register. You can do this by asking the cashier to process the card as a credit card or select credit card on the display.
Not entering you PIN into a keypad will help reduce the chances of a hacker stealing that number too, Young says. Crooks can do more damage with your PIN, possibly printing a copy of the card and taking money out of an ATM, he says. During Target's breach last year, the discount retailer said hackers gained access to customers' PINs. Home Depot, however, said there was no indication that PINs were compromised in the breach at its stores.
3. BEWARE OF EMAIL SCAMMERS
After big data breaches are exposed, and get a lot of media attention, scammers come out of the woodwork looking to steal personal information. Some emails may mention Home Depot or offer free credit monitoring, but you should never click on the links. Many are for fake sites that try to steal bank information or passwords. "Avoid these entirely," Young says. If an email looks credible, go to Home Depot's site directly instead of clicking on links.
4. KEEP UP WITH STATEMENTS
Scan credit card statements every month for any unauthorized charges. And keep an eye out for smaller charges. Thieves will charge smaller amounts to test to see if you notice and then charge a larger amount later, Litan says. They may also steal a small amount from millions of accounts, scoring a big payday, she says.
And check your credit report for any accounts that crooks may have opened in your name. Credit reports are available for free, from each of the three national credit reporting agencies - Equifax, Experian and TransUnion - every 12 months from AnnualCreditReport.com. Home Depot is also offering free credit monitoring and identity protection services to customers. Customers can go to the company's website for more information or call them at 800-466-3337.
5. GO OLD SCHOOL
Use cash. When possible, the safest bet is to not swipe a card at all. Even if security gets stronger at stores, hackers are likely to figure out a way around it. "It's always a cat and mouse game," Young says.

Alibaba shares up 38% on debut; valued at $232B  more than Amazon & eBay combinedHi Guest
Alibaba shares up 38% on debut; valued at $232B, more than Amazon... Rocket Internet-backed Foodpanda acquires B...
Jack Ma-led Alibaba Group Holding saw its share price shoot up on US listing and almost touched a high of $100 a share in intra-day trades on NYSE on Friday. It ended the first day at $93.89, up 38 per cent on its issue price, with a market cap of ...

LIVE - Asian Games 2014: Jitu Rai gets India off to golden startIndia bag 1 gold, 1 bronze on 1st day of Asian Games
Agencies
Incheon, South Korea, September 20, 2014
First Published: 10:36 IST(20/9/2014)
print
New shooting sensation Jitu Rai provided the first gold medal, while Shweta Chaudhry clinched a bronze as India launched their campaign in the 17th Asian Games with two medals on the opening day of the competitions in Incheon, South Korea on Saturday.
While Jitu struck gold in the 50m pistol event, Shweta's bronze came in the 10m air pistol competition at the Ongnyeon Shooting Range in Incheon but medal aspirants Heena Sidhu and Malaika Goel turned out to be disappointments as they failed to even reach the finals.
It was a reasonably good start for the Indian contingent, bagging a gold on the very first day of the Games, considered to be the second biggest after the Olympics.
Jitu Rai (L) celebrates with a team official after winning the men's 50m pistol individual final of the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea. (AFP Photo)
While the shooters stole the limelight, athletes in other sports also began their campaign on a bitter-sweet note.
Star shuttlers Saina Nehwal and PV Sindhu hammered their respective rivals in straight games as India clinched a 3-0 triumph over Macau China to enter the women's team event quarter-finals.
However, the men's team was outplayed by South Korea 0-3. K Srikanth and Commonwealth Games gold-medallist Parupalli Kashyap went down in contrasting fashions while the doubles team of Sumeeth Reddy and Manu Attri also failed to come good.
The Indian women's tennis team was also off to a winning start as it blanked Oman 3-0 in the first round.
Prarthana Gulabrao Thombare and Ankita Raina notched up contrasting singles victories before the pairing of Natasha Marie Anne Palha and Rishika Sunkara was handed a walkover in the doubles match.
But the star of the early proceedings was undoubtedly armyman Jitu. The 27-year-old showed steely grit to get the better of a strong field, which included two-time Olympic champion Jin Jongoh of South Korea, to snatch the gold off the final shot in a straight duel with Vietnamese rival Nguyen Hoang Phuong.
Read: Jitu Rai does Army Marksmanship Unit proud
The Vietnamese, in fact, was leading the Indian ace, who had recently won the gold at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games and a silver at the Granada World Championships going into this competition. But the Indian clinched the issue on the last shot.
Jitu shot 8.4 after his rival had fumbled with a poor 5.8 to win the gold with an overall tally of 186.2, as compared to Nguyen's 183.4.
This was Jitu's sixth medal on the trot in international competitions this year.
The bronze was clinched by China's Wang Zhiwei (165.6).
Jitu thus became only the second Indian pistol shooter to clinch an Asian Games title after Jaspal Rana and the fourth shooter overall after shotgun experts Randhir Singh in 1978 and Ronjan Sodhi in 2010.
However, the Indian men's team finished fourth with Jitu's teammates Om Prakash (555) and Onkar Singh (551) ending up 10th and 16th respectively.
Earlier, Shweta, competing with a gun she was not used to as her own gun had been held back by the Korean Customs, secured the bronze medal in the 10m range in air pistol with a total tally of 176.4 behind champion Zhang Mengyuan of China (202.2) and runner-up Jung Jeehae of South Korea (201.3).
Shweta's teammates Heena Sidhu (378) and Malaika Goel (373) ended up 13th and 24th respectively while the trio as a team got the fifth spot from among 14 teams.
Shweta defied odds, a travel-weary schedule and absence of her regular weapon to provide India with their first medal.
The 28-year-old had to eliminate a rival through a shoot-off to ensure the bronze in the women's 10m air pistol event.
Having qualified for the eight-strong final list with a total score of 383 even as her more fancied teammate Heena Sidhu got eliminated, Shweta showed exemplary poise to fight her way back.
She managed to stave off early elimination by being the third best after the first eight shots, recovering from sixth position. She had a poor 8.4 when the last four shooters were standing which forced a play-off with China's Guo Wenjun to decide who remains in the competition.
Shweta was leading Guo 138.3 to 137.9 when she became nervous and a poor mark of 8.4 followed to force the shoot-off in which she shot 10.7 while her Chinese rival came up with only 10.0 to be eliminated.
In the badminton event, Saina opened the proceedings for the team and hardly broke a sweat before thrashing Kit Ieng Wong 21-6 21-4 in just 21 minutes.

10 things to know about Alibaba s big debut on the NYSEChina's e-commerce giant Alibaba began trading its shares Friday on the New York Stock Exchange. Here are ten things to know about Alibaba, and why its initial public offering made history:
The biggest
Alibaba raised $21.8 billion in its debut, making it the biggest US-listed IPO in history after the IPO of credit card processing company Visa in 2008. If Alibaba's investment banks were to exercise their option to sell an additional 48 million shares, it could make Alibaba's IPO the biggest in the world, beating out the $22 billion IPO of Agricultural Bank of China in 2010.
Don't forget Yahoo!
It may have been a big day for Alibaba and its founder Jack Ma, but Yahoo's investors are feeling pretty good after Alibaba's IPO. Yahoo was an early investor in Alibaba, paying $1 billion for a stake in the company in 2005. Yahoo likely made $8.3 billion to $9.5 billion in Alibaba's IPO, and will still own a 16% stake in the company worth $37.7 billion.
Alibaba eclipises Silicon Valley
Alibaba now has a market capitalization of roughly $219.8 billion, according to FactSet. That makes the company bigger than some of the US technology industry's most successful names, such as Facebook, eBay, and even Amazon.com.
All in one
Investors are interested in Alibaba because the company dominates many businesses in China that, here in the US, are run by individual companies. Alibaba owns the websites Tmall and Taobao, which are similar to Amazon.com and eBay, respectively. The company also earns money from transaction fees related to its various businesses through Alipay, which is like PayPal. That's just three of Alibaba's many subsidiaries.
Big profits
Unlike the US e-commerce giant Amazon, Alibaba has been consistently profitable. The company had $8.5 billion in sales in its latest fiscal year ending in March, with net income of $3.8 billion. The year prior, Alibaba had $5.4 billion in sales and $1.4 billion in profits. In comparison, Amazon sold $74.4 billion in goods in 2013, but made only $274 million in profits that year. In 2012, Amazon reported a net loss of $39 million.
Risks
If Alibaba does well for investors, it will be the exception to what has been the trend for Chinese companies. When Chinese companies have listed stocks on American markets, their shares have lost an average 1% a year for the next three years, compared with an average 7% annual gain for other US IPOs, according to research by Jay Ritter, a finance professor at the University of Florida.
Second time around
This isn't Alibaba's first time going public. Alibaba took its online shopping portal Alibaba.com public in 2007 in Hong Kong. Alibaba.com was a publicly traded company only for a few years. Alibaba took Alibaba.com private in 2012.
Solid gold
Jack Ma, who started Alibaba in 1999 in his apartment in the Chinese city of Hangzhou, is now among the richest people in the world. Ma's ownership in the company is worth roughly $18.2 billion, based on Alibaba's closing share price Friday. That doesn't include the shares he sold in the IPO, which are worth another $867 million, and his other investments. Bloomberg put his entire net worth at $21.9 billion, making him the 34th richest person in the world.
Big win for NYSE
Alibaba chose to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange, making it the second A-list technology company to go public on the Big Board in less than a year. The NYSE handled Twitter's IPO last year. NYSE's competitor, the Nasdaq Stock Market, has struggled to win the business of big tech companies since Facebook's IPO in 2012, which was plagued with technical problems.
Life is like a box of...
Jack Ma biggest hero is the fictional character Forrest Gump. "I really like that guy," Ma said, in an interview with business channel CNBC on Friday. "Every time I'm frustrated, I watch the movie. (The movie tells) me that no matter whatever changed, you are you."

Pradeep Metals  board meeting on Sept 26  2014Sep 20, 2014, 12.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Pradeep Metals' board meeting on Sept 26, 2014
Pradeep Metals Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 26, 2014, to deliberate and decide on the economy and viability of setting up 2.1 MW Wind Power facility.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pradeep Metals' board meeting on Sept 26, 2014
Pradeep Metals Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 26, 2014, to deliberate and decide on the economy and viability of setting up 2.1 MW Wind Power facility.
Post your opinion here
 
Pradeep Metals Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 26, 2014, inter alia, to transact the following business:1. To deliberate and decide on the economy and viability of setting up 2.1 MW Wind Power facility.2. To deliberate and decide on acquisition of a manufacturing facility in USA, Europe and other countries in furtherance of the Company’s business.3. To consider Loan Application for renewal / enhancement of working capital facilities and term loans.Source : BSE

BJP-Shiv Sena conflict only for power and position  not for public welfare: CongressBJP-Shiv Sena conflict only for power and position  not for public welfare: Congress
Indian ADRs: Wipro slips 3.4%  ICICI Bank Dr Reddy s downIndian ADRs: Wipro slips 3.4%  ICICI Bank Dr Reddy s down
With Alibaba s Big Debut  10 Things to KnowWith Alibaba s Big Debut  10 Things to Know
Rajnath makes veiled attack on Pakistan at Saarc summitRajnath makes veiled attack on Pakistan at Saarc summit
Indiabulls Housing Finance allots 1cr equity shares upon conversion of warrantsIndiabulls Housing Finance allots 1cr equity shares upon conversion of warrants
GMR Infra bags hydro power contract in NepalGMR Infra bags hydro power contract in Nepal
Congress criticizes Modi s stand on China incursion issueCongress criticizes Modi s stand on China incursion issue
Abe... (and this is not the jap pm i am referring to)  bonus already...Silver Member
10 Followers
Abe... (and this is not the Jap PM I am referring to),   bonus already given recently by LG Bala.  How many bonus you want sunny?  Nontheless LG Bala will spring surprise or two by Dec 14.  Will soar towards 1500 by then.
12.35 PM Sep 20th

Hold or buy accumulate for bonus by year end ie dec 14Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Harishcm can you explain dear  readons of last session fall in dabur i...Platinum Member
541 Followers
Dear INVESTMENTCALL perhaps you are not aware I never give targets based on a daily or even weekly basis nor do I explain movement of any stock on session to session basis. My calls are always for investment purposes. Whenever I feel the stock deserves better price than being enjoyed by it I suggest that. Dabur according to me is undervalued at present when I compare it with other FMCG companies ruling much higher. So I expect Dabur India to have a good upside from current levels. But till the stock reaches those high levels it will continue facing daily ups and downs with long term target being much higher than its current level.
10.17 PM Sep 20th

Yeh news aachi hai toh morgan stanley ne 14 million share open market ...Gold Member
2 Followers
yeh news aachi hai toh morgan stanley ne 14 million share open market kyon sell kiye .kahi sab ka paisa loss mein toh nahi gaya .
12.33 PM Sep 20th

Asian Games: Indian hockey team eyes big win over Sri LankaAsian Games: Indian hockey team eyeing big win over Sri Lanka
PTI
Tweet
Incheon, Sept 20:  
Eyes firmly set on the gold medal, which has eluded them for the past 16 years, the Indian men’s hockey team would look to open its Asian Games campaign with a big win against minnows Sri Lanka in a Pool B match at the Seonhak Hockey Stadium here tomorrow.
After the islanders, the Sardar Singh-led side will face Oman on September 23 before more tough encounters against arch-rival Pakistan (September 25) and China (September 27).
Two-time gold medallist India, who stood top of the podium in 1966 and 1998, would definitely be looking for thumping wins over Sri Lanka and Oman to boost their confidence before they take on the big guns.
New format
The Asian Games will be the first major international hockey competition to feature the new format where the duration of the game has been reduced from 70 to 60 minutes.
The game will also be played in four quarters of 15-minute each instead of the regular two halves of 35 minutes each.
There will be a 40-second time-out when a penalty corner is awarded and after a goal is scored.
The new format was introduced by the International Hockey Federation to make the game more fast-paced and viewer friendly and the Asian Games will be a test of character of India’s adaptability to changing rules.
India is the second-best among Asian teams in world rankings at no.9 behind four-time winners and tournament hosts South Korea.
But going by the amount of international exposure Terry Walsh’s boys had in the last one year, which includes the World Cup and Glasgow Commonwealth Games, India are definitely touted as one of the title favourites in the 17th edition of the Asiad.
For India, the added incentive to win the gold here is a direct berth to Rio Olympics as the winners of the Asian Games will earn a direct entry into the 2016 mega-event.
Having failed to utilise the opportunity in the last edition after losing to Malaysia in the semi-finals of the 2010 Guangzhou Games, the Indians would be desperate to avoid a repeat this time around.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Asian Games: Pistol shooter Shweta wins first medal for IndiaAsian Games: Pistol shooter Shweta wins first medal for India
PTI
Tweet
Incheon, Sept 20:  
Pistol shooter Shweta Chaudhry defied odds, a travel-weary schedule and absence of her regular weapon to provide India with their first medal, a bronze, in the 17th Asian Games here today.
The Faridabad-born Shweta had to eliminate a rival through a shoot-off to ensure the bronze in the women’s 10M Air Pistol event with a total tally of 176.4 at the Ongnyeon shooting range here.
China’s Zhang Mengyan won the gold with 202.2, while host country South Korea’s Jung Jee-Hae secured the silver with 201.3.
Having qualified for the 8-woman finals with a total score of 383 even as her more fancied teammate Heena Sidhu got eliminated after notching up 378, Shweta, 28, showed exemplary poise to fight her way back in the finals.
She managed to stave off early elimination by being the third best after the first eight shots, having recovered from the 6th position. She had a poor 8.4 when the last four shooters were standing, which forced a play-off with China’s Guo Wenjun to decide who remains in the competition.
Shweta was leading Guo 138.3 to 137.9 when she became nervous and the poor mark of 8.4 followed to force the shoot-off in which she shot 10.7 while her Chinese rival came up with only 10.0 to be eliminated.
This ensured at least a bronze for the married ONGC employee, but by then the leeway she had conceded to the top-two shooters was too big to bridge.
And a poor first shot of 8.6 pegged her down further and though she shot 10.5 with her last shot, compared with 10.7 by Zhang and 10.0 by Jung, she got eliminated from the gold medal round.
Shweta’s sequence of scores in the 20-shot finals, in which she completed 18 shots before being knocked out, were 10.8, 10.7, 9.3, 10.2, 10.0, 9.8, 9.3, 7.7, 9.7, 10.3, 10.1, 9.8, 10.7, 9.9, 10.6, 8.4, 8.6 and 10.5.
Shweta was ecstatic to give the country the first medal on the opening day action.
“I am happy I got the first medal for India, it’s a bronze but a medal is a medal. This is the biggest medal for me till now. I was thinking of first or second place in the beginning when it was good but in the middle I lost a bit.
That 8.4 was a bad shot (leading to shoot-off),” the Faridabad shooter told reporters after winning the bronze.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Smoking can cause urologic diseases: expertsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Decisive move above 8150 may suggest more upside with another rally: Sukhani18 September 2014
Thursday
Stunning rally in the markets takes Nifty, Bank Nifty almost near previous life time highs; big lesson for all traders
YESTERDAY WE SUGGESTED: “For tomorrow, traders should be alert to the possibility of a one-sided move, up or down.” Today’s spectacular up move was certainly one sided, but the magnitude of the rally was a surprise. Bank Nifty has seen a big up move prices closes above 16000. PSU Banks are at the verge of breakout. A correction is now over in CNX IT as prices closes above to its resistance near 11050. Look for a buying opportunity in IT stocks.
We have LEAD in METAL SECTION. Trend is down and prices are now trading at the support. We have AUTOMOBILE in Sector Focus. A minor correction is over and we may see another breakout. Stock in focus includes EXIDEIND, IGL, M&MFIN and UNIONBANK. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss JPY INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

HCL Technologies to invest $9 million in North Carolina centreNEW DELHI, September 19, 2014
Updated: September 19, 2014 00:11 IST
HCL Technologies to invest $9 million in North Carolina centre
Staff Reporter
computing and information technology
HCL Technologies late on Thursday announced that it would invest $9 million to expand its centre in North Carolina (U.S.), creating up to 1,237 new jobs by the end of 2018.
HCL Technologies, which has over 8,000 people working across 15 States in the U.S., employs close to 1,000 people at the Cary Centre in North Carolina. Governor Pat McCrory and North Carolina Commerce Secretary Sharon Decker made the announcement at the centre.
“HCL sees Cary as a strategic talent hub in the Americas and will invest approximately $9 million in expanding the centre. The company continues to invest in its global delivery footprint in order to enhance value for its clients by developing nearshore capabilities,” HCL Technologies Chief Human Resources Officer Prithvi Shergill told The Hindu. HCL’s business in America contributes more than 50 per cent of the firm’s global revenues.
The firm also has partnerships with North Carolina New Schools for STEM-related initiatives to leverage HCL’s services for content creation and management of its collaborative, online community.
HCL will hire computer professionals to develop, maintain and upgrade software applications and provide services to global clients. Salaries will vary by job function and experience, but the average annual payroll for the new jobs is expected to be nearly $64 million.
The expansion comes as part of an award to HCL from the state Job Development Investment Grant (JDIG) programme, which are awarded to new and expanding businesses and industrial projects in the region.
Under the terms of the company’s JDIG award, HCL is eligible to receive up to 12 annual grants equal to 75 per cent of the state personal income tax withholdings from the eligible new jobs created since the date of the initial award.

Neither warmongers nor wimpsUpdated: September 19, 2014 01:10 IST
Neither warmongers nor wimps
international relations
The debate over Europe’s economic, political and military readiness to retaliate against Russia shows in a nutshell what is currently at stake in Ukraine: the future of European foreign policy. But every crisis carries with it the seed of a chance, and this one is pushing the EU in the right direction
It is a very German discussion that has been occupying the media of Europe’s largest economy for the last few months. It started with a cover story in the leading news magazine Der Spiegel that called on policymakers to “Stop Putin. Now.” The conservative daily Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung (FAZ) followed suit with an op-ed demanding a new “double-track-decision” that would show Europe’s “economic, political and military readiness to retaliate” against Russia.
Read: EU sanctions on Russia could self-harm
In a largely pacifist country, this air of hawkishness that brings back memories of the Cold War could not pass uncontradicted. Garbor Steingart, Editor-in-Chief of the business weekly Das Handelsblatt rubbished these articles as “mental conscription calls,” an accusation that led FAZ to speculate about the amount of pressure Mr. Steingart might face from the German business lobby: “Be nice to Putin, whatever he does, otherwise our economy will be in trouble.”
A policy review
The debate shows in a nutshell what is currently at stake in the Ukraine: the future of European foreign policy. The crisis not only reveals the centrifugal forces that are always at work within the European Union (EU): different economic interests and political cultures of its member states versus a growing need to speak and act as a unified player. It also shows a deep sense of insecurity of what a European foreign policy should be. But every crisis carries with it the seed of a chance. And this one is pushing the EU in the right direction.
More than two decades after the end of the Cold War, it is clear to everybody that Europe cannot afford to remain divided and indecisive in a conflict at its own doorstep. The shooting down in July of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 over the Ukraine, widely believed to be by Russia-backed rebels, brought back memories of war to a continent that liked to believe that the age of wars — in this part of the world — is over.
Pictures of rotting bodies in the badlands of the Ukraine — all 298 passengers died — did not only prove the contrary. In an ‘Open Letter’ to German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, 21 German intellectuals from across the political spectrum claim: “The German government resists persistently to talk about Russia’s war against the Ukraine. But every realistic policy has to call a spade a spade. The EU must not leave any doubt that the aggression against a state, with which it has an association agreement will come at a high political and economic price.”
In the Netherlands, from where most of the victims of the ill-fated flight originated, the incident triggered a serious policy review: from business-oriented pussyfooting vis-à-vis Mr. Putin towards a more resolute stance against Russia. Like many other European countries, the Netherlands depends on Russian oil and gas imports for much of its energy needs and has one of the highest trade deficits with Russia. For Italy and Germany too, Russia is an important commercial partner and gas supplier.
That’s one part of the problem. The other is that the relationship between the EU and Russia has not delivered on the promise of a genuine partnership that seemed to be possible after the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989. One might call that hope for an age of peace, prosperity and democracy as naive, but it has shaped public opinion in Europe after the Cold War at a large scale.
Read: Caught between Russia and the EU
Instead, Vladimir Putin, who was once called a “flawless democrat” by former German Chancellor Gerhard Schröeder, has proven an unpredictable neighbour, to say the least. In a drive to secure his own fragile power basis at home, he seems to be determined to bring the Ukraine back into Russia’s orbit, at any cost. And here, the misunderstanding begins.
British journalist Ambrose Evans-Pritchard believes that Mr. Putin is “obsessed with an imaginary threat from an ageing, pacifist Europe in slow decline.” But that underestimates the attractiveness of the European model that is obvious to everybody in its vicinity. And it underestimates the pull that a value-based foreign policy approach has for those who are lacking the freedoms and possibilities that the European Union promises.
Obviously, it has given incentives for political change in the Ukraine. “The majority of the people in the Ukraine want a European-style democracy, rule of law and free market economy. The Kremlin has understood very well that this is a threat to Putin’s authoritarian and corrupt regime,” says Doris Heimann, a German correspondent in Moscow, who has covered Eastern Europe for more than two decades.
While Mr. Putin might satisfy the demand for a strong Russian posture at home, he has little to offer even to his own people in the long run. Andrew Kuchins, Director of the Russia and Eurasia Program, Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) in Washington DC, believes that Mr. Putin, like his Soviet predecessors, might have decided to avoid necessary economic reforms because they could destroy his authoritarian system. While prospects of a positive economic development in Russia seem to be bleak, former communist countries that joined the EU, like Poland, are flourishing economically.
The European right
Europe therefore needs to take a closer look at the implications of its value-based foreign policy. The EU has taken the right decision to impose strict economic sanctions on Russia as a reaction to the Crimean crisis. Under the leadership of Ms. Merkel, Europe stands united in a major security crisis for the first time and it proves those critics wrong who prematurely assumed that “a shaken EU makes no real effort to confront Russia over Ukraine.”
It should be added here that the European extreme right that has gained influence — especially the French National Front and even the German Euro-critical party AfD (Alternative für Deutschland) — count among the staunch supporters of Mr. Putin. And it is clear why: both Mr. Putin and the populist parties of the right want to weaken the European Union, for different reasons. But so far, their influence remains limited.
The buck does not stop here. As Mr. Steinmeier put it, “sanctions alone are no policy.” But what is? This is the background of Germany’s heated discussion about “warmongering” or “appeasement” that rings so much like 1980s rhetoric.
Economic sanctions can only be one part of an overall strategy towards Russia. The role of the military is another element that needs to be reflected on. While the European public is largely pacifist as a result of two devastating wars in the 20th century, policymakers must be aware that “European values” become an empty phrase if nothing follows in case of their violation.
“Will Europe stand by and watch how a state is being destroyed that has opted for European values?” This is the question the signatories of the ‘Open Letter’ to Ms. Merkel ask. They suggest an expansion of the sanctions against Russia and large-scale financial support for the Ukraine. But do not mention the military.
That is the crux of European foreign policy at the moment. “In the European Union’s world, things such as balance of power and armed intervention are simply not on the table, although individual member states such as France continue to undertake military interventions on their own,” writes Kathleen McNamara.
In Germany, things are even more complicated because national interest hardly counts as a relevant element of foreign policy. Therefore, every action has to be justified on moral grounds. “The problem of German security policy is that it neither asks itself what German interests are nor does it explain these interests to the people,” writes Alan Posener, correspondent at the conservative daily, Die Welt.
As a result, everybody who suggests an element of military deterrence in a European strategy towards Moscow, risks being labelled as “warmongering.” That does not only weaken Europe’s position, but also ignores the fact that European continent is still heavily militarised.
Other ‘frozen’ conflicts
Apart from Russia’s aggression against the Ukraine and Mr. Putin’s plan for a neo-imperialist “Novorossiya” (“New Russia”), there are several “frozen” conflicts in South Eastern Europe and the Caucasus that remain unresolved and represent a continuing risk of military conflict: South Ossetia, Abkhazia, Nagorno-Karabakh, Transnistria, to name just a few. At the same time, thousands of nuclear weapons are still central to the security arrangements of the continent.
The Ukraine, under the Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances of 1994, gave up the world’s third largest nuclear weapons stockpile that it had inherited from the Soviet Union. The memorandum that was signed by the United States, the United Kingdom and the Russian Federation included security assurances against threats or the use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of Ukraine. Europe sees the invasion of Crimea and Russia’s interference in the Ukraine as a breach of international law and Russia’s obligations of the Budapest Memorandum.
It is therefore more than justified that a discussion has started about a military component in the EU’s strategy vis-à-vis Russia. The Nato Summit on September 4-5 in Wales discussed a plan of how to free the Baltic States — Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania — as well as the Eastern European countries such as Poland and Romania from the fear of being threatened or even attacked by Russia.
For everybody who lived in Germany before and after the fall of the Berlin wall, this is a mind-boggling return of “the enemy in the East.” As German President Joachim Gauck put it in a much debated speech at the Munich Security Conference earlier this year, Germany still believes that it is “surrounded by friends.”
But this might not be the case anymore. “Russia cannot be seen as our strategic partner anymore,” writes Wolfgang Ischinger, Chairman of the Munich Security Conference and asks: “When, if not now, is the right time to take steps towards a European Defence Union?”
Given this psychological situation of the German public and the strong economical interests in the German business community, one cannot expect that German foreign policy will be coming-of-age overnight. Neither will the European Union start acting as the “United States of Europe” any time soon. But driven by the dramatic events in the Ukraine, a far-reaching process has started, in Germany and in other European countries. For this time, the EU is on the right path.
(Britta Petersen was South Asia correspondent of the German Financial Times in India and Country Director of the Heinrich Boell Foundation in Pakistan. She is currently Senior Fellow at the Observer Research Foundation in Delhi.)

Shah Rukh Khan beats Salman and Aamir  gets 9 million followers on TwitterShah Rukh Khan is very active on Twitter
Written by Apurva Singh , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:46 pm
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan, who is busy promoting his upcoming film ‘ Happy New Year ‘ in Houston, touched another level of success.
The ‘highly popular’ actor’s follower count on social networking and microblogging website Twitter has touched nine million.
Shah Rukh Khan is very active on Twitter and also uses the site as a platform to promote his films and events. He also shares his personal life on it and often talks about his children – Aryan, Suhana and AbRam.
King Khan has left behind the other two Khans in popularity as Salman Khan has eight million and Aamir Khan with six million followers.
Shah Rukh Khan will soon be seen in choreographer-turned-director Farah Khan’s next ‘Happy New Year’. Along with SRK, the film also has Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah. ‘Happy New Year’ will hit the screens this Diwali. Shah Rukh Khan beats Salman, Aamir, gets 9 million followers on Twitter

Ranbir Kapoor  Jacqueline Fernandez shooting for Roy in Langkawi‘Roy’ is slated to release by February, next year.
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:39 pm
Bollywood actor Ranbir Kapoor is busy shooting for Vikramjit Singh’s upcoming film, ‘Roy’ along with ‘Kick’ beauty Jacqueline Fernandez in Langkawi (Malaysia).
The film, which also stars ‘Inkaar’ actor Arjun Rampal, is reportedly a love triangle.
According to reports, Jacqueline Fernandez is playing a double role in the movie and Ranbir is playing a thief.
‘Roy’ is slated to release by February, next year.

Infosys Inks Office Lease Deal in PolandEuropean Parliament May Propose Google Break-Up in Draft Resolution
New Delhi: Infosys, India's second largest software services firm, has signed a contract with commercial real estate developer Skanska Property for leasing its office space for 10 years, the biggest such transaction in Poland so far this year.
The expansion comes in the wake of Infosys planning to expand the workforce at its Lodz, Poland delivery centre by 500 people.
The Bangalore-based firm's arm Infosys BPO Poland signed the lease agreement with Skanska Property for over 21,000 square metres in Infosys Green Horizon office complex in Lodz city.
The agreement covers new lease terms for the area already occupied by Infosys beside an additional 3,800 square metres of office space.
Real estate advisory firm Cushman & Wakefield, which represented Infosys BPO, said the agreement is the largest deal in the Lodz's office market so far and the biggest lease transaction in Poland in 2014.
The new lease agreement extends the lease period to 2024. Infosys did not comment.
"The possibility of expanding within one location is one of the key aspects for companies from the business services sector while choosing their new office. This was the case with Infosys BPO Poland, who is planning to increase the number of employees by a further 500," Cushman & Wakefield said.
The Lodz delivery centre was established after Infosys BPO took over Philips Shared Service Centre (SSC) in 2007. It is the largest Infosys location outside India, offering BPO and ITO services across 48 geographies in 24 languages.
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 18:38 (IST)

Gold Tumbles by Rs 440 to 3-Month LowNew Delhi: Gold prices on Friday tumbled by Rs 440 to hit an over three-month low of Rs 27,010 per 10 grams in the national capital on heavy selling by stockists triggered by a weakening global trend.
Besides, sluggish demand and subdued global cues also weighed on the precious metal's price.
Silver also fell for the third day and shed another Rs 100 to Rs 40,900 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiment turned weak largely in tandem with a weak trend overseas where gold fell to an eight-month low after the Federal Reserve raised its interest-rate forecasts this week, strengthening the dollar, reduced the metal demand, traders said.
Gold in London, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 0.2 per cent to $1,222.71 an ounce and silver was down 0.1 per cent at $18.51 an ounce.
Sluggish domestic demand in view of the ongoing 'sharadh', considered to be an inauspicious fortnight for making new purchases, also dampened sentiment, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 440 each to Rs 27,010 and Rs 26,810 per 10 grams respectively, a level last seen on June 9.
Sovereign, however, moved in a tight range on lack of buying support and settled at last level of Rs 24,400 per piece of 8 grams.
Silver ready traded lower by Rs 100 to Rs 40,900 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 260 to Rs 40,810 per kg.
The white metal had lost Rs 600 in the previous two sessions. Silver coins dropped by Rs 1,000 to Rs 70,000 for buying and Rs 71,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 15:41 (IST)

FX reserves fall for 2nd week on dollar selling by RBIForex reserves fall for 2nd week on dollar selling by RBI
ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 06.39AM IST
Tags:
Federal Reserve
(In the last two weeks, reserves…)
KOLKATA: India's foreign exchange reserves fell for the second straight week as the RBI sold dollars to prevent currency volatility after the US Federal Reserve said it may withdraw monetary easing sooner than anticipated. Reserves fell by $1.615 billion in the week to September 12 to $315.698 billion, RBI said in the weekly statistical report.
In the last two weeks, reserves fell by about $3 billion as the rupee came under pressure due to the dollar's global strength. Withdrawal of monetary easing by Fed would also make US bonds more attractive and lure investors away from the emerging markets . The local currency closed on Monday at 61.13 to the dollar — the weakest in one-anda-half months — on fears the US interest rates may soon start rising. The rupee closed on Friday at 60.81 a dollar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty to grind at current levels as fundamentals may disappointNifty unlikely to deliver more than 5% from current levels: Phani Sekhar, Angel Broking
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 22, 2014, 12.39PM IST
("The Nifty is around its…)
By Mohammed Sabir
MUMBAI: The benchmarks are unlikely to stretch the rally and may grind around current levels due to a variety of factors in the next three months, says P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS, Angel Broking.
In an email response to economictimes.com, Sekhar says that the pharmaceutical sector will surprise with its research and manufacturing innovations. He shares his multi-bagger ideas and advises to stay away from PSU banks. Excerpts:
Q: The benchmarks have bounced back after the US Fed said that the interest rates will remain at zero for a long time. Will the Nifty hit fresh highs soon or consolidate? Where do you see the Nifty this Diwali?
The Nifty is around its life highs. However, it is unlikely to deliver more than 5 per cent from the current levels. While the US Fed has intentions to keep the rates low, yields on the 10-year and 30-year have been steadily climbing in the past month by 22 bps and 15 bps, respectively.
Scotland's referendum in a few days and the potential of Britain exiting from the EU in the event of Scottish independence will keep the financial markets on the edge.
Moreover, we have witnessed a large part of the risk-off trade playing out so far due to the global commodities across energy and agriculture being at multi-year lows, creating a sweet spot for emerging markets such as India. However, domestic fundamentals, though on the mend, are likely to disappoint as they may not turn around fast enough for the markets' liking. On the balance, while we have enjoyed the gains so far, the markets may grind around current levels due to a variety of factors in the next three months.
Q: What is your view on PSU banks? The stocks have been in an up-move even as fundamental concerns remain. Would you recommend investors to buy these banks at current levels?
No. PSU banks face multi-year headwinds as they battle with poor asset quality along with capital constraints. They have been systematically ceding market share to private banks for the past decade.
We might see that the market share loss by PSU banks may enter a climactic stage as they scramble hard against time, unions, and politics to mobilize capital ahead of BASEL 3 norms kicking in the next 3 years.
Besides a constant supply of their stock as PSU banks sell their stake regularly to mobilize capital will be an overhang preventing any meaningful re-rating in them. However, we will continue to witness trading rallies in PSU banking stocks. So investors can benefit by trading in them for 10% gains over short periods, but they can't be considered as core investment ideas in your long-term portfolios.
Q:Snowman Logistics has had a stellar debut and there is still a strong appetite for the stock. What is your view on the stock? Which companies are you bullish on in the logistics space?
We hold Gateway Distriparks, the parent of Snowman Logistics, in our investor portfolios. With this disclosure, we continue to be positive about the prospects of the entire logistics space and the cold chain segment within that.
In the medium term, valuations appear expensive, but being the only listed investment option in the exciting cold chain segment and a favorable long-term story, the stock may still deliver another 25 per cent returns in the next one year.
Q: Pharmaceuticals companies are in action with deals and pacts with MNCs. What is your view on the sector? Anything you like from the midcap pharma space?
Indian pharma is just beginning to discover its true potential. While the pharma sector has been delivering spectacular returns from the last 5 years, the business landscape has been getting better in the last 2 years. Many large and mid-sized Indian pharma companies are striking lucrative manufacturing deals with global pharma majors along with bagging exclusivities for many blockbuster drugs that have gone off-patent.
We believe that the sector will continue to surprise with its research and manufacturing innovations. We like Aurobindo Pharma and FDC in the midcap space.
Q: Give us at least two multi-bagger ideas.
Indiabulls Housing Finance and Hindustan Media Ventures (HMVL). While Indiabulls Housing will be a prime beneficiary of the government's low and medium income housing policies, HMVL is an excellent long-term story of leadership consolidation in the Hindi print medium in the states of Bihar and Jharkhand, while it continues to be in the second position in India's most populous state of UP.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1BVLhYYFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow closes at record high, again
Stocks cut earlier gains that sent the Dow and S&P 500 to new records and were trading mixed at midday Friday as a surge in Alibaba shares on their first day of trading failed to lift the broader market.
Post to Facebook
Dow closes at record high, again Stocks cut earlier gains that sent the Dow and S&P 500 to new records and were trading mixed at midday Friday as a surge in Alibaba shares on their first day of trading failed to lift the broader market. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1saxwEG
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
18
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow closes at record high, again
David Carrig, USA TODAY 7:44 p.m. EDT September 19, 2014
The moment Wall Street has been waiting for arrives Friday when Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba starts trading on the New York Stock Exchange, becoming the biggest U.S. IPO in history. VPC
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange prior to Alibaba Group's initial price offering (IPO) on September 19, 2014 in New York City.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
169 CONNECT 123 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 18 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks were mostly higher Friday morning but lost steam in the final hour of trading. The Dow Jones industrial average managed to close at a record high again as investors celebrated a surge in Alibaba shares on their first day of trading.
The Dow closed up 13.75 points, 0.1%, to 17,279.74 and hit an intraday record of 17,350.64 in morning trading. The S&P 500 index turned negative in the final minutes of trading and ended down 1 point, 0.1%, to finish at 2010.40 after earlier setting an all-time high of 2019.26.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index ended down 13.64 points, 0.3%, to close at 4579.79.
Alibaba's IPO debut roars, shares soar 38% (Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP) http://t.co/ph05RUMWWG pic.twitter.com/PlNNgSzAS5
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) September 19, 2014
The highly anticipated stock market debut of the Chinese e-commerce company began trading under the ticker symbol BABA after a two-and-a-quarter-hour delay this morning. Shares finished up about 38% to $93.89 after the company set its initial public offering price of $68 a share late Thursday.
ALIBABA IPO: Shares soar in Chinese e-commerce firm's trading debut
Yahoo (YHOO) , which owns a 24% stake in Alibaba, did not share in the enthusiasm as shares dropped 2.7% to close at $40.93.
Investors were also buoyed by Scottish voters' rejection of an independence referendum, adding to the upward momentum created by the Federal Reserve's announcement early this week that interest rates will not rise for a considerable time.
ALIBABA IPO: What to watch for on Wall Street today
In other corporate news:
• Apple (AAPL) kicked off sales of its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones as thousands for fans lined up at Apple stores worldwide to get the new devices. Shares ended down about 0.8% to $100.96.
Overseas, Britain's FTSE rose 0.3% to 6837.92 on the news that Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom and the pound rose against the euro to the strongest level in more than two years.
Independence activists still win with Scottish 'No' vote
Elsewhere in Europe, Germany's DAX was pretty much flat at 9799.26 and France's CAC-40 dipped 0.1% to 4461.22.
In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 gained 253.6 points, or 1.6%, to 16,321.17, Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 137.44 points, or 0.6%, to 24,306.16, and the Shanghai Composite added 13.52 points, or 0.6%, to 2329.45.
Thursday, stocks rose as Dow closed up 109.14 points, or 0.6%, and ended at a new all-time high of 17,265.99. The S&P 500 added 9.79 points, 0.5%, and closed at a record-high 2011.36. The Nasdaq finished up 31.24 points, 0.7%, to end at 4593.43.
169 CONNECT 123 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 18 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1saxwEG
USA NOW
Three grandmas smoke weed for first time
Nov 22, 2014

Shooters give India head start as Jitu Rai bags gold  Shweta Chaudhry mustersbronzeIndia's Jitu Rai (left) bagged India's first gold medal while Shweta settled for bronze at Incheon on Saturday.(Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: September 20, 2014 10:31 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 1:51 pm
Ace Indian shooter Jitu Rai clinched a historic gold in the 50m Pistol event on the opening day of the 17th Asian Games at the Ongnyeon International Shooting Range, in Incheon on Saturday.
Fresh from his 50m Pistol silver in the World Championships, the Lucknow-based shooter completed a grand double as he had won a gold in the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow earlier this year.
The shooter, who serves the Gurkha regiment, was on target from the word go after moving into the finals even as compatriot Omkar Singh failed to cross the qualification hurdle.
In the finals though, Rai was tested by Vietnam’s Nguyen Hoang Phuong, who had to settle for silver and bronze medallist Wang Zhiwei of China.
Rai accumulated 186.2 points in comparison to Phuong’s 183.4 and Zhiwei stood a distant third with 165.6 points. This was India’s second medal at the ongoing Games after Shweta Chaudhry’s bronze in the 10m air pistol event. PTI FK PM
Shweta wins bronze in 10m Air Pistol
Shooter Shweta Chaudhry gave India their first medal on the opening day action of the 17th Asian Games after the Faridabad girl clinched bronze in the Women 10m Air Pistol Finals on Saturday.
Shweta looked focused from the start as she sailed through even after her much fancied teammates Heena Sidhu and Malaika Goel failed to make the finals cut.
The World No.146 had a topsy turvy ride in the finals as she led the standings after 3 shots but soon slipped to sixth and then improved to third.
There was a shoot off between Chaudhry and China’s Zhou for the bronze before the Indian came up trumps with a 10.7 hit.
China though stood first on the podium with Zhang Mengyuan bagging gold and Korea’s Jung Jeehae getting the silver.
Meanwhile Chinese women also won gold in the 10m Air Pistol Team event.
On expected line, China lead the the medals tally with 3 gold medals while India stand fifth with a bronze to their credit.
Shweta looked focused from the start as she sailed through even after her much fancied teammates

China shuts around 1.8 million accounts in pornography crackdown: Report43
2
Beijing: China's Cyperspace Administration has closed nearly 1.8 million accounts on social networking and instant messaging services since it launched its anti-pornography campaign in April, state news agency Xinhua reported on Saturday.
The campaign has been focused on shutting down websites showing pornography and services used to solicit prostitution.
Most of the accounts closed were associated with microblogs, smart phone app WeChat and the instant messaging service QQ, Xinhua quoted the Cyberspace Administration as saying.
Most of the accounts closed were associated with microblogs, smart phone app WeChat and the instant messaging service QQ, says a report.
#pornography crackdown #pornography #china #social networking
Many of the accounts were shut down by the companies owning the apps themselves after public complaints, Xinhua said. There was no immediate comment from any of the companies involved.
The Chinese government regularly launches anti-pornography campaigns because the ruling Communist Party considers it deeply offensive to public morale.
Mobile messaging apps are hugely popular in China. Tencent Holding Ltd's WeChat is among the biggest with more than 300 million users.
10

Identify land for institution of AIIMS stature: Harsh VardhanUpdated: September 20, 2014 12:16 IST
Identify land for institution of AIIMS stature: Harsh Vardhan
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu Health Minister Harsh Vardhan
Addressing a press conference here on Friday, Dr. Vardhan said it should be a location easily accessible to all and the Centre would initiate other formalities as soon as a proper location was identified.
Kerala will have its All India Institute of Medical Science (AIIMS)-like institution as soon as the State government identifies land for setting up the institution, Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan has said.
Addressing a press conference here on Friday, Dr. Vardhan said it should be a location easily accessible to all and the Centre would initiate other formalities as soon as a proper location was identified.
The Regional Cancer Centre (RCC) here had the potential to be developed as a national cancer institute and the Ministry would work on the State’s request for the same as well as the other requests that had been put forth, he said.
Dr. Vardhan said the country now needed out-of-the-box solutions for many of the health problems. “We now need to move ahead and introduce new inputs into our planning and implementation of programmes. In the health sector, there cannot be a single model which will serve the people effectively and we are not averse to promoting public-private partnership models in various forms,’’ he said.
The government was in the process of formulating a National Health Assurance Mission with a provision for tertiary care service through universal health insurance and a set of assured health packages. Within the next fortnight, the Ministry would conduct a brain-storming session for Health Secretaries of all States in New Delhi to share the details on what was evolving. This would be followed by a meeting of Health Ministers to evolve a consensus, he said.
Physical inactivity was a leading cause of major lifestyle diseases. The government wanted more playgrounds for children; sports, yoga and meditation centres; and walkers’ clubs to promote the culture of physical activity, the Union Minister said.
He said he was saddened to see so many patients at the RCC, especially women, and said that it was time to launch a war against cancer in the country.

Maharashtra: Congress-NCP alliance hangs in the balanceMaharashtra: Shiv Sena ready to go with BJP's choice of CM
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Jammu and Kashmir floods: Death toll reaches 28020
1
Jammu: The number of deaths due to the floods in Jammu and Kashmir has climbed to 280, an official said.
At least 203 people have died in Jammu region and 77 in the Kashmir Valley. The loss in terms of private properties, businesses and infrastructure in the valley is more.
"We have no means at present to arrive at a firm figure," Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said on Friday evening.
The number of deaths due to the floods in Jammu and Kashmir has climbed to 280, an official said.
#jammu and kashmir floods #jammu and kashmir #death toll #omar abdullah
Omar said it was not only public and private property that have been devastated by the floods. "Crops and horticultural produce have suffered huge losses. The farmers and orchardists have suffered heavy losses."
"I will use all my influence and power to persuade the central government so that loans to farmers under the Kisan Credit Card scheme are waived off," he said on local radio station.
He said nobody could say how much time will it take to bring the state out of the crisis.
The state government has said that the secretariat will start functioning from September 22.
206

200 heavily armed terrorists waiting across LoC to infiltrate into the Indian side: Army9
0
Srinagar: Around 200 heavily armed terrorists were waiting across the Line of Control to infiltrate into the Indian side even as the security forces foiled several attempts by the ultras to sneak into Kashmir Valley following the recent floods.
"There are around 200 heavily armed terrorists across the Line of Control waiting to infiltrate into the Kashmir Valley," Lt Gen Subrata Saha, the General Officer Commanding of Srinagar-based 15 Corps said.
He said that infiltrators from across the border tried to take advantage of the recent floods in the Kashmir Valley, but the army foiled their attempts.
Around 200 heavily armed terrorists were waiting across the Line of Control to infiltrate into the Indian side.
#line of control #jammu and kashmir floods #armed terrorists #army
He said that around 200 militants were still active in the entire Valley and the security grid of the army was in place to "neutralise" them.
"Even though we too suffered damage in the recent floods as more than 50 per cent of the cantonment area was inundated but we never allowed the security grid to weaken," he said.
Saha said that it was because of the 'robust' counter terrorism and counter insurgency grid in place that dreaded foreign militant Umar Bhat was recently killed in the Rajwar forest area of the Kupwara district.
Lt Gen Saha said that in the past ten days, several- cross border infiltration attempts were made, but the army foiled them in which five infiltrators were gunned down.
"Three infiltrators were killed in the Keran Sector and two were killed in the Machil sector in the last ten days," Lt Gen Saha said.
Jammu and Kashmir has been hit by the worst-ever floods which have wreaked havoc in several districts and left 280 people dead.
15

Morgan Stanley sells 1.42cr shares of GTL InfrastructureMorgan Stanley sells 1.42cr shares of GTL Infrastructure
Amway  Tupperware issue notices to e-commerce sites to halt sale of their productsAmway
(The items of these direct…)
NEW DELHI: Direct selling firms are facing the heat from online retailers . Amway, Tupperware and Oriflame have issued notices to e-commerce sites including Snapdeal, Flipkart and eBay , asking them to stop selling their products.
The merchandise of these three direct sellers is not only offered at discounts as high as 40% but also bypass and strike at the very heart of the direct-sales distributor model that these firms follow globally.
In the direct selling model, there are no sales through traditional retail outlets — companies hire distributors who, in turn, sell products to consumers. Most times, errant distributors themselves supply unsold stocks to e-commerce sites and the firms are working to identify and penalise them.
"Oriflame products are not allowed to be sold by unauthorised persons, entities and means and we have issued notices to these ecommerce platforms that are selling our products. The sale of our products on these online platforms not only diverts sales from our distributors but also undermines the essence of direct selling as a proposition," Vivek Katoch, director - corporate affairs at Oriflame, maker of cosmetics and personal grooming products, told ET.
Katoch said from a consumer point of view, some products need recommendations and usage details, which is not possible with online sales.
Tupperware, which sells plastic storage containers, too, has written to e-commerce sites. "We have written to many of the e-commerce sites informing them about the disruption they are causing to our distributors and sales force and requested them to stop selling our products on their websites," Tupperware CMO Chandan Dang said.
Dang added that the easy availability of discounted products on e-commerce sites has been disruptive for the firm's distributors and sales force and is hitting their earnings. The emergence of e-commerce sites, which are online marketplaces where vendors can sell a range of products, has disrupted traditional models of retailing. Earlier, some manufacturers had warned shoppers against buying their products from e-commerce sites, which they said were not authorised sellers.
Snapdeal, which has a network of more than 50,000 merchants and brands, said all vendors on its site are registered only after their applications are reviewed. "Snapdeal.com is an online marketplace where businesses can list and sell their products across diverse categories. All sellers are screened and registered businesses.
The decision on the pricing solely rests with the sellers," a spokesperson for Snapdeal said. The direct selling industry, with estimated sales of Rs 7,000 crore and growing at 12-14%, is one of the fastest-growing non-store retail formats in the country.
A spokesperson for the country's largest direct selling firm, Amway, which sells nutrition and beauty products, said: "Our code of conduct explicitly states that unauthorised Internet selling violates agreements with Amway and our rules department regularly monitors this activity to prevent prohibited selling. We have taken legal action in the past when these rules are violated and will continue to do so to protect customers and individual entrepreneurs - Amway business owners (ABOs)."
Amway business owners are the 'only' authorised sellers of Amway products. The firms have also written to the government through the Indian Direct Sellers Association (IDSA) to issue clear guidelines on this matter to protect the industry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Barbados Tridents out to show they belongMore
Tridents out to show they belong
A mistmatch looks on the cards as the fancied Kings XI Punjab take on a weakened Barbados Tridents.
By The Preview by Siddarth Ravindran | ESPNcricinfo –  Fri 19 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Start time 2000 local (1430 GMT)
Big Picture
Compare the overseas contingent for the two sides, and it seems like a massive mismatch is lined up: Kings XI Punjab can call on top-drawer international talent in Glenn Maxwell, George Bailey, Thisara Perera , David Miller and - later in the tournament - Mitchell Johnson , while Barbados Tridents have the less luminous talents of Sri Lankan opening batsman Dilshan Munaweera, allrounder Jeevan Mendis, Zimbabwe's Elton Chigumbura , New Zealand allrounder James Franklin and South Africa's Neil McKenzie.
To make matters worse, Tridents are missing their captain and Twenty20 superstar Kieron Pollard , the vastly experienced Shoaib Malik and allrounder Dwayne Smith - their three best batsmen in the Caribbean Premier League this season.
Barbados Tridents will be looking to prove they can succeed without their superstars. (Getty Images)
But it might not be all one-way traffic. McKenzie knows a thing or two about beating fancied IPL teams in the Champions League, having made deft half-centuries in 2010 and 2012 to help South Africa's Lions franchise defeat Mumbai Indians. They also have a solid pace attack, which includes Ravi Rampaul and Jason Holder, both of whom have plenty of experience of playing in Twenty20s in Indian conditions.
That attack will be severely tested though against a batting line-up that is arguably the best in the IPL. On Thursday, Kings XI gave another demonstration of their batting might - even ducks for Virender Sehwag and Miller didn't prevent a barrage of big blows that took them to victory with plenty of deliveries to spare. Can Tridents stop the batting machine?
Form guide
Kings XI Punjab WLWLW (most recent first, completed matches only)
Barbados Tridents WWWLW
Watch out for
Kings XI were missing Johnson and Sandeep Sharma due to injuries in their first game, but instead of the experienced L Balaji or the highly-rated domestic allrounder Rishi Dhawan, they picked Railways' Anureet Singh. He showed it was a good move too, getting the new ball to swerve round and then producing a burst of leg-stump yorkers towards the death to stem the runs.
In a squad filled with players lacking international experience, Ravi Rampaul - the leading wicket-taker in the CPL - will have a major role to play. Ben Hilfenhaus and Doug Bollinger rattled the Kings XI top order on Thursday with the new ball, something Rampaul will have to repeat, given the depth of the Kings XI batting.
Stats and trivia
When it comes to six-hitting in Twenty20s, Virender Sehwag and James Franklin have almost exactly the same record - Sehwag (133 sixes in 140 innings), Franklin (132 sixes in 139 innings)
Only Essex (8) have hit more Twenty20 centuries than Kings XI (7)
Quotes
"We are not intimidated. We are a good unit. We didn't win the CPL by luck. We played good cricket throughout and if we can continue that momentum in the Champions League, I think we are going to have a good chance of reaching very far."
Barbados Tridents captain Rayad Emrit
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Jitu Rai wins 50m pistol title to open India s gold accountJitu Rai wins 50m pistol title to open India s gold account
Dear friends  kindly wait for september quarterly report releas...8 Followers
Dear Friends,
Kindly wait for September quarterly report releasing next month and also check out the shareholding pattern. Increase in promoters or FII shares -very good sign - hold for long.
Please follow on news updates on the company available through goggle or newspaper.
This is the only way we investors can find out what’s happing in the company; rest all is GUESS WORK
Regards

Foreigners can hold 74% of a private bank but fii ceiling is at 49%. s...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

6th SAARC Home Ministers  meet begins in NepalPress Trust of India | Kathmandu | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:34 pm
Nepalese Prime Minister Sushil Koirala on Friday inaugurated the 6th SAARC Home Ministers’ meet here which is expected to discuss counter-terrorism, maritime security, narcotic drugs, cyber crimes and other issues.
The Indian delegation is led by Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
In his opening remarks, Koirala said peace and prosperity are fundamental pillars of a healthy society and hoped the gathering would come out with concrete recommendations on accelerating regional cooperation and peace.
“Economic growth and social progress are possible only in a peaceful and secured environment, which in turn contribute  to consolidating democratic norms and values, protecting individual  freedom, and human rights,” he said.
The Prime Minister said: “South Asia is considered among the least integrated regions in the world as delivery from the SAARC process stands much below its potential.”
Koirala expressed hope that “SAARC Home Ministers’ meeting will come up with concrete recommendations on accelerating the process of regional cooperation.”
“SAARC is the most vulnerable region in terms of natural disaster as various types of incidents such as floods, earthquakes, landslides, occur in the region frequently, which affect everyone in this interdependent world,” Koirala said.
He underlined the need to strengthen “our capacity and promote collaborative efforts to deal with these problems.”
Nepal’s Deputy Prime Minister and Home Minister Bam Dev Gautam, who chaired the meeting, said “we are happy to note that SAARC countries are coming up closer and developing strong ties in mutual trust and understanding.”
Gautam said more effective and decisive actions are needed to translate the vision of SAARC into reality.
Home Ministers from all South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation member states – Bhutan, Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Maldives, Nepal, India and Sri Lanka – are attending the meet except Pakistan, which is being represented by its ambassador to Nepal.
The meeting is expected to discuss regional issues such as terrorism, drug and human trafficking and cyber crime.

Alibaba Surges on Massive Demand in Trading DebutYou are here: Home Market
Alibaba Surges on Massive Demand in Trading Debut
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 23:11 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
New York: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's shares surged in their first day of trading on Friday as investors jumped at the chance to get in on what looks likely to be the largest IPO in history and profit from China's growing middle class.
It was an auspicious debut for the company, founded by Jack Ma in his apartment in 1999, which now accounts for 80 per cent of online sales in China.
About a hundred people gathered outside the New York Stock Exchange at Wall and Broad Streets, many of them Chinese tourists with cameras, cheered when Ma exited the building.
The stock opened at $92.70 around 1600 GMT (9:30 p.m. in India) and quickly rose to a high of $99.70 in active trading. More than 100 million shares changed hands in composite trading in the first 10 minutes of trading. As of 12:50 pm ET (10:20 p.m. in India), shares were up 33 per cent at $90.50.
"This is the most anticipated event I've ever seen in my 20-year career on the floor of the NYSE. I think today's move is sustainable: The company is profitable, unlike some of its competitors, and it is a way for traders to tap into the Chinese growth story," said Mark Otto, partner with J. Streicher & Co, who trades on the NYSE floor.
The pricing of the IPO on Thursday initially raised $21.8 billion for the Chinese e-commerce company. Scott Cutler, head of the New York Stock Exchange's global listing business, told a news channel that underwriters would exercise their option for an additional 48 million shares, to bring the IPO's size to about $25 billion, making it the largest initial public offering in history.
Alibaba is nearly unknown to most Americans but is ubiquitous in China, where it is responsible for 80 percent of online sales. The company earned $3.7 billion in the 12 months ended March 31, 2014, up about $2 billion from the prior 12-month period.
The sale values the company at about $168 billion, more than American icons such as Walt Disney Co and Coca-Cola Co. Should the stock close at $90 on its first day, it would be worth about $222 billion, nearly the value of Procter & Gamble Co.
With the big first-day gain, investors hoping for more may be disappointed. At a price of about $90.50 a share, the stock is valued at 38 times its estimated earnings per share for its current fiscal year, which will end in March 2015. That is roughly in line with Facebook's valuation of 39 times forward earnings but nowhere near the lofty valuation of Amazon.com's multiple of 264, according to Thomson Reuters Starmine data.
"The question is if it becomes dead money for the next six months," said one fund manager. "Will it just trade at $93 and stay flat?"
Ma, a former English teacher, boasts a personal fortune of more than $14 billion on paper, vaulting him into the ranks of such tech billionaires as Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos. The deal is also expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of the company's managers, software engineers and other staff.
The rise in the stock exceeds the average gain by new IPOs on US exchanges of late. In the second quarter, the average first-day gain was 9.2 per cent, according to Renaissance Capital IPO Intelligence. Underwriters usually aim for a gain of 10 per cent to 15 per cent on the first day.
Demand was intense among the retail investor crowd. J.J. Kinahan, chief market strategist at retail brokerage TD Ameritrade Holding Corp, said the company received customer orders amounting to about 70 per cent of what it saw for Facebook, and about three times the customer orders it had for Twitter's IPO.
With underwriters electing to sell more shares, the company's initial public offering becomes the largest in history, surpassing Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's $22.1 billion listing in 2010.
Alibaba Group's orange banners were festooned around the exchange, with its logo on NYSE computer screens. Ma watched several long-time customers ring the opening bell.
"I don't want disappointed shareholders, I want to make sure they make money," Ma said of the pricing, on the news channel, adding that he worries most when customers are happy.
NYSE held extensive tests to ensure it would be able to handle heavy trading volume.
"We've had a lot of major IPOs, and when you have one it's always the biggest until the next biggest one comes along," said Ted Weisberg, floor trader with Seaport Securities in New York, who has been a member of the NYSE for 45 years.
The deal allows cornerstone Alibaba investors such as Japan's Softbank Corp and Yahoo Inc to profit from getting in on the ground floor at the company. Yahoo sold some $8 billion worth of shares in the offering, leaving it with a 16.3 per cent stake. Shares of Yahoo were hit on Friday, dropping 6 per cent.
Softbank is not selling for now and will be left with a 32 per cent stake, making it the largest single shareholder.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 22:18 (IST)

China central bank lends $81.4 billion to 5 biggest banksE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

AGMs of Rel ADAG cos not in shareholders interestADAG group spokesperson
(While such a practice could…)
MUMBAI: Four companies of Anil Ambani-led Reliance ADA Group have fixed their annual general meetings (AGM) one after another, with a gap of two hours between each, at the same location in Mumbai on September 30, the last day for AGMs. The AGM of Reliance Capital will begin at 10 am, followed by Reliance Communications' at noon, Reliance Infrastructure's at 2 pm and Reliance Power's at 4 pm. If an AGM is delayed, subsequent meetings will be pushed back. This is not the first time ADAG companies will hold such back-to-back meetings; also, ADAG is not the only group to be doing so.
While such a practice could be for the convenience of the company and some common stakeholders, experts think this is against the interest of most shareholders. "It may not be a violation of laws, but it's against best corporate governance practices," said Sandeep Parekh, founder, Finsec Law Advisor. "Companies should follow the principles of corporate governance in spirit as well as letter."
Reliance Capital had 10.64-lakh public shareholders as on June 30, Reliance Communications had 16.82 lakh shareholders, Reliance Infrastructure had 11.92 lakh and Reliance Power had 39.60 lakh. ET's email query to an ADAG group spokesperson went unanswered till the time of going to Press.
"As per section 101(2) of the Companies Act 2013, the notice of a meeting shall specify the place, date, day and the time of the meeting, which cannot be conditional," said Shriram Subramanian, founder and managing director , In-Govern Research Services. Late last year, capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Commission of India asked stock exchanges to seek clarification from listed companies of Indiabulls group after they held 15-minute AGMs.
"The opportunity to participate effectively and vote (in an AGM) is a precious and substantive right of shareholders," said Vinay Chauhan, partner at Corporate Law Chambers India. "Therefore, it becomes incumbent on companies to ensure the exercise of this right is not made difficult or rendered nugatory by fixing inconvenient schedule, location or short time, etc, for meetings."
Sebi has mandated that companies should ensure the duration of AGMs is adequate to facilitate constructive dis- cussion. Short AGMs could affect the rights of investors in terms of seeking clarifications, said Chauhan. "If a group company's AGM is contingent upon the conclusion of the meeting of another group company, it could inconvenience shareholders as there is no fixed time for the meeting; some shareholders may even stay away from the meeting," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Debbie Wasserman Schultzs awkward day with party leadersDNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz introduces Vice President Joseph Biden during the Democratic National Committee's Women's Leadership Forum, Sept. 19, 2014 in Washington. (Mark Wilson / Getty Images)
Oh, to be a fly on the wall backstage.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz had an awkward task at the Democratic National Committee's Women’s Leadership Forum on Friday. She had to have back-to-back-to-back public encounters with the leaders of her party, who gathered there a day  after a scathing and deeply reported story suggested that Democrats are all but done with her as chairman.
One by one, she introduced Vice President Biden, Hillary Clinton and President Obama. And it was essentially air-kisses all around.
But the subtext was hard to miss, even as they praised her as the something amounting to the best DNC chair they had ever known.
Biden: “I have worked with a lot of chairpersons of the Democratic Party, but I’ve never seen anybody work as hard and as tirelessly as Debbie has.”
This after Wasserman Schultz fondly recalled that, as a college student in 1988, she had worn a "Biden for President" button on her backpack, even after the party’s nominee was chosen.
Speaking of Democratic nominees, Clinton was up next. Wasserman Schultz said there was “no finer role model as woman leaders” than Clinton, whom she clashed with in the closing days of the 2008 campaign.
Clinton said, “Debbie wears so many hats, so well. DNC chair, congressman, trusted friend, mom.”
What wasn't known at the time was that reports would later surface that Wasserman Schultz would be a no-show at a New York fundraiser with Clinton.
mini news: DWS will skip DNC fundraiser w/HClinton in NY tonight b/c she stayed for Obama WLF speech post this: http://t.co/IlyLCEQPsm
— Edward-Isaac Dovere (@IsaacDovere) September 19, 2014
More praise and publicly warm feelings were next up between Obama and Wasserman Schultz. But, naturally, the questions about her future were still hard to miss.
“I want to thank Debbie for the great work she is doing to keep our party strong,” Obama said. “Nobody anywhere works harder.”
The question is how long Wasserman Schultz will remain working at the DNC. Even putting the reports of tension aside, she has been at the helm for a tenure that is longer than many of her predecessors. Having started in 2011, her term is set to end in 2016, but it's hard to imagine her staying beyond the upcoming midterms.
A few sources at the event who are familiar with DNC staff and its inner workings noted that the big problem with the piece that surfaced wasn't the awkward timing (shortly before the women's event and weeks before the midterms), but rather the clear sense that people who are in her inner circle aired grievances in such a public way.
They also said they expected that Wasserman Schultz would continue to appear out on the stump. At least that will be less awkward than Friday.
Nia-Malika Henderson is a political reporter for The Fix.

No low tide for Modi  bypoll results mark defeat of BJP s hardcore wingprint
Every time the BJP comes to power in New Delhi, there is a battle for the heart and soul of the party all across India. It happened when AB Vajpayee was prime minister. And it is happening now that Narendra Modi heads the government. The best way to understand the recent by-election results is to view them from the perspective of the battle within the party.
This battle follows a pattern that is now familiar to us. A BJP prime minister takes office. The liberal establishment warns that his government will fundamentally transform the secular character of India. But the prime minister himself says or does very little that could be construed as anti-liberal or anti-secular. Instead, he sets himself up as a statesman eager to restore India’s standing in the rest of the world and holds summit meetings with foreign leaders. He focuses on the economy and tells Indians that we must learn to work as one. If you did not know his political background, you would think that the new prime minister was a mainstream political figure, seeking not to advance any ideological cause but to act in the best interests of India.
But while the prime minister is talking about lofty national objectives, party workers begin to get increasingly restive. They talk about the hard work they put into the campaign and about how the BJP would never have been elected but for their efforts. They point out that theirs is a party with an ideological centre. So, where is the Hindutva agenda? Why are Muslims not being recognised as the threat they are to Hindu society? Why has Article 370 not been removed? Why is there no common civil code? What about the Ram temple in Ayodhya? Why is nothing being done to protect Hindus from the evil machinations of Muslims? Why are Muslims being allowed to seduce Hindu girls at garba functions? Why is the government blind to the implications of love jihad? And so on.
The prime minister can never respond by simply shutting these people up because in one sense, at least, they are right. The BJP is the party of Hindutva. And these party workers did campaign extensively to ensure that the BJP came to power. So, most prime ministers deliver gentle taps on the knuckles in private but avoid making any public comments about this Hindutva agenda or the demands of their hardcore followers.
Throughout the life of any BJP government, the battle seesaws between the prime minister and his ideologically driven party workers. In Vajpayee’s time, his critics complained that he did nothing to restrain rabid BJP cadre in Orissa, Gujarat and many other states. And over the last few months, Narendra Modi has come under increasing attack for his refusal to at least distance himself from the more outrageous statements made by BJP and Sangh parivar activists.
The results make sense when you see them through this prism. The general election was fought on Modi’s agenda: Development and governance. These by-elections were fought on the issues that so obsess the party’s cadre: Hindutva, love jihad, and the so-called threat to Indian society from Muslims. The men chosen to lead the campaigns — people like Yogi Adityanath — came from the hardest core of the BJP. These were people who believed that Modi’s victory was the victory of Hindutva and that it was their duty to now push the Hindutva agenda to the next level. This was not just an ideological imperative. They genuinely believed that voters wanted more Hindutva and that a communal polarisation would lead to a further consolidation of the Hindu vote and, therefore, to massive majorities.
Well, we now have proof that they were completely wrong. In every single state, the BJP vote share has actually come down compared to what it was during the general election a few months ago. In Uttar Pradesh, the BJP has lost nearly 10% of its votes. In Rajasthan, it has lost around 11%. In Modi’s own Gujarat, it has lost 11.5%. In Assam, its share is down by 4.5% and even in West Bengal, which is being claimed as the party’s sole victory, the truth is that the BJP vote share has actually gone down compared to the parliamentary election by 0.6%.
Most political analysts have treated the by-elections as a battle between the BJP and other parties. But what if we look at it differently? This was also a war between Narendra Modi and the hardcore wing of the BJP. What these results suggest is that Modi has won and that the party’s more rabid members have been convincingly defeated.
How else can you explain why the same voters who supported the BJP so overwhelmingly and enthusiastically in the parliamentary elections have now voted against the BJP in every single state? The only difference between the BJP’s appeal a few months ago and its platform now is the nature of the agenda. The parliamentary election was fought on the development platform. The by-elections were fought on the basis of hardcore Hindutva and an anti-Muslim agenda. As these results show, development has won. The voters have convincingly rejected the communal platform.
In the months ahead, once the pundits have stopped pontificating about the end of the Modi wave, we will see how these results have actually strengthened Modi’s hand. Till the by-elections, he was still vulnerable to pressure from the hardcore that accused him of selling out to the mainstream and forgetting the Hindutva agenda that put him in Race Course Road.
But now, Modi has a perfect answer. He chooses the middle of the road not just because the Prime Minister of India cannot be a narrow sectarian but because this is what the country wants. It’s not just right: It is also electorally expedient. As for his party’s hardcore, they are still licking their wounds and whimpering. India has shown them that it wants progress, not hatred.
Views expressed by the author are personal

Pleasant morning  clear skies inDelhiPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 10:59 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 11:02 am
It was a pleasant, breezy morning with the minimum temperature settling at 26 degree Celsius, which was one notch above normal.
Weatherman has predicted no rains in the next few days and the temperature is likely to remain below 36 degree Celsius for next one week.
According to MeT department, humidity level was recorded at 62 per cent till 8.30 AM this morning.
“Today, there will be mainly clear sky and maximum temperature is expected to settle at 36 degree Celsius,” said an official of MeT department.
The official also said that city has not received any rain in the last 24 hours.
On Friday, the minimum temperature was recorded at 36.2 degree Celsius, two notches above normal while minimum was recorded 25.3 degree Celsius, which was one notch above normal.

India  China remain cautious despite warmthprint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets Chinese President Xi Jinping upon his arrival at a hotel in Ahmadabad. (PTI Photo)
Incursions cast a shadow over the visit of President Xi Jinping’s visit to India, but the joint statement issued on Friday reiterated their commitment to seek a "fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable solution". The two sides also said that ‘an early settlement of the boundary question’ ought to be ‘pursued as a strategic objective’.
Policymakers are grappling with the implications of the Xi’s visit. While some are underwhelmed, others point to the achievements. But all agree that border troubles dampened the mood.
And there were indeed positives. PM Narendra Modi and Xi got to know each other well. The entire edifice of the relationship rests on the 1988 breakthrough achieved by PM Rajiv Gandhi and Deng Xiaoping – the two countries would try to resolve the border issue, but they would not let its non-resolution hold other bilateral issues hostage. This has held, and the joint statement spoke of enhancing development partnership, political communication, economic dialogue, investment and trade, cultural and people to people exchanges.
But this has come under increasing strain as Chinese incursions have triggered public outcry. Indian officials are left wondering why Beijing acted the way it did at such a crucial moment, for the Chinese were understood to be heavily aligning their strategy towards India with prime minister’s economic agenda.
“What is really confusing is the timing of the incursions where soldiers intruded in large numbers. In Chinese scheme of things it’s not possible without the authorization at the higher political level”, said a government source, indicating they did not buy the theory of Chinese People’s Liberation Army acting autonomously.
SD Muni, professor emeritus at the Jawaharlal Nehru University, tweeted, “Modi’s Sabarmati charm and dhokla diplomacy do not seem to have really worked on Xi. No indications of a new beginning.” He pointed to a ‘delayed border settlement’, the USD 20 billion dollar investment commitment rather than USD 100 billion, and China’s ‘eyes on SAARC’ and called visit 'below expectations'.
The hope is this may lend some urgency and energy to border negotiations. PM Modi said ‘clarifying the LAC’ was important and this needed to be ‘restarted’; Xi stressed Chinese ‘determination’ to settle the boundary question. Commodore C Uday Bhaskar, a strategic analyst, says, “The political leadership is back in the saddle. Modi and XI bring political determination, and do not seem daunted by the scale and complexity of problems they have inherited.”
The joint statement for the third in row time missed, mention of one-China policy-- an affirmation by India of One-China principle, which recognises Tibet and Taiwan as part of China. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj’s recent formulation is that they expect China to support a One India policy – and respect its sensitivities on Arunachal Pradesh – in return for India’s support for one China policy.
There was another strategic subtext to the visit. Analysts like Bhaskar believe that more than the border, India’s real concern is to pre-empt another 26/11 situation. “Except Beijing, all world capitals accept Pakistan supports terrorist groups. I hope India has raised this privately with Beijing, and I would have liked to see some public reference to it.” But some officials believe that China sent a positive signal by not making Pakistan a part of the itinerary.
Xi decided instead to visit Sri Lanka and Maldives, and indicated the desire to deepen ties with the rest of South Asia. A retired intelligence official says, “We may not like it, but we can’t prevent it either. China will expand its influence here, as we will try do in its neighbourhood. Note Modi’s visit to Japan and President Pranab Mukherjee visit to Vietnam.”
The optics may have been warm and some achievements substantial, but the visit showed that there are difficult strategic issues at play, and both India and China remain cautious about going all the way with each other.

China wins first gold at Asian GamesChina wins first gold at Asian Games
PTI
Tweet
Incheon, Sept 20:  
China won the first gold medal in the 2014 Asian Games today when its women shooters — Olympic champions Guo Wenjun, Zhang Mengyuan and Zhou Qingyuan — clinched the 10m Air Pistol team title.
Hosts and defending champions South Korea, who were the pre-Games favourites, finished a poor fourth behind silver-medallists Taiwan and Mongolia.
Medal winners are decided by combining the qualification scores of each team member, a rule that ruined South Korea’s chances.
The home team’s Kim Jang-Mi and newly-crowned world champion Jung Jee-Hae took the first two positions in the qualifying round, but team-mate Oh Mink-Yung came in 28th.
The Chinese shot consistently with Guo, who won the 10m individual title at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics, finishing third, Zhang seventh and Zhou eighth.
The top eight shooters in the qualifying round will contest the individual final later Saturday.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Indian handball team loses opening matchIndian handball team loses opening match
PTI
Tweet
Incheon, Sept 20:  
The Indian handball team started its Asian Games campaign on a disappointing note, going down 20-39 to Chinese Taipei in its opening Group D match here today.
In a rather lopsided contest, the Indians were trailing 11-24 at the end of the first 30-minute period before losing the next period 9-15.
Mahesh Vijay was the top-scorer for the Indians, netting five goals in nine attempts, while Manpreet Singh Bassi, Vasu Binu and Avin Khatkar contributed three each.
For the Taipei team, Yi-Fan Chiu stole the limelight by converting eight of his nine shots at the goal. Hsien-Chang Chao scored five goals, while Hsin-Wei Huang and Hui-Hsiung Wang netted four each.
In total, Chinese Taipei had 61 shots at the goal, much higher than India’s 45 attempts. The Taipei team was also distinctly better in its defence, with its goalkeepers pulling off 19 saves.
The Indian goalkeepers, however, managed to keep out just nine of the 48 shots fired at them.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Ebola: UN-led team heads to LiberiaEbola: UN-led team heads to Liberia
PTI
Tweet
United Nations, Sept 20:  
A United Nations-led team is heading to Liberia to assess the response to the Ebola virus, while a senior UN health official said a vaccine could be ready by the end of this year.
The 15-person UN Disaster Assessment and Coordination (UNDAC) team comprises experts from the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), European Union and the Liberian Government.
“It is the first time that an UNDAC team had been deployed to deal with a disease outbreak,” said OCHA spokesperson Angelita Mendy. “Such teams are normally deployed in cases of natural disasters.”
UN mission for ebola emergency response
In an emergency meeting yesterday, the Security Council declared the outbreak a threat to peace and security and Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon had announced the establishment of the UN Mission for Ebola Emergency Response (UNMEER) to stop the outbreak, treat the infected, ensure essential services, preserve stability and prevent further outbreaks.
Ban said the mission will provide the operational framework and unity of purpose to ensure the rapid, effective and coherent action necessary to stop the outbreak, to treat the infected, to ensure essential services, to preserve stability and to prevent the spread to countries currently unaffected.
The UN chief has issued instructions that UNMEER advance teams deploy to the mission headquarters in Ghana and to Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone by September 22.
The UN General Assembly also unanimously adopted a resolution that would be fully supportive of the ongoing efforts to tackle the public health crisis and to send “strong message of unity and solidarity with the peoples of the affected countries’’.
The UN this week outlined a set of critical needs totalling almost $one billion over the next six months.
Several vaccine trials are now starting in Germany, Switzerland and the United States.
Liberia along with Guinea and Sierra Leone are the countries that have been hardest hit by the outbreak if the Ebola virus disease.
World Health Organization’s Pierre Formenty said the disease would not be controlled without the full cooperation of the people.
“The first priority is to put people infected with Ebola under care,” he said.
More than 2,500 people have died across West Africa, with more than half the fatalities recorded in Liberia, according to official figures.
“There is a good road map in place for vaccines,” Formenty said, adding that while adverse factors are being follow up on, “there are hopes to have something ready by the beginning of December’’.
The UN agency is working on increased the number of testing sites, with plans to have rapid testing spots outside of big Ebola treatment centres to quickly establish whether or not the patient has the virus.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Drunken hunter fights off Australian croc with an eye-pokeprint
A tipsy goose hunter said Saturday he lived to tell the tale of being attacked by a two-metre-long crocodile in northern Australia after poking the beast in the eye.
"We were shooting geese, my cousin-brother told me go and get the duck there," 20-year-old Stephen Moreen told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
"I got the first goose. The second one... the number three one, he grabbed me on my arm.
"[The croc did] the death roll. Lucky for me when (we) went underwater I saw him and poked his eye.
"He let go. Once he let go he ran for the bank.
"My cousin-brother shot him."
Moreen admitted he was "a little bit tipsy" and did not feel the pain when he was bitten on Friday evening near the remote community of Peppimenarti, 320 kilometres (195 miles) south-west of Darwin.
And he said he had some more beer while waiting for an ambulance to arrive.
"I wasn't too worried until I saw the scars," Moreen said. "It made me cry.
"I'm fine, I'm alive. It could have been bad. It could have got my leg. I was about waist deep (in water).
"I have a scratch on my back, the rest on my arm. He ripped out a bit of skin and left me with two to three holes."
Crocodiles are common in the tropical north where numbers have increased since the introduction of protection laws in 1971, with government estimates putting the population at 75,000-100,000.
Last month the authorities shot a crocodile believed to have eaten a 57-year-old fisherman on the Adelaide River in the north.
Also in August a 22-year-old man disappeared near a beach in the Northern Territory's Melville Island and was feared to have been taken by a crocodile.
In June, a crocodile snatched a man from his boat in the north's Kakadu national park, while in January a 12-year-old boy was killed by a crocodile in the same park.

Modi s US visit: The PM s full scheduleModi s US visit: The PM s full schedule
Bill Gates meets Narendra Modi  lauds focusBill Gates meets Narendra Modi  lauds focus
PM seeks report on first 100 days: reportsPM seeks report on first 100 days: reports
There was no violation of rules in grant of FIPB approval to Aircel-Maxis deal in 2006: ChidambaramThere was no violation of rules in grant of FIPB approval to Aircel-Maxis deal in 2006: Chidambaram
Forex reserves fall to $315.7 bn as of Sept 12Forex reserves fall to $315.7 bn as of Sept 12
Peace One Day With Akon Charity Broadcast on FilmOn Network s ETV.comPeace One Day With Akon Charity Broadcast on FilmOn Network s ETV.com
Meuse Kara & Sungrace Mafatlal to hold AGMMeuse Kara & Sungrace Mafatlal to hold AGM
Dear goldengoose thank you for your question on deccan mines.Reposted about 61 days 17 hrs 17 min 56 sec ago by Anu & Ani
Dear kardi1949
I have been investing in the stock markets for about 15 years.
Unlike the others who peddle cheap penny stocks, i am a seasoned veteran in the markets. Look at the date of my joining on MMB and you will understand .
There  are 2 perspectives of analysis
a) Analysis of the current state
b) Analysis of the future state
I don`t go into Step b) if the company fails my tests in Step a) itself. This is the case with trash stocks such as Tanla, Avance etc.
Let me ask you a simple question. You are an investor in Tech Mahindra. Would you have invested in that company if it has ZERO SALES GROWTH AND ZERO PROFIT GROWTH ? So when some 3rd class investor recommends a trash stock like Avance technologies, how can you classify that investor as being "practical".
Honestly I simply don`t understand your logic.

Kiranam bro let him go. . .ignore him. . everybdy has a right to post ...243 Followers
Dear friend kiranam
I don`t understand your logic. Are you trying to say that one should not invest based on Roe/Roce etc. You recommend that we invest based on hope and desire ?!!!
Sorry boss, i dont have anything to reply to people with this investment philosophy. This is gambling, not investing.
You have a basic misunderstanding of what the term "reserves" mean.
Reserves of Rs 600 crore does not mean that the company has Rs 600 crore in the bank !!!!! Please check any basic text book of accounting and you will understand what i mean :-)
IT is very easy for a company to show even Rs1000 crore of reserves without having even one rupee of cash equivalent in the bank.
1.06 PM Sep 20th

So what about Bollywood itself  DeepikaSo what about Bollywood itself, Deepika?
Abhishek Saha , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 16, 2014
First Published: 12:48 IST(16/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:16 IST(16/9/2014)
Comments
When actress Deepika Padukone tweeted, "Yes! I am a woman. I have breasts and a cleavage! You got a problem?" on Sunday afternoon, social media went on to hail her as the next-big-thing in women’s empowerment movement in the country.
Deepika Padukone in Happy New Year song 'Manwa Laage'
Bollywood celebrities, prominent media personalities, along with the aam aadmi spoke out in her favour and said ‘she has given it back nicely’ to the media organisation which tweeted a provocative picture of Deepika’s midriff  to promote a news item on her ‘cleavage show’.
Also read: We have to stand for Deepika, says SRK
Of course, that news item and the outrageously cheap intent with which that photograph was posted on social media are downright deplorable and repulsive. The actor’s bold response is commendable. But then, the entire hullabaloo over the actor’s outburst gives an impression that ‘journalists’ (if only the writer of that ‘news item’ could be called one) and ‘the media’ are the biggest villains as far as commodification of a woman’s body goes.
The media organisation acted on the principle that a post featuring Deepika and her cleavage would fetch them a good number of hits. But doesn’t Bollywood make use of the same formula to earn the easy buck? Isn’t because of this formula that in most Bollywood films an item number is thrust upon the script by all means?
Also read: I have breasts, you got problem? Deepika tweets reaction to 'news post'
The narrative of the notorious Tweet and Deepika’s revolutionary response completely undermines the fact that Bollywood itself, especially in a neo-liberalised India, has been the most evil vector for spreading the malaise of objectification of women. Bollywood films, except for the avant-garde ones, consistently sell sexually commoditised imagery of women’s bodies on the silver screen under the veil of entertainment. Thus we have the regular quota of skin show, item songs, ‘steamy sequences’, and what not. What comes in Western films because the plot needs it, comes in Bollywood as a ploy to lure the audience.
Cinema as a medium can never be the means of entertainment solely. And it’s unfortunate that in India, the Bollywood-equals-to-entertainment only concept has successfully drained away the potential of the industry to make meaningful films. And thus, when the likes of Anurag Kashyap or Hansal Mehta make different kinds of films we set them apart and call them ‘non-mainstream’.
Skin show titillates and it sells massively in this country. The brains behind Bollywood productions know that very well and accordingly make way for their profit-making. And Deepika and her friends, who have jumped on the wagon in her support, are very much a part of that industry. So, if Deepika Padukone really wants to speak out, she must take on larger issues at hand and retrospect on the industry she is a part of.
(The views expressed by the author are personal)

Assembly bypolls: BJP jolted in all  except BengalComments
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) suffered a major blow in a clutch of assembly by-elections on Tuesday, ceding ground even in its traditional strongholds barely four months after its spectacular Lok Sabha victory.
Rajasthan Congress president Sachin Pilot celebrates his party's victory in the bypolls at the party office in Jaipur on Tuesday. (PTI Photo)
The loss piles pressure on the BJP brass and party president Amit Shah to deliver in crucial assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana next month. It also hands a stronger bargaining chip to its allies, especially the Shiv Sena which is eyeing a larger share of seats and the chief minister’s post in Maharashtra.
The results signal a waning of the BJP’s tide. And while it also confirms that Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s appeal may broadly hold nationally, some of his party’s controversial, divisive strategies like the so-called ‘love jihad’ campaign may have backfired, especially in Uttar Pradesh where the elections were fought in the backdrop of shrill right-wing rhetoric.
The BJP’s biggest humiliation came from UP, where it lost seven seats to the Samajwadi Party. It even failed to win the prestigious Rohaniya seat which falls under Modi’s constituency, Varanasi, for its ally Apna Dal.
 
The reverses overshadowed the entry of the BJP’s first member in the West Bengal assembly in 15 years.
“The Modi government’s honeymoon period is over,” Congress general secretary Shakeel Ahmed said. “This is perhaps (the) first government whose anti-incumbency has begun within 100 days of coming to power. Alarm bells are ringing for the BJP. This is a good omen for secular forces that people have started rejecting them.”
The results help the Congress reinforce its position as a credible opposition. It breached the BJP strongholds without much help from its star campaigners, signalling that the party could do well if it groomed state leaders.
Hours after the results were out, Prime Minister Modi told a pre-scheduled party workers’ meeting, “The BJP’s specialty is the sincerity of its workers, their hard work and organisational strength.”
The BJP could retain just 13 of the 23 assembly seats it held earlier. The SP and Congress improved their tally by seven and five seats, respectively. In both Gujarat and Rajasthan, the BJP lost three assembly seats to the Congress. Mulayam Singh Yadav’s SP turned the tables on the BJP to win a surprising eight assembly seats in UP.
“The BJP leaders thought voters were in their pockets. This is an eye-opener for the BJP government,” said Congress’ Rajasthan unit chief Sachin Pilot.
In the BJP camp, there was a call for introspection. “State workers and leaders need to introspect on this,” said union minister Uma Bharti.
“The reasons behind the defeat will be reviewed. It has given us a lesson for the Vidhan Sabha polls,” said UP BJP president Laxmi Kant Bajpai.
By-elections were also held for three Lok Sabha seats — Mainpuri in Uttar Pradesh, Vadodara in Gujarat, which had been vacated by Modi, and Medak in Telangana.
 
The BJP won the Vadodara seat while the SP won in Mainpuri. The Telangana Rashtra Samithi won the Medak seat. In Vadodara, the winning margin slipped to 3.29 lakh votes from Modi’s 5.7 lakh votes.
The saffron brigade won one assembly seat in Assam. The CPI(M) lost one more seat in West Bengal but won a seat in Tripura.

Australia uncovers plot to launch Mumbai-style terror attack on ParliamentPrint
Press Trust of India | Canberra | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:19 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 12:24 pm
Australia’s intelligence agencies have uncovered a plot by the Islamic State militants to launch a “Mumbai-style” terror attack on the parliament with Prime Minister Tony Abbott and other top officials being the prime targets.
Armed Federal Police officers have been deployed inside parliament here after fresh information emerged that suspected terrorists were planning an attack on the highest office.
“There will be armed federal police in and around our national parliament at all times,” Prime Minister Abbott told a press conference.
“Earlier this month I was advised of chatter among these terrorist networks of a potential attack on government, government people, parliament house,” he said.
He said he ordered an urgent security review in response which recommended tighter measures at parliament.
“I am concerned for the safety of the Australian people. It’s not about me… it’s about the safety of the Australian people,” he added.
The Daily Telegraph newspaper quoted intelligence sources as saying that “chatter” about parliament had been intercepted and they now held fears the building had already been “scoped out” for pre-planning of a “Mumbai-style” attack.
The chatter, intercepted by spy, police and counter- terrorism agencies, revealed talk about access to parliament.
Senior security sources have identified the most vulnerable entry point to the parliament was the entrance to the ministerial wing, which could be infiltrated by “taking out” two unarmed parliamentary security officers who represent the only sentry point to prevent instant access to the Prime Minister’s own courtyard.
From there a potential terrorist would have a direct line of sight into the Prime Minister’s office, the sources said.
The Federal Police was removed from the parliamentary security committee under the previous government in March last year, with the Department of Parliamentary Services taking over security at the building entrances.
“What we are concerned about is that there are thousands of people in that building including not only staff but MPs and members of the general public who visit on a daily basis,” an intelligence source said.
It is not yet established whether the plot is linked to the suspects netted in yesterday’s dramatic pre-dawn raids in Sydney and Brisbane in which a sinister plan by Islamic State jihadists to carry out public beheadings and circulate gruesome videos was uncovered, the report said.
Operatives of the Lashkar-e-Taiba carried out the attacks in Mumbai that killed 166 people in November, 2008.
I am concerned for the safety of the Australian people. It's not about me... it's about the safety of the Australian people.

Sea ice rises in Antarctic  falls in ArcticUpdated: September 18, 2014 23:06 IST
Sea ice rises in Antarctic, falls in Arctic
Adam Vaughan
Changing wind patterns could be a reason for the expanding Antarctic sea ice. File photo: Reuters
TOPICS
environmental issues
However, Arctic ice has shrunk to its sixth lowest level ever
The extent of sea ice in Antarctica is set to reach a record high, scientists said on Tuesday, as they announced that Arctic sea ice appeared to have shrunk to its sixth lowest level ever.
The National Ice and Snow Data Centre (NSIDC) said satellite data was expected to shortly confirm this. “Antarctic sea ice is poised to set a record maximum this year, now at 19.7 million sq km (7.6m sq m) and continuing to increase,” the centre, considered one of the world’s top authorities on sea ice data, said in a statement.
Jan Lieser, of the Antarctic Climate and Ecosystems Co-operative Research Centre (CRC), told Australia’s ABC News that: “This is an area covered by sea ice which we’ve never seen from space before.”
Puzzling question
The conundrum of why Antarctic sea ice appears to be expanding as the Arctic decreases had puzzled polar observers, but scientists have suggested that the reason Antarctic ice extent appears to be increasing is changing wind patterns.
Figures released by the NSIDC in Boulder, Colorado, show that the so-called Arctic sea ice minimum — the point where the extent of sea ice there is at its lowest after the summer, before it begins to refreeze for winter — is expected to be confirmed imminently and would be millions of square kilometres below the long-term average.
At 5.09 m sq km, the extent of Arctic sea ice this year would be the sixth lowest on record, slightly worse than last year, though not as extreme as the record set in 2012 when it plunged to less than 3.5 million square kilometres.
However, the centre noted that there had been a particularly strong retreat of sea ice in the Laptev Sea and although the reasons for that were not yet clear, sea temperatures there had been up to 5C higher than average.
The amount of sea ice cover in the Arctic has been showing a long-term decline as climate change takes hold, with temperatures rising more rapidly in the Arctic than the rest of the planet. — © Guardian Newspapers Limited, 2014

Pakistan court to try PM Nawaz Sharif  Musharraf  others for money launderingPress Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: September 19, 2014 6:52 pm
A Pakistani court on Friday started ex-parte proceedings against 61 politicians, including Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, his brother Shahbaz Sharif and former president Gen Pervez Musharraf, in a case against alleged illegal transfer of assets to foreign countries.
Barrister Javed Iqbal Jafri had filed the petition against a total of 64 politicians a few months ago alleging they had transferred at least USD 300,000 million abroad through money laundering, causing a huge loss to the national exchequer.
Lahore High Court Justice Ameenuddin observed that since the respondents had not filed their reply despite the court order, an ex-parte proceeding would be launched against them.
The court also issued notices to the federal and Punjab governments and the Federal Investigative Agency in this regard. The court adjourned the proceedings till September 29.
The petitioner said these politicians despite court order had not yet submitted their affidavits regarding alleged money laundering. He said Pakistan would have no need to get foreign loans if assets of the politicians were brought back to return the international loan of the country.
He asked the court to issue directions to the politicians to bring back their assets. Only PPP Senator Aitzaz Ahsan and his wife filed a reply and former premier Yousuf Raza Gilani received a notice in this regard.
Other prominent politicians among the respondents are Imran’s wife Jemima Gold Smith Khan, former premier Yousaf Raza Gillani, Nawaz Sharif’s wife Kalsoom Nawaz and his son Hassan Nawaz, Interior Minister Nisar Ali Khan.
PTI Vice-Chairman Shah Mahmood Qureshi, Pervaz Elahi, Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain, former interior minister Rehman Malik, Maulana Fazl-ur-Rehman 21, Zardari’s son Bilawal Bhutto.

Will you report child sexual abuseEYE BROWSE
Should you blow the whistle on child sexual abuse?
According to the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act, which was passed in 2012, any person who knows of an instance of child sexual abuse must report it to the police, and can face punitive action for not doing so. While this has been welcomed as a vital step towards addressing the problem of child sexual abuse, recent research shows that compulsory reporting may have complications of its own.
By Shreya Sen | Grist Media –  Fri 19 Sep, 2014
" Project whistle " by Holly Occhipinti via CC BY 2.0 .
One day, as you’re playing with your best friend’s son, a child you’ve known since he was a mere tadpole in your friend’s belly, you notice something’s wrong. The normally hyperactive boy is listless and withdrawn, and won’t respond when you ask him what’s wrong. When you next see him, he’s the same, but this time when no one’s around he tells you something you aren’t prepared for: a member of his family has been touching him inappropriately. You know you have to do something, but what that is is still unclear: do you betray his confidence and tell his parents? Should you attempt to make sure he has access to a counselor and therapy? Or do you pick the uneasy, but possibly necessary, option of going to the police? You ask a lawyer friend about your options and learn that, by law, you are expected to report the incident to the police or risk punitive action.
In 2012, the Indian government passed the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act – an important legal document welcomed by activists as an important step in directing social and judicial focus towards the issue of child sexual abuse. But the one clause in the Act that remains a controversial topic is that of having mandatory reporting of child abuse. As the POCSO Act is the most significant piece of jurisdiction passed in prevention of child sexual abuse, it is important to view this clause and its impact through a critical lens.
Section 19 of the Act requires that an offence under the Act – or the apprehension that an offense under the Act is likely to be committed – be reported to a Special Juvenile Police Unit or the local police. Section 21 of the Act makes the failure to report or record such a case punishable by six months imprisonment or a fine, or both. Although this does not apply to children, the responsibility falls to anyone a child may have confided in or knows that a child may have been sexually abused – whether they’re a social worker, a teacher, a neighbor, a family friend, or a neighbor.
The concept of mandatory reporting originated in the USA, and the first laws on the subject were drafted in 1963. The USA has evolved a strong and well-established culture of mandated reporting (albeit amidst controversy), and it has become an important feature in the child abuse laws of that country. In a way, mandatory reporting facilitates the early reporting of child abuse, and sends a strong message that abuse is not acceptable. However, the act of reporting is a very personal one, and the feelings of the survivor as well as the ethical dilemma of the person reporting the abuse are at its core.
I work for an organization that works towards capacity building and consciousness raising about the issue of child sexual abuse. We felt that since the primary benefactors of our work and of the POCSO Act are survivors of sexual abuse, the most important way of assessing the possible impact of mandatory reporting was to ask them how they felt about it.
Around six months ago, we set about interviewing adult survivors of child sexual abuse – having coped with the trauma of abuse as children, they were perhaps more able to make sense of the abuse and its impact in hindsight, and more able to express their feelings about it with some distance. We used an online form with a qualitative, open-ended set of questions, and called for interviews by posting on relevant discussion forums on various social media platforms. Of course it meant that this restricted the sample group to only people affluent and educated enough to access social media forums and respond to a questionnaire in English. But we felt it gave people the choice and autonomy to come forward to answer these questions, if they felt ready for it, rather than seeking out survivors for personal interviews. We took no personal details, ensuring complete anonymity, and provided our respondents with helplines if they experienced triggers or required counseling. Of our 64 participants, two identified as male and 62 as female.
The results, when they came in, were eye-opening. Twenty-four of the participants – 37.5 percent – said that they agreed that reporting sexual abuse of children should be mandatory, but the remaining 40 stated that they were uncomfortable with the idea.
Of the other findings of our survey, three trends were extremely significant. First, we found that most of the respondents of the survey were not able to disclose the abuse to anyone during the abuse or soon after the abuse. The fear of being stigmatized or experiencing a backlash was particularly strong. Most survivors took time to make sense of what had happened, to find the words to describe the event and to work up the courage to talk to someone about it. Guilt and shame were two significant obstructions to disclosure – while these were apparent in almost all of the respondents’ narratives, eight of the respondents said they were sure the abuse was their fault. Some of the respondents didn’t feel like they had access to a support system, and didn’t believe they could get help even if they asked for it. Others were in denial about what had happened, or had repressed the memories of abuse. If the abuser shared a close relationship with the respondent, or had threatened them, this played a role in their decision to talk about the abuse.
Second, the reactions received after talking about the abuse for the first time had a major impact on the survivors’ healing processes. On a personal level, children reporting abuse have to revisit the trauma and deal with the consequences of their revelations. Only 17 respondents received unambiguous, positive and supportive responses upon disclosure. Some reported that their parents hadn’t done enough to make them feel believed or safe, and others said their complaints were brushed aside. One of the respondents wrote: “I assumed they [my parents] would protect me from it. They brushed it off by explaining how I was misunderstanding what was happening, and it was nothing serious. The reaction made me feel desperate and helpless. I had no more hope from anyone else.” The responses the survivors had received after speaking about their abuse had influenced they way they felt about their abusers and themselves.
The main reason that respondents supported mandatory reporting seemed to primarily be to reclaim control by shifting the blame on to the abuser, when it had been projected on to them instead by a culture of victim-blaming. They also seemed to feel that mandatory reporting would put the onus of ensuring justice for the survivor on the responsible adult stakeholders. A vital aspect for several participants was that even if the adults they confided in did not believe the child or were dismissive of the child’s disclosure, they would have to, by law, report the abuser. They also believed that mandatory reporting would make adults primarily responsible for holding the perpetrator accountable. If children were scared to take action, adults would be forced to do it on their behalf.
But the third aspect of the findings we found noteworthy was that every single one of the respondents, even those who supported mandatory reporting, said they didn’t want the police to be the first level of intervention in cases of child sexual abuse. Most participants described their social environments as being “patriarchal”, “misogynistic” or “insensitive”, and were wary of the stigma and blame that they would have to deal with if their abuse was exposed. For some others, it was more important to move on and focus on healing themselves rather than putting their abusers behind bars.
A Human Rights Watch report titled ‘Breaking the Silence: Child Sexual Abuse in India’ published in 2013 documented cases of child sexual abuse in India in various contexts. The way the justice system functions is a key deterrent to the reporting of abuse, according to the report, which says many survivors who do report abuse are “mistreated a second time by a criminal justice system that often does not want to hear or believe their accounts or take serious action against the perpetrators.” The report also establishes that most police officers lack the skill, training and sensitivity to handle cases of sexual violence.
Interestingly, all participants in our survey stated categorically that if a child disclosed a case of ongoing or past abuse to them, they would not report the abuse without the child’s consent. Most said they would consider reporting the abuse if that was the only way to stop it, but it would be a last resort, only after other forms of help, such as including the family, contacting NGOs and talking to therapists had failed. One respondent said: “If a child reported abuse to me, my immediate instinctive response would be to look for at least one adult in its proximity a) to whom it may be comfortable talking about it b) who would have an active hand in altering the circumstances under which the child faces abuse […] I would want to report it to the police and thereby make it public only after ascertaining the child had enough of a distance and dissociation from it. If that distance isn’t possible, at the cost of the abuser probably staying at large, I wouldn’t be too easy about reporting charges. What followed would probably scar the child equally if not more than the abuse.”
This may largely have to do with perceptions: in most cases, the respondents were not speaking about dealing with the police from personal experience. It’s clear that there’s plenty of work to be done not just to sensitize police, but also to spread awareness about the training police undergo and the work they do to aid survivors. The POCSO Act does provide for child-friendly investigations, but the lack of awareness about the conditions of the Act and fear of the police system is a clear deterrent to reporting.
There’s also the legal process to worry about: the gamut of lawyers, interrogations and court appearances that can easily traumatize survivors. One of the respondents wrote about how her parents went to register a complaint upon her disclosure and how she was made to identify her abuser from amongst a number of suspects. She recalled how she was not only petrified at having to see her abuser again, but she was also dealing with extreme anxiety at the possibility of identifying the wrong person and getting him arrested.
From the narratives of our respondents, the understanding that each case of abuse takes place in its own specific context was re-affirmed. Reporting abuse cannot be made mandatory as a blanket law without taking into account these specificities. The decision to report is contextual and almost entirely based on the environment, both immediate and social, of the survivor. Our approach has to extend to a more holistic and targeted approach towards prevention and intervention – legal action is not enough. Police, doctors, teachers, parents and other responsible stakeholders, need to be sensitized. Safety education programs need to be conducted for children, and alongside the law, there has to be a greater emphasis on therapeutic intervention with survivors and their trusted adults.
Mandatory reporting of sexual abuse shouldn’t prevent survivors from seeking help, and it shouldn’t make it difficult for them to disclose their abuse to a trusted adult. In the end, it’s important to remember that the focus must be on the child and what is best for them.
Shreya Sen works as a researcher with Arpan, an NGO that works towards the prevention of child sexual abuse through training and capacity building and providing therapeutic intervention for survivors. This article is part of their research on how survivors of child sexual abuse perceive mandatory reporting.
Recommend

After BJP MLAs call for ban on Muslim men in garbas  orders go out: no ID cards  no entryHome
Miscellaneous
After BJP MLA’s call for ban on Muslim men in garbas, orders go out: no ID cards, no entry
Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Published:  Sep 20 2014, 08:53  IST
Sep 20 2014, 08:53  IST
 

State-owned NBCC emerges as new player in housing mkt  promises on-time deliveryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Some consumers say Apple Inc is losing its  cool  factor  becoming less  originalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Acer launches 6 new E Series laptops starting at Rs 20 999E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

200 armed militants waiting across LoC to infiltrate  but security grid in place to neutralise them:ArmyPress Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 20, 2014 11:24 am
Around 200 heavily armed militants were waiting across the Line of Control (LoC) to infiltrate into the Indian side even as the security forces foiled several attempts by the ultras to sneak into Kashmir Valley following the recent floods.
“There are around 200 heavily armed terrorists across the Line of Control waiting to infiltrate into the Kashmir Valley,” said Lt Gen Subrata Saha, the General Officer Commanding of Srinagar-based 15 Corps.
He said that infiltrators from across the border tried to take advantage of the recent floods in the Kashmir Valley, but the army foiled their attempts.
He said that around 200 militants were still active in the entire Valley and the security grid of the army was in place to “neutralise” them.
“Even though we too suffered damage in the recent floods as more than 50 per cent of the cantonment area was inundated but we never allowed the security grid to weaken,” he said.
Saha said that it was because of the ‘robust’ counter terrorism and counter insurgency grid in place that dreaded foreign militant Umar Bhat was recently killed in the Rajwar forest area of the Kupwara district.
Lt Gen Saha said that in the past ten days, several-cross border infiltration attempts were made, but the army foiled them in which five infiltrators were gunned down.
“Three infiltrators were killed in the Keran Sector and two were killed in the Machil sector in the last ten days,” Lt Gen Saha said.
Jammu and Kashmir has been hit by the worst-ever floods which have wreaked havoc in several districts and left 280 people dead.
Terming as “baseless” the allegations by “anti social elements” that priority was given to the VVIP’s and outsiders during the rescue operations undertaken by the army after the floods hit Srinagar city , Lt Gen Saha said, “There was no way we could have distinguished an outsider or a local. Our priority was to save maximum number of human lives.
“We had to first save the people who were caught in the farthest points. We adopted a logical sequence of evacuation and first helped the people who were at a greater risk.”
He said that people involved in stone pelting on soldiers deployed in the relief and rescue operations had come from the unaffected areas to create trouble.
“The people who were marooned in the floods wanted to be saved and we saved them. The people who pelted stones on the army personnel deployed in the rescue operations were the ones who had come to create mischief from the area that were the least affected with the floods,” he said.
Lt Gen Saha said, that the ammunition depots were not affected by the recent floods, but “some relocation had to be made”.

Alibaba shares surge 40% on first day of tradingYou are here: Home > Collections
Alibaba debuts with a bang on Wall Street, stock lists at $92.70/share
Agencies Sep 20, 2014, 01.19AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba Group Holding Inc
(Alibaba Group Holding's…)
NEW YORK: Alibaba Group Holding's shares surged by more than 40% on their first day of trading on Friday as investors jumped in to buy what looks likely to be the largest IPO in history.
More than two hours after trading began at the New York Stock Exchange, the stock opened at $92.70 and rose from there, hitting a high of $99.70 in active trading, during which more than 100 million shares change hands in composite trading in the first 10 minutes of trading.
Its spectacular debut ensured that Alibaba comfortably surpassed Facebook by market capitalisation on its first trade as a public company for a valuation of more than $200 billion. The Chinese ecommerce company now trails only Google, Apple and Microsoft Corp in size among UStraded technology companies. "This is by far the biggest IPO event-extravaganza that we've had," said a trader.
The pricing on Thursday initially raised $21.8 billion for Alibaba. Scott Cutler, head of the New York Stock Exchange's global listing business, said underwriters would exercise their option for an additional 48 million shares, to bring the IPO's size to about $25 billion, making it the largest IPO in history.
The sale values the company at about $168 billion, more than American icons such as Walt Disney and Coca-Cola. Should the stock close at $98 on its first day, it would be worth about $241 billion, nearly the value of Walmart Stores.
Jack Ma, a former English teacher, founded Alibaba in 1999 in his apartment. His personal fortune is more than $14 billion on paper, vaulting him into the ranks of such tech billionaires as Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos. The deal is also expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of the company's managers, software engineers and other staff. The rise in the stock exceeds the average gain by new IPOs on US exchanges of late. In the second quarter, the average first-day gain was 9.2%, according to Renaissance Capital IPO Intelligence.
Underwriters usually aim for a gain of 10-15% on the first day. Demand was intense among the retail investor crowd as well. JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at retail brokerage TD Ameritrade Holding Corp, said the company received customer orders amounting to about 70% of what it saw for Facebook, and about three times the customer orders it had for Twitter's IPO.
With underwriters electing to sell more shares, the company's IPO becomes the largest in history, surpassing Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's $22.1 billion listing in 2010.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Young Indian architect named leader of tomorrow byTimePress Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 20, 2014 11:56 am
A 28-year-old Indian architect has been named “young leader of tomorrow” by Time magazine for his pioneering work in designing affordable flood-proof houses for slum dwellers.
Alok Shetty is among “leaders of tomorrow” who are “working hard to change their worlds on Saturday,” Time said as it named six inspirational young persons in its first class of “next generation leaders”.
Time said Shetty is “building hope in India” as an architect who is “finding simple solutions to complex problems.”
Shetty, working with the Bangalore-based nonprofit Parinaam Foundation, is designing homes for hundreds of slum dwellers whose makeshift houses flood during the heavy rains and become breeding grounds for diseases like malaria.
He has been working in Bangalore’s LRDE slum, which lies next to one of the southern Indian city’s sprawling technology parks and is home to some 2,000 people.
Shetty, who studied Master’s in architecture at Columbia University, “came at the problem with an approach he brings to all of his projects — marrying smart design with a commitment to sustainability.”
He designed flood-proof houses, costing USD 300, out of discarded scaffolding, bamboo and wood. The houses are affordable and easy to set up as it takes only four hours to erect and dismantle them.
Shetty is seeking government subsidies to bring the price down further for those who cannot afford the units.
“Shetty epitomizes a growing breed of young leaders and entrepreneurs in India who are committed to finding solutions for a country undergoing rapid social and economic changes, some of which can leave India’s poorest straggling behind,” Time said.
Another venture by is a plan to boost access to healthcare and education in remote communities.
“In my travels I saw vast stretches of rural India where infrastructure for health care and education was severely underdeveloped,” he says in the Time report.
“Building facilities in these areas is not impossible but it is time-consuming. Adaptive architecture…can be an extremely effective solution to help address our developmental problems,” he said, adding that “often the simplest solutions are the best solutions.”
The list also includes Israeli social entrepreneur Adi Altschuler (27), China’s Zhao Bowen (22) who is working on improving medical testing and activist Ikram Ben Said (34) who founded ‘Aswat Nissa’ in Tunisia that is dedicated to women’s rights and the first to involve Tunisian women politicians.
Online music video mogul Jamal Edwards (24) is building an online music video empire and giving other entrepreneurs a helping hand while British-Nigerian Ola Orekunrin (28) is the founder and managing director of Flying Doctors Nigeria, the first emergency air ambulance service in the country.

Udayakumar will be remembered for his all-round skillsUpdated: September 20, 2014 12:14 IST
Udayakumar will be remembered for his all-round skills
A. Vinod
Tweet
The Hindu K. Udayakumar, former captain of the Indian volleyball team, had been serving as Aide-de- Camp for Governors since 2006. Photo: Special Arrangement
His outwardly genial approach often disguised the fire in his belly to excel, both in attack and in defence.
Arjuna award winner and former Indian volleyball captain, K. Udayakumar, who passed away here on Friday, is certain to be remembered for his remarkable all-round skills.
He was, for sure, one of a kind, who motivated his colleagues to put their best foot forward.
His outwardly genial approach often disguised the fire in his belly to excel, both in attack and in defence.
Given his height, he was a fine spiker who used his brain instead of brawn to conquer rival defences at the net, but it was his mastery in defence that proved vital to India’s bronze medal win at the 1986 Asian Games in Seoul.
Paired with Sandeep Singh, Udayakumar was the fulcrum of the Indian defence right through that tournament, blocking rival attacks with ease and setting his side on the path to the semfinals, and then later in the third-place play-off against Japan.
The duo’s performance was in fact what also helped skipper Cyril C. Valloor and Jimmy George to unleash their power at the net, and Abdul Basith from midcourt. That was India’s finest hour in international volleyball.
Hailing from Mararikulam, a rather remote village in Alappuzha district, Udayakumar had picked up his skills from St. Michael’s College, Cherthala, after joining the institution as a pre-degree student.
It did not take him much time to gain the attention of the State junior team selectors before being picked into the Indian junior team for the 1980 Asian junior championships in Seoul along with State team-mate P.S. Abdul Razak.
The following year, the duo represented the country in the World youth championships in Colorado Springs, USA, and were soon promoted to the senior ranks as India hosted the IX Asian Games at New Delhi in 1982.
In the course of his career, Udayakumar also played in three Asian senior championships: 1983 (Tokyo), 1987 (Kuwait) and 1980 (Seoul), and in an equal number of South Asian Federation Games.
In 1989, he captained the team to a silver medal at the SAF Games.
At the club level, Udayakumar had brief stints with the Kerala State Electricity Board, Titanium and Railways before joining Kerala Police in 1986. In between, he also played for a club in Qatar as a professional.
Always approachable, the ever-smiling Udayakumar was a true friend to all those who had the opportunity to get to know him closely.
But inwardly, at least of late, he was not a happy person, with the way in which the game was administered in Kerala.
When pressed on several occasions, he used to shy away from saying anything. “I will definitely speak out when the time is ripe,” he used to say.
Alas, now we will never hear from him.

Dos and don ts: 5 ways to protect yourself from data breaches27
1
New York: Data breaches at retailers aren't going away but there are ways consumers can protect themselves from future heists of their payment card information.
Home Depot said Thursday that malicious software lurking in its check-out terminals between April and September affected 56 million debit and credit cards that customers swiped at its stores. Target, Michaels and Neiman Marcus have also been attacked by hackers in the past year.
More breaches are likely. The Department of Homeland Security Department warned last month that more than 1,000 retailers could have malware in their cash-register computers.
Data breaches at retailers aren't going away but there are ways consumers can protect themselves from future heists of their payment card information.
Here are five ways to protect yourself:
1. Consider another way to pay
Try newer ways to pay, such as PayPal or Apple Pay. "Any technology that avoids you having your credit card in your hand in a store is safer," says Craig Young, security researcher for software maker Tripwire. Those services store your credit card information and it's not given to the retailer when you make a payment.
Many big retailers, including Home Depot, accept PayPal at their stores, but many others don't. Apple Pay, which was only introduced this month, has even more limitations: It is available in just a small number of stores so far and only people with an iPhone 6 can use it.
Stored-value cards or apps, such as the ones used at coffee chains Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts, are also a safer bet, says Gartner security analyst Avivah Litan. That's because they don't expose credit card information at the register.
2. Sign it, don't pin it
If you're planning on paying with a debit card, sign for your purchase instead of typing in your personal identification number at the cash register. You can do this by asking the cashier to process the card as a credit card or select credit card on the display. Not entering you PIN into a keypad will help reduce the chances of a hacker stealing that number too, Young says.
Crooks can do more damage with your PIN, possibly printing a copy of the card and taking money out of an ATM, he says. During Target's breach last year, the discount retailer said hackers gained access to customers' PINs. Home Depot, however, said there was no indication that PINs were compromised in the breach at its stores.
3. Beware of email scammers
After big data breaches are exposed, and get a lot of media attention, scammers come out of the woodwork looking to steal personal information. Some emails may mention Home Depot or offer free credit monitoring, but you should never click on the links. Many are for fake sites that try to steal bank information or passwords. "Avoid these entirely," Young says. If an email looks credible, go to Home Depot's site directly instead of clicking on links.
4. Keep up with statements
Scan credit card statements every month for any unauthorised charges. And keep an eye out for smaller charges. Thieves will charge smaller amounts to test to see if you notice and then charge a larger amount later, Litan says. They may also steal a small amount from millions of accounts, scoring a big payday, she says.
And check your credit report for any accounts that crooks may have opened in your name. Credit reports are available for free, from each of the three national credit reporting agencies - Equifax, Experian and TransUnion - every 12 months from AnnualCreditReport.com. Home Depot is also offering free credit monitoring and identity protection services to customers. Customers can go to the company's website for more information or call them at 800-466-3337.
5. Go old school
Use cash. When possible, the safest bet is to not swipe a card at all. Even if security gets stronger at stores, hackers are likely to figure out a way around it. "It's always a cat and mouse game," Young says.
4

Apple is losing its  cool  factor: Consumers22
2
San Francisco: Holly Riggle, a 29-year-old white-collar worker from Ohio, is just the kind of everyday customer Apple would love to have for its new iPhone 6, which launches Friday.
But Riggle is sticking to her Android smartphone, calling Apple less "original" than it was under former chief executive Steve Jobs. She's one of the 16 per cent of respondents in a Reuters/Ipsos poll who said Apple had become somewhat or much less cool in the last two years.
By comparison, some 11 per cent of respondents said that Android had lost some sheen in the same timeframe. In a similar poll a year ago, 14.3 per cent of 1,379 people surveyed thought Apple had lost its cool image between 2011 and 2012.
More Americans feel that Apple has lost its "coolness" quotient than has the Android brand, according to a poll.
#apple #iphone 6 #iphone 6 plus #apple iphone
While still a juggernaut, with analysts expecting sales of around 9 million iPhone 6s in its launch weekend, Apple may be losing some of its shine, according to the poll.
More Americans feel that Apple has lost its "coolness" quotient than has the Android brand, according to the poll, conducted September 8-13.
When questioned on how they perceive five popular technology brands - Apple, Android, Microsoft, Dell and Hewlett-Packard - respondents gave the highest coolness factor rating to the Android brand, which includes devices such as Samsung and others that run on Google's mobile operating software.
About 50 per cent said that in the last one to two years, the Android brand had grown cooler, compared with 48 per cent who voted for Apple.
Although the poll is based on a limited sample, it reflects how Android products, which tend to be less expensive, have caused Apple to shed some of its buzz.
"Especially when you have competitors who are doing a lot of innovative things themselves and great advertising, it's not surprising that Apple doesn't have the same cachet and coolness that it once did," said Kevin Lane Keller, a branding expert and professor at Dartmouth's Tuck School of Business.
The mobile phone wars have become a lot like politics, with battling Democrats and Republicans, said Rob Janoff, the designer of the Apple logo and an independent branding and design expert based in Chicago.
"You can't carry that magic forever," Janoff said, but that does not mean consumers should dismiss mature brands. "I think people have to accept that companies that are out there, they age."
Last year when it launched its previous version of the iPhone, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5Ss and 5Cs in the first three days in stores. But drawing a comparison with the iPhone 6 is tricky as sales are based on availability, and Apple has not shared comparable details.
Also, this time the iPhone is not launching in China on Friday, unlike last time, Shannon Cross, an analyst with Cross Research, explained.
Many customers will need to wait until next month for their new iPhones after Apple logged a record 4 million first-day pre-orders, double the number for the iPhone 5 two years ago.
Errand-service TaskRabbit said more than 500 people in the United States and London have hired individuals at $25 an hour to stand in line at Apple stores to grab the new iPhone, up 43 percent from requests during the iPhone 5 launch two year ago.
Apple's iPhone is "easily broken and expensive to fix," said Jim Jackson, a 55-year old from Phoenixville, Pennsylvania, who participated in the survey.
"Apple is following Samsung at this point in terms of design," Jackson added. "A couple of years ago they were making fun of Samsung because Samsung grew big and now they've gone big," he said, referring to the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6-Plus that will hit store shelves on Friday.
That was the only area where Riggle saw innovation at Apple.
"The only new idea they've come up with is that they're adjusting the size of their products," she said.
32

Aegis Logistics will sell 40% stake in its Singapore subsidiarySep 20, 2014, 12.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Aegis Logistics will sell 40% stake in its Singapore subsidiary
Aegis Logistics will sell 1 40 percent stake in its Singapore based wholly owned subsidiary, Aegis Group International Pte to ITOCHU Petroleum Co. (Singapore) Pte for a total consideration of USD 5.85 million.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Aegis Logistics will sell 40% stake in its Singapore subsidiary
Aegis Logistics will sell 1 40 percent stake in its Singapore based wholly owned subsidiary, Aegis Group International Pte to ITOCHU Petroleum Co. (Singapore) Pte for a total consideration of USD 5.85 million.
Post your opinion here
 
Aegis Logistics Ltd has informed BSE regarding Investor Release dated September 19, 2014 titled "Aegis to enter into a Joint Venture for its Singapore based LPG Sourcing and Supply Business with ITOCHU Petroleum Co., (Singapore) Pte Ltd".Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Dena Bank: Updates on appointment of workmen employee directorSep 20, 2014, 11.54 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dena Bank: Updates on appointment of workmen employee director
The Central Government vide notification dated September 19, 2014 have nominated Shri Bankim R. Desai, Single Window Operator B, Dena Bank as Workmen Employee Director on the Board of Directors of Dena Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dena Bank: Updates on appointment of workmen employee director
The Central Government vide notification dated September 19, 2014 have nominated Shri Bankim R. Desai, Single Window Operator B, Dena Bank as Workmen Employee Director on the Board of Directors of Dena Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
Dena Bank has informed BSE that in exercise of the powers conferred by clause (e) of Sub-section 3 of Section 9 of The Banking Companies (Acquisition and Transfer of Undertakings) Act, 1970 / 1980 read with Sub-clause (1) & (2) of Clause 9 of The Nationalised Banks (Management and Miscellaneous Provisions) Scheme, 1970/ 1980, the Central Government vide notification dated September 19, 2014 have nominated Shri Bankim R. Desai, Single Window Operator “B”, Dena Bank as Workmen Employee Director on the Board of Directors of the Bank, for a period of three years from the date of notification of his appointment or until he ceases to be a Workmen Employee of the Bank or until further orders, whichever is the earliest.Source : BSE

GMR Infrastructure files Draft Letter of Offer with SEBI for right issueSep 20, 2014, 11.52 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GMR Infrastructure files Draft Letter of Offer with SEBI for right issue
GMR Infrastructure Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has filed on September 19, 2014, the Draft Letter of Offer (DLOF) with Securities and Exchange Board of India for issue of equity shares on a rights basis to the shareholders.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GMR Infrastructure files Draft Letter of Offer with SEBI for right issue
GMR Infrastructure Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has filed on September 19, 2014, the Draft Letter of Offer (DLOF) with Securities and Exchange Board of India for issue of equity shares on a rights basis to the shareholders.
Post your opinion here
 
GMR Infrastructure Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has filed on September 19, 2014, the Draft Letter of Offer (DLOF) with Securities and Exchange Board of India for issue of equity shares on a rights basis to the shareholders.Source : BSE

Programmes planned to mark Mangalyaans Mars orbit entryProgrammes planned to mark Mangalyaan’s Mars orbit entry
PTI
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 20:  
Kerala State Science and Technology Museum here has drawn up various programmes to mark the entry of ‘Mangalyaan’, India’s Mars Orbiter Mission, into the orbit of the red planet, expected to happen on September 24.
The programmes, planned in partnership with Rajya Sabha TV, Vigyan Prasar and CSIR, have been planned on September 23 and 24, a museum release said here today.
A seminar on ‘Human Space Exploration’ is scheduled on September 23. ISRO’s former Deputy Director P Radhakrishnan will lead the sessions, it said.
A quiz competition based on space explorations will be organised for college students the other day. A team with two persons can participate in the event, it added.
Mangalyaan is scheduled to leave the solar orbit and enter an orbit around Mars in the early hours of September 24.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

China to adhere to prudent monetary policyChina to adhere to prudent monetary policy
Reuters
Tweet
Beijing, Sept 20:  
China will continue leading a prudent monetary policy with focus on targeted easing measures, Premier Li Keqiang said, according to a statement published on a Central Government Web site.
Addressing the State Council, China’s cabinet, Li said China over the past year had avoided stimulating its economy through quantitative easing.
“In the current complex economic situation and the downward pressure, we still have to maintain concentration and adhere to a proactive fiscal policy and prudent monetary policy to stabilise market expectations,’’ Li said.
He added he was hopeful that China’s massive urbanisation drive would help fuel future economic growth.
The statement came as state-owned news agency Xinhua on Friday quoted the chairman of the China Construction Bank saying the central bank has issued 500 billion yuan ($81.4 billion) worth of three-month loans to China’s five biggest banks.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

US  Canadian jets intercept 8 Russian aircraftUS, Canadian jets intercept 8 Russian aircraft
PTI
Tweet
Colorado Springs (Colorado, US), Sept 20:  
Two F-22 fighter jets intercepted six Russian military airplanes that neared the western coast of Alaska, military officials have said.
At about 1.30 a.m. on Thursday, two Canadian CF-18 fighter jets intercepted two of the long-range bombers about 64 nautical kilometres off the Canadian coastline in the Beaufort Sea.
Lt Col Michael Jazdyk, a spokesman for the North American Aerospace Defense Command, or NORAD, said the US jets intercepted the planes about 88 kilometres from the Alaskan coast at about 7 p.m. Pacific time Wednesday.
The Russian planes were identified as two IL-78 refuelling tankers, two MIG-31 fighter jets and two Bear long-range bombers. They looped south and returned to their base in Russia after the US jets were scrambled.
In both cases, the Russian planes entered the Air Defense Identification Zone, which extends about 321 kilometres from the coastline. They did not enter sovereign airspace of the United States or Canada.
Jazdyk said the fighter jets were scrambled “basically to let those aircraft know that we see them, and in case of a threat, to let them know we are there to protect our sovereign airspace’’.
In the past five years, jets under NORAD’s command have intercepted more than 50 Russian bombers approaching North American airspace.
NORAD is a bi-national American and Canadian command responsible for air defence in North America.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Multibillion dollar boon: Yahoo rakes in jackpot from AlibabaIPOAlibaba Group founder Jack Ma (C) and Joseph Tsai (center L), vice chairman and co-founder, pose with employees during the company's IPO at the New York Stock Exchange. (Reuters)
Associated Press | San Francisco | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:32 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 1:59 pm
Yahoo is making amends for years of blundering with one smart move: an early investment in Alibaba Group that has turned into a multibillion dollar boon.
The latest windfall came with Alibaba’s record-setting IPO completed late Thursday, in which the Chinese e-commerce giant raised $25 billion. Alibaba’s shares began trading for the first time on Friday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Yahoo is in line to make $8.3 billion to $9.5 billion from the initial public offering, depending on whether investment bankers exercise their right within the next month to buy additional stock in the deal.
The payoff supplements the $7.6 billion jackpot that Yahoo collected two years ago after selling another chunk of its Alibaba holdings and reworked a licensing agreement with the company.
Even if Yahoo ends up selling its maximum allotment of 140 million shares in the IPO, the Sunnyvale, California, company will retain a roughly 16 percent stake in Alibaba Group Ltd. worth another $36 billion to $38 billion.
Not a bad return, considering Yahoo acquired its Alibaba stake for $1 billion in 2005 in a deal engineered by company co-founder Jerry Yang and former CEO Terry Semel.
The Alibaba investment has helped ease the pain of Yahoo’s struggles in Internet advertising, the heart of its business. Yahoo’s annual revenue has slipped from a peak of $7.2 billion in 2008 to a projected $4.5 billion this year, a decline of nearly 40 percent.
The downturn has occurred even as advertisers steadily shift more of their budgets to the Internet and mobile devices, but most of that money is flowing to Yahoo rivals such as Google Inc. and Facebook Inc. – companies that have built more compelling digital services.
Yahoo has gone through seven different CEOs since 2006, including current leader Marissa Mayer, trying to figure out how to rejuvenate its growth.
Wall Street’s exasperation with Yahoo’s financial malaise caused the company’s stock to sink below $9 in late 2008. The company’s stock is now hovering around $43, a level that hasn’t been touched since 2006. Most of the comeback occurred during the last two years as investors latched on to Yahoo’s stock to profit from Alibaba’s success leading up to the IPO.
Yahoo now must decide what to do with the money that will pour in from Alibaba’s IPO. Mayer has promised that at least half the amount, after taxes, will be returned to shareholders through dividends or, more likely, buying back stock. That leaves open the possibility that Yahoo might use the rest of the money from the Alibaba IPO to help finance an acquisition of another Internet company such as AOL Inc. or a hot startup continued…

Shah Rukh Khans SLAM! Tour gets a specialsongthe team has come up with a music track by Ram Sampath and it is picturized in a way that shows the fun journey of all the team members from Mumbai to Houston.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:19 pm
Bollywood’s biggest global musical extravaganza SLAM! The Tour is all set to rule the hearts of thousands of music lovers on its very first concert in Houston, TX in next few hours. To amplify the excitement of the show, the team has come up with a music track by Ram Sampath and it is picturized in a way that shows the fun journey of all the team members from Mumbai to Houston.
Ram Sampath said, “Working on the Slam track was a blast! As per the brief, we went for stadium scale hip-hop in order to capture the grandeur & energy of the SLAM tour. When Earl Edgar laid down a high octane rap which complimented my singing really well, we knew we were home. Enjoy SLAM! The Tour”
The dance tour which kicked off on September 19, 2014 has Deepika Padukone, Malaika Arora Khan, Farah Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood, Vivaan Shah, Kanika Kapoor and Yo Yo Honey Singh performing on their popular songs.

Sachin Pilot silences detractors with Rajast...Sachin Pilot silences detractors with Rajasthan victories
IANS Sep 20, 2014, 12.22PM IST
Tags:
Anil Sharma
(The Congress won from the…)
JAIPUR: With the Congress winning three of the four assembly seats in the recently held byelections in Rajasthan, state party president Sachin Pilot has silenced his detractors and proven his political acumen - and is now eyeing the civic and panchayat polls later this year or early next year.
"It is a big victory. Traditionally no other party except for the ruling party has won byelections with such a majority in the state. Pilot has really emerged as a hero for the party, which was in complete disarray before the election," J P Sharma, a keen political watcher, told IANS.
"This win will put Pilot on a firm saddle and will give him a free hand in functioning," Sharma added.
Pilot, then minister of state for corporate affairs at the centre, was appointed in January, a month after the Congress lost power to the BJP in Rajasthan after winning just 21 of the 200 seats in the state assembly. He lost his Ajmer Lok Sabha seat in the April-May general elections that also saw the Congress make way for the BJP. The Congress couldn't win even one of Rajasthan's 25 Lok Sabha seats.
The Congress won from the Weir, Surajgarh and Nasirabad assembly constituencies earlier this week. The BJP took the Kota South seat.
Bypolls were held for all the four seats Sep 13.
Fighting against factionalism in the party and taking on the BJP, Pilot, a tall and amiable 36-year old, has given a new lease of life to the
party.
It was not an easy thing to do. Pilot had to not only boost the morale of party workers but also take everyone along in the assembly polls.
"I got full support from all the seniors of the party in the state," Pilot told IANS.
"I thank the party workers, (former chief minister) Ashok Gehlot , (former union ministers) Girja Vyas and C.P. Joshi, among others, who stood by me in these polls," Pilot said.
Pilot addressed over 140 public meetings and rallies in the four constituencies. He focussed on youth and was monitoring, reviewing and getting feedback from party workers on a day-to-day basis in these constituencies.
"Our strategy at the micro level and the efforts and hard work by the party workers helped us to win," said Pilot.
Gehlot also extensively toured the four constituencies.
Pilot is not for resting on his laurels.
"My work is not finished. We will be on our toes and see to it that we perform better in the coming municipal and panchayat elections," he said.
While the civic polls are likely in November-December, the panchayat polls are likely in February-March next year.
Pilot, who holds an MBA from Wharton and switched to politics from a high-paying corporate job, said that the party will go all out in these polls.
Taking a dig at the BJP, Pilot said the Vasundhara Raje government was doing nothing after it came to power.
"This is the first time that people have rejected a party only in nine months since it came to power," he contended.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LIVE - Asian Games 2014: Grand first day  first show for India as Jitu Rai bags goldIndia bag 1 gold, 1 bronze on 1st day of Asian Games
Agencies
Incheon, South Korea, September 20, 2014
First Published: 10:36 IST(20/9/2014)
print
New shooting sensation Jitu Rai provided the first gold medal, while Shweta Chaudhry clinched a bronze as India launched their campaign in the 17th Asian Games with two medals on the opening day of the competitions in Incheon, South Korea on Saturday.
While Jitu struck gold in the 50m pistol event, Shweta's bronze came in the 10m air pistol competition at the Ongnyeon Shooting Range in Incheon but medal aspirants Heena Sidhu and Malaika Goel turned out to be disappointments as they failed to even reach the finals.
It was a reasonably good start for the Indian contingent, bagging a gold on the very first day of the Games, considered to be the second biggest after the Olympics.
Jitu Rai (L) celebrates with a team official after winning the men's 50m pistol individual final of the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea. (AFP Photo)
While the shooters stole the limelight, athletes in other sports also began their campaign on a bitter-sweet note.
Star shuttlers Saina Nehwal and PV Sindhu hammered their respective rivals in straight games as India clinched a 3-0 triumph over Macau China to enter the women's team event quarter-finals.
However, the men's team was outplayed by South Korea 0-3. K Srikanth and Commonwealth Games gold-medallist Parupalli Kashyap went down in contrasting fashions while the doubles team of Sumeeth Reddy and Manu Attri also failed to come good.
The Indian women's tennis team was also off to a winning start as it blanked Oman 3-0 in the first round.
Prarthana Gulabrao Thombare and Ankita Raina notched up contrasting singles victories before the pairing of Natasha Marie Anne Palha and Rishika Sunkara was handed a walkover in the doubles match.
But the star of the early proceedings was undoubtedly armyman Jitu. The 27-year-old showed steely grit to get the better of a strong field, which included two-time Olympic champion Jin Jongoh of South Korea, to snatch the gold off the final shot in a straight duel with Vietnamese rival Nguyen Hoang Phuong.
Read: Jitu Rai does Army Marksmanship Unit proud
The Vietnamese, in fact, was leading the Indian ace, who had recently won the gold at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games and a silver at the Granada World Championships going into this competition. But the Indian clinched the issue on the last shot.
Jitu shot 8.4 after his rival had fumbled with a poor 5.8 to win the gold with an overall tally of 186.2, as compared to Nguyen's 183.4.
This was Jitu's sixth medal on the trot in international competitions this year.
The bronze was clinched by China's Wang Zhiwei (165.6).
Jitu thus became only the second Indian pistol shooter to clinch an Asian Games title after Jaspal Rana and the fourth shooter overall after shotgun experts Randhir Singh in 1978 and Ronjan Sodhi in 2010.
However, the Indian men's team finished fourth with Jitu's teammates Om Prakash (555) and Onkar Singh (551) ending up 10th and 16th respectively.
Earlier, Shweta, competing with a gun she was not used to as her own gun had been held back by the Korean Customs, secured the bronze medal in the 10m range in air pistol with a total tally of 176.4 behind champion Zhang Mengyuan of China (202.2) and runner-up Jung Jeehae of South Korea (201.3).
Shweta's teammates Heena Sidhu (378) and Malaika Goel (373) ended up 13th and 24th respectively while the trio as a team got the fifth spot from among 14 teams.
Shweta defied odds, a travel-weary schedule and absence of her regular weapon to provide India with their first medal.
The 28-year-old had to eliminate a rival through a shoot-off to ensure the bronze in the women's 10m air pistol event.
Having qualified for the eight-strong final list with a total score of 383 even as her more fancied teammate Heena Sidhu got eliminated, Shweta showed exemplary poise to fight her way back.
She managed to stave off early elimination by being the third best after the first eight shots, recovering from sixth position. She had a poor 8.4 when the last four shooters were standing which forced a play-off with China's Guo Wenjun to decide who remains in the competition.
Shweta was leading Guo 138.3 to 137.9 when she became nervous and a poor mark of 8.4 followed to force the shoot-off in which she shot 10.7 while her Chinese rival came up with only 10.0 to be eliminated.
In the badminton event, Saina opened the proceedings for the team and hardly broke a sweat before thrashing Kit Ieng Wong 21-6 21-4 in just 21 minutes.

Militants tried to take advantage of floods  200 waiting across LoC: ArmyArmy says 200 militants waiting to cross border
PTI  Srinagar, September 20, 2014
First Published: 12:05 IST(20/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:50 IST(20/9/2014)
Around 200 heavily armed militants were waiting across the Line of Control to infiltrate into the Indian side even as the security forces foiled several attempts by the ultras to sneak into Kashmir Valley following the recent floods.
 
"There are around 200 heavily armed terrorists across the Line of Control waiting to infiltrate into the Kashmir Valley," Lt Gen Subrata Saha, the general officer commanding of Srinagar-based 15 Corps, told PTI.
 
He said that infiltrators from across the border tried to take advantage of the recent floods in the Kashmir Valley, but the army foiled their attempts.
 
He added that around 200 militants were still active in the entire Valley and the security grid of the army was in place to "neutralise" them.
 
"Even though we too suffered damage in the recent floods as more than 50% of the cantonment area was inundated but we never allowed the security grid to weaken," he said.
 
Saha said that it was because of the 'robust' counter terrorism and counter insurgency grid in place that dreaded foreign militant Umar Bhat was recently killed in the Rajwar forest area of the Kupwara district.
 
Lt Gen Saha said that in the past ten days, several-cross border infiltration attempts were made, but the army foiled them in which five infiltrators were gunned down.
 
"Three infiltrators were killed in the Keran Sector and two were killed in the Machil sector in the last ten days," Lt Gen Saha said.
 
Jammu and Kashmir has been hit by the worst-ever floods which have wreaked havoc in several districts and left 280 people dead.
Terming as "baseless" the allegations by "anti social elements" that priority was given to the VVIP's and outsiders during the rescue operations undertaken by the army after the floods hit Srinagar city , Lt Gen Saha said, "There was no way we could have distinguished an outsider or a local. our priority was to save maximum number of human lives.
 
"We had to first save the people who were caught in the farthest points. We adopted a logical sequence of evacuation and first helped the people who were at a greater risk."  
He said that people involved in stone pelting on soldiers deployed in the relief and rescue operations had come from the unaffected areas to create trouble.
 
"The people who were marooned in the floods wanted to be saved and we saved them. The people who pelted stones on the army personnel deployed in the rescue operations were the ones who had come to create mischief from the area that were the least affected with the floods," he said.
 
Lt Gen Saha said, that the ammunition depots were not affected by the recent floods, but "some relocation had to be made".
 
"Some of our units suffered some damage in the floods, but the arms and ammunitions are safe," he said.
 
To carry out the emergency relief and rescue operations in the civilian areas, a makeshift helipad was made operational inside the cantonment area, as the floodwater had rendered two main helipads inside the cantonment defunct.
 
"Our main helipads were submerged and to carry out the emergency relief and rescue work we had to make a makeshift helipad operational and within hours of the catastrophe the relief and rescue work began from here" he said.
Four militants killed
Four militants were killed in an encounter with security forces near the Line of Control (LoC) in Tangdhar sector of Jammu and Kashmir.
 
"Four militants were killed in an intelligence-based operation in Tangdhar sector of Kupwara district near LoC," a defence spokesperson said.
 
He said four AK-47 rifles and ammunition were recovered from the scene of the gunbattle that began in the wee hours.
 
"The identity and group affiliation of the militants are being ascertained," the spokesperson added.
 

Equity NAVs end mixed led by flat markets performanceSep 20, 2014, 12.21 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Equity NAVs end mixed led by flat markets performance
Equity Mutual Funds delivered mixed returns as the Equity benchmarks consolidate on Friday after over a percent rally in previous session on prospects of huge investments by China in India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Equity NAVs end mixed led by flat markets performance
Equity Mutual Funds delivered mixed returns as the Equity benchmarks consolidate on Friday after over a percent rally in previous session on prospects of huge investments by China in India.
Post your opinion here
 
Equity Mutual Funds delivered mixed returns as the Equity benchmarks consolidate on Friday after over a percent rally in previous session on prospects of huge investments by China in India. The broader markets too were rangebound. Funds in the broader market based like Small & Mid Cap fund witnessed gain while Diversified Equity, ELSS and Index funds ended with mixed returns.  Large cap and Thematic Infrastructure funds delivered poor returns.
Among the sector space, Pharma & Healthcare, Banking & Finance and technology fund witnessed gain, while FMCG funds succumb under market pressure.
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell 21.79 points to 27090.42 while the 50-share NSE Nifty rose 6.70 points to close at 8121.45.
Though the market went near record high during the day, it could not hit that level due to lack of triggers as it already priced in all recent events like China visit etc. The next triggers for the market would be US visit (on September 30), July-September quarter earnings (in October) and Maharasthra & Haryana state elections, say experts.
In the fixed income space, debt funds maintained steady outlook and closed with positive returns with few decline. The government's benchmark 10-year bond hit its highest level in more than 11 months on Friday, boosted by positive sentiment following the US Federal Reserve's stance on rates, but the 120-billion-rupee debt sale later in the session pushed prices off intraday highs.
Here is the day’s performance and the gainers and losers across categories.
Equity diversified: Top gainers
*  Sundaram Select Micro Cap - Series IV - Direct Plan (G) up 1.63%
*  Sundaram Select Micro Cap - Series IV - Regular Plan (G) up 1.62%
*  Sundaram Select Micro Cap - Series III - Regular Plan (G) up 1.50%
Equity diversified: Top losers
*  JM Core 11 Fund (G) down 1.21%
*  DSP BlackRock India T.I.G.E.R. Fund - Regular Plan (G) down 0.91%
*  HSBC Progressive Themes Fund (G) down 0.90%
Tax saving funds: Top gainers
*  BNP Paribas Tax Advantage Plan (ELSS) (G) up 0.79%
*  Axis Long Term Equity Fund (G) up 0.76%
*  Religare Invesco Tax Plan (G) up 0.74%
Tax saving funds: Top losers
*  HDFC Tax Saver (G) down 0.57%
*  SBI TAX Advantage Fund - Series II (G) down 0.51%
*  Principal Personal Tax Saver Fund down 0.44%
Sector funds: Top gainers
*  Reliance Media & Entertainment Fund (G) up 2.42%
*  DSP BlackRock Technology.Com - Regular Plan (G) up 1.60%
*  Birla Sun Life New Millennium (G) up 1.23%
Sector funds: Top losers
*  UTI Energy Fund (G) down 0.92%
*  Baroda Pioneer PSU Equity Fund (G) down 0.68%
*  Religare Invesco PSU Equity Fund (G) down 0.63%
Balanced funds: Top gainers
*  Tata Young Citizens Fund up 0.53%
*  L&T Equity and Gold Fund (G) up 0.45%
*  L&T Prudence Fund (G) up 0.34%
Balanced funds: Top losers
*  Canara Robeco Balance (G) down 0.26%
*  Reliance Regular Savings Fund - Balanced Option (G) down 0.21%
*  JM Balanced Fund (G) down 0.21%
Debt funds: Top gainers
*  ICICI Prudential Income Opportunities Fund (G) up 0.11%
*  Sundaram Flexible Fund - Flexible Income - Regular Plan (G) up 0.10%
*  JP Morgan India Active Bond Fund - Retail Plan (G) up 0.09%
Debt funds: Top losers
*  SBI EDGE Fund (G) down 0.16%
*  Religare Invesco Gilt Fund - Long Duration Plan (G) down 0.08%
*  IIFL Dynamic Bond Fund - Regular Plan (G) down 0.06%
For more Mutual Fund News click here >>
Q

White House Intruded:  Most Highly Protected Building on Earth  Evacuated Over FWhite House Intruded:  Most Highly Protected Building on Earth  Evacuated Over F
J&K floods: 10-year-old returns to marooned house to retrieve school bag22
0
Srinagar: Days after he was airlifted along with his family to safety, 10-year-old Taukeer Ahmed was on Saturday on a rescue boat returning to his marooned house in Raj Bagh locality to retrieve his most loved possession - his school bag.
Taukeer, a class five student of a prestigious school in Srinagar city, was saved by the Army after the flood water entered their house.
"He is the kind of kid who loves his books. As we all rushed towards the roof of our house to save ourselves from the floodwater, the first thing he tried to take was his school bag," said the boy's father Mushtaq Ahmed.
Taukeer, a class five student of a prestigious school in Srinagar city, was saved by the Army after the flood water entered their house.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #floods #taukeer ahmed
Mushtaq said that as the family had to abandon their house in a hurry with a rescue helicopter saving them from drowning, they left Taukeer's school bag with other belongings in the house.
"After we were rescued, we took shelter in my sister's house in Rangreth. But since then he is adamant to get his school bag back," Mushtaq said.
So the hassled father decided to bring his son to the area to show him that "it was not possible to retrieve the bag" as their house was still under several feet of water.
The fact that a large part of the Raj Bagh locality is still submerged in the floodwater, however, did not deter the young boy as he took the help of a boat of the National Disaster Relief Force (NDRF) personnel to reach his house.
"We didn't want to break the heart of this young boy by refusing him help, so we are taking him to retrieve his school bag," said Manoj Kumar Panday, an officer with the NDRF team deployed at the Raj bagh locality.
Manoeuvring through the lanes of the locality the boat somehow reached the destination from where Mushtaq had to wade in the water and used a ladder to climb his house through an open window.
A wall clock could be seen from the window, the two hands of the clock pointing at 9:10 AM, frozen in time after the area was submerged in the water.
Mushtaq emerged from the house with his son's school bag and some other household items. A smile of triumph was visible on the face of Taukeer.
Alas! the smile was short lived as all his books and textbooks in the bag were damaged in the flood water.
The young boy could not hold back his tears as he returned to Rangreth with his father.
4

J&K: Four Lashkar-e-Toiba terrorists gunned down41
0
Tangdhar: Security forces gunned down four Lashkar-e-Toiba terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir's Tangdhar region on Saturday morning.
Even as the state battles with its worst ever floods, terrorists have been trying to infiltrate into the Indian territory.
"There are around 200 heavily armed terrorists across the Line of Control waiting to infiltrate into the Kashmir Valley," Lt Gen Subrata Saha, the General Officer Commanding of Srinagar-based 15 Corps said earlier in the day.
Even as the state battles with its worst ever floods, terrorists have been trying to infiltrate into the Indian territory.
He said that infiltrators from across the border tried to take advantage of the recent floods in the Kashmir Valley, but the army foiled their attempts.
1

Hyundai Motor CompanyMedium, heavy CV biz showing signs of recovery: Tata Motors
Nov 21, 2014 at 09:09 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Ravi Pisharody told CNBC-TV18 that in the last two months, although on a low base, the company saw growth in excess of 20 percent.
Tata Motors to treble commercial vehicle exports by 2018-19
Nov 20, 2014 at 15:36 | Source: PTI
The company, which currently exports products to markets, including Middle East and Africa, plans to bolster despatches to existing and new markets to achieve the target.
Eicher Motors still a compelling buy: Experts
Nov 19, 2014 at 16:20 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Dipan Mehta Eicher Motors is a great company and has captured investors interests in an environment where there are still a lot of challenges. It is stock for long-term investors, he adds.
See overall revenue at around Rs 220 cr by FY16: GS Auto
Nov 19, 2014 at 15:24 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Surendar Singh, MD, GS Auto International, discusses the companys earnings and business outlook.
GMR Infra, IDFC, Axis Bank top buys: Birla Sun Life
Nov 19, 2014 at 15:17 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GMR Infrastructure, IDFC and Axis Bank were the top buys while Hindalco Industries, Idea Cellular and Lanco Infratech were the top sells by Birla Sun Life Asset Management.
Toyota mulls bringing more hybrid vehicles in India
Nov 18, 2014 at 15:02 | Source: PTI
The company, which is present in India in a joint venture with the Kirloskar group -- Toyota Kirloskar Motor, is celebrating the first anniversary of its Camry Hybrid in India during which it has sold 541 units.
See strong H2; will sustain performance: TVS Srichakra
Nov 18, 2014 at 10:18 | Source: CNBC-TV18
P Vijayaraghavan, director at TVS Srichakra says the company registered a growth of around 20 percent in the second quarter over the year-ago period.
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on November 18
Nov 18, 2014 at 08:43 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on November 18 - PNB, NCC, Tata Motors DVR, Titan, PC Jewellers, Financial Technologies, FIEM Industries, Bank Nifty, Gati and Transport Corporation of India.
Short TVS Motor Company, says Hemant Thukral
Nov 17, 2014 at 12:30 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money recommends shorting TVS Motor Company as the stock may test Rs 225-230.
New mkt high likely on FII inflow, Winter Session: Religare
Nov 17, 2014 at 09:55 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Gautam Trivedi, managing director and chief executive officer, Religare Capital says the expectations from Q2 earnings werent high in the first place. However, he expects a real growth in corporate earnings to start coming in from Q1FY16.
Medium, heavy CV biz showing signs of recovery: Tata Motors
Nov 21, 2014 at 09:09 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Ravi Pisharody told CNBC-TV18 that in the last two months, although on a low base, the company saw growth in excess of 20 percent.
Tata Motors to treble commercial vehicle exports by 2018-19
Nov 20, 2014 at 15:36 | Source: PTI
The company, which currently exports products to markets, including Middle East and Africa, plans to bolster despatches to existing and new markets to achieve the target.
Eicher Motors still a compelling buy: Experts
Nov 19, 2014 at 16:20 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Dipan Mehta Eicher Motors is a great company and has captured investors interests in an environment where there are still a lot of challenges. It is stock for long-term investors, he adds.
GMR Infra, IDFC, Axis Bank top buys: Birla Sun Life
Nov 19, 2014 at 15:17 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GMR Infrastructure, IDFC and Axis Bank were the top buys while Hindalco Industries, Idea Cellular and Lanco Infratech were the top sells by Birla Sun Life Asset Management.
See overall revenue at around Rs 220 cr by FY16: GS Auto
Nov 19, 2014 at 15:24 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Surendar Singh, MD, GS Auto International, discusses the companys earnings and business outlook.
Toyota mulls bringing more hybrid vehicles in India
Nov 18, 2014 at 15:02 | Source: PTI
The company, which is present in India in a joint venture with the Kirloskar group -- Toyota Kirloskar Motor, is celebrating the first anniversary of its Camry Hybrid in India during which it has sold 541 units.
See strong H2; will sustain performance: TVS Srichakra
Nov 18, 2014 at 10:18 | Source: CNBC-TV18
P Vijayaraghavan, director at TVS Srichakra says the company registered a growth of around 20 percent in the second quarter over the year-ago period.
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on November 18
Nov 18, 2014 at 08:43 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on November 18 - PNB, NCC, Tata Motors DVR, Titan, PC Jewellers, Financial Technologies, FIEM Industries, Bank Nifty, Gati and Transport Corporation of India.
Short TVS Motor Company, says Hemant Thukral
Nov 17, 2014 at 12:30 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money recommends shorting TVS Motor Company as the stock may test Rs 225-230.
New mkt high likely on FII inflow, Winter Session: Religare
Nov 17, 2014 at 09:55 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Gautam Trivedi, managing director and chief executive officer, Religare Capital says the expectations from Q2 earnings werent high in the first place. However, he expects a real growth in corporate earnings to start coming in from Q1FY16.
Videos »

India  China closer but still cautious as Xi visit endsprint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets Chinese President Xi Jinping upon his arrival at a hotel in Ahmadabad. (PTI Photo)
Incursions cast a shadow over the visit of President Xi Jinping’s visit to India, but the joint statement issued on Friday reiterated their commitment to seek a "fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable solution". The two sides also said that ‘an early settlement of the boundary question’ ought to be ‘pursued as a strategic objective’.
Policymakers are grappling with the implications of the Xi’s visit. While some are underwhelmed, others point to the achievements. But all agree that border troubles dampened the mood.
And there were indeed positives. PM Narendra Modi and Xi got to know each other well. The entire edifice of the relationship rests on the 1988 breakthrough achieved by PM Rajiv Gandhi and Deng Xiaoping – the two countries would try to resolve the border issue, but they would not let its non-resolution hold other bilateral issues hostage. This has held, and the joint statement spoke of enhancing development partnership, political communication, economic dialogue, investment and trade, cultural and people to people exchanges.
But this has come under increasing strain as Chinese incursions have triggered public outcry. Indian officials are left wondering why Beijing acted the way it did at such a crucial moment, for the Chinese were understood to be heavily aligning their strategy towards India with prime minister’s economic agenda.
“What is really confusing is the timing of the incursions where soldiers intruded in large numbers. In Chinese scheme of things it’s not possible without the authorization at the higher political level”, said a government source, indicating they did not buy the theory of Chinese People’s Liberation Army acting autonomously.
SD Muni, professor emeritus at the Jawaharlal Nehru University, tweeted, “Modi’s Sabarmati charm and dhokla diplomacy do not seem to have really worked on Xi. No indications of a new beginning.” He pointed to a ‘delayed border settlement’, the USD 20 billion dollar investment commitment rather than USD 100 billion, and China’s ‘eyes on SAARC’ and called visit 'below expectations'.
The hope is this may lend some urgency and energy to border negotiations. PM Modi said ‘clarifying the LAC’ was important and this needed to be ‘restarted’; Xi stressed Chinese ‘determination’ to settle the boundary question. Commodore C Uday Bhaskar, a strategic analyst, says, “The political leadership is back in the saddle. Modi and XI bring political determination, and do not seem daunted by the scale and complexity of problems they have inherited.”
The joint statement for the third in row time missed, mention of one-China policy-- an affirmation by India of One-China principle, which recognises Tibet and Taiwan as part of China. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj’s recent formulation is that they expect China to support a One India policy – and respect its sensitivities on Arunachal Pradesh – in return for India’s support for one China policy.
There was another strategic subtext to the visit. Analysts like Bhaskar believe that more than the border, India’s real concern is to pre-empt another 26/11 situation. “Except Beijing, all world capitals accept Pakistan supports terrorist groups. I hope India has raised this privately with Beijing, and I would have liked to see some public reference to it.” But some officials believe that China sent a positive signal by not making Pakistan a part of the itinerary.
Xi decided instead to visit Sri Lanka and Maldives, and indicated the desire to deepen ties with the rest of South Asia. A retired intelligence official says, “We may not like it, but we can’t prevent it either. China will expand its influence here, as we will try do in its neighbourhood. Note Modi’s visit to Japan and President Pranab Mukherjee visit to Vietnam.”
The optics may have been warm and some achievements substantial, but the visit showed that there are difficult strategic issues at play, and both India and China remain cautious about going all the way with each other.

PM Modi plays Santa Claus on Twitter  replies to birthday wishers  enthralls social mediaPM Modi plays Santa Claus on Twitter  replies to birthday wishers  enthralls social media
Gates foundation announces $7 lakh aid for J&K flood victimsGates foundation announces $7 lakh aid for J&K flood victims
Debate over decentralisation of financial powers begins in UKDebate over decentralisation of financial powers begins in UK
Mr vm and mr.murali should not contest..exit gracefully to save uslCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Consolidated eps is 7....are u sure....thanks in advanceTHIS COMPANY DESERVE BETTER VALUATION GOING AHEAD. BECAUSE
(1) COMPANY ENJOY BRAND NAME (PRIMA)
(2) CASH RICH COMPANY.
(3) ITS FOREIGN SUBSIDIARY IN AFRICA IN WHICH COMPANY
HOLD 50 % IS CONTRIBUTING HANDSOME PROFIT . COMPANY
EARN NEARLY RS.4 CRORE EVERY YEAR FROM THIS COMPANY
(4) LOOK AT CONSOLIDATED REVENUE AND PROFIT.
STANDALONE  REVENUE  - 80  CRORE  PROFIT  - 3 CRORE
CONSOLIDATE REVENUE  - 100 CRORE  PROFIT  - 7 CRORE
SO CONSOLIDATED EPS IS MORETHAN RS. 7
(5) IF ON A CONSERVATIVE BASIS COMPARE WITH INDUSTRY PE
OF RS.15 ,THEN PRICE WILL DOUBLE FROM HEREON.
THANKS.

What has happened to power sector biggie like nhpc in such a bull mark...Platinum Member
787 Followers
have u read all recent announcement at avance. . .obviously a big no frm ur side. . .look if u think that by blaming me u will get ur reply than u dont . . . first learn how to talk, . . than u may get sm. .
2.07 PM Sep 20th

Nifty above 8 100Nifty above 8,100
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 12, 2014 15:34 IST
Some buying activity is seen in auto, FMCG and healthcare sectors, while banking, capital goods, IT, metal, oil & gas and power sectors are showing weakness
 
 
At 3:24PM: The S&P BSE Sensex is trading at 27,060, up 64 points, while NSE Nifty is trading at 8,106, up 20 points.
 
The BSE Mid-cap index is trading up 0.24% at 9,987, while BSE Small-cap is trading up 0.59% at 11,177.
 
Some buying activity is seen in auto, FMCG and healthcare sectors, while banking, capital goods, IT, metal, oil & gas and power sectors are showing weakness on BSE.
 
Cipla, Maruti Suzuki, HDFC, ITC, Hero MotoCorp, Bharti Airtel and Tata Motors are among the gainers, whereas Hindalco, Sun Pharma, NTPC, Tata Power, Coal India, L&T and ONGC are losing sheen on BSE.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 23 November 2014 14:02 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Auto Dealerships: Are good times ahead for auto dealershipsAuto Dealerships: Are good times ahead for auto dealerships?
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 12, 2014 09:09 IST
Another potential dampener for the auto dealers could be weak monsoons, which could potentially affect rural demand which was quite robust in the last few years
 
 
The last few years have been challenging for the auto industry due to the slowdown in the economy. Except two wheelers (2W) which have reported a growth in volumes on a y-o-y basis for FY14, all other segments have reported a fall in volumes in varying degrees. Overall while the large Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) have been able to withstand the pressure due to their diversification into the export market, product diversification and presence across different industry segments, the auto dealerships have not been able to do so.
 
Rising inventory levels and elongated working capital cycle and concentration to a specific industry segment or an OEM have been plaguing the auto dealers in the recent times. Going forward, while the excise duty reduction (introduced in February 2014 and extended till December 2014) will keep the passenger vehicle (PV) prices lower and give an impetus to the sector, the improvement in the fundamental macro factors like tapering of inflation and lowering of interest rates etc. is what will lead to a sustainable improvement across the sector in the medium term and have any tangible impact on the credit profile of dealers.
 
With respect to CV dealerships, any tangible improvement in performance is expected to take time. Revival in industrial production, resolution of the issues surrounding the mining sector etc. would be crucial for the recovery of this segment. Another potential dampener for the auto dealers could be weak monsoons, which could potentially affect rural demand which was quite robust in the last few years. At the same time, major OEMs have announced new launches especially in the PV and 2W segments. These launches and the upcoming festival season should augur well for the channel.
 

France strikes Islamic State group s depot in Iraq  kills dozens of fightersFrench President Francois Hollande announced that the target was "entirely destroyed". (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Paris | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:46 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 7:09 pm
Iraq’s military spokesman says four French airstrikes killed dozens of fighters from the Islamic State group in a contested area of northern Iraq.
French President Francois Hollande announced the first airstrikes Friday morning, saying Rafale fighter jets struck a logistics depot in northeastern Iraq, and the target was “entirely destroyed.” The US has also carried out airstrikes against the extremist group.
Qassim al-Moussawi, spokesman for the Iraqi military, said four French airstrikes hit the town of Zumar, killing dozens of extremist fighters. Zumar and surrounding towns have remained heavily contested by Islamic State fighters, even though Iraqi and Kurdish security forces have managed to make headway in nearby regions with the support of US airstrikes.

USFDA to start inspection at Aurobindo s H bad unit on SatLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
USFDA to start inspection at Aurobindo's H'bad unit on Sat
In Q1 conference call, the management had mentioned that unit 4, 3 as well as 7 should see some USFDA audits considering that they were due for inspection.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
USFDA will start Inspection at  Aurobindo Pharma’s Hyderabad unit on Saturday. These USFDA plant inspections are routine in nature. The last inspection took place for unit 4 was in August 2012.
However, one shouldn't be worried about the impact on the stock price unless there is adverse outcome from the USFDA inspection. In Q1 conference call, the management had mentioned that unit 4, 3 as well as 7 should see some USFDA audits considering that they were due for inspection.
It has been confirmed by the management that the USFDA audit will be for its unit 4. The approximate sales of this unit are around USD 50 million totally. It mainly focuses on injectibles and ophthalmology.
 

Indian Muslims will live  die for country: ModiIndian Muslims will live, die for country: Modi
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 20, 2014 12:52 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said Indian Muslims would rather live and die for India than dance to the tunes of terror outfits such as Al Qaida. He said Indian Muslims would never want anything bad for India, adding people trying to influence them to do otherwise were delusional.
Modi, set to leave for the US next week on his maiden official visit to that country, told CNN in an interview he was confident India-US relations would overcome sundry difficulties and friction to achieve a genuinely strategic alliance, as there were many similarities between the two societies. He said both Indians and Americans “have coexistence in their natural temperament”.
Modi told CNN’s Fareed Zakaria that the “mood” in both New Delhi and Washington was in “harmony” with the understanding to improve bilateral relations substantially.
Modi will attend a UN General Assembly session in New York. He will also have a meeting with US President Barack Obama at the White House, Washington.
The Indian prime minister, often criticised for his apparent refusal to tender an official apology for the anti-Muslim riots in 2002, when he was chief minister of Gujarat, has had a difficult past with the US. In 2005, the American government refused to grant him a visa because of his failure to check the riots.
In the interview, when Modi was asked about Al Qaida issuing a video earlier this month with an appeal to Muslims of the Indian subcontinent to join the Indian arm of the terror outfit, he said: “My understanding is they are doing injustice to the Muslims of our country. If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional.
“Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India — they will not want anything bad for India,” he said.
In the video, Al Qaida chief Ayman al-Zawahiri had appealed to Muslims of South Asia to join the terror outfit to end their “oppression” in places such as Kashmir, as well as Modi’s home state of Gujarat.
The Indian prime minister, whose detractors have also questioned his refusal to wear a skull cap, was also asked about the phenomenon that of the 170 million Muslims in India, there seemed to be no or very few members of Al Qaida, though it was present in Afghanistan and Pakistan. “What is it that has made this community not as susceptible?” Zakaria asked.
Modi answered he was not the authority on doing a psychological and religious analysis on this. “But the question is whether or not humanity should be defended in the world; whether or not believers in humanity should unite. This is a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race. So, we have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else,” he said.
His comments on Muslims being patriots come in the wake of Bharatiya Janata Party leaders such as Yogi Adityanath, backed by the party’s ideological mentor, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, raising the issue of ‘love jihad’ consistently in the run-up to the recent by-polls in Uttar Pradesh. His statements are also in contrast to several Bharatiya Janata party leaders questioning the patriotism of Muslims, during the Lok Sabha elections.
On the possibility of India and the US developing a genuinely strategic alliance, Modi said: “I have a one-word answer, and with great confidence I say — yes. Let me explain: There are many similarities between the US and India. If you look at the last few centuries, two things come to light — America has absorbed people from around the world, and there is an Indian in every part of the world. This characterises both the societies. Indians and Americans have co-existence in their temperament.”
Modi said while “there have been ups and downs in our relationship in the last century...from the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century, we have witnessed a big change. Our ties have deepened. India and the US are bound together by history and culture.  These ties will deepen further”.
Asked if he felt there was a genuine desire in Washington to try and improve the relationship with India, the prime minister said relations between India and the US should not be seen within the limits of just New Delhi and Washington.
“It is a much larger sphere. The good thing is the mood in both New Delhi and Washington is in harmony with this understanding. Both sides have played a role in this.”

Ascending to the clouds: SAP buys Concur for $7.3 bnAscending to the clouds: SAP buys Concur for $7.3 bn
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 20, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Germany's SAP has agreed to buy US expenses software maker Concur for $7.3 billion in cash, strengthening its position in cloud computing but sending its shares down almost three per cent on concern over the price.
SAP has been slow to embrace cloud computing, which allows businesses to cut costs by ditching bulky servers for network-based systems, but the Concur deal announced late on Thursday accelerates its growth in the cloud while protecting its position in travel and expenses management.
The German business software company said it would offer $129 per share for Concur, a 20 per cent premium over the September 17 closing price and just short of the $130.36 record high Concur shares set in January after a two-year upward run.
That is equal to the 20 per cent premium SAP paid for its 2012 acquisition of cloud procurement software maker Ariba, and comparable with the 18 and 19 per cent arch-rival Oracle paid for Taleo in 2012 and RightNow in 2011. "It seems expensive. But Concur is the leader in its market and the potential synergies will be a valuable addition," Bernstein analysts wrote in a note.
Societe Generale analysts wrote: "The shares are likely to react negatively today given the high price paid and Oracle's lacklustre results last night." Oracle reported profit that fell below Wall Street estimates, hurt by weak hardware sales. It also said Larry Ellison, its co-founder and leader for 37 years, is to step down as chief executive.
No impact on us, says Cleatrip
Concur is an investor in online travel portal Cleatrip. It invested $52 million in two tranches in 2011 and 2012 in the holding company, registered in Cayman Islands.
"Nothing changes for Cleartrip,'' Cleatrip said when asked for the impact on its Indian business.
SAP, which competes in cloud computing with global rivals including Oracle, IBM and Salesforce, will finance the Concur acquisition through a credit facility agreement of up to euro 7 billion ($9 billion).
The company had seen the cloud phenomenon as threatening its core business model, but it began a series of acquisitions with the $3.4 billion purchase of SuccessFactors in 2011 after Oracle embarked on its own belated cloud-buying spree.
'Something big'
With the acquisition of Concur, SAP will increase its cloud users to 50 million from 38 million.
"We have something big here, guys," SAP Chief Executive Bill McDermott told analysts and reporters on a conference call.
Concur has 23,000 clients, including companies, governments and universities with a total of more than 25 million users of its travel and expense-management software.
About a third of Concur users run SAP software and the German company expects to add Concur customers.
Based on 57 million outstanding shares, the offer for Concur is valued at $7.3 billion. Including debt, the offer represents an enterprise value of about $8.3 billion, SAP said.
Global business spending on cloud services is expected to jump 20 percent this year to $174 billion, research firm IHS estimates, rising to more than $235 billion by 2017.
Bernstein analysts said they believe that SAP is driving to own the procurement process, in which customers pay based on the volumes of goods and services they buy, rather than by the number of users, which requires extra sales efforts.
As well as Ariba, SAP also owns Fieldglass, which allows companies to manage their temporary staff and independent contractors and services.
"The advantage of the procurement usage-based models is that the more clients procure via Ariba and Fieldgass, the more revenue is generated," the analysts wrote.
Concur's software increasingly links suppliers and travel-management companies, and is integrated with hotel chains including Intercontinental Hotels and Starwood.
SALES BOOST
SAP expects to gain between 3 billion euros and 3.5 billion euros in sales from cloud computing by 2017, out of a total of at least 22 billion, but CEO McDermott said that SAP would raise the outlook after completion of the Concur acquisition.
SAP shares were down 2.4 percent at 58.45 euros by 0859 GMT, the biggest decliners in a 0.6 percent weaker European technology index, amid a wider market buoyed by relief that Scotland voted to stay in the United Kingdom.
Shares in Concur, which reported a 28.6 percent rise in revenue to $178.37 million in the quarter to June 30, have fallen more than 17 percent since early this year. The drop has been partly down to a general retreat by investors from high-momentum stocks but also because of declining margins, Jeffries' analysts wrote in late April.
Concur trades at 44 times expected earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA), according to Starmine data, against a ratio of 30 for Salesforce.com.
The Concur board of directors has unanimously approved the transaction, which is expected to close before the end of the first quarter of next year, subject to shareholder and regulatory approvals.
SAP was advised by Deutsche Bank. Concur was advised by boutique bank Qatalyst

warm weekend that might end with a stormBy Jason Samenow September 19 Follow @capitalweather
Clouds: Latest mid-Atlantic infrared satellite shows movement of clouds over past two hours. Refresh page to update. See more maps on our Weather Wall .
The last official weekend of summer will have a summer taste with afternoon temperatures near or surpassing 80 degrees.  We could even witness a summer boomer to close out Sunday.  Beyond that, the weather pattern looks remarkably dry.
Through Tonight: Partly to mostly cloudy and pleasant.  We spend the balance of the evening falling slowly through the 70s and 60s.  Early morning lows range from near 60 downtown, with mid-50s in the cooler suburbs.  Light winds from the southeast.
The weekend: Both days feature moderate humidity levels (dew points around 60), partly sunny skies and warm temperatures.  Saturday is the slightly less warm  of the two days, with highs near 80 compared to the mid-80s Sunday.  Winds both days are from the south and southwest at 5-10 mph.    Saturday night is relatively mild, with lows ranging from the upper 50s in our cooler suburbs to the mid-60s downtown.
The chance of a shower or thunderstorm likely waits until dusk or so Sunday (when it’s just around 30 percent), but western areas have a 30 percent chance of something popping up towards the late afternoon.
See Camden Walker’s forecast through early next week . And if you haven’t already, join us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter . For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock.
Pollen: Trees counts were MODERATE, grass counts were LOW, weeds HIGH, and mold MODERATE.
Dry pattern!  We haven’t had more than a trace of rain in 6 days and just 0.43 inches for the month (1.72 inches below average).  There’s that slight chance of showers and storms Sunday evening.  If those don’t materialize, forecast models over the next 10-16 days simulate VERY little rain.  Of course, that can change – as forecasts beyond 5 days start to lose accuracy, but take a look at the 10-day total rainfall forecast by the European model:
10-day total precipitation forecast from European model (WeatherBell.com)
Jason is currently the Washington Post’s weather editor. A native Washingtonian, Jason has been a weather enthusiast since age 10.

Housing prices drop as investors prefer equity over realtyHousing prices drop as investors prefer equity over realty
Ravi Teja Sharma & Jwalit Vyas, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 10.55AM IST
Tags:
chief executive officer and manging director
(Prices of new residential…)
NEW DELHI | MUMBAI: The rapid rise in the stock market since the new government was formed has taken the sheen off real estate, where investments have not only dropped but investors are trying to monetise their existing assets, creating a scare of price correction. While the stock market has risen by over 12% since May 26 when the government was sworn in, property values have either remained stagnant or dropped in several micro-markets across the country.
"Many HNIs are today stuck with their existing real estate portfolios, so the surplus money they are now generating in the businesses is finding its way to the stock market," said Rajeev Bairathi, executive director, north and capital transactions group at Knight Frank India. Investors have also been worried about the huge delays in execution of real estate projects and the overall wait and watch attitude of end-users, which has impacted property sales.
Prices of new residential projects in the National Capital Region, for instance, was down 10% in June this year compared to a year ago. In Pune, it was down 25%, while in Bangalore it remained stagnant. Only Mumbai and Chennai saw a rise in prices in new launches, 24% and 17%, respectively, according to property research firm Liases Foras.
The price of unsold inventory has risen in most markets , though marginally — 4% in Bangalore and Chennai, 10% in Hyderabad and the NCR, 11% in Mumbai and 1% in Pune. The difference between the price of existing inventory lying with builders and new launches is a big concern. According to Liases Foras, the gap is the widest in the NCR with new launches being offered at almost 31% lower than existing inventory in June 2014. This was followed by Hyderabad at a gap of 17%. Pune stood at 14%, Bangalore at 9% and Mumbai at 4%.
Unsold inventory levels at the end of June 2014 stood at 765 million sq ft or about 7.6 lakh apartments, which would take about 35 months to be sold at the current pace of sales.
Where does one invest if you want to be part of the up cycle? "The easiest is equities as it is relatively liquid. Whenever there's a change, money first goes into the most liquid of assets," said Gulbir Madan, chairman of Brahma Management, an India-focused investment firm.
In the current year, Sensex has gained 28%, the BSE Midcap Index is up 46%, while the small cap Index has gained 67%. "Clearly, investors are shifting from real estate to equity with inflation coming down and improving macro situation. In addition to this, with the new government at the Centre, investors are now more confident of investing in equity," said Rajesh Cheruvu, chief investment officer - India, for Royal Bank of Scotland .
Cheruvu said there's a question mark in the minds of investors about affordability of property as prices had risen risen sharply and continue to remain high. The positive outcome of the elections as well as a stronger global recovery have revived the Indian economy in the last few months. The new government has also made the right kind of moves which has buoyed the stock market. "The risk appetite for equity is back among our clients. Property prices have remained weak for the last two years. By contrast, equity market appears attractive," said Rajesh Saluja, chief executive officer and manging director at Ask Wealth Advisors.
The Sensex, for instance, is trading at a price-earnings ratio of 16 against 32 times in its peak, which gives an idea of the returns that equity can generate. Pankaj Kapoor , managing director of Liases Foras, said the downward pressure on property prices today is pushing investors away from real estate. "They see very little hope of a turnaround any time soon."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt emanating positive signs: Prez | PM seeks report on work done in first 100 days(“After the new government…)
NEW DELHI: This was one birthday gift that Prime Minister Narendra Modi may not have expected.
President Pranab Mukherjee's praise of positive signs emanating from the BJP government, that he said may spur economic growth and had contained inflation, may be the most significant stamp of approval on its performance in the first 100 days. Interestingly, Mukherjee made two statements to this effect in as many days during his trip to Vietnam.
The first was when he chose to spoke extempore before the Indian diaspora in Ho Chi Minh City on Tuesday, where he also said global circumstances and luck were not on his side when the Indian economy slipped down in his tenure as the finance minister in the UPA government.
"After the new government came out with a massive mandate, they also worked out crucial policies," Mukherjee said. En route home on Wednesday, Mukherjee first said he would not take any political questions since he was the President and clarified that he was only stating facts on the Indian economy a day earlier.
But he then made an important addition. "The new government, after assuming office, has chartered a scheme, through which there are possibilities of having a larger FDI , GDP growth may increase and inflation has been contained. So, certain positive signs are there," Mukherjee said.
Ex-Cabinet Secretary and one of the country's most respected bureaucrats, Naresh Chandra , said Mukherjee's statements bring out the maturity of the Indian democracy. "I think he has been very fair and faithful to the high office he holds. If you are the President, it is your endeavour that the government of the day is successful.
This brings out the maturity of the Indian democracy where people like Pranab Mukherjee have risen above the old party lines," Chandra told ET. A senior government official said Mukherjee and Modi "get along well" and the former "appreciates the pro-activeness" of the new government on the economy front. "There have been no skirmishes between the government and the President on the governors' issue," the official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

G20 nations want Russia to attend leaders  summit‘G20 nations want Russia to attend leaders' summit’
PTI
Tweet
Cairns (Australia), Sept 20:  
Russian President Vladimir Putin is set to attend the G20 leaders’ summit in November despite alarm over Russia’s actions in Ukraine with host Australia today saying it was the “emphatic” wish of member nations.
There had been question marks over whether Moscow should be invited to the high-powered forum in Brisbane with the brutal five-month conflict that has killed around 3,000 people still unresolved.
Opposition to Putin’s attendance intensified after a Malaysia Airlines plane was shot down over eastern Ukraine in July, killing all 298 onboard, including 38 Australian citizens or residents.
Kiev and the West have accused separatists of downing it with a surface-to-air missile supplied by Russia —a charge Moscow denies.
As the G20’s rotating president, Australia has been canvassing the views of other member nations about what to do.
Despite Western concern about Moscow’s territorial ambitions, Treasurer Joe Hockey said the consensus was that Russia should attend the leaders’ summit to help address the geo-political tensions.
“If one party is to be excluded for various reasons then it requires the agreement of all parties to the G20,” he said at a meeting of G20 finance ministers and central bank governors in the northern Australian city of Cairns.
“We’ve consulted with a number of countries and the emphatic view came back that of course we expect Russia to attend the G20. They are a member of the G20 and we expect that they would attend the G20 meetings.”
A Russian delegation is in Cairns, led by deputy finance minister Sergei Storchak.
Hockey said several G20 nations had made clear that “the door should always remain open for communication in order to address some of the geo-political tensions involving Russia’’.
“So there was a view that the door should always remain open to keep the dialogue going because ultimately that will be the best way to alleviate some of the geo-political challenges that are faced by many countries by Russia’s actions, and others’ actions, over the last few months.”
A fragile European-brokered ceasefire sealed on September 5 has overall dramatically scaled back the fighting across industrial eastern Ukraine.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

White House partially evacuated after man climbs over its fenceWhite House partially evacuated after man climbs over its fence
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 20:  
In a rare occurrence, the White House was partially evacuated after a man climbed over its fence and sprinted through the lawn and the front door, minutes after President Barack Obama had left the high-security compound with his family.
The man, who was not armed, was apprehended just inside the front doors, secret service spokesman said, though accepting that the point of arrest “was unacceptable” and would be reviewed by the security agencies.
The man climbed over the White House fence last night and sprinted across the lawn, reaching as far as the front doors, before he was apprehended by the security officials, who had seen him jumping across the fence.
The incident happened soon after Obama, and the First Lady left the White House on chopper for Camp David, where they would spend their week-end.
The incident prompted a rare partial evacuation of the White House. Reporters and official staff were asked to vacate the premises and the building was locked down for some time.
The man, identified as Omar J. Gonzalez (42), was arrested and later taken to hospital for a medical examination. It was not clear why he had tried to intrude into the White House.
Although, it is not uncommon for people to hop the White House fence, seldom are they able to make it to the front door.
Only last week, on the anniversary of the September 11 attacks, a man had jumped the fence but was soon apprehended by the Secret Service officials and taken into custody.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Google  Mercedes  Audi get California permits for self-driving carsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

 Alibaba: China s Giant Online Shopping  CrocodileRBL Bank Plans to Launch IPO in Three Quarters
Shanghai: Alibaba has become by far the dominant e-commerce company in China, a country with the world's greatest number of Internet users, in only 15 years.
The Hangzhou-based company is largely unknown outside Greater China, but a historic listing on the New York Stock Exchange Friday and its recently-launched US shopping website, 11 Main, are expanding its global stature. (Also Read: Alibaba Shares Close Up 38% on Opening Day )
By raising $25.02 billion, Chinese online giant Alibaba has broken the record for the largest initial public offering in history. (Read: Largest IPOs in Stock Market History )
With ambitions beyond online retailing, the company is guided by Jack Ma, a diminutive yet charismatic onetime English teacher who is now a billionaire entrepreneur. (Read: Alibaba's Jack Ma Rides 'Forrest Gump' Story to Riches )
"Fifteen years ago, Alibaba's 18 founders were determined to set up a global Internet company originated by Chinese people, with hopes it would become one of the world's top 10 Internet companies, a company which will exist for 102 years," Mr Ma said in May, meaning the company would span three different centuries.
"We have a dream," said Mr Ma, who was on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Friday before trading opened. ( With Alibaba's Big Debut, 10 Things to Know )
"We hope in the next 15 years the world will change. We want to be bigger than Wal-Mart."
Alibaba had originally planned to list in Hong Kong, thereby staying on Chinese soil, but talks between the company and the exchange broke down last year because listing rules prevented Ma and top management from retaining control over the board of directors.
The controversial structure has proved to be an issue even with a US listing, prompting Alibaba to disclose the identities of more than 20 partners who have the power to appoint a majority of the corporate board.
"Unlike dual-class ownership structures that employ a high-vote class of shares to concentrate control in a few founders, our approach is designed to embody the vision of a large group of management partners," it argued in a filing with US regulators.
Ma chose the name Alibaba from "1,001 Nights" because it is easily pronounced in both Chinese and English, and the literary work's "open sesame" catchphrase signifies the company can "open a doorway to fortune for small businesses".
'Taobao Girls'
Alibaba is often described as the Chinese version of eBay. Like the US company, it has its own payments system, though it puts less emphasis on online auctions in favour of instant transactions.
Alibaba bested eBay in China over a decade ago, essentially forcing it to retreat.
"eBay may be a shark in the ocean, but I'm a crocodile in the Yangtze River. If we fight in the ocean, we lose, but if we fight in the river, we win," Mr Ma is famously quoted as saying.
Unlike another US online retailing giant, Amazon, Alibaba has no product stocks itself, instead connecting buyers and sellers.
Its consumer-to-consumer platform, Taobao, is estimated to hold more than 90 per cent of the Chinese market with over 800 million product listings and around 500 million registered users.
Taobao's presence is so pervasive in a country with more than half a billion Internet users that it has entered the lexicon: "Taobao Villages" are settlements of sellers while "Taobao Girls" are young women who model clothes on the site.
Another Alibaba platform, Tmall.com, is estimated to hold over half the market in China for business-to-consumer transactions.
Domestic competitors include JD.com, which listed on the US Nasdaq market in May, and a newly created upstart backed by property conglomerate Wanda Group -- the company of Wang Jianlin, who is worth $16 billion, according to publisher Forbes.
The surge in Alibaba's share price following its debut Friday lifted Ma's personal net worth to about $17 billion, making him the new richest man in China, Forbes said.
Ahead of the flotation, Alibaba has embarked on an acquisition frenzy aimed at expanding beyond its traditional online commerce business, though critics say it is already spending the money it will raise.
Recent deals include buying a 50 per cent stake in China's top football club Guangzhou Evergrande, purchasing domestic mobile browser developer UCWeb and paying $1.22 billion for a stake in top Chinese online video platform Youku Tudou.
Alibaba said it recorded profits of nearly $2 billion on revenue of $2.5 billion for the quarter ending June 30.
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 12:24 (IST)

Lovely song unveiled: Watch Deepika Padukones sultrymovesPrint
'Lovely' has Deepika in an avatar that is poles-apart from what she is in the song 'Manwa Lage' from 'Happy New Year'.
Written by Apurva Singh , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 1:10 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 1:36 pm
Bollywood’s sizzling beauty Deepika Padukone is a stunner once again in the new song ‘Lovely’ from her upcoming film ‘Happy New Year’.
The song launched recently has Deepika’s tantalizing pole dance in skimpy-jazzy clothes. The actress as Mohini sets the stage on fire with her sultry moves like never before.
‘Lovely’ has Deepika in an avatar that is poles-apart from what she is in the song ‘Manwa Lage’ from ‘Happy New Year’.
With crowd in the song cheering ‘Mohini, Mohini’, Deepika starts her killer moves on ‘Main lovely ho gayi yaar.. naam tera padh ke.” Just then enters the ruggedly handsome Shah Rukh Khan with Abhishek Bachchan.
In the song, sung by Kanika Kapoor, Ravindra Upadhyay, Miraya Varma and Fateh, Deepika Padukone is seen flaunting her super hot and perfectly shaped body.
The song has all you would want – from pole dance to a bit of belly dancing. Mohini, a bar dancer, in the film raises the bar completely with her oomph and beauty.
‘Happy New Year’, directed by Farah Khan, also features Abhishek Bachchan, Sonu Sood, Boman Irani and Vivaan Shah apart from Shah Rukh and Deepika. The film will hit the theatres on Diwali this year.
Watch the song:

Jitu fires gold  Shweta fetches bronze in Asiad shootingJitu fires gold  Shweta fetches bronze in Asiad shooting
18 IS jihadists killed fighting Syria Kurds:MonitorPrint
Agence-France Presse | Beirut | Posted: September 20, 2014 1:46 pm
At least 18 jihadists from the Islamic State group were killed in overnight clashes with Kurdish fighters in northern Syria near a strategic border, a monitoring group said on Saturday.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the 18 militants, reportedly including one of Chinese nationality, were killed in fighting near the town of Ain al-Arab, known to the Kurds as Kobane.
The Observatory said on Friday that Islamic State jihadists had seized 60 Kurdish villages near the Turkish border in a lightning two-day campaign as they close in on Ain al-Arab.
The town in Aleppo province is Syria’s third largest Kurdish town, and would give IS control of a long stretch of the country’s northern border with Turkey.
The fighting in the area has prompted an exodus of residents, many of whom have sought to cross into Turkey, which opened its border on Friday.
The Observatory said the fighting was continuing on today and reported “heavy clashes” in the area around Ain al-Arab.

Third India-Bangladesh Joint Consultative Commission meets in New Delhi todayThird India-Bangladesh Joint Consultative Commission meets in New Delhi today
Is the Alibaba euphoria going to last 9 things you should know about the IPOIs the Alibaba euphoria going to last 9 things you should know about the IPO
10 things to know about Alibaba IPO10 things to know about Alibaba IPO
Ken Sweet     New York   Last Updated: September 20, 2014  | 22:27 IST
Alibaba Executive Chairman Jack Ma gives the thumbs-up after speaking to journalists ahead of an IPO roadshow, inside a hotel in Hong Kong September 15, 2014. Photo: Reuters
China's e-commerce giant Alibaba began trading its shares Friday on the New York Stock Exchange. Here are ten things to know about Alibaba, and why its initial public offering made history:
THE BIGGEST
Alibaba raised $21.8 billion in its debut, making it the biggest U.S.-listed IPO in history after the IPO of credit card processing company Visa in 2008. If Alibaba's investment banks were to exercise their option to sell an additional 48 million shares, it could make Alibaba's IPO the biggest in the world, beating out the $22 billion IPO of Agricultural Bank of China in 2010.
DON'T FORGET YAHOO
It may have been a big day for Alibaba and its founder Jack Ma, but Yahoo's investors are feeling pretty good after Alibaba's IPO. Yahoo was an early investor in Alibaba, paying $1 billion for a stake in the company in 2005. Yahoo likely made $8.3 billion to $9.5 billion in Alibaba's IPO, and will still own a 16 percent stake in the company worth $37.7 billion.
ALIBABA ECLIPISES SILICON VALLEY
Alibaba now has a market capitalization of roughly $219.8 billion, according to FactSet. That makes the company bigger than some of the U.S. technology industry's most successful names, such as Facebook, eBay, and even Amazon.com.
ALL IN ONE
Investors are interested in Alibaba because the company dominates many businesses in China that, here in the U.S., are run by individual companies. Alibaba owns the websites Tmall and Taobao, which are similar to Amazon.com and eBay, respectively. The company also earns money from transaction fees related to its various businesses through Alipay, which is like PayPal. That's just three of Alibaba's many subsidiaries.
BIG PROFITS: Unlike the U.S. e-commerce giant Amazon, Alibaba has been consistently profitable. The company had $8.5 billion in sales in its latest fiscal year ending in March, with net income of $3.8 billion. The year prior, Alibaba had $5.4 billion in sales and $1.4 billion in profits. In comparison, Amazon sold $74.4 billion in goods in 2013, but made only $274 million in profits that year. In 2012, Amazon reported a net loss of $39 million.
RISKS
If Alibaba does well for investors, it will be the exception to what has been the trend for Chinese companies. When Chinese companies have listed stocks on American markets, their shares have lost an average 1 percent a year for the next three years, compared with an average 7 percent annual gain for other U.S. IPOs, according to research by Jay Ritter, a finance professor at the University of Florida.
SECOND TIME AROUND
This isn't Alibaba's first time going public. Alibaba took its online shopping portal Alibaba.com public in 2007 in Hong Kong. Alibaba.com was a publicly traded company only for a few years. Alibaba took Alibaba.com private in 2012.
SOLID GOLD
Jack Ma, who started Alibaba in 1999 in his apartment in the Chinese city of Hangzhou, is now among the richest people in the world. Ma's ownership in the company is worth roughly $18.2 billion, based on Alibaba's closing share price Friday. That doesn't include the shares he sold in the IPO, which are worth another $867 million, and his other investments. Bloomberg put his entire net worth at $21.9 billion, making him the 34th richest person in the world.
BIG WIN FOR NYSE
Alibaba chose to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange, making it the second A-list technology company to go public on the Big Board in less than a year. The NYSE handled Twitter's IPO last year. NYSE's competitor, the Nasdaq Stock Market, has struggled to win the business of big tech companies since Facebook's IPO in 2012, which was plagued with technical problems.
LIFE IS LIKE A BOX OF...
Jack Ma biggest hero is the fictional character Forrest Gump. "I really like that guy," Ma said, in an interview with business channel CNBC on Friday. "Every time I'm frustrated, I watch the movie. (The movie tells) me that no matter whatever changed, you are you."
 (AP) 

Jadavpur University says no apology from VC  claims websitehackedPress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: September 20, 2014 1:51 pm
With Jadavpur University students demanding the Vice Chancellor’s resignation over a molestation case, an apology message attributed to the VC was on Saturday posted on the varsity website, which official sources denied claiming the website has been hacked.
“I am sorry” – was the message posted on the website in VC Abhijit Chakrabarti’s page.
Registrar Pradip Ghosh clarified that he had spoken to the VC and the latter had not said anything of that sort.
“We have not done that. I have spoken to the VC who said he has not posted anything. The website is hacked. We will look into the matter,” Ghosh said.
Despite repeated attempts to get his comments, the VC remained incommunicado as his cell phone was switched off.
JU students have been boycotting classes demanding the VC’s resignation over the ongoing stalemate in the August 28 molestation case in campus following a police crackdown on agitating students.
The agitating students have held the VC responsible for police action against them on campus in the wee hours of September 17 when they had gheraoed the VC, Registrar and other officials seeking a fresh probe panel into a molestation case.

Yahoo rakes in multi-billion dollar jackpot from AlibabaIPOAlibaba Group founder Jack Ma (C) and Joseph Tsai (center L), vice chairman and co-founder, pose with employees during the company's IPO at the New York Stock Exchange. (Reuters)
Associated Press | San Francisco | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:32 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 1:59 pm
Yahoo is making amends for years of blundering with one smart move: an early investment in Alibaba Group that has turned into a multibillion dollar boon.
The latest windfall came with Alibaba’s record-setting IPO completed late Thursday, in which the Chinese e-commerce giant raised $25 billion. Alibaba’s shares began trading for the first time on Friday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Yahoo is in line to make $8.3 billion to $9.5 billion from the initial public offering, depending on whether investment bankers exercise their right within the next month to buy additional stock in the deal.
The payoff supplements the $7.6 billion jackpot that Yahoo collected two years ago after selling another chunk of its Alibaba holdings and reworked a licensing agreement with the company.
Even if Yahoo ends up selling its maximum allotment of 140 million shares in the IPO, the Sunnyvale, California, company will retain a roughly 16 percent stake in Alibaba Group Ltd. worth another $36 billion to $38 billion.
Not a bad return, considering Yahoo acquired its Alibaba stake for $1 billion in 2005 in a deal engineered by company co-founder Jerry Yang and former CEO Terry Semel.
The Alibaba investment has helped ease the pain of Yahoo’s struggles in Internet advertising, the heart of its business. Yahoo’s annual revenue has slipped from a peak of $7.2 billion in 2008 to a projected $4.5 billion this year, a decline of nearly 40 percent.
The downturn has occurred even as advertisers steadily shift more of their budgets to the Internet and mobile devices, but most of that money is flowing to Yahoo rivals such as Google Inc. and Facebook Inc. – companies that have built more compelling digital services.
Yahoo has gone through seven different CEOs since 2006, including current leader Marissa Mayer, trying to figure out how to rejuvenate its growth.
Wall Street’s exasperation with Yahoo’s financial malaise caused the company’s stock to sink below $9 in late 2008. The company’s stock is now hovering around $43, a level that hasn’t been touched since 2006. Most of the comeback occurred during the last two years as investors latched on to Yahoo’s stock to profit from Alibaba’s success leading up to the IPO.
Yahoo now must decide what to do with the money that will pour in from Alibaba’s IPO. Mayer has promised that at least half the amount, after taxes, will be returned to shareholders through dividends or, more likely, buying back stock. That leaves open the possibility that Yahoo might use the rest of the money from the Alibaba IPO to help finance an acquisition of another Internet company such as AOL Inc. or a hot startup continued…

Thailand test awaits Indian women in Asian Games footballUpdated: September 20, 2014 14:23 IST
Thailand test awaits Indian women in Asian Games football
PTI
PTI Indian Women Football team poses for a group photo before leaving for Asian Games. File photo
TOPICS
Summer Asian Games
Bruised and battered by South Korea in their last match, Indian women’s football team will have to regroup themselves quickly before they take on higher-ranked Thailand in their crucial final Group A encounter of the 17th Asian Games, in Incheon on Sunday.
After thrashing minnows Maldives 15-0, Indian eves were taught a footballing lesson by title favourites South Korea as they lost 0-10 to the hosts in their next game.
But despite the big loss, India have qualified for the quarterfinal of the 11-team competition. As per the rule of the competition, top two teams from each of the three groups plus the two best third-placed sides will advance to the quarterfinals.
But it won’t be an easy outing against the Thai girls on Sunday as they are ranked 29th in the world and sixth in Asia as against India’s 50th position in FIFA rankings and 11th in Asia.
Thailand would definitely start as favourites against a demoralised Indian outfit, who would be missing their skipper Bembem Devi after she picked two yellow cards against South Korea.
India’s coach Tarun Roy too admitted that the defeat against South Korea was demoralising and his defensive tactics came a cropper.
“We were blown up by our own bomb. It was 5-4-1 system, the girls were new to it, and it was done keeping in mind Korea’s all out attacking style. I wanted our team to break on the counter. But the house came down within 10 minutes,” Roy said ahead of tomorrow’s all-important clash.
“Maldives were accommodating, and I admit it was an easier outing. But nevertheless scoring 15 goals is not a matter of joke and does not happen every day. Taking it up from there, the manner of defeat (against Korea) was all the more disappointing,” he said.
“They (the girls) know they have been dismal. We failed to stitch a concrete move. But that is life and you have to keep the past behind,” Roy added.
With the 5-4-1 strategy failing big time, India are expected to go back to their tried and tested 4-2-3-1 system against Thailand with Ashalata Devi filling up the place of suspended Bembem’s place in the midfield and Radharani Devi partnering Romi Devi in central defence.
Just like India, Thailand too have three points like from two games – 10-0 win over Maldives and 0-5 defeat at the hands of group leaders South Korea.
“This will be a make or break game for us,” said India coach Roy.

See 10-12% upside in JK Cement: Anu JainLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See 10-12% upside in JK Cement: Anu Jain
Anu Jain of IIFL Private Wealth Management is of the view that JK Cement may add 10-12 percent more.
Post your opinion here
Taking Stock
Anu Jain of IIFL Private Wealth Management told CNBC-TV18, "As a sector cement is giving very clear signals that it is not going to stop. So obviously there has been a momentum build-up which has already happened for a certain percentage points. So we saw JK Cement and India Cement. Corporate governance is now out of the window, it is just momentum. I think that is definitely going to continue. If somebody wants to take a trading position or an investment position it is just the type of stocks you get in for that. So that is definitely going to be a positive bias."
She further added, "I was looking at charts of JK Lakshmi , JK Cement , UltraTech Cement  and India Cement . Even though JK cement moved up quite substantially, it is looking good for even about another 10-12 percent more; same with India Cement and Orissa Cement. So the small caps which are not so liquid probably the larger caps could give you 3-5 percent in the week," she added.
"There is a positive bias on pharma also, so  Dr Reddy's Laboratories which is in the large cap is looking like it could probably give you another 4-5 percent. So that stays on the long side. Another sector which is showing accumulation but which has not yet given a breakout is the PSU banks. There is a certain amount of bottom formation which has happened in this period. One can see whether it is smaller names like  UCO Bank or larger names like State Bank of India , some kind of action is starting to happen but it won’t happen in the next week. I probably expect it in the October series to see some kind of breakout there," she said.
RELATED NEWS

Prefer Maruti Suzuki  says Anu JainLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prefer Maruti Suzuki, says Anu Jain
Anu Jain of IIFL Private Wealth Management prefers Maruti Suzuki India.
Post your opinion here
Taking Stock
Anu Jain of IIFL Private Wealth Management told CNBC-TV18, " Maruti Suzuki India is looking good because of the yen factor. It has broken out yesterday, so I would place my bets on Maruti moving up very sharply. So there is a chance of another 4-5 percent coming over the next two-three weeks. So that would be a top pick out there."
She further added, "In the market, there is more of a sector rotation happening, so once you are in the right stocks, one should just stay into it. It is more a question of not doubting the market and staying contented which is for all things in life. So there is a lot more to come."
 

Jihadi ideologue calls for freeing British hostageJihadi ideologue calls for freeing British hostage
Nagaland s taekwondo team makes India proud at an event in South KoreaNagaland s taekwondo team makes India proud at an event in South Korea
European leaders welcome Scottish vote for united UKEuropean leaders welcome Scottish vote for united UK
Heat on border is a jolt for Modi-Xi warmthHeat on border is a jolt for Modi-Xi warmth
Buy Arvind  Ashok Leyland  Voltas on dips: Anu JainLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Arvind, Ashok Leyland, Voltas on dips: Anu Jain
Anu Jain of IIFL Private Wealth Management advises buying Arvind, Ashok Leyland and Voltas on dips.
Post your opinion here
Taking Stock
Anu Jain of IIFL Private Wealth Management told CNBC-TV18, " Arvind has moved up substantially from Rs 200 to about Rs 340. From Rs 340 a correction to about Rs 310 levels is a very logical correction. I think anywhere close to Rs 300 it would become a buy again, so would look at it as a buy, Voltas also.”
"Arvind,  Ashok Leyland and  Voltas are good but first would be Arvind, second Voltas and third would be Ashok Leyland. On dips all three continue to be strong buys," she said.
RELATED NEWS

Deliverables were 64% on friday against weekly average of 44%. pe is ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ghar me dabur castrol ifci kopran mtnl hcl info kei rako other all sha...Silver Member
4 Followers
share market ki chal deko kab sota ha kab jagta ha kahase cadta kahase utataha -----bus etna dhayan rakoge to paisa hi paisa ha --last diwala ha ja har bar hota ha  koe bach nahi patah   1992--2000---2008 --ko deko 2016 me bachne ki tayarikaro?
2.39 PM Sep 20th

It will touch 200 in 2 weeeks time mark my wordsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yen is going strong and put writing more than call so maruti will go u...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Top 10 billionaire countries  Airlines  cancellation rates  Indian rupee  Sensex  Nifty  Gold  on Sept 17  2014Top 10 billionaire countries, Airlines' cancellation rates, Indian rupee, Sensex, Nifty, Gold price, on September 17, 2014
Thu Sep 18 2014, 10:43 hrs
India has retained its sixth position in terms of number of billionaires with 100 such people collectively having USD 175 billion in networth, while globally the number of uber-rich has reached a record high of 2,325 persons. Graph: PTI
Scheduled Domestic Airlines cancellation rate (August 2014). Graph: PTI
Indian rupee through the day against US dollar. The Indian rupee appreciated for the second day in a row and ended 13 paise higher at 60.92 against the Greenback following sustained dollar selling by exporters ahead of a decision on US interest rates by Federal Reserve. Graph: PTI
Indian rupee vs US dollar. A weak dollar overseas also aided the rupee rise while fresh sell-off by foreign funds in domestic stocks capped the currency's gains, forex dealers said. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex Intraday Movement. The 30-issue BSE Sensex today resumed strong in line with rally in Asian stocks and moved in positive terrain throughout the day before concluding at 26,631.29 -- a rise of 138.78 points or 0.52 per cent. In last straight two days, it had plummeted 568.53 points or 2.10 per cent. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex: Top Gainers, Top Losers. After two days of sharp losses, the benchmark Sensex today rebounded from three-week lows and closed with a gain of 139 points in line with positive global markets on hopes Fed will retain its low interest rate regime and China will pump fresh funds in banks to boost lending. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty throughout the day. The broader 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also recovered today as it rose 42.60 points, or 0.54 per cent, to 7,975.50. Graph: PTI
Gold and silver prices. Gold prices drifted further to hit a fresh three-month low at the domestic bullion market here today owing to sustained speculative selling as well as uneasy overseas sentiment ahead of Fed's rate hike decision. Graph: PTI
Reader´s Comments

UP: Vijay Mallya summoned by Bulandshahr courtComments
Kingfisher Airlines chairman-cum-managing director Vijay Mallya has been summoned by a court in Bulandshahr on a pilot's petition alleging that the company was withholding his payment dues.
Finding Mallya "prima-facie" guilty of fraud and criminal breach of trust (under section 420 and 406 of IPC), Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate Umakant Jindal has summoned him along with company Vice Chairman Roopi Arya.
The court's order came in the wake of a complaint filed in court by a co-pilot of the airline contending that the accused were not paying his dues amounting to over Rs. 28 lakh notwithstanding a written assurance by Arya.
Akash Sharma, the complainant, asserted that he had joined Deccan Aviation Company as a co-pilot in 2006 which was later taken over by Kingfisher that later abandoned its operation in 2012.
Despite assurances by Arya, Rs. 28.50 lakh were not paid to him, he alleged in his petition.
The court has also directed Superintendent of Police Bengalaru to ensure attendance of the accused in court of ACJM here on October 6.

NBCC likely to develop Andhra Pradesh capital VijaywadaNBCC likely to develop Andhra Pradesh capital Vijaywada
Navadha Pandey/Shishir Sinha
Anoop Kumar Mittal, Chairman and Managing Director of NBCC
New Delhi, September 17:  
Andhra Pradesh Government is in advanced stage of talks with National Buildings Construction Corporation for the development of capital city Vijaywada.
NBCC Chairman and Managing Director Anoop Kumar Mittal told BusinessLine that it would involve construction of the Assembly House, Government offices and Government housing colonies apart from real estate.
The Navratna company is currently working on a proposal to reconstruct the Andhra Bhawan in New Delhi. The plan comes in the wake of the bifurcation of the State and the land housing the Bhavan will be divided between Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. 
Mittal said, “During the meeting to decide the redevelopment of Andhra Bhawan, Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu suggested the prospects of NBCC developing Vijaywada as well as the State.”
A roadmap is in the works as it is almost certain that NBCC will contribute in the development of Vijaywada, which is tipped to be the country’s first smart city, he added. The project is expected to rake in huge turnover for the public sector undertaking.
Land prices
Meanwhile, huge speculation is currently going on in the real estate market of Vijaywada. Sandip Patnaik, Managing Director (Hyderabad), JLL India, said, “Land prices have shot up by 200-300 per cent. The rates are costlier compared to Hyderabad which makes Vijaywada unviable for residential projects in the short term.” While speculators are going to rule the market with unfeasible rates, it will take one to one-and-a-half years for the price hike to come down, Patnaik said, adding that corporates will come in to buy office space only after 3-4 years.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Infosys partners Huawei; extends pact with Microsoft  HitachiInfosys partners Huawei; extends pact with Microsoft, Hitachi
Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 18, 2014
First Published: 22:11 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 03:05 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
India's second largest software services firm Infosys on Thursday said it has partnered China's Huawei Technologies to offer enterprise cloud, big data and communication solutions. The announcement comes amidst visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping.
India has pressed its neighbour for export of IT services and promotion of tourism between the two countries.
China has committed $20 billion investment in India over the next five years and has agreed to provide greater market access to Indian products in farm, pharma and gems & jewellery sectors, with a view to reducing trade gap.
The Bangalore-based firm also expanded its partnership with US-based tech giant Microsoft on cloud services and with Hitachi Data Systems (HDS), a subsidiary of Japan-based Hitachi, on infrastructure and data centre solutions.
Infosys, a systems integration partner of Microsoft, will also establish a global 'centre of excellence' for Microsoft Azure Machine Learning that will train over 1,000 engineers by the end of fiscal year 2015, it said in a statement.
The firm in partnership with HDS will offer enterprises infrastructure and data centre transformation solutions and will also set up a centre of excellence for 'pay-per-use' solutions.
The IT services major said it will build a broad range of predictive analytics offerings using Microsoft Azure Machine Learning to help enterprises adopt and use advanced analytic tools and algorithms.
Infosys will accelerate its efforts to design frameworks, tools and accelerators to improve end user productivity for the digital workforce on Microsoft cloud platforms. These platforms, including Microsoft Office 365 and Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online, complement Azure solutions, it added.
Meanwhile, the firms will jointly develop IT solutions that combine Huawei's cloud infrastructure and service expertise from Infosys. These solutions will target enterprise customers looking to modernise their operations by leveraging cloud infrastructure.
Both parties will build reference architectures and standardised solutions for big data platforms, on Huawei hardware infrastructure, for joint go-to-market efforts.
Infosys' Cloud Ecosystem Hub, a solution that helps firms build and manage a unified hybrid cloud environment, will be integrated with Hitachi's Unified Compute Platform (UCP) to reduce time-to-market and simplify complex migrations.
The combination will enable enterprises to move to a 100 per cent virtualised environment with management, orchestration and hypervisor integration, Infosys said.

SRK: The greatest businessman can walk away from a deal if it doesnt feel rightComments
Shah Rukh Khan, the badshah of Bollywood and the promoter of Kolkata Knight Riders, Kidzania and Red Chillies, believes that a business or a product can be complicated, but it should work simply. Of the view that earnings from endorsements could translate into bigger and better films, Khan says the greatest businessman on earth is one who is ready to walk away from the most lucrative deal, not because of money, but because it doesn’t feel right.
Edited excerpts.
What role have endorsements played in your stardom?
They have allowed me to do the kind of films that I want to. There have been days when I have picked up the phone and said “Are you signing me on for next year? Can you pay me now, because I am making my film?” Kolkata Knight Riders and Kidzania are separate businesses on their own, but everything else allows me to make the films and choose the films I would like to do. Actors used to look down upon appearances in advertising, saying, “I am an actor, I am enigmatic, I cannot be overexposed.” I changed that because I felt I could take these earnings and put them into bigger and better films.
You said that brands and brand ambassadors share a symbiotic relationship. What happens when you as a brand ambassador is targeted for anger against a brand, or the other way around?
At a macro level, if it is legal, there is nothing wrong in doing it. I think that if any company or product puts a face on their business, such as Tag Heuer, for example, which is more than 100 years old, it is a big risk. If someone says, let’s take a face and make our whole company work towards this man’s face, then it is a big honour. And yes, I have been picked on for doing certain ads, like the one I did for a fairness brand.
How does Shah Rukh Khan the person evaluate and nurture brand Shah Rukh Khan?
If I were to write a book on the science of how this brand was built, it would finish off in one sentence — it was a happy accident. The people I have worked with have somehow managed to create a character and brand out of me. I have a wonderful team of ladies who question my choices more than I do. I go by instinct. And of course the films I have done. It’s a little more exaggerated than it is true, but I am happy how it has built up. I try to keep up but it’s a pain when you’re made to be such a good guy. I am an employee of the myth of Shah Rukh Khan. So I keep working. It is a lot of hard work —18 hours a day. But when you wear a dark suit and go for an IPO, you have to talk like that. It is difficult.
Are you worried that to some extent, the health of Kolkata Knight Riders, Kidzania and Red Chillies depend on your name?
They do and it’s not a nice thing. Which is why none of these is named after me. I am only their brand ambassador. I have sort of been shifted out of the marketing of KKR. They tell me to just come and wave with my kids. They don’t need me for the ads. I did a press conference for Kidzania a year-and-a-half after running it. The name Red Chillies stems from the fact that I don’t want it to be named Shah Rukh Khan Productions. I am completely anti that. Hopefully, in two-three years it will be an individual company, which could have been promoted by me to start off with. Also the name Red Chillies  because, in case it fails, we can always start a Mexican restaurant!
Any tips for CEOs and CMOs reading this?
First, keep it extremely simple. Your business or product can be extremely complicated to make, but it should work simply. Like mobile phones. Second, don’t get into a business if you don’t have the passion for it. Third, there are people who sell off their businesses —I don’t understand that. You live with the business and you die with it. If it’s done well, you should be feeling blessed and  if it hasn’t, it should take you down... Fourth, every business has a gestation period. This is especially true for young start-ups. Just when you begin to lose hope, it will come back. Like KKR. We kept losing and now we are champions twice over. So don’t give up. Last, in business, there are only two decisions to take — you either do it or you don’t. There is no but, maybe, perhaps. If you are ready to walk away from the most lucrative deal, not because of money, but because it doesn’t feel right, you will be the greatest businessman on earth.
The business of being Shah Rukh Khan, as told by the King himself

Hyundai bids $10 billion for an office buildingHyundai bids $10 billion for an office building
Reuters  Seoul, September 19, 2014
First Published: 00:26 IST(19/9/2014) | Last Updated: 03:06 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
Hyundai Motor Group will pay a record $10 billion for a 79,342 square metre (854,030 square foot) plot for its new headquarters in Seoul’s high-end Gangnam district, out-bidding Samsung Electronics and sparking investor concerns that it is wasting cash on trophy property.
Hyundai’s 10.55 trillion won ($10.14-billion) was more than triple the appraisal value, and  also the highest price by far for a single piece of land in Asia since the global financial crisis, according to CBRE Research, topping the $3.6 billion paid last year by Hong Kong’s Sun Hung Kai Properties for a site in Shanghai.
Investors and analysts expressed alarm at the price at a time when it could be pouring money into higher dividends or more factories.
The news sent Hyundai Motor Co’s shares down by 9%, sister firm Kia Motors 7.8% and parts maker Hyundai Mobis Co, also in the bid group, 7.9%; the trio lost $8 billion in market value.
“The bid price is nonsense,” said Kim Sung-soo, a fund manager at LS Asset Management and an investor in all the three firms. “Even taking into account competition with Samsung, the bid price is excessive.” It will cost another $6 billion to develop the property.

Pound hits two-year high against euro on Scotland resultsComments
The British pound surged to a more than two-year high against the euro Friday, while it also rallied against the dollar as early results suggested Scotland will vote against independence from the United Kingdom.
The euro tumbled to 0.7809 pounds in early Tokyo trade, down from 0.7882 pounds and its lowest level since July 2012, as dealers welcomed initial returns pointing to a disappointing night for the "Yes" camp.
Sterling also jumped to $1.6522, its highest level since early September and much stronger than the $1.6389 in New York. It is also well up from the $1.6227 in Asia earlier Thursday.
Better Together with UK: Scotland votes against independence
The pound hit a six-year high of 180.16 yen, up from 178.78 yen Thursday.
The pound had suffered a sell-off in the past week after an opinion poll showed a majority of people in favour of leaving the 307-year-old union, which would have  hammered the economy.
"As we await the results of the Scottish Independence vote to come through this afternoon, the (pound) is anticipating that the 'No' vote will win," National Australia Bank said in a note.
In July, sterling hit its highest level against the dollar since 2008 during the financial crisis, but then plummeted to a 10-month low as polls showed strong gains for the "Yes" campaign.
A vote to stay in the United Kingdom "would remove uncertainty over some very big issues", said Alan Ruskin, global head of G10 foreign-exchange strategy at Deutsche Bank.
The pound "can now revert back to the traditional fundamentals which had been driving it, such as the relative strength of the UK economy and expectations of tightening by the Bank of England", he told Dow Jones Newswires.

Khoobsurat  review: Sonam Kapoor is not half-bad  Fawad catches the eyePrint
Moview review ‘Khoobsurat’: The movie is bubblegum-y and air-headed and good-natured.
Written by Shubhra Gupta | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 1:53 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 9:48 am
Cast: Sonam Kapoor, Fawad Khan, Ratna Pathak Shah, Kirron Kher, Amir Raza Hussain, Aditi Rao Hydari, Prosenjit Chatterji
Director : Shashanka Ghosh
Rating: ***
A modern day fairytale, loosely based on the Hrishikesh Mukherjee comedy of the same name, helmed by Sonam Kapoor? I dreaded going into ‘Khooburat’, plagued as I was by dark thoughts of Kapoor’s previous botched attempts at carrying off real characters, which ranged from the terribly twee (‘Aisha’), to the mercifully short (‘Bhaag Milkha Bhaag’).
One of the most pleasant surprises of ‘Khoobsurat’, I’m happy to report, is that Kapoor is not half-bad. She is well suited to the film’s general tone which is suitably perky and giggly, and unapologetically silly: Sonam Kapoor’s introduction has her character give off an unselfconscious titter , and that sets the tenor for her, and the film.
Dr Mili Chakravarty (Sonam Kapoor) shows up at a ‘rajmahal’ which has a wheelchair-bound morose middle-aged noble (Hussain), his discipline-loving martinet of a wife (Ratna Pathak Shah), and their children–a daughter on the point of rebellion, and a dishy son (Khan) who roams about in vintage cars, striking deals involving mouldering castles and their reluctant owners.
From the first frame, you know that the film is set up as the coming together of the motor-mouth prole Mili and the high-nosed prince Vikram Singh Rathore. What saves ‘Khubsoorat’ from drowning in predictability are the unexpected touches, woven into the writing, and some spiffy acting .
The film brims with standard tropes: jodhpurs and jeans, stuffed shirts and stiff upper lips, loose-limbed girls going ‘bakar-bakar’, ‘khammaghanis’ and bristling ‘saafas’. This is Rajasthan, so of course the ‘rani sahiba’ is immaculately coiffed and wears bespoke printed chiffons and fat pearls, the ‘raja sahib’ twirls his wine glass and rolls his Rs. The handsome scion is worthy and well-dressed and betrothed to a beauty (Aditi Rao Hydari) who looks as if she would fit well into their lifestyle of dinner at the stroke of eight, and a starched napkin beside the plate, please.
Into this becalmed set-up arrives Mili, the girl who will do everything wrong, but will ultimately set everything right. And everything proceeds according to plan,  scattering a bunch of smiles as it goes along.
The plot, and pace, slackens in between. The song-and-dance bits are completely superfluous, even if the lyrics and the tunes are spirited. But the rest compensates. Kirron Kher as the down-to-earth Punjabi mother, who could easily sleepwalk through the role given how much practice she’s had at it, has the film’s best lines, and makes us guffaw. The gang at the palace– the frosty mama bear who will melt, the grouchy papa bear who will throw out a leg, the oppressed girl who will burst free, and the frog who will learn to pucker up– are all up to the mark.
The frog aka the Pakistani hearthrob Fawad Khan, who has amassed a continued…

Govt caps prices of 36 more essential drugsAditya Kalra and Zeba Siddiqui     New Delhi/Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 16:57 IST
The medicines join the 348 drugs deemed essential (Photo: Reuters)
India has capped the prices of 36 drugs, including those used to treat infections and diabetes, in its latest move to make essential medicines more affordable, a senior official of the country's drug pricing authority told Reuters on Friday.
The medicines join the 348 drugs deemed essential and that are therefore subject to price caps, covering up to 30 per cent of the total drugs sold in the country where less than 20 per cent of its people are covered by health insurance .
Global and Indian drugmakers have been hit by wide-ranging government-imposed price reductions in the last one year in India. Industry officials say prices in the country are already among the lowest in the world.
"This is a straight-forward, most predictable, overdue action which has been done by us," the official at the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) said, declining to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter.
Drugmakers, including Cipla, Ranbaxy Laboratories, and Cadila Healthcare, are among the companies that will be affected by the latest decision, research firm AIOCD Pharmasofttech AWACS said.
Cipla, Ranbaxy and Cadila did not immediately respond to Reuters requests for comment.
An official at the Department of Pharmaceuticals, which controls the drug pricing authority, confirmed the price cap move, but declined to give details.
Ciprofloxacin, a common antibiotic that is sold by many companies including Ranbaxy and Cipla , is among the drugs whose prices were capped by the latest order. The research firm said the cap would shrink the drug's market value by 51 per cent.
People directly involved in the process told Reuters in June that the government was likely to raise the number of drugs that are in the essential medicines list and subject to price caps to improve affordability.
The NPPA is drawing up a list of mass consumption, essential life-saving drugs which it thinks should be included in the essential medicines list, said the senior official at the pricing authority on Friday.
The recommendations will be sent to health ministry by mid-October, he said.
The authority in July had also capped the prices of more than 100 medicines that are not part of the essential medicines list. The pharmaceutical industry has challenged the move in local courts.
(Reuters)

JP Power violates capacity norms in Karcham Wangtoo projectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JP Power violates capacity norms in Karcham Wangtoo proj
The company has installed four units of 300 MW each taking the total to 1200 megawatt capacity but the original approval was just for about 250 megawatts each four units.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
Jaiprakash Power  stock has come under pressure as reports suggest that the company's Karcham Wangtoo Project at Himachal Pradesh has breached rules on installed capacity. The company has set up 4 units of 300 MW each versus the approval of 250 MW.
This could mean a big blow as far as JP Power is concerned for this Karcham Wangtoo plant given the massive deal they have done with  Reliance Power .
The company has installed four units of 300 MW each taking the total to 1200 megawatt capacity but the original approval was just for about 250 megawatts each four units. The approval was for 1000 megawatt but the company installed more than that. This is something which has been known but now it has been brought up by the papers and the central electricity authority (CEA) and the central water commission (CWC) that have got involved. CEA and CWC are purely technical bodies and are involved in projects of the hydro power at the inception stage.
The analysts now fear that if the CEA revoke the techno commercial clearance that was given for the entire project or if they restrict the operations up until the approved level there could be a problem for the 200 megawatt and the merchant power that they are generating out of it.
The company had struck that deal with Reliance Power for Rs 12000 crore or so for two of their units, and Karcham Wangtoo being one of the key ones in that.
Analysts are keeping an eye on what CEA uploads on its website and their key observations. However most of the analysts believe that since this has not happened in the past it is difficult to understand what will be the kind of damage or the ramifications that come in.
It is likely that the company could have to face a severe penalty which they would have to give away from their cash flows. That could be a negative for the stock and could jeopardise the valuations that Reliance Power had given them originally.
On the back of that there could be some revision to that amount of Rs 12000 crore, which could also dent the debt reduction plans in case Reliance Power decides to trim certain details of this.
So for now it is definitely a negative as far as Jaiprakash Power is concerned.
RELATED NEWS

Alibaba shares surge more than 40% in Wall Street debutAlibaba shares surge more than 40% in Wall Street debut
AFP  New York, September 19, 2014
First Published: 09:39 IST(19/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:28 IST(20/9/2014)
Comments
A buying frenzy sent Alibaba shares sharply higher on Friday as the Chinese online giant made its historic Wall Street trading debut.
In early trades after the record public share offering, Alibaba leapt from an opening price of $68 to nearly $100 and, while it dropped back, was still up some 38% at $94.08 after 10 minutes.
Company founder Jack Ma was on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange before trading opened, while a group of Alibaba customers rang the opening bell.
By raising as much as $25 billion, Chinese online giant Alibaba is poised to break the record for the largest initial public offering in history.
Priced at $68 a share, Alibaba has raised $21.7 billion with the offering of 320 million shares.
If underwriters exercise the option for 48 million additional shares, the amount would top $25 billion, breaking the 2010 record set by China's AgBank of $22.1 billion.
Speaking to CNBC television from the trading floor, Ma said he was "very honored, and so excited" by the market debut and that he sees enormous growth potential for Alibaba.
"We have a dream," he said. "We hope in the next 15 years the world will change. We want to be bigger than Wal-Mart."
He added that he sees Alibaba as a company that will have a huge impact: "We hope people say in 15 (years) this is a company like Microsoft, like IBM."
Upbeat analysts
Some analysts were also upbeat about Alibaba, which dominates the Chinese online retail space with Taobao.com and TMall.com.
"Alibaba has become the biggest e-commerce firm in the world in terms of gross merchandise volume," the research firm Trefis said, setting a target price of $80 per share.
"Alibaba will continue to retain the mammoth share of online shoppers, even if it is not able to increase it much."
Youssef Squali at Cantor Fitzgerald recommending buying Alibaba.
Alibaba "starts trading today and with it comes the opportunity to invest in China's largest e-commerce platform, which we believe has the potential to dominate global online commerce over time," the analyst said in a note to clients.
"While the stock's not cheap, we believe the company's outsized growth and margin profiles, if sustained, should support higher valuation over time."
The IPO allows investors to get a piece of the huge Chinese market, but it also will fuel Alibaba's international ambitions.
Alibaba's consumer services are similar to a mix of those offered by US Internet titans eBay, PayPal and Amazon, and it also operates services for wholesalers.
The company earlier this year announced plans for a US marketplace called 11 Main, which is currently in a test phase.
Alibaba Group made a profit of nearly $2 billion on revenue of $2.5 billion in the quarter ending June 30. Revenue rose 46 percent from the same period a year earlier.
Alibaba decided to list in New York because it wanted an alternative class share structure to give selected minority shareholders extra control over the board; the Hong Kong bourse declined to change its rules to allow this.
A US government panel has warned of risks to investors because of a complex corporate structure. Alibaba is registered in the Cayman Islands and controlled by a partnership through a series of shell companies.
The IPO is also a major event for US-based Yahoo, which bought a 40% stake in the Chinese online giant in 2005 for $1 billion and still holds 22.4%.
The California company is expected to walk away with close to $10 billion by paring that stake down to 16.3%.

Pension Fund Regulator Sets Up Panel to Assess Investment GuidelinesYou are here: Home Your Money
Pension Fund Regulator Sets Up Panel to Assess Investment Guidelines
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 20, 2014 00:55 (IST)
Inform Customers About Fall in Minimum Balance: RBI to Banks
New Delhi: The Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) has set up an expert committee under the chairmanship of former Sebi chairman G N Bajpai to review investment guidelines for the pension system, other than for government employees, and suggest changes to make the scheme more attractive.
"After the notification of the Act in February 2014, this is the first time we are going through a wholesale review of investment guidelines in the light of experience gained so far and emerging market dynamic, including investible opportunities for the pension fund," PFRDA acting chairman R V Verma told PTI.
The panel will, among other things, "review current investment guidelines for NPS schemes for private sector and recommend changes or new schemes", PFRDA said in a notification.
The six-member panel would also make recommendations on any other related issue which has a bearing on the investment pattern of New Pension System and will affect the interest of subscribers to the NPS such as active and passive management.
It has been mandated to consider and analyse different types of instruments under schemes E, C, G based on domestic and international study or experience, it said, adding that it would be based on the analysis to recommend instruments under each asset class with suitable exposure limits as appropriate.
"We are looking at making the whole pension eco-system under National Pension System (NPS) more efficient, cost-effective and market-driven with due regard to risk management and risk mitigation measures," he said.
"The purpose is to examine all the issues connected with investment guidelines, including product design, market, prudential norms, expansion of number of subscribers and the corpus," he added.
The penal which is expected to submit its report in six weeks would also look into the monitoring and supervision mechanism over pension fund manager investment portfolio. Members of the panel are Deepak Satwalekar, former CEO and managing director at HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company; S B Mathur, former LIC chairman; C R Murlidharan, former Irda member and Madhavi Das, executive director, PFRDA.
In 2010, the PFRDA had set up a committee headed by G N Bajpai and entrusted it with the task of analysing the fee structure and suggesting changes to the National Pension System (NPS).
The central government had introduced the New Pension System (NPS) in January 2004.
Initially, the New Pension System covered new entrants to central government services (excluding Armed Forces) and some state government services.
From May 1, 2009, PFRDA has extended NPS to all citizens of India, including workers of the unorganised sector. NPS has garnered a total of 71 lakh subscribers by July 31, 2014 and is managing above Rs 58,000 crore of funds.
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 23:28 (IST)

Shweta Chaudhary wins bronze in womens 10m air pistolUpdated: September 20, 2014 09:35 IST
Shweta Chaudhary wins bronze in women’s 10m air pistol
IANS
AP Shweta, a part of the silver winning team in 2006 Doha Asian Games, shot a total of 176.4 in the final to clinch the bronze medal.
TOPICS
sports event
Shweta Chaudhary helped India get its first medal in the 2014 Asian Games after she won the bronze medal in the women’s 10m air pistol at the Ongnyeon International Shooting Range.
Shweta, a part of the silver winning team in 2006 Doha Asian Games, shot a total of 176.4 in the final to clinch the bronze medal while the silver went to South Korean Jung Jeehae (201.3) and China’s Zhang Mengyuan (202.2) won the gold. Jung won the World Championships earlier this month in Grenada, Spain.
World number 46 Shweta took everybody by surprised as he she finished fourth in the qualifying round with a score of 383. She had a series of 97, 94, 97 and 95 and also had 13x.
Among other Indians, former world number 1 Heena Sidhu and Commonwealth Games silver medallist Malaika Goel disappointed and failed to qualify for the final round. Heena, world number 4, shot a series of 94, 97, 92, 95, that included 12x, to finish 13th with a score of 378 in the qualifying round while 16-year-old Malaika, World No.20, was 24th with a score of 373. Malaika had a series of 91, 96, 91, 95 and had 8x.
The Indian team finished fifth with a score of 1134 in the team event.
Chinese markswomen Guo Wenjun, Zhang Mengyuan and Zhou Qingyuan team gold with a score of 1146. It was the fourth consecutive time for China to take the first gold medal at the Asian Games since 2002 Busan Asiad.
The 2008 and 2012 Olympic champion Guo, and her teammates Zhang and Zhou, executed a stable and consistent performance to finish first with a winning total of 1,146 points. Chinese Taipei ranked second by five points, and the bronze medal went to Mongolia, who got 1,140 points.

Bihar toilet project founder is $1 00 000-global award finalistComments
US Northwestern university environmental engineering graduate Anoop Jain, who started a project for greater toilet access to the residents of a Bihar village, is one of two Indians among the four finalists for a $1,00,000 global citizen award.
Anoop Jain, who started a project for greater toilet access to the residents of a Bihar village, is one of two Indians among the four finalists for a $1,00,000 global citizen award.
The award will be presented next week at a function in the iconic central park of the US city of New York next week, to be attended by visiting Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Apart from Jain, Swapnil Chaturvedi is the other Indian finalist for the Waislitz global citizen award which is presented to an individual who meets the criteria of global citizenship, impact, innovation and potential.
The winner of the contest will be announced at the global citizen festival in New York on on September 27, which is expected to be attended by Modi and a slew of other global leaders.
Other VVIP guests expected to be present include UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon, Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, World Bank president Jim Yong Kim, Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg and Nepal's Prime Minister Sushil Koirala.
According to the organizers of the event, Modi will highlight the need to bring an end to open defecation in India.
Jain and Chaturvedi have been shortlisted for the award for their efforts to improve sanitation facilities and increase public access to toilets.
Chaturvedi is the founder of 'Samagra Sanitation' which focuses on providing sanitation services to the urban poor. Since March 2013, 'Samagra' is implementing its sanitation engagement platform called 'Loo Rewards' in two urban slums of Pune.
Jain founded 'Humanure Power' (HP) in Bihar in 2011 that has been building community sanitation facilities at Sukhpur village in Supaul district of north Bihar.
'Humanure Power' opened its pilot community sanitation facility on July 10 this year with 20 toilets total - 10 for men and 10 for women. Since then, "it has already over 17,000 users, while hygienically disposing of 8 tons of human excreta".
Utilizing a $30,000 award won in Dell's Social Innovation Challenge in 2012, Humanure has set out to build community blocks of toilets that convert human waste into energy, charging 12-volt batteries for household use.
"Humanure Power continues to fight alongside communities to end outdoor defecation as a key step in an ongoing struggle for health equity and social and economic justice", said a note published on its website last month.
The Waislitz global citizen award seeks "to honour an individual who embodies and exemplifies the values and practices of a global citizen, has substantial record of making lasting changes and opportunities for the world's poor and brings new thinking to overcome the challenge of ending poverty".
The other two finalists are David Auerbach, who co-founded 'Sanergy' which builds low-cost, high-quality sanitation facilities and Nargis Shirazi, founder of the Wo-man Foundation, which works towards improving sexual, reproductive health and rights of women in her home country Uganda.
The function on September 27 will be hosted by Hollywood actors Hugh Jackman, Jessica Alba and Katie Holmes and will have performances by American rapper Jay Z and singer Carrie Underwood.
(With agency inputs)

Hotel Leelaventure seeks more time to repay LIC debtSep 20, 2014, 10.51 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hotel Leelaventure seeks more time to repay LIC debt
"The company was required to pay Rs 22.50 crore towards first instalment on March 31, 2014, which the company has not been able to pay. Further, the company has also not paid the quarterly interest, which fell due on June 19, 2014 and September 19, 2014," Hotel Leelaventure said in a filing to BSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hotel Leelaventure seeks more time to repay LIC debt
"The company was required to pay Rs 22.50 crore towards first instalment on March 31, 2014, which the company has not been able to pay. Further, the company has also not paid the quarterly interest, which fell due on June 19, 2014 and September 19, 2014," Hotel Leelaventure said in a filing to BSE.
Post your opinion here
 
Hotel Leelaventure  said it has not been able to pay Rs 22.50 crore as the first instalment for servicing a debt to state-owned life insurer LIC and is seeking more time for repayment.
"The company was required to pay Rs 22.50 crore towards first instalment on March 31, 2014, which the company has not been able to pay. Further, the company has also not paid the quarterly interest, which fell due on June 19, 2014 and September 19, 2014," Hotel Leelaventure said in a filing to BSE.
When asked about the matter, Hotel Leelaventure Chairman and Managing Director Vivek Nair said that the payment was to be made to Life Insurance Corporation.
The company CFO Krishna Deshika said the company had raised Rs 90 crore by issuing debentures to LIC.
The repayment was to be made in four annual instalments from March 2014-2017 and the company is seeking more time for the payment, he said.
Hotel Leelaventure had reported a widening of its standalone net loss to Rs 174.62 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2014. The company had posted a net loss of Rs 148.55
crore for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal.
Leela owns and operates eight properties in urban cities and holiday destinations such as Mumbai, Goa, Bangalore, Kovalam, Udaipur, Gurgaon, New Delhi and Chennai.
Other Leela properties under development include Jaipur, Bangalore, Agra and Lake Ashtamudi in Kerala.
The total debt of the company as on June 30, 2014 was about Rs 5,000 crore out of which Rs 4,000 crore was from the Corporate Debt Restructuring lenders.
Hotel Leela stock price
On November 21, 2014, Hotel Leela Venture closed at Rs 23.90, down Rs 0.45, or 1.85 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 30.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 14.00.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 17.96 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 1.33.
RELATED NEWS

BJP s new seat sharing proposal for Shiv Sena  demands 125-130 seats in Maharashtra polls: sources23
0
Mumbai: The stalemate continues over seat sharing between Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party for Maharashtra Assembly elections. The BJP has proposed a new seat sharing formula and has demanded between 125-130 seats, said sources on Saturday.
The BJP has refused to discuss on winnability of seats and has demanded seats in Uran, Raigad where the party has no presence.
The decision was taken at the party Central Election Committee meeting which was attended by senior leaders Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Vinod Tawde, OP Mathur and Maharashtra BJP President Devendra Phadnavis. The meeting was also held to decide on candidates for elections.
#maharashtra polls #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #shiv sena #bjp
Mathur said, "We haven't got any proposal from Shiv Sena rather we have given out formula. We haven't heard from them as yet. Irrespective of what is decided, we will take up the matter with the Central Parliamentary Board in Delhi."
The Shiv Sena will take a call on the proposal by Sunday. It has also called a meeting of district presidents at Sena Bhavan.
The Sena has made it clear that it would contest on at least 150 seats and had rejected BJP's proposal of equal seat sharing.
Sena leader Sanjay Raut said, "Exchange of seats will surely take place. On number of seats we will try to take a final call by tomorrow. We will take a positive call."
Earlier, the BJP rejected Sena's 119-seat formula. Maharashtra BJP leader Sudhir Mungantiwar had said, "The 119-seat formula given by the Shiv Sena is not acceptable to us. We want to discuss this issue. We want a respectable formula on seat-sharing," he said.
Even as both the sides met on Friday to end the deadlock to save the 25-year-old alliance, there was no breakthrough.
The bargaining between both the parties is likely to continue over the next few days as all is not well with the saffron alliance. Both the parties are expected to meet once again and resolve the matter. It remains to be seen who is going to blink first.
7

Maharashtra Assembly elections: Can strategist Nitin Gadkari click in real politics of the state26
0
Mumbai: For the first time, the Maharashtra state BJP is contesting the state assembly elections under the leadership of Nitin Gadkari, the Union Transport Minister and a close confidante of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS). The party sources claim that there is a possibility of Gadkari taking charge as the next Chief Minister of Maharashtra, if the BJP comes to power.
People close to him claim that he is not much interested in this position. However, it is a known fact that Gadkari is secretly nursing the chief ministerial ambitions after the tragic death of his party rival Gopinath Munde.
The top leaders of the BJP in New Delhi have realised that it is not easy to contest the election in the absence of late Gopinath Munde. Munde was the only big mass leader of the BJP and had the backing of the Other Backward Classes (OBCs). Realising this, BJP President Amit Shah attended a rally at Chaundi in Ahmednagar district to conclude the Sangharsh Yatra organised by state BJP youth wing President, Pankaja Munde, who received a massive support for the rally as well as Sangharsh Yatra. Pankaja Munde is the daughter of Gopinath Munde.
The party sources claim that there is a possibility of Gadkari taking charge as the next Chief Minister of Maharashtra, if the BJP comes to power.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #mahatrashtra polls #bharatiya janata party #nitin gadkari
However, it is a fact that Nitin Gadkari is at the centre of state BJP and every move is made with his consent.
The late Pramod Mahajan and Gopinath Munde enjoyed a very close relationship with the Thackeray family unlike Gadkari. After the death of Mahajan, his brother-in-law Munde played a major role in maintaining the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance intact. Munde had also made a futile exercise to reunite the warring cousins Raj and Uddhav Thackeray to fight the Congress-NCP government.
Munde is also credited with carving out Mahayuti in which smaller forces like the offshoots of RPI, Shetkari Sanghatana and Maratha Mahasangh came together. Munde stressed on the consolidation of OBC votes to fight the Maratha dominated NCP.
However, after the spectacular victory in the recent Lok Sabha elections, Gadkari is more interested in strengthening the rank and file of the party in Maharashtra.
A month before the state elections, Gadkari made a thorough study of 174 state assembly constituencies of the Shiv Sena by deploying three expert teams to these constituencies. The study was more focused on the seats which Shiv Sena lost and came to the conclusion that there were more than 55 constituencies, where the Shiv Sena did poorly.
Annoyed with this study, the Shiv Sena did not accept these facts and it led to the widening of gap between the BJP-Shiv Sena. Actually Gadkari is having informal and friendly relations with Raj Thackeray, the arch rival of the Shiv Sena.
It is important to note that Raj Thackeray took the decision not to field any candidate against the BJP in the parliamentary elections. The decision was the outcome of the close relationship between Gadkari and Raj Thackeray. Gadkari is of the strong opinion that in all the constituencies of the Shiv Sena, there was no scope for the development of the BJP in the last 25 years and because of the alliance, the party apparatus is totally paralysed in 2/3rds of the state.
The late Balasaheb Thackeray dominated the alliance till his death. Even the top most eaders of the BJP like AB Vajpayee and LK Advani had to travel to Matoshree, the residence of the Thackeray family to discuss the politics with him.
Gadkari, who could not tolerate this dominating nature of the Shiv Sena for a long time, started taking on the Shiv Sena after the Lok Sabha victory. The tragic death of Gopinath Munde opened the gates of Maharashtra politics to Gadkari, even though he is not a mass leader.
Gadkari fought the first ever direct election of his life recently from Nagpur Lok Sabha constituency and got elected with a thumping majority. He has no experience in the direct elections and was a member of the upper house (Vidhan Parishad) for three terms. With his thumping victory from Nagpur defeating a formidable Congress MP Vilas Muttemwar, Gadkari has finally emerged as a mass leader.
It may be recalled that the relationship between Gadkari and Munde was not good after he became the national president of the BJP in 2010. The BJP's rank and file was surprised when the RSS Supremo Dr. Mohan Bhagwat made Gadkari the national president of the BJP. However, his performance as the national president of the BJP was satisfactory and he was about to become the BJP president for the second time. But the serious allegations of corruption against him forced Gadkari to step aside.
The crisis started in state politics when Gadkari refused to appoint Madhu Devalekar, a close aide of Munde as the president of Mumbai BJP unit. During Gadkari's regime, Munde was isolated in the BJP. Gadkari could play the major role only because of the support of the RSS.
Gopinath Munde had even decided to quit the BJP and was planning to join the Congress. Many BJP district presidents had also tendered their resignations expressing their solidarity with him. The aggressive stance of Munde, forced Gadkari to remain in the central politics.
Nitin Gadkari has a firm commitment to the RSS and has an excellent rapport with the industrial and business houses. He is a workaholic and can work for 16-18 hours a day without any breaks.
That is why perhaps he is most liked minister of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. A worker of ABVP, an RSS volunteer from childhood Gadkari never missed the RSS Vijayadashmi Utsav at Nagpur and always attended it in full RSS uniform. He is a man with innovative ideas, entrepreneurship and is a task master besides being an excellent team leader.
An excellent orator with a presence of mind, Nitin Gadkari always dominates every event. No wonder he will be the first choice of the BJP for the post of  Chief Minister of Maharashtra whether the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance remains intact or they fight independently.
(Sanjeev Unhale is former executive editor Lokmat, Aurangabad. He will be writing for ibnlive on Maharashtra assembly elections)
14

Alibaba makes its big debut: 10 things to know | Why Indians could not investIndians could not invest in Alibaba IPO due to lack of overseas investment facilities
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 11.02AM IST
(RBI allows Indian investors…)
MUMBAI: As Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba lists on the US bourses on Friday after raising $21.8 billion through the biggest-ever initial public offering (IPO), various affluent investors in India are rueing a missed opportunity. Many of them have been unable to apply to the muchhyped Alibaba IPO as most domestic brokerage houses are not keen on offering facilities for investing in stock markets overseas as they are unviable.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) allows Indian investors to invest up to $1,25,000 (about Rs 75 lakhs) overseas every financial year under the liberalised remittance scheme.
When the Indian central bank had liberalised overseas investment limits during the previous decade, many brokerages had jumped on the bandwagon and tied up with foreign firms to offer international broking services to their rich clients. But they did not find much interest for the services among Indian investors.
"Barring select IPOs, there is not much interest among investors. It is not possible for us to actively research or advise on overseas stocks. Hence, we do not register new clients for overseas trading," says B Gopkumar, executive vice-president and head of broking, Kotak Securities.
To invest in overseas equities directly or in an initial public offer (IPO), investors need to open a separate trading account with an overseas broker. This can be done if the local broker has a tieup with an overseas broker. Alternatively, a trading account can also be opened directly with international brokers like Interactive Brokers, which have a physical presence in Mumbai. But, only a few are aware of it or they are not comfortable starting another relationship.
Brokers cite tough regulations in overseas markets as the reason for not offering overseas trading accounts. For example, to offer trading on the US stock exchanges, a broker will have to comply with the US SEC norms. If there is any dispute, the court of jurisdiction will be in the US. "The regulatory environment is fluid and the risks associated are too high," said Jyotheesh Kumar, vice-president, HDFC Securities.
From an investor's viewpoint, opening a trading account and maintaining it could be tough. Besides higher documentation, many brokerage houses insist on maintaining margins of more than $10,000 (about Rs 6 lakh) in the broking account.
Unlike Indian brokerages, which charge a percentage of the trade value, many US brokers charge a minimum fee of at least 5-6 % per trade, making transactions in low-value trades costlier. Also, there are fees to be paid to the bank for remitting funds overseas.
"If a client does not trade or is inactive for a year, many international brokerages may even terminate the account," said Jyotheesh Kumar. This upsets the client, who may not understand the need for strict compliance and may hold the domestic brokerage house responsible, thereby disturbing the local relationship.
There are also restrictions on the domestic broker on communication with clients. As per regulations, a domestic broker cannot call the client, send emails or SMSes or solicit business. Going against any of these rules could mean a violation. Brokerage officials said there is not much in terms of revenue that the local firm stands to earn in the arrangement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Quest Investment sells 2.53 lakh shares of Sudarshan ChemSep 20, 2014, 01.10 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Quest Investment sells 2.53 lakh shares of Sudarshan Chem
Quest Investment Advisors Private Limited sold 40,000 shares at Rs 1,102.23 and 2,13,179 shares at Rs 1,101.12 on the NSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Quest Investment sells 2.53 lakh shares of Sudarshan Chem
Quest Investment Advisors Private Limited sold 40,000 shares at Rs 1,102.23 and 2,13,179 shares at Rs 1,101.12 on the NSE.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 19, 2014 Norges Bank on Account of the Government Pension Fund Global bought 2,89,997 shares of  Sudarshan Chemical Industries at Rs 1,100 on the NSE.
However, Quest Investment Advisors Private Limited sold 40,000 shares at Rs 1,102.23 and 2,13,179 shares at Rs 1,101.12 on the NSE.
On Friday, the share closed at Rs 1,141.90, down Rs 27.95, or 2.39 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 1,238.75 and 52-week low Rs 295.00 on 11 August, 2014 and 25 September, 2013, respectively.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 50.67 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 22.54. The latest book value of the company is Rs 438.21 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 2.61. The dividend yield of the company was 1.31 percent.
 

Vanguard Group sells 11.64 lakh shares of Container CorpSep 20, 2014, 01.11 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Vanguard Group sells 11.64 lakh shares of Container Corp
The Vanguard Group sold 11,64,544 shares of Container Corporation of India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Vanguard Group sells 11.64 lakh shares of Container Corp
The Vanguard Group sold 11,64,544 shares of Container Corporation of India.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 19, 2014 The Vanguard Group sold 11,64,544 shares of  Container Corporation of India at Rs 1,336.79 on the BSE.
On Friday, the share closed at Rs 1,338.10, up Rs 53.35, or 4.15 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 1,409.70 and 52-week low Rs 700.20 on 08 July, 2014 and 14 February, 2014, respectively.
 

FIPB rules not violated in Aircel-Maxis deal: ChidambaramSep 20, 2014, 12.24 PM IST  | Source: PTI
FIPB rules not violated in Aircel-Maxis deal: Chidambaram
Reacting to the CBI charge sheet regarding his decision in the Aircel-Maxis case, P Chidambaram said the file regarding the case was put up before him by officials and he approved it "in the normal course".
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
FIPB rules not violated in Aircel-Maxis deal: Chidambaram
Reacting to the CBI charge sheet regarding his decision in the Aircel-Maxis case, P Chidambaram said the file regarding the case was put up before him by officials and he approved it "in the normal course".
Post your opinion here
 
Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram tonight maintained that there was no violation of rules in the grant of FIPB approval to Aircel-Maxis deal in 2006.
Reacting to the CBI charge sheet regarding his decision in the Aircel-Maxis case, he said the file regarding the case was put up before him by officials and he approved it "in the normal course".
"In the Aircel-Maxis case, the FIPB sought the approval of the Finance Minister in accordance with the rules. The case was submitted through the Additional Secretary and Secretary, DEA. Both of them recommended the case for approval. Approval was granted by me, as Finance Minister, in the normal course", Mr Chidambaram said in a statement. He said "I understand that the officials of FIPB who dealt with the matter have explained to the CBI that under the rules, as they stood then, the case required only the approval of the Finance Minister.
"I am sure the files will bear out the correctness of this position," Mr Chidambaram added.
Mr Chidambaram said his attention has been drawn to a portion of the charge sheet filed by CBI in the Aircel-Maxis case and added "the FIPB is chaired by the Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs. It recommends proposals for the approval of the Finance Minister and, where required under the rules, the approval of the CCEA".
RELATED NEWS

Asian Games: Indian hockey team eyeing big win over Sri LankaAsian Games: Indian hockey team eyeing big win over Sri Lanka
PTI
Tweet
Incheon, Sept 20:  
Eyes firmly set on the gold medal, which has eluded them for the past 16 years, the Indian men’s hockey team would look to open its Asian Games campaign with a big win against minnows Sri Lanka in a Pool B match at the Seonhak Hockey Stadium here tomorrow.
After the islanders, the Sardar Singh-led side will face Oman on September 23 before more tough encounters against arch-rival Pakistan (September 25) and China (September 27).
Two-time gold medallist India, who stood top of the podium in 1966 and 1998, would definitely be looking for thumping wins over Sri Lanka and Oman to boost their confidence before they take on the big guns.
New format
The Asian Games will be the first major international hockey competition to feature the new format where the duration of the game has been reduced from 70 to 60 minutes.
The game will also be played in four quarters of 15-minute each instead of the regular two halves of 35 minutes each.
There will be a 40-second time-out when a penalty corner is awarded and after a goal is scored.
The new format was introduced by the International Hockey Federation to make the game more fast-paced and viewer friendly and the Asian Games will be a test of character of India’s adaptability to changing rules.
India is the second-best among Asian teams in world rankings at no.9 behind four-time winners and tournament hosts South Korea.
But going by the amount of international exposure Terry Walsh’s boys had in the last one year, which includes the World Cup and Glasgow Commonwealth Games, India are definitely touted as one of the title favourites in the 17th edition of the Asiad.
For India, the added incentive to win the gold here is a direct berth to Rio Olympics as the winners of the Asian Games will earn a direct entry into the 2016 mega-event.
Having failed to utilise the opportunity in the last edition after losing to Malaysia in the semi-finals of the 2010 Guangzhou Games, the Indians would be desperate to avoid a repeat this time around.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Top five stocks which can give upto 40% return in next 12 monthsAnalyst
("Factors like revival of…)
At 16x times forward PE, market valuations are somewhere near fair value. However, earnings growth along with PE rerating going forward can lead the markets to new highs, says Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, AnandRathi Financial Services, in an exclusive interview with Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com. Excerpts:
Q) With the Fed uncertainty at bay, does it mean that a new bull run has started for the Indian markets? Even if the Fed does raise rates in 2015, will it have a major impact on the Indian markets?
Devang Mehta: With a major global hangover in the form of Fed interest rate decision out of the way, the stock markets have bounced back with a renewed vigor. The actions taken by the government as well as the RBI will in fact make India better equipped in case of a Fed rate hike.
We think that the five factors, namely revival of the capex cycle, softening of inflation/rates, introduction of GST, greater financial savings and greater productivity, will make India one of the most attractive destinations for investment.
Q) Despite infusion of liquidity by the government, the worst is still not over for China. On the other hand, India has managed to revive growth and manufacturing output. However, CLSA in its recent report said that the Chinese economy will be as big ($21 trillion) as the US economy by 2020. Do you agree?
Devang Mehta: Consumption has always been a strong point for India. The only worry was the capex cycle, which was not getting a boost. The signs of macroeconomic parameters bottoming out, faster clearances on the anvil and growing business confidence will put India on a fast growth trajectory for another 3 to 5 years. We feel that India is on a strong footing with manufacturing, infrastructure etc. again assuming greater importance.
Q) Everybody wants to 'sell high and buy low'. But does that always work for traders or investors? Is there a way of gauging the right time to buy or sell? If not, what should investors keep in mind while using this strategy?
Devang Mehta: Timing and not timing is the key to equity investing. One can't be on the right side of every trade. Construct a portfolio of fundamentally good stocks and diversify into different sectors.
If one doesn't have the time and resources to manage his own funds, let the professionals do it. Systematic investment plans of good mutual funds will go a long way in creating long-term wealth. One needs to have a goal in mind while investing, have patience, expect realistic returns, review your portfolio periodically & learn from your own mistakes.
Q) Give us five stock ideas that you are still liking and recommending to your clients.
Devang Mehta: Time-frame: 12 months for all stocks -
L&T: Target 1745.
We like the stock and feel that it is a proxy play for India's infrastructure growth story. With the geographical and segmental diversification, execution strengths, balance sheet and order book size, it is one of the best stocks to own in the current changing scenario.
Tata Motors: Target 605
JLR is expected to report robust numbers going forward and keep its outperformance going. Tapping new markets, launch of new models and new variants will help gain traction for JLR. Also, the domestic sales recovery will ensure that sentiment locally for Tata Motors will improve, though it's a smaller portion of the overall pie.
At 6.5 times one year forward PE, it presents a very good valuation & price rerating.
 
Wipro: Target 650
Wipro has seen a fifth quarter of growth acceleration (measured on YoY basis) moving up from a low 3.2 per cent in 4QFY13 to 9.6 per cent (8.8% organic) in 1QFY15. Also, the deal momentum reassures us that Wipro could accelerate further in the next 12 months, adding to our positive view of the company. Stock weakness (perhaps due to guidance) can be used to take exposure.
REC: Target 375.
REC has managed to generate steady earnings CAGR of 20 per cent over FY09-14. RoE has increased from 21% to 24.5%. With stable government at the Centre and infrastructure bottlenecks likely to be eliminated, growth in these sectors should revive slowly.
REC Ltd with niche position and domain knowledge in the power sector should benefit from this and therefore we expect a 17 per cent CAGR loan book growth over a period of FY13-16E with sustainable margins of above 4 per cent.
Currently the stock trades at PB of 1.06x and 0.89x for its FY15 and FY16E BV. We assume current 1.26x PB multiple for FY16E BV, which brings us to the target of Rs. 375, which is an upside of almost 40% from the current price.
DCB Bank: Target 107
In the past five years, DCB Bank's management has sharpened its focus on secured loans and their diversity, while maintaining a huge share of retail deposits (80%). This strategy has conferred remarkable results—improved credit quality, expanded risk-adjusted NIMs, and raised profitability as well as capital adequacy.

225 MH17 victims identified so farThe Hague, September 20, 2014
Updated: September 20, 2014 12:57 IST
225 MH17 victims identified so far
IANS
AP This Sept. 9, 2014 file photo shows a Malaysia Airlines miniature plane with a text reading "RIP MH17" displayed at a memorial site for the victims of the MH17 air disaster at Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
TOPICS
air and space accident
The number of victims identified in the crashed Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 has now climbed to 225.
The Dutch Ministry of Security and Justice on Friday said that out of 14 more who have been identified, seven were Dutch, Xinhua reported.
At the request of the Embassies of the countries concerned, the nationality of the non-Dutch victims has not been disclosed, the Ministry said.
A team of specialists in the army barracks in Hilversum city was tasked with identifying the victims.
It may take several months before every victim will be identified, it said.
The Flight MH17 from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur was shot down over separatists-controlled eastern Ukraine on July 17, killing all 298 on board.
Of the 298 passengers, 196 people were Dutch.

Haryana: Is Robert Vadra no longer an issue in Assembly elections71
2
New Delhi: The son-in-law of Congress President Sonia Gandhi was the 'biggest' political issue in Haryana, just six months ago. The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) of Arvind Kejriwal went to town attacking Vadra for his alleged land deals in Haryana. Many AAP leaders repeatedly made it clear that Vadra will be the most 'important' election issue in Haryana. The AAP literally forced even the BJP to take up Vadra issue ahead of recent Lok Sabha elections.
However, the AAP lost the Lok Sabha elections very badly. It lost all the 10 Lok Sabha seats in Haryana. Prof Yogendra Yadav, its best known face after Kejriwal himself lost deposit from the prestigious Gurgaon Lok Sabha seat.
After the most humiliating defeat in the Lok Sabha polls, the AAP seems to have lost its base across Haryana. The party which was hoping to dethrone the Hooda-led Congress government in the Assembly elections is not even in a mood to contest the polls.
The AAP literally forced even the BJP to take up Vadra issue ahead of recent Lok Sabha elections.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #haryana #robert vadra #congress
According to a report, Aam Aadmi Party has decided not to contest in the Haryana state election and is now eyeing the various Municipal Corporation elections in the state.
Prof Yogendra Yadav said that the party leaders had unanimously decided not to contest Assembly election to focus on Delhi elections. But the party would continue to take up issues in the state. Prof Yadav said, "There is no reason why we should not contest the municipal elections in the state. The decision to refrain from the state elections was taken as they coincided with probable elections in Delhi. However, we will try our best to reach out to the voters of Haryana."
Party volunteers claim that the party would now, once again, try to establish itself from the ground level and increase the member base of the party.
Since the AAP is out of fray, the main fight is between the ruling Congress, main opposition the Indian National Lok Dal and the BJP which is confident of coming to power in Haryana on its own.
Both the INLD and the BJP are attacking the alleged massive corruption by the Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and Robert Vadra. But, they are not focusing only on the Vadra issue. Instead they are questioning the Hooda government's achievements. Issues like power, water, housing, employment, farmers' plight and other things are dominating the poll scene.
Whatever may be the public perception, Robert Vadra has always maintained that he is being attacked because of his relationship with the Gandhi family. He has also got reprieve from various courts. The Delhi High Court recently dismissed a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) demanding a CBI probe into the allegations against Vadra. It has come as huge relief for the Congress party.
Controversial IAS officer and whistle blower Ashok Khemka is also not saying much about Vadra these days. According to a veteran journalist in Haryana, the Vadra issue may not have much impact in the elections, even if the opposition parties make it big. He said "people know that all political parties are corrupt. One individual can't be the sole factor. The 90 Assembly seats in Haryana have 90 entirely different local issues. Caste plays the biggest role, not corruption".
The BJP wants to fight the election promising a clean administration and the Chautalas' INLD wants to directly target Hooda.
The disappearance of the AAP from political scene has come as a huge relief for the Congress in Haryana. But, the opposition parties are alleging that the AAP has decided not to contest to help the Congress. But, the AAP claims that it will eat into the opposition votes, if it contests, helping the Congress to win and the question of it helping the Congress does not arise at all.
Finally, some good news for Vadra and Congress in Haryana.
8

Kerala: Museum plans programmes to mark India s Mars Orbit Mission entry into planet s orbit0
2
Thiruvananthapuram: Kerala State Science and Technology Museum has drawn up various programmes to mark the entry of 'Mangalyaan', India's Mars Orbiter Mission, into the orbit of the red planet, expected to happen on September 24.
The programmes, planned in partnership with Rajya Sabha TV, Vigyan Prasar and CSIR, have been planned on September 23 and 24, a Museum release said on Saturday.
A seminar on 'Human Space Exploration' is scheduled on September 23. ISRO's former Deputy Director P Radhakrishnan will lead the sessions, it said.
Mangalyaan is scheduled to leave the solar orbit and enter an orbit around Mars in the early hours of September 24.
#mars mission #mangalayaan #mars orbiter mission #mars orbit
A quiz competition based on space explorations will be organised for college students the other day. A team with two persons can participate in the event, it added.
Mangalyaan is scheduled to leave the solar orbit and enter an orbit around Mars in the early hours of September 24.
0

Flames of War : ISIS Propaganda Video Shows Syrian Soldiers Digging their Own GravesFlames of War : ISIS Propaganda Video Shows Syrian Soldiers Digging their Own Graves
Jihadi ideologue calls for freeing BritishhostagePrint
Associated Press | Cairo | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:15 pm
A renowned jihadi ideologue has urged the Islamic State group to release British aid worker Alan Henning, saying Islam forbids harming non-Muslims who work with relief agencies.
Abu Mohammed al-Maqdisi, who was released by Jordan in June after serving a five-year sentence on terror charges, said in a statement posted on his website and by a militant forum today that non-Muslims who help weak and poor Muslims should be respected and protected.
Al-Maqdisi, also known as Essam al-Barqawi, was the mentor of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the leader of al-Qaida in Iraq who was killed in a US airstrike in 2006.
The Islamic State group, which has beheaded two American journalists and a British aid worker, has threatened to kill Henning in retaliation for US and European military action against it.

European leaders welcome Scottish vote for unitedUKPress Trust of India | Berlin | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:05 pm
Scottish voters’ rejection of independence from the United Kingdom in a historic referendum has been received with relief by governments and politicians across Europe, who hailed the outcome as a vote for stable and prosperous Europe.
Germany described Thursday’s vote by around 4.2 million Scottish voters to stay within the United Kingdom as a “good decision for Scotland, for Great Britain and also for Europe”.
The outcome of the Scottish referendum “speaks a clear language; the majority of the people want a stronger Scotland within a stronger Britain”, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said.
Steinmeier said he has high respect for Britain’s “exemplary democratic culture, which found expression in the referendum. The German government hopes that Britain will remain a strong and reliable partner in Europe”.
European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso said he welcomed the decision of the Scottish voters to “maintain the unity of the United Kingdom”.
The outcome of the referendum “is good for a united, open and stronger Europe,” he said in a statement.
The European Commission will continue to engage in a constructive dialogue with the Scottish government in ares under its responsibility that are important to Scotland’s future, including jobs and growth, energy, climate change and the environment, Barroso said.
European Council president Herman Van Rompuy said he is relieved that the United Kingdom will stay together.
“I respect and welcome the choice expressed by the people of Scotland in Thursday’s referendum,” he said.
The pro-independence Scottish camp was decisively defeated in Thursday’s historic referendum with over 55 per cent of Scotland voting to remain in the 307-year-old union with the UK.

I will take back Kashmir  it belongs to Pakistan: Benazir Bhuttosson"I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan," said Bilawal Bhutto.
Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:04 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 12:02 pm
By PTI and ENS
Pakistan People’s Party leader Bilawal Bhutto Zardari has said that his party would take back entire Kashmir from India if it comes to power. His remarks, made at a party workers’ meeting, drew sharp criticism from India, with the ruling BJP describing them as “childish” and “irresponsible”.
“I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan,” said Bilawal, in his 20s, addressing PPP workers on Friday night. He was flanked by former prime ministers Yousaf Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Asharaf.
India termed as “far from reality” the comment of the PPP leader and asserted the integrity and unity of the country was “non-negotiable”.
“We are in the process of looking forward and looking forward does not mean that our borders will be changed. We made it very clear that as far as we are concerned, the integrity and unity of India is non-negotiable,” External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said. He said Bilawal’s remarks were “far from reality which takes us back into the past century”.
Condemning Bilawal’s comments, BJP national secretary Srikant Sharma said: “It was a very childish and irresponsible statement. He should go back to history and learn that whenever this kind of thoughts came to their leaders and they acted, Indian soldiers had given them a befitting reply.”
BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said, “Kashmir is very much a part of India and will remain so. Any discussion on it is not acceptable to us. Kashmir resides in the hearts of Indians.”

Four militants attempt to infiltrate along LoC  killed in gunbattle with securityforcesIndian army personnel posted along the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir. (Source: PTI photo)
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:00 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 2:09 pm
Four militants were Saturday killed in an encounter with security forces near the Line of Control (LoC) in Tangdhar sector of Jammu and Kashmir.
“Four militants were killed in an intelligence-based operation in Tangdhar sector of Kupwara district near LoC,” a defence spokesman said.
He said four AK 47 rifles and ammunition were recovered from the scene of the gunbattle that began in the wee hours.
“The identity and group affiliation of the militants are being ascertained,” the spokesman said.
He said the information available so far does not suggest that it was an infiltration bid.

Will Alibaba s dominance persist as mkt matures(The line drew a knowing laugh…)
By James B. Stewart
Investors love a good story.
They lined up hundreds deep at the Waldorf-Astoria hotel in New York earlier this month to hear Alibaba's executive chairman, Jack Ma , promote the Chinese Internet retailer's initial public offering.
"It was a zoo," said Vincent Rivers, senior portfolio manager for the London-based investment firm J.O. Hambro Capital Management. "There must have been 400 people waiting in line. Everybody was there. It was like a social event."
The shy, somewhat awkward Ma opened by saying that he'd first come to the United States 15 years ago looking for about $2 million in capital. "Now," he said, "I'm asking for slightly more."
The line drew a knowing laugh from the crowd - Alibaba was asking for nearly $22 billion, the biggest IPO ever in the United States - but Ma should probably keep his day job. What the crowd really wanted to hear was Alibaba's growth story, and Ma didn't disappoint them.
A few vivid charts and statistics told the story. Alibaba is already the world's largest Internet commerce company, with 231 million active buyers using its site, 11.3 billion annual orders and $296 billion in annual merchandise sales, a measure Alibaba uses instead of revenue.
To put this in perspective, Amazon has less than $82 billion in revenue. EBay has just more than $17 billion.
But what excites Alibaba's potential investors isn't only its size, but also its prospects for getting bigger. China currently has 302 million Internet shoppers. That's less than half the country's 618 million Internet users. And Internet penetration in China is less than half the country's population of about 1.35 billion. Competition from brick-and-mortar retailers in China is far less than in the United States, which should also drive increases in Internet shopping.
"The potential is absolutely massive," Rivers said. "The real question isn't whether they'll have more users. It's how much will they spend." Chinese Internet shoppers spend far less per person than in the U.S. "If you look long term and they can close that gap, you can get to some huge numbers," he said.
Alibaba also has enviably high profit margins of more than 40 percent, which even by Internet standards, let alone retail, is extraordinary. Amazon has struggled for decades to eke out a slender profit. EBay has an operating margin of 20 percent and Google 23 percent.
Alibaba is the dominant e-commerce company in China by far, which, along with the high margins, suggests that it's the kind of natural monopoly beloved by investors. Alibaba itself attributes this to the so-called network effect. "The interactions between buyers and sellers create network effects in that more merchants attract more consumers, and more consumers attract more merchants," the company asserts in its prospectus.
And Alibaba keeps profits large by dispensing with the high-cost, low-margin businesses that have dogged Internet retailers in the U.S. Alibaba is simply a platform for connecting buyers and sellers. "We do not engage in direct sales, compete with our merchants or hold inventory," the prospectus notes.
I was on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Friday morning, where the excitement of newly minted billions was palpable. The Alibaba trading station occupied the center of the floor, where it was surrounded by a throng of "VIP guests" squeezed behind velvet ropes. The street outside was packed, the balconies were crowded with onlookers and cheers went up every time the indicated opening price was adjusted upward. Ma rang the opening bell and dropped in on the on-floor set of CNBC.
Alibaba was priced Thursday night at $68 a share. And Friday, pent-up demand drove the opening price to $92.70. The stock immediately rose from there.
Perhaps some stocks should reflect what I'll call an "excitement premium," which in Alibaba's case is surely significant. That's fine until the excitement wears off.
For a more sobering view, I turned to Bruce Greenwald, co-author of "Competition Demystified" and "Value Investing" and a finance professor at Columbia Business School. Value investors like Greenwald, by nature, tend to be skeptical of stories, especially when those stories are as rosy as Alibaba's. Still, Greenwald said he agreed with much of the Alibaba thesis. "There's no doubt they benefit from a network effect and they have growth potential," he said.
But value investors tend to prefer numbers to words, and Alibaba's numbers, impressive as they are, may give some investors pause.

Tech deal for Kochi petchem plant in 2-3 months: BPCLSep 20, 2014, 02.05 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Tech deal for Kochi petchem plant in 2-3 months: BPCL
A year after signing an agreement with BPCL in July 2012, LG Chem walked out of the JV in August 2013 citing adverse international environment for large investments.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tech deal for Kochi petchem plant in 2-3 months: BPCL
A year after signing an agreement with BPCL in July 2012, LG Chem walked out of the JV in August 2013 citing adverse international environment for large investments.
Post your opinion here
 
Bharat Petroleum Corp  has decided to buy outright the critical technology to make specialty chemicals and expects to conclude a deal over the next few months, after its efforts to get a technology partner for Rs 5,000-crore petchem project in Kochi did not materialise.
With the upcoming plant located adjacent to its Kochi refinery, the third largest oil marketer plans to end India's dependence on imports for speciality propylene derivatives-based products such as acrylic acid and acrylates used in plastics, paints, coatings, adhesives, inks and textiles.
The facility, once completed, will produce 250 million tonne of speciality propylene derivatives products. "Since our plan to get the Korean major LG Chem on board as a technology partner for the petrochemicals project did not materialise, we have decided to purchase the technology for speciality propylene derivatives outright. We are hopeful of concluding a deal within the next 2-3 months,"
BPCL Chairman and Managing Director S Varadarajan said here late last night after the PSU's annual general meeting.
He said that earlier this technology was not available for outright buy but now the situation has changed with players ready to sell protected or patented technologies.
A year after signing an agreement with BPCL in July 2012, LG Chem walked out of the JV in August 2013 citing adverse international environment for large investments. BPCL Refinery Director B K Datta said there are only five companies in the world which have the technology to make speciality propylene derivatives. No Indian refinery has the know-how to make speciality propylene derivatives, which are currently imported.
Though Datta did not name any company which it is in talks with, it has been learnt BPCL is talking to Japanese and Chinese firms for the technology to make the niche products. The petchem project is part of the Rs 16,500-crore expansion the company is undertaking to upgrade and increase capacity at the refinery from 9.5 million tonne to 15.5 million tonne by December 2015.
On status of the expansion, Varadarajan said the PSU has already invested Rs 3,000 crore and expressed hope the company will be able to complete the project on time. The Kochi refinery currently produces petrochemical feed stocks such as benzene, toluene and propylene.
Post-expansion and technology upgrade, the refinery will be able to process Euro V grade petrol and diesel, Datta told PTI.
BPCL currently has four refineries - in Mumbai, Kochi Bina (Madhya Pradesh) and Numaligarh (Assam).
BPCL stock price
On November 21, 2014, Bharat Petroleum Corporation closed at Rs 723.80, up Rs 5.15, or 0.72 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 777.15 and the 52-week low was Rs 315.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 64.44 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 11.23. The latest book value of the company is Rs 269.11 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.69.
RELATED NEWS

Jadavpur University website hacked  claims RegistrarSep 20, 2014 at 01:44pm IST
Jadavpur University website hacked, claims Registrar
5
0
Kolkata: With Jadavpur University students demanding the Vice Chancellor's resignation over a molestation case, an apology message attributed to the VC was on Saturday posted on the varsity website, which official sources denied claiming the website has been hacked.
"I am sorry" - was the message posted on the website in VC Abhijit Chakrabarti's page. Registrar Pradip Ghosh clarified that he had spoken to the VC and the latter had not said anything of that sort. "We have not done that. I have spoken to the VC who said he has not posted anything. The website is hacked. We will look into the matter," Ghosh said.
Despite repeated attempts to get his comments, the VC remained incommunicado as his cell phone was switched off.
Despite repeated attempts to get his comments, the VC remained incommunicado as his cell phone was switched off.
#jadavpur university #hacking #molestation #student
JU students have been boycotting classes demanding the VC's resignation over the ongoing stalemate in the August 28 molestation case in campus following a police crackdown on agitating students.
The agitating students have held the VC responsible for police action against them on campus in the wee hours of September 17 when they had gheraoed the VC, Registrar and other officials seeking a fresh probe panel into a molestation case.
1

Jammu and Kashmir floods: Army hospital saving lives as health infrastructure crumbles11
0
Srinagar: At a time when almost the entire healthcare infrastructure in Srinagar city has been rendered ineffective by the devastating floods, the Army's 92 Base Hospital has saved the lives of more than 300 people including 35 newborns.
The army doctors without caring about their own houses and families affected by the floods have been working day and night at the 600-bed facility, the biggest army hospital in the entire Kashmir Valley.
The family of Riyaz Ahmed, whose three-month-old daughter was suffering from encephalitis, was preparing to face the worst as the doctors at the district hospital in Anantnag gave up hope of saving the infant.
The Army's 92 base hospital has saved the lives of more than 300 people including 35 newborns in Srinagar.
#jammu and kashmir floods #jammu and kashmir #army hospital #health infrastructure
"Doctors in Anantnag told us that they won't be able to save our daughter and that we should take her home and be prepared for the worst, " Riyaz who is a driver by profession said.
However, after flood waters entered his village, an army helicopter rescued the family. "They brought us at the army hospital here and since then the treatment of my daughter is on," Riyaz said.
The doctors treating the infant say that she has fully recovered and was now out of danger.
"She was brought here in a critical condition but the baby girl is fine now and we will discharge her in a day or two," said Brigadier NS Lamba, the commander of the 92 Base Hospital located at the Badami Bagh cantonment area.
Riyaz said that the army doctors have performed a miracle by saving the life of his daughter. "Even if I have to give my life for them a thousand times, I will happily do that.
"These men here have given a new lease of life to my entire family," Riyaz said.
Brigadier Lamba said that as soon as the water started entering the GB Panth children hospital in the Srinagar city, the army hospital opened its doors for the infants who were undergoing treatment at the hospital and had to be rescued.
"The babies coming to our hospital from the GB Panth hospital were in the age group of one day old to a few months old.
"They were undergoing treatment for various diseases. Some of these babies were brought in critical condition as some were cases of pre-mature deliveries and had to be kept in ICU," he said.
Despite the floods, he said, the army doctors have been regularly reporting on duty to save the lives of the patients who were brought to the hospital.
"The houses of 17 of my officers including doctors and paramedics are still under water, but they are regularly coming to save the lives of the patients who were brought to this hospital," Brig Lamba said.
Ghulam Rasool (70), a resident of Nowgam whose 27-day- old grandson is undergoing treatment at the ICU of the base hospital, said that he was indebted to the army for their timely help.
"They haven't charged us a single penny and besides providing free treatment, medicines to the sick baby they are also taking caring of our family by giving us food and shelter here," Rasool said.
49

Apple CEO Tim Cook kicks off iPhone 6 sales at a store near his Silicon Valley homeSep 20, 2014 at 01:02pm IST
Apple CEO Tim Cook kicks off iPhone 6 sales at a store near his Silicon Valley home
10
0
San Francisco: Apple chief Tim Cook personally kicked off sales of the iPhone 6, joining in "selfies" and shaking hands with customers outside the company's store near his Silicon Valley home.
Cook was dressed in a black T-shirt and jeans as he worked his way from one end to the other of the long queue outside the Apple Store in the city of Palo Alto shortly before it opened.
"I want to share in the excitement," he said in response to a question from one of the reporters tagging along as Cook welcomed devotees who made the pilgrimage to get Apple's new big-screen smartphones on launch day.
Cook was dressed in a black T-shirt and jeans as he worked his way from one end to the other of the long queue outside the Apple Store in the city of Palo Alto shortly before it opened.
#apple #tim cook #iphone 6 #iphone 6 plus
When asked by to pose for a picture with a fan, Cook quipped "Sure, as long as it's with an iPhone."
Cook said that he has had both an iPhone 6 and an iPhone 6 Plus for months in what is "a privilege of being at Apple." He took part in a clapping count-down inside the window-walled shop before swinging open a glass front door to let iPhone 6 buying there commence.
Cook's local Apple Store was among the last to join in an iPhone 6 roll-out that began many time zones away in Australia.
Television news footage from Australia showed a man identified as the first iPhone 6 buyer drop his new purchase while fumbling it out of packaging to show a reporter.
Buyers from China, deprived of the latest iPhone launch at home, were today among the first in line in Japan to grab the "6" and its new large-screen cousin as Apple hit back at rivals.
Licensing problems in China meant the global rollout went ahead without the huge and lucrative market, in a blow to Apple which had trumpeted its inclusion in the initial wave of the last iPhone launch.
Both new iPhones have larger screens in what some consider Apple catching up with the "phablet" trend pioneered by competitors.
The iPhone 6 has a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6 Plus is 5.5 inches, reflecting a growing preference for bigger displays, despite Apple's earlier vow to stick with the traditional size.
Main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets, which are popular in Asia, and will soon release a new Galaxy Note 4 phablet.
Apple says more than four million pre-orders were received in the 24 hours after the sale was announced. Other markets launched today are Singapore, Britain, France, Germany, the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. Some 20 more countries will get the new iPhone from September 26.
Tim Cook just walked line at Apple Store in Palo Alto. Lots of selfies. Said he got new iPhone "several months ago" pic.twitter.com/XfkN2kZYmV
— Martyn Williams (@martyn_williams) September 19, 2014
Photos of global iPhone 6 launch. And mine of Tim Cook opening doors in Palo Alto http://t.co/XpkK4hnATJ pic.twitter.com/AC6ID8o6QJ
— Martyn Williams (@martyn_williams) September 19, 2014
2

Iran can help tackle Islamic State: John KerryIran can help tackle Islamic State: John Kerry
PNB Gilts announces appointment of statutory auditorPNB Gilts announces appointment of statutory auditor
Alibaba Group shares skyrockets on debutAlibaba Group shares skyrockets on debut
What is eqaxscores  where can one find that Silver Member
12 Followers
you can google for EQAXscore. It is free which is good for retail investors. It is relatively a very good indicator of the fundamental value of the company.
Almost all sensex and nifty companies have a small score which is correct due to their rich valuations. But one has to be careful about companies which have low valuations due to certain inherent weaknesses and bad management etc would not be reflected in the Eqaxscore as it is purely an automated computer generated score based on historical performance of the stock. Certain capital intensive sectors and banks which would have high loan exposure are scored less. You may also miss certain stocks which have good growth potential but currently trading at rich valuations.
At best you can include this to be an additional step to your reseach.
10.04 AM Sep 22nd

Sudden change of heart nickname....last week u were talking of 20% do...Silver Member
10 Followers
Abe... (and this is not the Jap PM I am referring to),   bonus already given recently by LG Bala.  How many bonus you want sunny?  Nontheless LG Bala will spring surprise or two by Dec 14.  Will soar towards 1500 by then.
12.35 PM Sep 20th

What will be d status of techm for monday trading session an nifty too...New Member
19 Followers
TechM is doing the 2400-2500 range for over 2 weeks..and whenever it comes out of this range..there will be atleast a further 100 point move in the direction of the breakout..and as for the nifty, it saw selling on higher levels on friday, with heavyweight cyclical stocks correcting a lot..so some correction is possible.
10.47 PM Sep 20th

Please define long term. 2 years  3 years  5 years  10 years.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

MINT HEALTHCARE - BANGALORE16:09 pm Dabur's banks on social cause for its Sani Fresh brand
- in Business
16:09 pm Amul to celebrate Nov 26 as National Milk Day
- in Business
15:49 pm Emami's HE Deodorant launch previewed on Men's Day
- in Business

Tu sais que tu es all  l Universit Laval quand... (GIFS)35 signes qui prouvent que tu es allé à l'Université Laval
Le Huffington Post Québec  | Par Caroline Décoste
Publication:
Première université francophone d’Amérique, l’Université Laval est riche en histoire, en culture... et en bizarreries que seuls ses étudiants et anciens étudiants comprennent. Fais-tu partie du club? Regarde les 35 signes qui suivent et qui ne mentent pas!
1. Tu trouves que les parcomètres hors campus ne sont vraiment pas chers.
2. Tu considères ça normal de brasser ton café avec un linguine.
3. Tu sais le moment exact où le linguine qui t’a servi à brasser ton café est prêt à être mangé.
4. T’es toujours un peu mal à l’aise de passer dans l’oesophage.
5. T’as appris avec l’expérience que les petits chariots motorisés arrivent toujours par l’arrière.
6. Tu sais que ce n’est pas une légende urbaine : il y a vraiment une autruche empaillée quelque part dans le Casault.
7. Tu trouves ça normal de monter 5 étages en ascenseur pour en descendre un demi par les escaliers. #DeKonickFTW
8. Tu peux dire de mémoire combien il y a de palourdes sur le drapeau de l’université. (Pardon, des coquilles.)
9. Tu sais à quoi sert du liquide à vaisselle : c’est pour décorer la fontaine à la rentrée.
10. Tu as déjà eu à prendre une décision difficile : prendre le tunnel pour éviter la tempête ou sortir et ne pas perdre 30 minutes de ta vie?
11. Tu n’espères pas avoir congé un jour de tempête : l’UL, ça ne ferme JAMAIS.
(Précision: c'est une façon de parler, mais vous comprenez notre point!)
12. Tu as déjà eu à prendre une décision difficile : perdre ta journée à faire la file chez Zone ou passer ta première semaine sans tes livres?
13. Tu te lèves la nuit pour haïr les Carabins de Montréal.
14. T’es découragé quand tu vois sur ton horaire que t’as pogné un local qui pue. #MauditVandry
15. Si t’as un cours au Price, tu le sais que ton linge va sentir la sciure.
16. T’as jamais réussi à distinguer le Savard de la Tour des Sciences de l’Éducation du premier coup.
17. Tu trouves ça normal de croiser des étudiants en pyjama.
18. T’as déjà fait ton épicerie au Dépanneur Chez Alphonse.
19. T’haïs Sodexo, mais... une poutine, ça reste une poutine.
20. Dans ta tête, un café, ça coûte 50 cennes, pas plus.
21. Pour toi, Chez Pol, c’est le summum du cliché universitaire.
22. T’as déjà pris ta pause pour aller magasiner à Place Ste-Foy.
23. T’as déjà vu du monde traverser le boulevard en sarrau.
24. Jeudi + pub = tu trouves les vendredis matins difficiles.
25. T’es habitué à ce que ça sente la robine le vendredi matin au Desjardins.
26. T’écoutes que le 94,3.
27. T’as déjà pris des shooters, dansé, ramassé des dépliants d’entreprise, assisté à un match d’impro, tout ça au Grand Salon et des fois dans la même semaine.
28. Pour toi, une marmotte, c’est un animal de compagnie.
29. Trier tes déchets est devenu une seconde nature.
30. Tu t’es toujours demandé pourquoi y’avait un «silo à grains» sur le campus.
31. Tu t’es déjà perdu dans les tunnels en essayant de prendre un raccourci.
32. Tu t’es déjà perdu au Casault.
33. Tu t’es déjà perdu au De Koninck en cherchant le 7e étage.
34. Tu t’es déjà perdu au Pouliot en cherchant les toilettes.
35. T’as rien vécu de tout ça si t’es allé à la Fabrique.

11 erreurs qui vont vous gcher vos films prfrsFaux raccords : 11 erreurs qui vont vous gâcher vos films préférés
Le HuffPost
reddit
Tout le monde peut se tromper. On trouve des erreurs dans la plupart des films, mais les bourdes ci-dessous risquent vraiment de vous faire passer l’envie de revoir le film que vous adorez. On ne compte plus les ratés dans la scène la plus importante, les anachronismes dans les films historiques et les figurants qui se touchent la braguette…
Attention aux spoilers ! Ces gaffes vont vous gâcher onze classiques du cinéma.
1. Le cow-boy dans la dernière scène de "Pirates des Caraïbes"
Là, à gauche ! Au moment précis où le capitaine Jack Sparrow ordonne : "Au travail, chiens galeux !", un type coiffé d’un chapeau de cow-boy est visible derrière lui, en train de regarder l’océan. Sans doute d’un membre de l’équipe, qui était censé sortir du champ, mais la présence de ce plan dans "Pirates des Caraïbes : la malédiction du Black Pearl" est inexplicable.
Cela étant dit, un film avec des pirates et des cow-boys pourrait valoir le détour.
2. Le stormtrooper qui se cogne la tête dans "La Guerre des étoiles"
Ce petit accident, tiré de "Star Wars, épisode IV : Un nouvel espoir", est un classique, que connaissent bien les amateurs de la saga. George Lucas y fait même allusion dans "Star Wars Episode II : L’Attaque des clones" (2002), quand Jango Fett se cogne lui aussi la tête. Le producteur laisse ainsi entendre que le stormtrooper est un lointain clone de Jango qui a hérité, comme tous les stormtroopers, de sa maladresse. Le commentaire audio de George Lucas pour le DVD de "L’Attaque des clones" a été retranscrit sur un forum :
"Le film est parsemé de petits trucs marrants, comme quand Jango se cogne la tête. Dans 'La Guerre des étoiles', un des stormtroopers s’était pris un sas coulissant en sortant du centre de contrôle de l’Etoile de la mort. Et je me suis dit : 'Ça serait drôle que ce soit un des signes particuliers de Jango'. Quand il met son casque, il a du mal à voir autour de lui et il n’arrête pas de se cogner la tête. On retrouve cette caractéristique chez ses clones, les stormtroopers. C’est pour ça qu’ils se cognent eux aussi."
3. La bonbonne de gaz à l’arrière du char dans "Gladiator"
On la voit dans la scène de la bataille de Carthage, au Colisée. Quand la poussière retombe sur un char renversé, on voit la bonbonne qui l’a probablement envoyé valser.
Il y a d’ailleurs pas mal d’erreurs dans "Gladiator", qu’il s’agisse des membres de l’équipe dans les plans de foule ou des décors qui changent pendant la scène.
4. Le bébé raton laveur qui se téléporte pour une raison inconnue dans "Bambi"
Il semblerait que cette erreur ait depuis été corrigée pour les éditions DVD du film, mais la VHS et la copie originale montrent bien ce bébé qui disparaît soudain et réapparaît à gauche de l’écran.
5. La figurante qui court chercher de l’aide avant de se retourner vers la caméra parce qu’elle pense être sortie du cadre dans "Dixchoses que je déteste de toi"
Bianca tire une flèche dans le prof de sport sans le faire exprès. Une élève part chercher de l’aide mais elle abandonne presque aussitôt sa mission. On espère que le prof s’en est sorti.
6. Des impacts de balles qui précèdent les coups de feu dans "Pulp Fiction"
Une autre énorme erreur, d’autant que la scène est vraiment emblématique. Elle est tellement flagrante qu’elle perturbe même le fil du récit.
Juste après la tirade de Jules sur Ezéchiel 25:17, un agresseur dont ils ne soupçonnaient pas la présence décharge son flingue sur Vincent et Jules. Il les rate on ne sait comment et le duo le descend froidement. Convaincu que seule une "intervention divine" a pu arrêter ces balles, Jules décide de changer de métier.
"On devrait être morts", s’exclame-t-il. En examinant les impacts dans le mur, il ajoute : "Dieu est descendu pour arrêter les balles".  Dommage que ces trous aient précédé la fusillade…
7. Le petit garçon qui se bouche les oreilles avant le coup de feu dans "La Mort aux trousses"
Là, à droite ! Dans cette autre bourde célèbre, ce gamin qui visite le Mont Rushmore avec ses parents semble capable de prédire l’avenir et sait qu’un coup de feu va éclater.
8. La figurante qui remonte sa braguette pendant cinq secondes dans la scène la plus importante de "Teen Wolf"
La série "Family Guy" a même fait une blague là-dessus : un personnage à la Yoda affirme que c’était la meilleure scène du film.
De nombreux fans ont longtemps cru que c’était un figurant qui se tripotait, mais dans la version grand écran, on voit bien que c’est une femme, et que ce petit triangle blanc est un bout de tissu.
9. Les voitures blanches à l’arrière-plan dans "Braveheart"
On les voit deux fois, mais surtout pendant une scène de bataille (cf. la capture un peu floue ci-dessus).
L’autre fois, c’est beaucoup moins évident mais ça casse quand même l’ambiance du film historique. Après avoir embrassé le cadavre de Murron lors de ses funérailles, William Wallace se redresse. Au loin, par-dessus son épaule, on voit un véhicule en train de rouler.
10. Le caméraman en plein champ dans cette scène de "Bad Boys" (le film de 1983)
C’est sans doute l’une des plus grosses erreurs de toute l’histoire du cinéma : la caméra est vraiment dans le cadre, et on a l’impression que ça dure des heures (le "Bad Boys" en question avait Sean Penn en tête d’affiche ; il ne s’agit pas du film éponyme avec Will Smith et Martin Lawrence)
11. Le garçon qui n’arrête pas de pointer vers son entrejambe dans "Retour vers le futur 3"
Le personnage, Verne Brown, est interprété par Dannel Evans. On s’est longtemps demandé ce qu’il faisait exactement dans cette scène, mais il semble qu’il ait simplement eu besoin d’aller aux toilettes.
Etant donné que ce personnage est un enfant difficile dans le dessin animé inspiré de la franchise "Retour vers le futur", cette "erreur" serait-elle volontaire ? A en juger par la détresse qui se lit sur le visage de cet enfant, permettez-nous d’en douter.

The Ocean Cleanup: un jeune homme rcolte 2 millions $ pour retirer le plastique des ocansThe Ocean Cleanup: un jeune de 20 ans amasse 2 millions $ pour nettoyer les océans
RCQC  | Par                                                                Radio-Canada.ca
reddit
Grâce au financement participatif, un jeune Néerlandais de 20 ans a réussi à amasser plus de 2 millions de dollars pour lancer la première phase de son projet qui vise à recueillir les tonnes d'objets de plastique qui polluent les océans.
Un texte de Johanne Lapierre
De la persévérance, de la passion, de l'ambition et une bonne maîtrise des médias sociaux : tel est le secret du succès de l'opération de Boyan Slat, qui s'est donné la mission, ni plus ni moins, de nettoyer les océans.
Et depuis lundi, il peut dire, en partie, « mission accomplie ». En 100 jours, quelque 38 000 donateurs de 160 pays ont contribué à sa campagne de financement participatif sur le web, lui permettant d'amasser 2 154 282 $US.
WE DID IT! Thanks a million to everyone who believe in us and and our quest to develop the largest cleanup in history pic.twitter.com/858G8lM5sj
— Boyan Slat (@BoyanSlat) 11 Septembre 2014
Son projet, The Ocean Cleanup , pourra donc faire un autre pas en avant. Pour amasser les détritus qui se regroupent naturellement en « continents de déchets », le jeune homme et son équipe ont mis au point un système qui utilise les courants marins naturels afin de recueillir les débris de plastique dans de longues barrières flottantes qui forment un espèce d'entonnoir géant. Elles sont peu coûteuses et respectueuses de l'environnement.
Les barrières sont conçues pour retenir les déchets en surface, tout en laissant aux animaux marins l'espace nécessaire pour circuler en dessous. Les déchets qui sont ainsi amassés doivent ensuite être recueillis par bateau, à des intervalles de plus au moins deux mois.
Une phase de tests à grande échelle du système qu'il a mis au point pour débarrasser les eaux des encombrants déchets de plastique sera donc enclenchée sous peu. Il souhaite ensuite, dans un horizon de 3 ans, avoir une installation de nettoyage opérationnelle.
Son projet, The Ocean Cleanup, pourra donc faire un autre pas en avant. Pour amasser les détritus qui se regroupent naturellement en « continents de déchets », le jeune homme et son équipe ont mis au point un système qui utilise les courants marins naturels afin de recueillir les débris de plastique dans de longues barrières flottantes qui forment un espèce d'entonnoir géant. Elles sont peu coûteuses et respectueuses de l'environnement.
Les barrières sont conçues pour retenir les déchets en surface, tout en laissant aux animaux marins l'espace nécessaire pour circuler en dessous. Les déchets qui sont ainsi amassés doivent ensuite être recueillis par bateau, à des intervalles de plus au moins deux mois.
Une phase de tests à grande échelle du système qu'il a mis au point pour débarrasser les eaux des encombrants déchets de plastique sera donc enclenchée sous peu. Il souhaite ensuite, dans un horizon de 3 ans, avoir une installation de nettoyage opérationnelle.
D'ici dix ans, Boyan Slat aimerait en arriver à nettoyer ce qu'on appelle le vortex de déchets du Pacifique Nord, une immense zone de déchets flottants au large des côtes californiennes.
« La pollution par le plastique a été reconnue par l'ONU comme l'un des grands défis environnementaux auxquels est confrontée l'humanité au 21e siècle. » — Boyan Slat
Un jeune phénomène
Boyan Slat commence à s'intéresser au problème de la pollution des eaux par le plastique lors de vacances, en 2011, en Grèce, à l'âge de 16 ans. Il est outré de constater, lors d'une sortie en plongée, qu'il voit plus de sacs de plastique que de poissons.
Le jeune homme est alors au secondaire, et décide de se consacrer à la recherche sur la pollution par le plastique et les solutions possibles pour arriver à s'en débarrasser.
Après avoir écarté plusieurs projets jugés trop polluants ou trop peu efficaces, il présente en 2012 son concept de nettoyage passif à une grande conférence sur les idées novatrices, le TEDxDelft.
Il abandonne plus tard des études en génie aérospatial afin de se consacrer à son projet, et une première campagne de financement participatif lui permet de s'entourer de quelque 100 experts pour en arriver à publier, en juin 2014, une exhaustive étude de faisabilité.
Le projet de Boyan Slat a ses détracteurs. Certains scientifiques jugent notamment qu'il ne réglera qu'une infinie part du problème, puisqu'il ne pourra recueillir l'abondance de microdéchets de plastique qui polluent les océans. D'autres estiment que malgré ce que Slat en dit, son projet pourrait être dangereux pour la faune marine.
Grâce à la grande reconnaissance qu'obtient son projet sur le web, il parvient en un été à masser la somme nécessaire pour lancer les premiers essais de son projet. En 4 ans, il aura réussi à concrétiser ce qui n'était, au départ, qu'une idée émergeant de la tête d'un adolescent de 16 ans.

Rs 81 800 cr lined up for projects  says ONGCRs 81,800 cr lined up for projects, says ONGC
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 20, 2014 12:48 AM IST
State-owned petroleum explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) said on Friday that it would invest Rs 81,800 crore to bring new discoveries into production and check the decline in output from ageing fields.
The company has taken up 15 projects for development. Of these, seven are complete and eight are under implementation. “These projects, with an estimated capital outlay of Rs 40,573 crore, are geared up to produce an additional 45.6 million tonne (mt) of crude and 67.4 billion cubic metre (bcm) of gas,” ONGC’s chairman and managing director D K Sarraf told shareholders at the annual general meeting.
He added the company was focusing on two other projects – Daman, a cluster of multiple discoveries in western offshore and KG-DWN-98/2 in the Krishna-Godavari basin. The Daman project, with an estimated peak production of 8.5 million standard cubic metres a day (mscmd) and an investment of Rs 5,200 crore, has been approved by ONGC’s board. It is likely to start production by July 2016 while output in KG-DWN-98/2 will commence in 2018.
Sarraf said the management was employing technology to arrest the natural decline in ageing fields. A cumulative production gain of 87.4 mt had been achieved from such fields by the end of March 2014. This included 7.4 mt output in 2013-14 alone, roughly 33 per cent of the company’s total production. “A total of Rs 41,316 crore capital expenditure has been planned for such interventions across 24 projects, of which 19 have been completed,” he said.
Striking a positive note for the future, Sarraf said while the mechanism of sharing the subsidy burden of oil marketing companies (OMCs) had impacted the financials in FY14, the developments in the current year have been reassuring. According to him, diesel deregulation looks like a possibility owing to complete elimination of underrecoveries on the fuel and ease the firm’s share of subsidy burden.
Gross under-recoveries of OMCs on subsidised sales of diesel, kerosene and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) had dipped 13 per cent to Rs 1.39 lakh crore in FY14. ONGC alone had to bear Rs 56,300 crore of the burden. The company’s net realisation had dipped 14 per cent to $40.97 per barrel on the back of a $65.75 per barrel discount offered to OMCs.
Sarraf said ONGC’s foreign subsidiary ONGC Videsh had invested Rs 41,700 crore in 15 months between January 2013 and March 2014, more than half of the total investment in four decades to 2012. He also said ONGC Tripura Power Company would commission the second unit of its 726 Mw gas-based power plant next month.
The company’s reserve accretion in the last financial year stood at 85 million tonne of oil equivalent (mtoe), the highest in 23 years. Production, however, dipped 1.2 per cent to 45.53 mtoe in FY14. ONGC had registered a five per cent rise in net profit at Rs 22,000 crore in FY14 on the back of gross earnings of Rs 84,200 crore.

Indian Muslims will live  die for India  says PM Narendra Modi"This is a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race," said Modi on terror.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:38 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 11:37 am
Indian Muslims will live and die for India, and the al-Qaeda is “delusional” if it thinks they will dance to their tune, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said in an interview ahead of his US visit.
“My understanding is that they are doing injustice to the Muslims of our country. If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India — they will not want anything bad for India,” Modi said in an interview to CNN’s Fareed Zakaria.
He was responding to Zakaria’s question on the al-Qaeda chief’s video and appeal on an al-Qaeda in India-South Asia which would free Muslims from the “oppression” in Kashmir and Gujarat.
To a question about very few Indian Muslims being a part of the al-Qaeda, although it exists in neighbouring countries like Pakistan and Afghanistan, Modi said he saw it as a fight between “humanity and inhumanity”.
“I’m not the authority for doing a psychological and religious analysis on this. But the question is whether or not humanity should be defended in the world. Whether or not believers in humanity should unite. This is a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race. So we have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else,” he said.
Asked if India and the US could develop a genuinely strategic alliance, Modi said, “I have a one word answer, and with great confidence I say — yes.
Let me explain — there are many similarities between US and India. If you look at the last few centuries, two things come to light — America has absorbed people from around the world, and there is an Indian in every part of the world. This characterises both the societies. Indians and Americans have co-existence in their natural temperament. Now yes, for sure, there have been ups and downs in our relationship in the last century. But from the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century, we have witnessed a big change. Our ties have deepened. India and the USA are bound together, by history and culture. These ties will deepen further.”
Responding to a question on whether there is a genuine desire from Washington to try and upgrade the relationship with India substantially, he said relations between the two countries should not be seen “within the limits of just Delhi and Washington”. “It is a much larger sphere. The good thing is that the mood of both Delhi and Washington is in harmony with this understanding. Both sides have played a role in this,” he said.
While they welcomed Modi’s statement, Muslim organisations wondered whether this would be sufficient to stop BJP leaders from making hate speeches against the community.
“This is a very good statement he has made and it should be appreciated without any reservations. There should not be any politics in that,” said Jamiat Ulema-i-Hind general secretary Mahmood Madani.
“We welcome PM Modi’s statement that Indian Muslims will never support a terrorist organiation like al-Qaeda. We are happy that he has read the Muslim community’s mood and resolve correctly,” said Zafarul Islam Khan, president of the All India Muslim Majlis-e-Mushawrat.

Bijnor blast: Woman held for aiding five SIMI men who fledPrint
Written by Ramendra Singh | Lucknow | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:07 am
The Uttar Pradesh Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) is probing the alleged terror links of a woman, who was arrested on Thursday for reportedly assisting five suspected SIMI operatives and their associate, absconding since September 12 after a blast at one of their two rented accommodations in Bijnor.
According to ATS sources, the woman, Husna, from Umri village, was staying in Kazipada locality of Bijnor city in a rented house. While she lived on the ground floor, three of the six absconding men stayed on the first floor, sources said.
After the blast, one of the men called up Husna and told her to remove their belongings from their room, an officer claimed. Husna did as instructed. She carried the belongings to the home of one of her acquaintance and later brought them back to her place, said the officer. Police have seized the belongings of the SIMI suspects.
The ATS also examined the call detail records of the woman and found that she had been in constant touch with the three suspects. One of the officers probing the case said the three operatives and Husna had exchanged nearly 400 calls. Most of these calls were made when Husna had gone to her parents’ village in Bijnor rural, the officer said.
The ATS is also probing the role of Husna’s husband, Jauhar, who has been  in Saudi Arabia for the past five months. Police said he works there as a labourer.
The absconding six were believed to have stayed in Bijnor for more than two months. After the blast, it was revealed that five of them were alleged SIMI operatives who had escaped from Khandwa jail in Madhya Pradesh in October last year.
Husna had been a tenant in the house of Abdullah, along with her younger sister Rabiya. Police have also arrested Abdullah and his father Raees Ahmad for helping the alleged SIMI activists. One of the officers said they had also questioned Rabiya.
Additional DG (Law and Order) Mukul Goel said police are trying to locate the absconding operatives. “They may still be in Bijnor. Police teams are keeping a watch on hospitals. One of them suffered burn injuries (in the blast),” Goel said.

 Alibaba Shares Close Up 38% on Opening DayYou are here: Home Ipo
Alibaba Shares Close Up 38 Percent on Opening Day
Michael J De La Merced, The New York Times | Updated On: September 20, 2014 12:34 (IST)
RBL Bank Plans to Launch IPO in Three Quarters
The long-awaited public market debut of the Alibaba Group, the Chinese Internet titan, did not disappoint Friday, eclipsing every other company that has started to sell stock so far this year.
After pricing at $68 a share Thursday night, Alibaba's shares opened sharply higher Friday and finished the day up 38 percent, at $93.89.
Yet even Alibaba's blockbuster stock sale appears unlikely to dampen a yearlong enthusiasm for initial public offerings as startups and private companies continue to flock to the stock markets.
Ever since it filed to go public in May, Alibaba has dominated headlines about its public offering. But it was entering a market that has already been filled with new stock issues. There have been 195 US public offerings priced so far this year, according to data from Renaissance Capital, an increase of 34 per cent compared with the numbers in the period a year earlier.
"The IPO market right now is robust and healthy," said David Ethridge, the head of capital markets for the New York Stock Exchange. "We're seeing participation from every sector of the economy."
Alibaba, which raised $21.8 billion in its stock sale, instantly became one of the biggest publicly traded technology companies in the world. (The amount of money raised in the public offering will rise if underwriters make use of an overallotment option to meet strong investor demand, an event that is widely expected.)
To truly appreciate how enormous Alibaba is, consider that its market value is nearly as much as the combined value of all the U.S. initial public offerings so far this year.
At its offering price, Alibaba's market value was about $168 billion. The combined market value of the other US companies that have gone public this year is $180.5 billion, according to Standard & Poor's Capital IQ, a research firm.
None of the companies that have gone public this year could command the attention that Alibaba has enjoyed.
Ringing the bell were eight customers of Alibaba as the company's senior managers watched from a special cordoned-off section of the floor. Jack Ma, the company's executive chairman and co-founder, watched bemusedly before strolling along the floor of the Big Board.
Other senior executives, including Alibaba's head of corporate development, whipped out their smartphones for selfies and snapshots.
As bankers at one underwriter, Goldman Sachs, and market makers at Barclays sorted through a flood of orders, a din filled the cavernous exchange - only to be quieted on occasion when a specialist bellowed yet another rise in the potential opening price of Alibaba shares.
Finally, several minutes before noon, one market maker called out that Alibaba's "book was frozen" at $92.70. Within a minute, Alibaba's shares finally began trading on the Big Board under the ticker symbol BABA. Trading was heavy, with more than 270 million shares changing hands during the session.
Few companies sought to compete with that kind of spectacle, with just four small health care companies pricing IPOs on Friday. The pace is expected to pick up next week, with 13 companies on deck to go public.
Among them is the Citizens Financial Group, the retail bank that is being spun off from the Royal Bank of Scotland. The company, which is seeking to raise as much as $3.5 billion from its stock sale, initially planned to list this week but chose to wait and make room for Alibaba.
Wayfair, a technology company based in Boston, had also considered going public this week but pushed the timing back to stay out of Alibaba's shadow.
Investment bankers said that companies with significantly less impressive financial performance would most likely take their time going public. The GoDaddy Group, the Web registrar busy trying to become more of an all-around service provider for small businesses, is now leaning toward going public early next year rather than late this year, according to people briefed on its plans.
Over the longer term, however, analysts and executives in the capital markets business said that Alibaba's stock sale was unlikely to squash investors' appetites for other newly minted public companies. Big mutual fund operators like Fidelity and Vanguard have a plethora of funds, some of which focus on giant companies, others that specialize in health care companies and still others devoted to technology businesses.
The few biotechnology companies that priced this week, for example, drew primarily from smaller funds and not the big money managers who flocked to Alibaba.
"They wouldn't be on the same radar," Matt Kennedy, an analyst at Renaissance Capital, said of the biotechnology investors. "It's a different investor."
It is impossible for one stock sale - even one as big as Alibaba's - to completely sap demand for initial public offerings, said Ethridge of the New York Stock Exchange.
"Historically there's no pause after a big IPO," said Jackie Kelley, the global IPO markets leader for Ernst & Young. "That's assuming the transaction goes well."
Indeed, Alibaba, together with underwriters, market makers and the New York Stock Exchange, took pains to avoid the pitfalls that befell Facebook, whose market debut was marred by trading flaws and an overaggressive fundraising strategy that left it vulnerable to a botched first day of trading.
As long as initial offerings continue to perform and make money for investors, they will continue to find buyers. An exchange-traded fund that tracks initial public offerings and is run by Renaissance Capital is up 6.9 percent for the year, compared with a 4.2 percent rise in the Dow Jones industrial average. (The IPO fund falls behind the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, however, which is up nearly 9 percent for the year.)
Should Alibaba's stock perform strongly in the coming days, its success could help persuade even more companies to go to market. Ethridge speculated that other foreign companies, particularly those in China, could then seek to emulate Alibaba.
"We're going to end the year on an incredibly strong note," said Nelson Griggs, head of new listings at Nasdaq. "The pipeline is exceptionally strong."
© 2014, The New York Times News Service
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 11:25 (IST)

Internet moguls Musk  Bezos shake up US spac...Internet moguls Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos shake up US space race
By AFP | 20 Sep, 2014, 12.29PM IST
Cash was part of a multi-year US space agency effort to help companies build America's newest space taxi and to encourage competition among the best.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The space race to end America's reliance on Russia escalated this week with a multibillion-dollar NASA award for SpaceX's Elon Musk and an unexpected joint venture for Blue Origin's Jeff Bezos .
At stake for both Internet tycoons, besides money, are the bragging rights of restoring US access to low-Earth orbit, a path that was lost when the US space shuttle retired in 2011 after three decades.
Both men are long-time space enthusiasts, but while Musk is outspoken about his vision to colonize Mars someday, Bezos prefers privacy and rarely divulges his plans or his process.
Their young companies -- SpaceX was founded in 2002 and Blue Origin in 2000 -- are building vehicles to carry astronauts, as well as engines that propel the rockets. Musk's California-based SpaceX is making the rockets, too.
The 43-year-old native of South Africa -- who co-founded PayPal and also heads Tesla Motors -- is seen as the emerging leader of the modern commercial space industry, after becoming first to send a private cargo carrier to the International Space Station in 2010.
Musk championed yet another round in the battle of the tech entrepreneurs when SpaceX was awarded a $2.6 billion contract from NASA on Tuesday for SpaceX's Dragon V2 crew vehicle.
The cash was part of a multi-year US space agency effort to help companies build America's newest space taxi and to encourage competition among the best.
Boeing won the biggest contract from NASA on Tuesday, with $4.2 billion toward sending its CST-100 crew vehicle to the International Space Station by 2017.
But while NASA and some lawmakers were hailing yet another step toward ending US dependence on Russia -- currently costing $70 million per seat for a ride to the International Space Station -- there was a hitch.
Boeing's CST-100 is designed to launch atop the Atlas V rocket, which is powered by a Russian-made engine called the RD-180.
"It is a huge dilemma that you will very soon start to see more focus on," said space analyst Marco Caceres of the Teal Group.
On Wednesday, Bezos, who heads Amazon.com and owns The Washington Post, unveiled plans for Blue Origin to build a new US-made engine rocket engine, called the BE-4, with United Launch Alliance, a joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin .
No details on the money involved were revealed when Bezos, 50, made a rare appearance before the Washington press corps.
"Our goal is to make the engine so operable, so low cost and so reliable that ULA would be crazy to use anything else," Bezos said.
The BE-4 does not aim to be a one-for-one replacement of the Russian-made first-stage engine that powers ULA's Atlas V rocket. But perhaps two BE-4s could be used to power it, he said.
Still, it is challenging to replace a rocket's engine, especially one with such a successful track record as the Atlas V, and ULA hinted there may be a new rocket in the works that would be best suited for the BE-4.
"We are currently in the middle of our studies on exactly what the vehicle configuration would be that uses this new propulsion technology," said ULA CEO Tory Bruno , saying more details could come later this year.
In announcing the deal with ULA, Bezos stepped into new terrain, vying for a piece of the rocket engine market, which SpaceX has openly criticized for being too dependent on Russian products.
Musk, whose net worth is estimated at $9.3 billion according to Forbes magazine, has also filed legal action against the US Air Force, over its process of awarding lucrative national security satellite launches to companies that use Russian-built engines, saying his US-made Falcon rockets could do it cheaper.
Blue Origin has lost to SpaceX before. SpaceX last year beat out Blue Origin for access to a storied NASA launchpad at Cape Canaveral, Florida.
SpaceX has also surged ahead of the commercial crew pack with its Dragon cargo and Dragon V2 crew vehicles.
Blue Origin's New Shepard -- a reusable spacecraft designed for suborbital tourism -- is not expected to be ready for tests for years to come.
Bezos, valued at $30.3 billion, may be quieter about his space plans, but he is willing to invest his own money, and that speaks volumes, said space policy analyst John Logsdon .
"To have someone with that level of success see space launch as a profitable market, I think is very significant," he said.
Though Musk and Bezos are staunch competitors, "they combine a strong liking for space, a good business sense and a fair amount of resources," he added.
"And this is changing the space business."

Nifty to grind at current levels: P Phani SekharNifty unlikely to deliver more than 5% from current levels: Phani Sekhar, Angel Broking
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 22, 2014, 12.39PM IST
("The Nifty is around its…)
By Mohammed Sabir
MUMBAI: The benchmarks are unlikely to stretch the rally and may grind around current levels due to a variety of factors in the next three months, says P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS, Angel Broking.
In an email response to economictimes.com, Sekhar says that the pharmaceutical sector will surprise with its research and manufacturing innovations. He shares his multi-bagger ideas and advises to stay away from PSU banks. Excerpts:
Q: The benchmarks have bounced back after the US Fed said that the interest rates will remain at zero for a long time. Will the Nifty hit fresh highs soon or consolidate? Where do you see the Nifty this Diwali?
The Nifty is around its life highs. However, it is unlikely to deliver more than 5 per cent from the current levels. While the US Fed has intentions to keep the rates low, yields on the 10-year and 30-year have been steadily climbing in the past month by 22 bps and 15 bps, respectively.
Scotland's referendum in a few days and the potential of Britain exiting from the EU in the event of Scottish independence will keep the financial markets on the edge.
Moreover, we have witnessed a large part of the risk-off trade playing out so far due to the global commodities across energy and agriculture being at multi-year lows, creating a sweet spot for emerging markets such as India. However, domestic fundamentals, though on the mend, are likely to disappoint as they may not turn around fast enough for the markets' liking. On the balance, while we have enjoyed the gains so far, the markets may grind around current levels due to a variety of factors in the next three months.
Q: What is your view on PSU banks? The stocks have been in an up-move even as fundamental concerns remain. Would you recommend investors to buy these banks at current levels?
No. PSU banks face multi-year headwinds as they battle with poor asset quality along with capital constraints. They have been systematically ceding market share to private banks for the past decade.
We might see that the market share loss by PSU banks may enter a climactic stage as they scramble hard against time, unions, and politics to mobilize capital ahead of BASEL 3 norms kicking in the next 3 years.
Besides a constant supply of their stock as PSU banks sell their stake regularly to mobilize capital will be an overhang preventing any meaningful re-rating in them. However, we will continue to witness trading rallies in PSU banking stocks. So investors can benefit by trading in them for 10% gains over short periods, but they can't be considered as core investment ideas in your long-term portfolios.
Q:Snowman Logistics has had a stellar debut and there is still a strong appetite for the stock. What is your view on the stock? Which companies are you bullish on in the logistics space?
We hold Gateway Distriparks, the parent of Snowman Logistics, in our investor portfolios. With this disclosure, we continue to be positive about the prospects of the entire logistics space and the cold chain segment within that.
In the medium term, valuations appear expensive, but being the only listed investment option in the exciting cold chain segment and a favorable long-term story, the stock may still deliver another 25 per cent returns in the next one year.
Q: Pharmaceuticals companies are in action with deals and pacts with MNCs. What is your view on the sector? Anything you like from the midcap pharma space?
Indian pharma is just beginning to discover its true potential. While the pharma sector has been delivering spectacular returns from the last 5 years, the business landscape has been getting better in the last 2 years. Many large and mid-sized Indian pharma companies are striking lucrative manufacturing deals with global pharma majors along with bagging exclusivities for many blockbuster drugs that have gone off-patent.
We believe that the sector will continue to surprise with its research and manufacturing innovations. We like Aurobindo Pharma and FDC in the midcap space.
Q: Give us at least two multi-bagger ideas.
Indiabulls Housing Finance and Hindustan Media Ventures (HMVL). While Indiabulls Housing will be a prime beneficiary of the government's low and medium income housing policies, HMVL is an excellent long-term story of leadership consolidation in the Hindi print medium in the states of Bihar and Jharkhand, while it continues to be in the second position in India's most populous state of UP.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mining loans: Goa offers one-time subsidy schemeMining loans: Goa offers one-time subsidy scheme
PTI
Tweet
Panaji, Sept 20:  
Expediting the process of providing subsidy on loans granted to people dependent on mining, the Goa Government has asked financial institutions, including nationalised banks, to submit the details of loan liabilities by September 30.
The State Government has announced a one-time subsidy scheme for truck, barge and mining machinery owners, who will have to work out one-time settlement with the banks. The Government will shoulder 35 per cent of their loan liability.
“The banks have been asked to get back to us with the total loan exposure by truck, barge and mining machinery owners. They have been given time till September 30,” Meenaxi Gad, Joint Secretary (Debt Management), Goa, told PTI today.
She said the benefits would be given only after proper data is available.
Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar had earlier said that there were 8,000 truck, barge and machineries with loan liabilities on them. Their total exposure would be around Rs 900 crore.
People dependent on the mining industry are in doldrums for last two years after the industry faced closure following a Supreme Court order.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Four killed in cracker factory explosion inLucknowPrint
Press Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:36 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 2:44 pm
As many as four persons were killed and at least 10 injured in an explosion in a cracker factory in Mohanlalganj area of the district on Saturday.
Four deaths have been confirmed so far in the explosion that occurred in Sisendi here, a senior police officer said.
He said that rescue work was on.

Iran has role in fighting IS militants: JohnKerryPrint
Agence-France Presse | United Nations | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:36 pm
America’s arch-foe Iran has a role to play in tackling Islamic State militants who have overrun large swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria, US Secretary of State John Kerry said.
Iran’s supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei claimed this week that he had rejected a request from the United States for cooperation on the battlefield.
US officials have not confirmed or denied making an offer in private, but they do not regard Tehran as part of the coalition they are building to fight the IS militant scourge.
But Kerry said that in combating the jihadist threat “there is a role for nearly every country to play, including Iran.”
Just last week, the top US diplomat had said it would be inappropriate to invite Iran to meetings seeking to building an international coalition because of Tehran’s “engagement in Syria and elsewhere.”
Tehran is supporting both Iraq and Syria in its battle against IS jihadists.

Khoobsurat review: It proves that movie names can bedeceivingKhoobsurat tongue-in-cheek review
Express LOL | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:27 pm
Khoobsurat proves that (movie) names can be deceiving. A combination of perfect casting, gorgeous backdrops, constant action and light-heartedness manage to hide the fact that the plot is approximately as thin as the film’s lead actress.
Our Express LOL reporter was at the red carpet premiere of Khoobsurat, and met both real and fictional celebs there, starting with Mickey Mouse.
Next, our reporter attempted to gain insights into what it’s like being a Pakistani star in an Indian movie, by meeting Veena Malik..
The third interview was with one of the few intellectual equals of Sonam Kapoor in the world: Alia Bhatt.
Finally, our reporter met the star of the original Khoobsurat, and asked her about how much things had changed.

Online sale of Dasara gold cards picks upUpdated: September 20, 2014 14:28 IST
Online sale of Dasara gold cards picks up
Shankar Bennur
Even as the counter sale of premium Dasara gold cards that will provide special benefits to buyers is expected to start from Saturday, online sale has picked up.
Each card costs Rs. 7,500 and entails admittance to two adults and a child.
Special seating arrangements will be made for cardholders during the Jamboo Savari and Torchlight Parade on the day of Dasara finale.
The cardholders are assured of seats in vantage positions, besides free access to other venues and tourist spots such as the Mysore zoo, Jaganmohan palace, Karanji Nature Park, Railway Museum, Chamundi Temple, Mysore palace, Dasara exhibition, Ranganthittu Bird Sanctuary and Brindavan Gardens.
Deputy Commissioner C. Shikha told The Hindu that the cards would be put up for sale at her office from Saturday and they would be made available at other government offices like MUDA or MCC, if required. Tamper-free stickers have been pasted on the cards to prevent duplication. “We expect more tourists to buy the cards for the special benefits,” she said.
Ms. Shikha said 200 cards had been put up online of which 20 were had been sold till Friday afternoon.
The gold cards can be purchased on www.mysoredasara.gov.in and www.ticketgenie.in. The gold cards can be bought by a DD for Rs. 7,500 drawn in favour of Special Officer of Dasara or Deputy Commissioner of Mysore. Visitors can call 0821-2423800 for more details.
Importantly, cardholders get parking space on the day of the Jamboo Savari and the torchlight parade. On a first-come-first-served basis, they will be able to park at Gate No. 3 at Bannimantap grounds, and Doddakere Maidan near the palace.

Bangladesh foreign minister on visit to New Delhi invites Modi on behalf of PM Sheikh HasinaBangladesh foreign minister on visit to New Delhi invites Modi on behalf of PM Sheikh Hasina
Saina Nehwal  PV Sindhu off to winning start  Parupalli Kashyap loses openingtiePress Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:11 pm
 
Star shuttlers Saina Nehwal and P V Sindhu hammered their respective rivals in straight games as India opened their Asian Games’ badminton campaign with a 3-0 triumph over Macau China to enter the women’s team event quarterfinals, here today.
The entire tie lasted under one and a half hour as Indians outplayed their rivals with clinical precision. Saina opened the proceedings for the team and hardly broke a sweat before thrashing Kit Ieng Wong 21-6 21-4 in just 21 minutes.
Sindhu was the next player in and she was also in rampaging form, beating Teng Iok U 21-8 21-9. Sindhu, who won a bronze medal in the Glasgow Commonwealth Games, took just 24 minutes to wrap the issue in her favour.
In the doubles match, N Sikki Reddy and Pradnya Gadre faced some stiff challenge from Zhibo Zhang and Rong Wang before prevailing 21-16 21-17 in the 32-minute contest.
However, the men’s team was outplayed by the home side 0-3.
K Srikanth and Commonwealth Games gold-medallist Parupalli Kashyap went down in contrasting fashions while the doubles team of Sumeeth Reddy and Manu Attri also failed to come good.
Srikanth was the first to take the court and was hardly a match for Wanho Son, who breezed past him 21-14 21-8 in 37 minutes.
The doubles match was next and here too, South Korea dominated and notched the match 21-12 21-9 in 35 minutes to take a formidable lead.
In the crucial third match, Kashyap was up against former world number one Hyunil Lee. The Indian displayed fine form by taking the opening game 21-6 in 12 minutes but it was all downhill from there on.
Lee bounced back remarkably to clinch the next two games 21-14 21-10. Kashyap fought hard in the decisive third game, which lasted 44 minutes, but fell short in the final analysis.

As G20 chases growth goal  members differ on how to getthereJust this week, the OECD slashed its growth forecasts for most major economies. Reuters
Reuters | Australia | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:04 pm
As the Group of 20 leading economies meet to change no less than the “destiny” of the global economy, members remain divided on how to get there with Germany pushing back at U.S. calls for more government stimulus.
Opening the meeting of finance ministers and central bankers, Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey outlined an ambitious agenda of boosting world growth, fireproofing the global banking system and closing tax loopholes for giant multi-nationals.
“We have the opportunity to change the destiny of the global economy,” said Hockey, who back in February launched a campaign to add 2 percentage points to world growth by 2018 as part of Australia’s presidency of the G20.
That goal has seemed ever more distant as members from China to Japan, Germany and Russia have all stumbled in recent months. Just this week, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) slashed its growth forecasts for most major economies.
A call from U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew for the euro zone and Japan to do more to boost demand and revive activity, signalling out Germany as having scope to do much more thanks to its burgeoning trade surplus, drew a cool response.
“We will not agree on short-sighted stimuli,” a German G20 delegate said, arguing that in most countries debt was still too high to allow for increased spending.
Berlin has been under intense pressure to allow the euro zone to ease back on fiscal austerity and to stimulate its economy through more government spending or tax cuts.
GEOPOLITICS A THORN
The outlook for growth has not been helped by geopolitical tensions, from fighting in the Middle East to the strife between Russia and Ukraine.
Hockey said Australia, as the G20 host this year, had sought feedback from other G20 members on whether Russia should attend the meeting of leaders in Brisbane in November.
There had been calls from some quarters to block President Vladimir Putin from attending the summit given Russia’s actions in Ukraine and the downing of airliner MH17.
The overwhelming consensus was that the door be left open to continue engagement with Russia, said Hockey.
Geopolitical tensions were also high on the agenda when financial policymakers of Japan, China and South Korea held their first trilateral meeting in more than two years in Cairns on Friday.
“We shared the view that we should strengthen our regional capabilities to manage financial and economic risks and respond to possible crisis,” they said in a joint statement on Friday.
The meeting was the first since Prime Minister Shinzo Abe returned to power in 2012, after ties between Japan and its neighbours soured due to maritime territorial disputes and rows over the legacy of Japan’s wartime aggression in Asia.
TAX CHEATERS
Also on the drawing board at the G20 are plans to stem the loss of revenue from multinationals shifting their profits to low-tax countries, potentially reclaiming continued…

Army plane crashes in southwestPakistanPress Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:02 pm
A Pakistan Army aircraft today crashed in the southwestern Balochistan province, injuring two pilots.
The MFI-17 Mushshak trainer aircraft, crashed near the hills of Ziarat, about 40 kilometres east of provincial capital Quetta.
“Two pilots were wounded in the incident,” the army said.
They were later airlifted to a military hospital in Quetta for treatment and were in a stable condition.
The incident is under probe and the cause of the accident is not yet known.
Mushshak aircraft are widely used in Pakistan for training undergraduate student pilots.
The MFI-17 Mushshak is fitted with blind flying instrumentation. It is propelled by a single Textron Lycoming 4-cylinder engine with one twin-blade propeller.
It is locally manufactured and also exported to several Middle Eastern countries.

Amitabh Bachchan praises Ranveer  Parineetis Kill DiltrailerPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:57 pm
Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan is impressed with the trailer of Ranveer Singh and Parineeti Chopra-starrer ‘ Kill Dil ‘.
The 71-year-old actor took to Twitter to heap praise on the cast of the film, which also includes Ali Zafar and Govinda, and director Shaad Ali.
“Saw Shaad Ali’s trailer of ‘KILL DIL’ .. fascinating cast and fascinating visuals .. innovative Shaad, will do justice to this !!” Bachchan tweeted.
The official trailer of the romantic-drama film, produced by Aditya Chopra, shows the main four characters in crazy, wild avatars as they indulge in heavy action and mouth quirky dialogues.
The movie will release on November 14, this year.

Overdrive: 150cc motorcycle faceoffSep 20, 2014, 02.32 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Overdrive: 150cc motorcycle faceoff
Overdrive pit four of the latest 150cc segment commuter motorcycles - Suzuki Gixxer vs Bajaj Discover 150F vs Hero Xtreme & Yamaha FZ against each other to find out which motorcycle you should spend your money on.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Overdrive: 150cc motorcycle faceoff
Overdrive pit four of the latest 150cc segment commuter motorcycles - Suzuki Gixxer vs Bajaj Discover 150F vs Hero Xtreme & Yamaha FZ against each other to find out which motorcycle you should spend your money on.
Post your opinion here

First ride: TVS Scooty ZestSep 20, 2014, 02.40 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
First ride: TVS Scooty Zest
Overdrive gets its hands on TVS's latest scooter for girls; TVS Scooty Zest.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
First ride: TVS Scooty Zest
Overdrive gets its hands on TVS's latest scooter for girls; TVS Scooty Zest.
Post your opinion here

Overdrive solves all your motoring queries on Auto SelectorLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Overdrive solves all your motoring queries on Auto Selector
Bertrand D'Souza of CNBC-TV18 solves all viewer queries on Auto Selector segment of Overdrive and also a roundup of news from the world of auto.
Post your opinion here

Make this delicious snack in just 20 minutesteekha chutney
Directions
1Combine 1 cup of fenugreek leaves, bengal gram flour, oil, green chillies, turmeric powder, salt and 1 cup of water in a deep kadhai; mix well till no lumps remain.
2Cook on a high flame for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring continuously till the mixture comes together in a lump.
3Remove from the flame and allow it to cool completely.
4Add the remaining fenugreek leaves and mix well.
5Divide the mixture into 10 equal portions and shape each portion into a flat round.
6Press a little in the centre of each round to make a depression. Place 1 tbsp of the paneer stuffing in the centre of each round and roll again to form a ball.
7Heat the oil in a kadhai and deep-fry the pakodas till they are golden brown in colour from all the sides.
8Drain on absorbent paper and serve immediately with meetha chutney and teekha chutney.
@YahooIndia on Twitter and Facebook
related recipes

No new proposal from Sena  says BJPNo new proposal from Sena  says BJP
ONGC to begin oil production from KG-5 block in 2019ONGC to begin oil production from KG-5 block in 2019
PM nominates Adil Zainulbhai as New QCI ChairmanPM nominates Adil Zainulbhai as New QCI Chairman
All eagerly waiting... destination is not so far now...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Read the chaimans statement at the agm. great future lies ahead for af...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Alibaba would go even higher   that is one ipo people should own . if ...Gold Member
47 Followers
Dear LILians bros.  Good Afternoon.  Just look at the blockbuster performance of Alibaba IPO priced at $ 68 and opening at $ 92.70 in NASDAQ, which is the largest IPO in the history! The stock had at one time nearly hit $ 100 also, which is a gain of 46%.  At Friday’s opening price, the company is worth $ 228.5 billion, which is more than Amazon, eBay or Facebook!
It is said that the underwriters are likely to exercise option for additional 48 million shares so as to bring its IPO size to about $ 25 billion.
I now feel, the initial bell for preparing LYCOS’ debut in Nasdaq would also start ringing shortly making it another history in the current boom of e-commerce companies. Plus the 2nd quarterly results, NSE listing etc. are all to follow. All this would tantamount to obvious and automatic upgradation and rerating happening for LIL, thus taking it to newer heights. All of you would agree, targets can turn really wild and unbelievable, which would now seem to be unfeasible given the present thinking. Time would prove it.  Regards - MKV

There are chances that it may go to 18 odd level. but suzy will bounc...New Member
1 Followers
If there are so many common fundamentally goods stocks available to small retail investors which can be found by simple arithmatic why to do Phd. Maths with Suzy!!!!!!!!!!
6.52 PM Sep 20th

Sound of Music  Star s Former Connecticut Home For Salesound of music  star s former connecticut home for sale
Foodgrain Production Estimated to Fall 7%You are here: Home Economy
Deficit Rains Likely to Hit Kharif Foodgrain Output by 7%
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 19, 2014 19:59 (IST)
New Delhi: India's foodgrain production is projected to drop 7 per cent to 120.27 million tonnes in the kharif season of this year due to poor monsoon rains.
Foodgrain output was 129.24 MT in the kharif (summer) season of crop year (July-June) 2013-14.
On account of 12 per cent deficit in rains so far, total area covered under kharif crops is lower by 3 per cent from last year.
Foodgrain output is estimated to fall by about 9 MT due to a likely drop in rice production by 3.7 MT, coarse cereals by 4.5 MT and pulses by nearly a million tonne.
Releasing the first production estimate for kharif crop, Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said, "...coverage in sowing position is as per average of last five years and is only 3 per cent lower than the situation of last year. With improved rainfall, it is estimated that kharif foodgrain production will be approximately 120 million tonnes."
On farm growth projection for this fiscal year, he said the government would try to achieve last year's level despite adverse weather situation that has resulted in drought and floods in some parts of the country.
Mr Singh further said that this is the initial and conservative kharif forecast, and production could rise in later estimates as observed in the past years.
As per the latest estimate, rice production is estimated to decline to 88.02 MT in the kharif season of 2014-15 crop year from 91.69 MT in the year-ago.
Similarly, production of coarse cereals is projected to drop to 27.05 MT from 31.53 MT, while pulses output would be lower at 5.2 MT from 6.02 MT.
On reasons for likely fall in kharif output, Agriculture Secretary Ashish Bahuguna said, "There was delayed monsoon rains which led to late sowing. This will of course have impact on crop productivity."
Due to lower area coverage and productivity, production of most of the crops is expected to be lower than their record production levels achieved last year, an official statement said.
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 16:05 (IST)

MCX-SX to approach CCI against rival BSEMCX-SX to approach CCI against rival BSE
Jayshree P Upadhyay | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 05:38 PM IST
MCX-SX plans to move regulator Competition Commission of India (CCI) against rival BSE Limited over the latter's low transaction fee in the currency derivative segment.
MCX-SX, which is facing a crisis over dwindling market share and the regulatory networth requirement, believes BSE's practice of charging low fees is an anti-competitive move.
At present, BSE, the newest entrant in the currency derivative segment, doesn't charge any transaction fees on currency trading, while plans to charge a measly fee of Rs 2 on turnover of every Rs 1 crore from December.
Meanwhile, the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the market leader in the currency segment, charges Rs 115 on turnover of Rs 1 crore and MCX-SX charges Rs 110.
"BSE is indulging in anti-competitive practices by offering low transaction charges for currency derivative. A lot of our market share and volumes have migrated to BSE in the past one year," said an exchange official.
As per a recent BSE circular, the exchange would start charging Rs 2 per crore of turnover for two months from December 1, 2014 to January 31, 2015, and would increase to Rs 4 for the next two months. It would further rise to Rs 6 from April 1, 2015 for two months, then to Rs 8 for next two months and finally to Rs 10 with effect from October 1, 2015.
In a response to an email query, MCX-SX spokesperson said that they would not like to comment on this matter. BSE too declined to comment. BSE started trading in the currency derivatives segment in November last year. The volumes on the exchange have steadily increased from a daily average of Rs 325 crore in November 2013 to nearly Rs 6,400 crore last month.
MCX-SX, on the other hand, has seen its market share in currency segment dipping from nearly 40 per cent in August last year to just 12 per cent last month.
The exchange's market share decline coincided with breaking out of Rs 5,600 crore settlement crisis at Jignesh Shah-led National Spot Exchange (NSEL). Financial Technologies India (FTIL), the parent company of NSEL, is the founder of MCX-SX.
Industry players say that the MCX-SX's credibility took a hit following the NSEL scam. MCX-SX, however, since last year has taken steps to distant itself from its founder FTIL. It recently moved to terminate warrants held by the erstwhile promoter.
MCX-SX, in 2011 moved the anti-competitive authority against NSE. CCI had imposed a penalty of Rs 55 crore on NSE for adopting unfair trade practices. The penalty was upheld by Competition Appellate Tribunal (COMPACT) last month.

How Accelerators Have Changed Startup FundingPlaces like this are getting their funds from accelerators.
Photo by Kimihiro Hoshino/AFP/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Inc .
A little more than a decade ago, it used to be a much costlier undertaking to start a new technology business, particularly in software. The cloud and distributed computing has changed all that.
Advertisement
So has the growth of accelerators, like Y Combinator and TechStars and others that provide small amounts of seed funding to startups in exchange for some equity in your business. But in contrast to a decade ago, that small amount of money goes further. That, plus the connections and mentoring that accelerators typically offer, has gone a long way toward displacing the importance of traditional venture capitalists in financing early stage companies. And that's likely to be a good thing for you.
"Now, if you go to an accelerator like YC or Techstars you have exposure to huge numbers of investors and a big network to help you," says Yael Hochberg , Ralph S. O’Connor Associate Professor in Entrepreneurship at Rice University Jones Graduate School of Business. Hochberg also compiles an annual ranking  of best accelerators.
In the past, venture capitalists had the upper hand, Hochberg says. You had to get a "warm" introduction to one, and then they took their time getting back to you, especially if they were interested in your company and knew you were running out of money. You also needed larger sums from them—typically on the order of millions of dollars. And even if you you didn't always approach them for money—say for instance, if you were also interested in leveraging their connections to help get your business off the ground—the dynamics of operating in a closed environment also favored them and the deals they made.
A New Paradigm
Accelerators have turned all that on its head. The seed funding they offer, generally between $25,000 and $100,000 in exchange for an equity stake of between five percent and seven percent, is a lot more useful and sustaining to entrepreneurs now than it might have been years ago. The best accelerators also have a thicket of connections every bit as useful as venture capitalists who come in for later funding rounds. And when they send their companies out for so-called demo days, not one but dozens of venture capitalists show up to bid.
"When you talk to VCs on demo day, 100 people are competing in an atmosphere that's closer to an auction," Hochberg says.
That, in turn, is driving up the value of startups chosen by some of the leading accelerators. The average valuations of a Y Combinator-funded firm in 2013 and 2014 was between $40 million and $50 million, according to  TechCrunch  and others. The success of businesses that have emerged from accelerators—and they are some of the biggest names in tech today, including Airbnb, Dropbox, Reddit, which all cycled through Y Combinator—has also edged out VCs in other ways. Typically the funds associated with accelerators relied heavily on investments from venture capitalists, who often took on roles as limited partners to establish a window on the accelerator companies. The huge success of many of the portfolio businesses has allowed some of the funds to begin operating independently, Hochberg says. 
Nevertheless, some venture capitalists claim to like the changes brought about by accelerators, even if that means more competition. Canaan Partners, of Westport, Connecticut, for example has invested in several Y Combinator companies in the past year, including cost-cutting travel startup RockeTrip and online grocery shopping company Instacart. Those companies received $2.6 million and $44 million respectively in funding in 2014. 
"Because the ecosystem has become more transparent you are always competing with other firms," says Ross Fubini, a partner at Canaan, who adds startups are still likely to choose the best venture capital firm, rather than the highest valuation.
Entering the Fray
Meanwhile, some VCs have started their own accelerators to spot and support early stage companies that might make worthwhile investments later on.
Second Century Ventures, which invests primarily in real-estate focused companies, started an accelerator it calls REach in late 2012. The accelerator, which works with companies that are pre-revenue to $11 million in revenue annually, takes an equity stake of between two percent and five percent, but not in exchange for money. Instead, it offers a nine-month educational program, as well as mentorship and a 1,600 person "insights panel." The panel, made up of real estate companies, lets the accelerator companies test their products directly with them.
Of the 15 companies that have participated in the accelerator, nine have raised close to $30 million, primarily from other VCs, but also from SCV. And some, including electronic signature startup Docusign, have found their products resonate outside the real estate industry. 
"Between the mentorship and insights panel, it helps the companies develop strategically and create products designed for this industry" and potentially others, says Constance Freedman, a managing director of REach and SCV. 

China slaps $490-m fine on GSK in bribe caseHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
China slaps $490-m fine on GSK in bribe case
Reuters
flag bearing the logo of GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) flutters next to the Chinese national flag outside a GSK office building in Shanghai.
UK drug major accused of bribing doctors for using its drugs
Shanghai/London, September 19:  
China fined GlaxoSmithKline Plc a record 3 billion yuan ($490 million) on Friday for paying bribes to doctors to use its drugs, underlining the risks of doing business there while also ending a damaging chapter for the British drugmaker.
A court in the southern city of Changsha also sentenced Mark Reilly, the former head of GSK in China, and other GSK executives to between two and four years in jail, according to state news agency Xinhua.
However, Reilly, shown on state television wearing a suit and looking tired during the trial, will be deported and will not face jail time in China, a source with direct knowledge of the case said.
“Reilly will be deported so he won’t be in detention in China,” said the source, who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the case.
The verdict, handed out behind closed doors in a single-day trial according to Xinhua, highlights how Chinese regulators are increasingly cracking down on bad behaviour.
However, it also offers GSK a potential way forward in the fast-growing Chinese pharmaceutical market, a magnet for foreign firms that are attracted by a healthcare bill that McKinsey & Co estimates will hit $1 trillion by 2020. “If GSK China can learn a profound lesson and carry out its business according to the rule of law, then it can once again win the trust of China's government and people,” Xinhua said in a commentary. Xinhua closely reflects China’s official government view.
Committed to China
GSK said it remained committed to China and promised to become a “model for reform in China’s healthcare industry”.
“GSK Plc has reflected deeply and learned from its mistakes, has taken steps to comprehensively rectify the issues identified at the operations of GSKCI, and must work hard to regain the trust of the Chinese people,” GSK said in a written apology.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Nepal okays GMR s $1.4-bn hydel unit planNepal okays GMR's $1.4-bn hydel unit plan
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 20, 2014 12:50 AM IST
At a time when the publicly held GMR Infrastructure is looking at conserving cash and exploring various options to get its highly volatile leverage issue under control, the Nepal government has awarded it a Rs 8,500 crore 900 Mw hydropower project. GMR Infrastructure had initiated this proposal in 2008 and due to internal issues of various Nepal governments, the nod to this project has come after a long wait.
GMR Infrastructure during that time was on an expansive global expansion plan but has over the past 18 months tightened its belt to shed various assets, raise equity, free cash flows and is looking at managing its cash resources more efficiently.
A cabinet member of the Nepal government said it had cleared the way for this project in the northwest. This will be Nepal’s biggest inward foreign direct investment.
GMR’S FOREIGN DREAMS
2008: Buys global Intergen Power for $1.2-billion but exits in 2011 at a loss to reduce debt
 
2008: Signs contract to upgrade airport in Turkey but exits at a profit of Rs 1,300 crore in 2013
 
2010: Signs a 25-year contract to upgrade airport in the Maldives but forced to give up after 2 years. GMR presses for a $1.4-bn compensation
 
2013: Exits from a  power project in Singapore after four years
A GMR spokesperson confirmed the contract and said they expected to sign the final project development agreement shortly. After that, GMR will be roping in financial investors for the project in which the Nepal government will hold around 27 per cent equity.
However, GMR executives were unwilling to comment on the funding structure for the project when it was hard-pressed to deploy resources. GMR currently has corporate debts of as much as Rs 2,000 crore at the enterprise level taken specifically for the power vertical and is exploring various options to whittle them down, either through a private or a public offer or through divestment.
GMR has a little over 2,500 megawatt (Mw) of operationalised capacity across thermal and gas projects, while it is in the process of setting up 2,300 Mw of capacity. GMR has so far committed Rs 33,000 crore to its power projects, but the revenues have been lagging given problems at almost half of its plants due to low availability of natural gas.
The power vertical accounts for around 30 per cent of the company's revenues of Rs 10,000 crore and GMR is hoping that with fresh capacity coming on stream, the inflow from the power sector will be substantial.
China’s Three Gorges International Corp, is also in talks with Investment Board Nepal to build a $1.6 billion dam to generate 750 megawatts of electricity on the West Seti River in the same area, as Beijing competes with New Delhi for influence in Nepal.
The GMR plant, set for completion in 2021, will provide 12 per cent energy free to Nepal to ease a power shortage and help its economy emerge from a decade-long civil war that scared away investors and slowed infrastructure projects.
Officials said Investment Board Nepal will now sign a Project Development Agreement (PDA) with GMR, which will construct transmission lines across the border to transmit the remaining electricity to India.
The agreement was expected to be signed during Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit in August but was delayed because some political parties wanted to ensure that the supply of water to irrigation canals on the same river would remain unaffected by the dam, as well as other benefits to Nepal.
GMR will build a separate power house to generate two megawatts of electricity to be supplied to villagers in Achham, Surkhet and Dailekh districts where the project will be located, officials said.
A group of former Maoist rebels says benefits to Nepal were not adequate and has vowed to protest against the scheme.
Nepal's economy is expected to grow 4.6 per cent in 2014-15, against the government target of 5.2 per cent, with the country facing up to 16 hours of daily power cuts during the dry season when its rivers flow slowly.
Tourism and aid-dependent Nepal, one of the world’s 10 poorest countries, has an electricity shortfall of about 600 megawatts. The cash-strapped government is trying to attract foreign investment to generate hydroelectricity and has offered tax incentives to investors in the hydropower sector.

ING Vysya overhauls top teamING Vysya overhauls top team
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 20, 2014 12:46 AM IST
Private lender ING Vysya Bank has shufffled its top deck and made senior-level appointments across its operations, information technology, retail banking and audit divisions.
Ashok Rao B has been promoted as chief operating officer; he was earlier the chief auditor. He will take over the new role from October 1. Anantha Raman R, earlier the group head, products-retail liabilities, will succeed Rao as chief auditor of the bank.
Shailendra Bhandari, managing director and chief executive officer, said: “This is in line with the bank’s philosophy to groom internal talent. Keeping in mind our ambitious growth plans, we continue to develop our leadership pipeline with job rotation, stretch assignments and international exposure.”
Ambuj Chandna, group head of branch banking, will be the chief distribution officer-retail liabilities, from October 13. Sonalee Panda is chief marketing officer from the same data, after being group head at marketing, wealth management and private clients.
On the other hand, the bank said Brett Morgan, country head for branch banking, marketing and private clients, and A Meenakshi, the head of operations, had resigned. It said Morgan would be moving back to Australia to pursue new opportunities and Meenakshi will pursue opportunities outside the bank. It gave no details.
In this round of overhaul, apart from the head of retail and operations, the other positions have been created anew.

Why we need more angry women -- black and otherwise -- on televisionBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 19 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
The Internet has been aflutter today over a decidedly — though not uncharacteristically — strange piece by New York Times television critic Alessandra Stanley, which seems to attempt to argue that showrunner Shonda Rhimes, who has created or produced shows that have created unprecedented starring roles for black female actresses, is subverting or reclaiming the stereotype of the “angry black woman.”
Kerry Washington is in scene from “Scandal.” (Eric McCandless/Associated Press)
There are a lot of problems with the piece – Stanley meanders wildly, perpetuating her chosen stereotype as much as analyzing it and saying some oddly un-self-aware things about black women and beauty. But perhaps most prominent among them is the fact that Rhimes’s characters are not really particularly angry As Slate television critic Willa Paskin wrote :
["Scandal" lead] Olivia Pope is conflicted, tortured, in a self-destructive relationship – but she is never anything but ultra-competent. If she has occasionally lost her temper, she has more often bit her tongue, kept her secrets, gulped down her wine. ["Grey's Anatomy" character] Dr. Bailey dispenses a kind of faux-anger, behaving like a grump and a curmudgeon to cover up her huge heart. And as for Viola Davis’ Annalise Keating, in the one episode of the “How To Get Away With Murder” available to critics, she is severe, sexy, and Sphinx-like: Who knows, yet, if she even does angry?
There is something dangerous and political about defining down “angry” in this way. When a person is characterized as “angry,” we weight their arguments and behavior differently than we would if we see them as generally calm and measured. We round down their frustrations to irritants, and when they call something an outrage, we assume it is a minor slight.
If losing your temper occasionally and under extreme duress makes you an angry person, then I do not know who among us is exempt from that label. If being tough on your law students suggests you are not in control of or reasonable about your emotions, every fictional legal instructor in history is dangerously unstable.
These kinds of rhetorical moves to constrain the behavior of women, particularly women of color, in both entertainment and public life, cost us. In politics, dismissing women of color as “angry” and irrational is an excuse not to act on their concerns. And in entertainment, suggesting that women can only behave a certain way and still be loved by the audience denies us great characters.
What would pop culture be if we had more characters like LaDonna Batiste-Williams (Khandi Alexander) in David Simon’s “Treme”? LaDonna has plenty to feel grief and rage about – her younger brother disappeared in the chaos of Hurricane Katrina, she is struggling to repair her bar and keep it open without much support from her husband, who would rather shift their family permanently to Baton Rouge, and she survives a brutal sexual assault. Her anger is not the result of grievance or pettiness. It is not unfair or distorted. LaDonna’s fury is a rational and crystalizing response to her circumstances.
Or what about the slow burn of Claudette Wyms (C.C.H. Pounder) in “The Shield”? Claudette is a principled and talented cop who works in a corrupt district, defined by a team of corrupt, mostly white male detectives who view their shields as a license to behave however they wish. Claudette has to work alongside Vic Mackey (Michael Chiklis), a man she despises. Her promotion to captain is thwarted by a superior with political ambitions. But her anger runs cold, instead of hot. It fuels Claudette rather than destroying her. And at the end of “The Shield,” she wins.
There are a lot of different ways to be angry, and there are a lot of different reasons to feel that way. Giving us those characters and telling those stories would make television a much more interesting place.
 

Alibaba worth more than Facebook  IBMAlibaba worth more than Facebook, IBM
By: Matt Krantz September 19, 2014 3:17 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Alibaba (BABA) is now the 13th most valuable company trading in the U.S., passing tech behemoths like Facebook (FB) , International Business Machines (IBM) and Oracle (ORCL) .
Shares of the stock are trading for $91.80, giving the stock a value of $225.2 billion based on the shares currently trading. That puts the Chinese e-commerce company ahead of Facebook at $200 billion, IBM at $193 billion and Oracle at $185 billion.
And at $225 billion, Alibaba is just behind Procter & Gamble at $227.9 billion and JPMorgan Chase at $230.6.
It’s a new world order indeed. The picture below shows just where Alibaba ranks in it.
S&P Capital IQ via Microsoft Excel

Alibaba s debut: 10 things to know | Indians rue missing IPOOnline giant Alibaba makes Wall Street debut
Online giant Alibaba makes Wall Street debut
Alibaba raised $21.8 billion in its debut, making it the biggest US-listed IPO in history after the IPO of credit card processing company Visa in 2008.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: China's e-commerce giant Alibaba began trading its shares Friday on the New York Stock Exchange. Here are ten things to know about Alibaba, and why its initial public offering made history:
THE BIGGEST: Alibaba raised $21.8 billion in its debut, making it the biggest US-listed IPO in history after the IPO of credit card processing company Visa in 2008. If Alibaba's investment banks were to exercise their option to sell an additional 48 million shares, it could make Alibaba's IPO the biggest in the world, beating out the $22 billion IPO of Agricultural Bank of China in 2010.
DON'T FORGET YAHOO: It may have been a big day for Alibaba and its founder Jack Ma, but Yahoo's investors are feeling pretty good after Alibaba's IPO. Yahoo was an early investor in Alibaba, paying $1 billion for a stake in the company in 2005. Yahoo likely made $8.3 billion to $9.5 billion in Alibaba's IPO, and will still own a 16 percent stake in the company worth $37.7 billion.
ALIBABA ECLIPISES SILICON VALLEY: Alibaba now has a market capitalization of roughly $219.8 billion, according to FactSet. That makes the company bigger than some of the U.S. technology industry's most successful names, such as Facebook, eBay, and even Amazon.com.
ALL IN ONE: Investors are interested in Alibaba because the company dominates many businesses in China that, here in the U.S., are run by individual companies. Alibaba owns the websites Tmall and Taobao, which are similar to Amazon.com and eBay, respectively. The company also earns money from transaction fees related to its various businesses through Alipay, which is like PayPal. That's just three of Alibaba's many subsidiaries.
BIG PROFITS: Unlike the US e-commerce giant Amazon, Alibaba has been consistently profitable. The company had $8.5 billion in sales in its latest fiscal year ending in March, with net income of $3.8 billion. The year prior, Alibaba had $5.4 billion in sales and $1.4 billion in profits. In comparison, Amazon sold $74.4 billion in goods in 2013, but made only $274 million in profits that year. In 2012, Amazon reported a net loss of $39 million.
RISKS: If Alibaba does well for investors, it will be the exception to what has been the trend for Chinese companies. When Chinese companies have listed stocks on American markets , their shares have lost an average 1 percent a year for the next three years, compared with an average 7 percent annual gain for other U.S. IPOs, according to research by Jay Ritter, a finance professor at the University of Florida.
Page 1 of 2

18 IS jihadists killed fighting Syria Kurds: MonitorPrint
Agence-France Presse | Beirut | Posted: September 20, 2014 1:46 pm
At least 18 jihadists from the Islamic State group were killed in overnight clashes with Kurdish fighters in northern Syria near a strategic border, a monitoring group said on Saturday.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the 18 militants, reportedly including one of Chinese nationality, were killed in fighting near the town of Ain al-Arab, known to the Kurds as Kobane.
The Observatory said on Friday that Islamic State jihadists had seized 60 Kurdish villages near the Turkish border in a lightning two-day campaign as they close in on Ain al-Arab.
The town in Aleppo province is Syria’s third largest Kurdish town, and would give IS control of a long stretch of the country’s northern border with Turkey.
The fighting in the area has prompted an exodus of residents, many of whom have sought to cross into Turkey, which opened its border on Friday.
The Observatory said the fighting was continuing on today and reported “heavy clashes” in the area around Ain al-Arab.

Earth to have nearly 11bn people by 2100: UNprint
The Earth is going to have 11 billion people by 2100, with the rising population exacerbating global problems such as climate change, spread of infectious diseases and poverty, says a significant joint study by the United Nations and the University of Washington.
There is, however, a silver lining for the Indian subcontinent: Asia, now with a 4.4 billion population, is projected to peak at around five billion people in 2050 and then begin to decline.
Using modern statistical tools, researchers found that the current number is about two billion higher than widely cited previous estimates.
"The consensus over the past 20 years or so was that world population, which is currently around seven billion, would go up to nine billion and level off or probably decline," said Adrian Raftery, a professor of statistics and sociology at University of Washington.
"We found there is a 70% probability the world population will not stabilise in this century. Population, which had sort of fallen off the world's agenda, remains a very important issue," he added.
Most of the anticipated growth is in Africa, where population is projected to quadruple from around one billion today to four billion by the end of the 21st century.
"The main reason is that birth rates in sub-Saharan Africa have not been going down as fast as had been expected. There is an 80 percent chance that the population in Africa at the end of the century will be between 3.5 billion and 5.1 billion people," Raftery pointed out.
 Populations in North America, Europe, and Latin America and the Caribbean are projected to stay below one billion each.
 The paper explains the most recent UN population data released in July.
World population projections are based mostly on two things: future life expectancy and fertility rates. Earlier techniques relied largely on expert opinion for how those trends were expected to change.
The newer forecast uses modern statistics known as Bayesian statistics to combine government data and expert forecasts for such things as mortality rates, fertility rates and international migration.
Earlier reports represented uncertainty by using scenarios in which women would have 0.5 children more or less than the experts' forecast. That method, Raftery said, generates too great a range.
The new method used statistical models to narrow the range, finding an 80% probability that the population in 2100 will be between 9.6 billion and 12.3 billion, researchers maintained.
The research, supported by the US National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and Science Foundation Ireland, appeared in the journal Science.

Household net worth of Americans rebounds si...Household net worth of Americans rebounds since financial crisis
New York Times Sep 20, 2014, 01.45PM IST
Tags:
(Fed said households now…)
By Floyd Norris
The net worth of American households is now 20 per cent higher than it was before it began to decline in 2007, the Federal Reserve reported this week. It said the households together were worth $81.5 trillion at the end of the second quarter, higher than ever and up 10 per cent from a year earlier.
By another measure, household net worth is a little short of the record highs reached before the recession. It amounted to 471 per cent of the nation's gross domestic product in the second quarter, just short of the record 473 per cent set in early 2007.
Those figures are not adjusted for inflation. But adjusted for the change in the Consumer Price Index, household wealth is also at a record high, 4 per cent above the 2007 level.
The recovery in household wealth has come in ways that favor the wealthiest households. The Fed estimated that real estate owned by households is worth $22.9 trillion, 6 per cent less than seven years earlier but 27 per cent more than at the bottom of the real estate market in 2011.
The biggest gains for households came in the equity markets. The Fed said households now owned $21 trillion in stock and mutual fund shares, 37 per cent more than seven years earlier and almost 160 per cent more than they owned at the bottom of the bear market in 2009.
While many people own stocks and mutual fund shares, by far the largest holdings are among those who are the wealthiest. In 2012, more than a third of dividends reported on tax returns went to taxpayers earning at least $2 million a year. That is more than double the share of dividends that went to those with taxable incomes of $100,000 or less.
During the recession, many households moved into safer fixed-income assets, including bonds issued by companies and governments.
But with speculation that interest rates will rise, reducing the value of outstanding bonds, households have reduced their holdings to $3.5 trillion, a few billion less than in 2007. Total debt for households and nonprofit organizations equaled 77 per cent of GDP, the lowest level since 2002. That figure peaked at 96 per cent in early 2009.
Debt has also fallen for other sectors of the economy. The financial sector, including banks, had total debt at the end of the second quarter equal to 81 per cent of GDP, the lowest level since 2000 and down from a peak of 119 per cent. Loans to nonfinancial businesses have been rising in recent quarters, and now equal 67 per cent of GDP, but that is lower than the peak of 74 per cent reached in 2009.
The decline in household debt is largely because of lower mortgage debt, particularly home equity loans. But consumer credit has continued to rise and now equals a record 19 per cent of GDP.
  That is largely because of the continued surge in student loan debt - an obligation concentrated in younger households and among those who are far from wealthy. It has more than doubled since 2007. In 2006, when the Fed began to report on student loan debt as a separate category, the debt totaled $509 billion, or 22 per cent of total consumer debt. Now, it equals $1.3 trillion, a 40 per cent share of consumer debt.
That is more than Americans owe either on credit card debts ($839 billion) or auto loans ($919 billion).
Auto debt, however has recovered and is now 17 per cent higher than it was before the recession. That is 5.3 per cent of GDP, well below the 6.5 per cent record set in 2003.
While private sector debt has generally declined, at least relative to the size of the economy, government debt has been rising. But with the federal budget deficit falling, the ratio of federal government debt to GDP slipped to 72.9 per cent in the second quarter from 73.6 per cent three months earlier.
FEATURED ARTICLES

4 militants killed near LoC; army says 200 more waiting to cross borderArmy says 200 militants waiting to cross border
PTI  Srinagar, September 20, 2014
First Published: 12:05 IST(20/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:50 IST(20/9/2014)
Around 200 heavily armed militants were waiting across the Line of Control to infiltrate into the Indian side even as the security forces foiled several attempts by the ultras to sneak into Kashmir Valley following the recent floods.
 
"There are around 200 heavily armed terrorists across the Line of Control waiting to infiltrate into the Kashmir Valley," Lt Gen Subrata Saha, the general officer commanding of Srinagar-based 15 Corps, told PTI.
 
He said that infiltrators from across the border tried to take advantage of the recent floods in the Kashmir Valley, but the army foiled their attempts.
 
He added that around 200 militants were still active in the entire Valley and the security grid of the army was in place to "neutralise" them.
 
"Even though we too suffered damage in the recent floods as more than 50% of the cantonment area was inundated but we never allowed the security grid to weaken," he said.
 
Saha said that it was because of the 'robust' counter terrorism and counter insurgency grid in place that dreaded foreign militant Umar Bhat was recently killed in the Rajwar forest area of the Kupwara district.
 
Lt Gen Saha said that in the past ten days, several-cross border infiltration attempts were made, but the army foiled them in which five infiltrators were gunned down.
 
"Three infiltrators were killed in the Keran Sector and two were killed in the Machil sector in the last ten days," Lt Gen Saha said.
 
Jammu and Kashmir has been hit by the worst-ever floods which have wreaked havoc in several districts and left 280 people dead.
Terming as "baseless" the allegations by "anti social elements" that priority was given to the VVIP's and outsiders during the rescue operations undertaken by the army after the floods hit Srinagar city , Lt Gen Saha said, "There was no way we could have distinguished an outsider or a local. our priority was to save maximum number of human lives.
 
"We had to first save the people who were caught in the farthest points. We adopted a logical sequence of evacuation and first helped the people who were at a greater risk."  
He said that people involved in stone pelting on soldiers deployed in the relief and rescue operations had come from the unaffected areas to create trouble.
 
"The people who were marooned in the floods wanted to be saved and we saved them. The people who pelted stones on the army personnel deployed in the rescue operations were the ones who had come to create mischief from the area that were the least affected with the floods," he said.
 
Lt Gen Saha said, that the ammunition depots were not affected by the recent floods, but "some relocation had to be made".
 
"Some of our units suffered some damage in the floods, but the arms and ammunitions are safe," he said.
 
To carry out the emergency relief and rescue operations in the civilian areas, a makeshift helipad was made operational inside the cantonment area, as the floodwater had rendered two main helipads inside the cantonment defunct.
 
"Our main helipads were submerged and to carry out the emergency relief and rescue work we had to make a makeshift helipad operational and within hours of the catastrophe the relief and rescue work began from here" he said.
Four militants killed
Four militants were killed in an encounter with security forces near the Line of Control (LoC) in Tangdhar sector of Jammu and Kashmir.
 
"Four militants were killed in an intelligence-based operation in Tangdhar sector of Kupwara district near LoC," a defence spokesperson said.
 
He said four AK-47 rifles and ammunition were recovered from the scene of the gunbattle that began in the wee hours.
 
"The identity and group affiliation of the militants are being ascertained," the spokesperson added.
 

Govt imposes dumping duty on sulphur black imports from ChinaGovt imposes dumping duty on sulphur black imports from China
K R Srivats
New Delhi, Sept 20:  
The Finance Ministry has imposed anti-dumping duty on sulphur black imports from China.
Suphur black is mainly used for dyeing cellulose fibre. It is also used for dyeing viscose staple fibre and yarn, paper and leather.
Based on the recommendations of the Designated Authority in the Commerce Ministry in its final findings of sunset review, the Revenue Department has now imposed anti-dumping duty of $766 per tonne on sulphur black imports from China.
This anti-dumping duty will be valid for five years.
The application for the sunset review was filed by Atul Ltd and Bhanu Dyes Pvt Ltd on behalf of the domestic industry.
The Designated Authority in the Commerce Ministry had initiated the sunset review in April last year.
srivats.kr@thehindu.co.in
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

AP cuts VAT on aviation turbine fuelAP cuts VAT on aviation turbine fuel
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 20:  
In a bid to give fillip to the aviation sector, the Andhra Pradesh Government has reduced the value added tax on aviation turbine fuel (ATF) to just one per cent from the existing 16 per cent.
According to an order issued recently, the Government said: “In the said Schedule, in the Table, against item No.(4) “Aviation Turbine Fuel”, in column No.(4), the rate of tax for the figure and percentage (16 per cent), the figure and percentage (1 per cent), shall be substituted.”
Recently, Union Civil Aviation Minister P Ashok Gajapathi Raju had said that the ministry had written letters to all state governments to rework the tax structure on the ATF.
The response was positive in states where aviation activity is low, he had said.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Bilawal Bhutto vows to take Kashmir  says it  belongs to PakistanBilawal Zardari, son of slain former Pakistan Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, has said his party would take back Kashmir from India, a swaggering assertion before his cheering political supporters that New Delhi dismissed on Saturday as “far from reality”.
 
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People's Party (PPP) which officially wants good ties with India. His party has been trying to recoup since its crushing defeat in elections last year.
 
He made the comments before party workers in Multan on Friday, flanked by former Prime Ministers Yousaf Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Asharaf.
 
"I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan," Bilawal, 25, said.
 
His mother was twice elected as prime minister while his maternal grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, who founded the PPP in 1967, also served as prime minister in 1970s.
 
Bilawal's father Asif Ali Zardari was Pakistan's president from 2008 to 2013.
 
Control of Kashmir, which has led to two of the three wars India and Pakistan fought since 1947, is principally split between the two countries, with a sparsely inhabited stretch of the Himalayan plateau called Aksai Chin also held by China.
 
Reacting to the PPP leader’s statement, India termed it "far from reality" and asserted the integrity and unity of the country was "non-negotiable".
 
"We are in the process of looking forward and looking forward does not mean that our borders will be changed,” foreign office spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, adding the comment took the two countries back to the past century.
 
“We made it very clear that as far as we are concerned, the integrity and unity of India is non-negotiable.”
 
In 2013, PPP leaders blamed threats the party received from the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) to be partly responsible for their election performance as the party could not hold election rallies for fear of terrorist attacks.
 
According to senior PPP leader, Sherry Rehman, the PPP is also considered one of the most vocal critics of the Taliban and has suffered as a result of its outspoken attitude. In the past, the TTP has attacked political rallies of the party.
 
Observers say that the PPP is now readying itself for elections and possibly it will take a less pro-India line as compared to its political opponents, the PML-N party headed by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
 
"The statement made by Bilawal  Bhutto can be seen as pure rhetoric in some ways to put Sharif on the defensive," commented analyst Talat Masood. Masood says that the PPP has the best record when it comes to relations with India.
 
"There is a genuine desire to seek better ties.”
 
Others say that this may signal a policy shift. "But it is too early to make that comment," said Ayaz Chaudhry, who writes on political affairs.
 
Bilawal's comment on Kashmir 'far from reality': India
Meanwhile, India termed as "far from reality" comment of Zardari that his party will get back entire Kashmir from it and asserted the integrity and unity of the country was "non negotiable".
 "We are in the process of looking forward and looking forward does not mean that our borders will be changed.
We made it very clear that as far as we are concerned, the integrity and unity of India is non negotiable," spokesperson in the external affairs ministry Syed Akbaruddin said.
 He said the comment was "far from reality which takes us back into the past century".
 

BJD supports Modi s viewpoints on Indian Muslims  says Jay PandaNow Showing: Masand reviews 'Happy Ending', 'Dumb And Dumber To'
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Manish Tewari slams government for not taking border incursions seriouslyNow Showing: Masand reviews 'Happy Ending', 'Dumb And Dumber To'
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Labhpur gangrape: 13 convicts sentenced to 20 years of rigorous imprisonment6
0
Kolkata: A court in Bolpur has sentenced all 13 convicts in the Labhpur gangrape case to 20 years of rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 5,000 each. The court has also directed the West Bengal government to shoulder the financial responsibilities of all the family dependents of the convicts till such time they are in jail.
The judge had found all the 13 guilty under Sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 342 (wrongful confinement) and 376(2)(g) (gang rape) of the IPC.
The convicts were found guilty of gangraping a 20-year-old tribal girl in January, on the orders of a kangaroo court. She was punished for having an affair with a person outside her community.
The court has also directed the West Bengal government to shoulder the financial responsibilities of all the family dependents of the convicts.
#birbhum gangrape case #labhpur gangrape #crime against women #kangaroo court
A police complaint was lodged on January 22 against the 13 persons. The young woman was admitted to Suri hospital and after a week's treatment she was transferred to a NGO-run government approved home at Suri. She has been there since then.
(With additional information from PTI)
7

I will take back Kashmir from India  it belongs to Pakistan  says Benazir Bhutto s sonSep 20, 2014 at  06:08pm IST
I will take back Kashmir from India, it belongs to Pakistan, says Benazir Bhutto's son
44
12
Islamabad: Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, the 'Gen-Next' politician of Pakistan, has said that his Pakistan People's Party (PPP) would get back entire Kashmir from India.
Bilawal, in his 20s, was addressing the party workers in Multan region in Punjab on Friday.
"I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan," said the scion of highly influential Bhutto family.
Bilawal heads the secular Pakistan People's Party which officially wants good ties with India.
#bilawal bhutto zardari #kashmir #india #pakistan
When Bilawal made these remarks, he was flanked by former prime ministers Yousaf Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Asharaf.
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People's Party which officially wants good ties with India.
His mother, former slain premier Benazir Bhutto, was twice elected as prime minister while his maternal grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, who founded the PPP in 1967, also served as prime minister in 1970s.
Bilawal's father Asif Ali Zardari was Pakistan's president from 2008 to 2013.
860

Moradabad: Police  local residents clash over alleged extortion by policemenmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Alibaba debuts on Wall St  stock lists at $92.70/shareAlibaba debuts on Wall St  stock lists at $92.70/share
Rosneft says Exxon still continues to work with it in ArcticRosneft says Exxon still continues to work with it in Arctic
Mahesh Bhatts Janam to be remadeThe original featured Kumar Gaurav as Mahesh Bhatt. Now the latter's protege Imran Zahid would be doing the needful.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:42 pm
His “Arth” and “Daddy” were recently turned into stage productions and now there is talk of Mahesh Bhatt’s 1985 autobiographical film “Janam” being remade.
The original featured Kumar Gaurav as Mahesh Bhatt. Now the latter’s protege Imran Zahid would be doing the needful.
Talking about the project, Bhatt, who turned 65 Saturday, said: “What I’ve made and is now in the public sphere, is not mine anymore. It has been so many years but the same feelings and emotions still exist.
“‘Janam’ was telecast (on Doordarshan) in 1985 and the news was delayed for the first time in my memory for 14 minutes till the movie was over. It was an unprecedented thing at that time. The movie received lot of accolades and was included in the Panorama section of the 1986 International Film Festival of India (IFFI),” recalled Bhatt.
He says the telefilm got lost “because the actor who played the lead (Kumar Gaurav) faded into oblivion”.
But he is confident that Zahid, who was also part of “Daddy The Play”, “has the resolve to hit the bull’s eye” for the “tough screenplay” of the “Janam” remake.
The remake will be made under careful supervision of Bhatt.
“There was never any fear of social stigma within me. I was not afraid to expose my life although my family was outraged and not happy at all when I made ‘Janam’. But the film was about fighting in the social space against the existing norms of the society and breaking away from it.
“The idea of anybody giving birth to himself is very relevant. It is the story of a person who refuses to be defined by references of the world, as he wants to create his own destiny. My family will be quite pleasantly surprised that somebody so many years later is still finding it relevant to be revisited with the passage of time,” Bhatt said.
Sanjeev Malhotra’s Manween Sanjeev Creations is making their debut in Bollywood with this film as producers.
Malhotra had earlier partnered with Bhatt for the theatrical adaptation of “Daddy”.
“With ‘Janam’ my production house has also taken a birth of sorts. To venture into Bollywood with the remake of a path-breaking film like ‘Janam’ is an achievement in itself. I am really looking forward to make the best of this opportunity and make a film that holds up to the original,” Malhotra said.

Maharashtra alliance tangle: No new proposal from Shiv Sena  says BJPPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:41 pm
The BJP Saturday said it hasn’t received any new proposal on seat sharing from Shiv Sena for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls as its state unit prepared to put the list of candidates before the central parliamentary board in Delhi tomorrow.
“We have not received any proposal (on seat sharing) from Shiv Sena,” state BJP poll in-charge Om Mathur told reporters here this afternoon after a meeting of the party’s state core committee at leader of opposition Eknath Khadse’s
official residence.
“We will submit list of our candidates at the BJP parliamentary board meeting in Delhi tomorrow,” Mathur said.
“We discussed our seats. We are discussing on seats wherever discussions are needed,” he said.
Asked about Uddhav Thackeray’s remarks that the Sena had sent its proposal on seat sharing to BJP, Mathur said, “We have not received any new formula (from Sena).
“At yesterday’s meeting (with Aaditya Thackeray and Subhash Desai of Shiv Sena) it was decided that we will be told about when to sit for the next meeting. So far, we haven’t got any intimation about that.”
Mathur said the party will hold discussions on seat allocation for associate parties “Tomorrow, there is a parliamentary board meeting in Delhi. We will go with our list of candidates to Delhi,” he said.
Asked what would be the next course of action if talks on seat sharing with Sena fail to materialise, Mathur said, “We are going to Delhi for tomorrow’s meet with our list of candidates.”
There were reports that Shiv Sena had offered BJP 119 seats with a rider that it also accommodate smaller allies of ‘Mahayuti’, a rainbow alliance including smaller parties like RPI(A) and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, in its quota.
Shiv Sena had earlier rejected BJP’s proposal that the two major allies of ‘Mahayuti’ contest 135 seats each and leave the rest for smaller partners.
Sena had contested 169 and BJP 119 of the 288 assembly seats in Maharashtra in 2009.

Playing in the Carribean Premier League helped me: Andre RussellPress Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:40 pm
Refusing to revel in the early spotlight after his blitzkrieg in the Oppo Champions League Twenty20 opener, Kolkata Knight Riders allrounder Andre Russell has credited the team’s support staff and said that having the great Wasim Akram in the dugout is a big plus.
“The support staff of KKR is excellent. I ask a lot of questions from Wasim Akram. He teaches me simple things in practice that I may not notice. I do what he tells me to do,” Russell told PTI in an interview.
“How the ball come off the hand differently from different seam positions and things happen. So its good when you have guys like Wasim around. He can keep reminding you about your action, your follow through, hitting your wicket and bowl in the right areas,” he said.
The West Indian allrounder, who smashed a 25-ball 58 against Chennai Super Kings, took the reigning IPL champions out of a slump to ease to their 158-run target with an over to spare. Russell though cautioned the team against complacency.
“I think in T20 cricket, there is always room for improvement and we can’t take any team lightly. Every team is good on its day. So you can’t really pick favourites and predict that this or that team will pose a challenge or will be easy meat,” said Russell.
“When I say that this team is a weak team or this team is a strong team, I am probably creating trouble for myself by taking my opposition lightly. A strong team can be all out for a paltry score while a so-called weak team can go on to post a huge total. So you can never take anybody lightly. We just have to keep fighting and keep playing good cricket all through,” he added.
Russell, who is part of two champion sides with Jamaica Tallawahs winning the Caribbean Premier League in 2013 and KKR triumphing in IPL this year, said that captains Chris Gayle and Gautam Gambhir have led their respective teams with great focus.
“It’s two good leaders. They are very serious when it comes to the game. They are very passionate about it and I would give them a 100 per cent any day,” said Russell.
Russell, 26, who had a few good CPL games this season before coming into the CLT20, said momentum has helped him a lot.
“The competition in CPL was different. But I have been doing well for Jamaica Tallawahs and that has really helped me here as well. It helps when you carry a bit of momentum. I have been getting a role to play and I have been playing that role very well. I did very well in a few games and that gave me confidence coming into the Champions League.
“And you saw that night against Chennai Super Kings that things happened in my favour,” said a confident-sounding Russell.
The big-hitter was more than happy to continued…

Dalai Lama says India a model of religious harmonyDalai Lama says India a model of religious harmony
Improve Indian labour policy to attract investments: VIPImprove Indian labour policy to attract investments: VIP
NRAI congratulates Jitu Rai  Shweta for Asiad medalsNRAI congratulates Jitu Rai  Shweta for Asiad medals
Glt infra will run like ybrant digital  markson pharma561 Followers
Views on GLT Infra after Reliance JIO deal :
1) Till now gtl infra is loss making company (average net loss per qtr is approx 90 cr), but after deal GTL will post profit, because RJIO will pay approx 105 cr per qtr to gtl infra.  :)
12.05 PM Sep 20th

Arvind jee your views on digjam. 0n 14 sep 2006 this scrip touch 128 a...Silver Member
12 Followers
Arvind jee your views on DIGJAM. 0n 14 sep 2006 this scrip touch 128 and after that downward movment start on 21 nov 2006 right issue come at 20.00 per share. cmp .9.00 yesterday digjam is volume shocker in nse and bse both
4.03 PM Sep 20th

@dear dev balyan ji as per your request again we have analyzed gujarat...441 Followers
@Dear Dev Balyan ji,As per your request again we have analyzed GUJARAT NRE COKE.
Earlier On 13 July 2014 we have analysed this Stock for our friend on Unitech board. That time we had told that it is in medium-long term bearish phase. It is still on charts the same and there is no any such strong trend reversal signals as of now. It is in downward trend and looking for a support. The strong support level we are considering is @ 5.30 (on Closing basis)
Its Fundamental analysis is as follows:-
Life time high of the stock is RS.236.70
Life time low of the stock is Rs.1
Current Market Capitalization Rs. 552.2 CR
Sales are going better but the company is still in losses for last two years. All hopes will be upon this year September 2014 and December 2014 results now. Only the profitable results will help stock price movement upside.
Equity dividend not being paid last year. Last dividend of Rs. 0.50 given on 17/09/2012. Current Book value of the stock is Rs.18.32 as of now.
Technical Analysis:- NRE COKE: Dated 20/09/2014 CMP 8:85
If any one with a risk taking capacity and having a medium-long term (6 months-1 year max as of now) horizon must take a bet with only 5% of there capital amount. One can enter this stock for short-medium term gains with strict stop loss of 5.30 on closing basis.
Strong support at 5.30 (at closing basis)
Very near term support is at 8.40.
Advised to buy in small quantities only (SIPS).
One must track GUJARAT NRE COKE movements on daily basis before making any investment. Always buy in SIPs only and not in bulks. Watch for its upside moves` movement and than keep on adding in this stock more.
Thanks, BBH!

US Fed helps market to end in green  completes 6-week rallyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Xi Jinping flies back homepicture  others
Xi Jinping flies back home
Chinese President Xi Jinping with wife Peng Liyuan at Air Force station just before their departure in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Renuka Puri)
Chinese President Xi Jinping with wife Peng Liyuan wave before their departure at Air Force station in New Delhi. (Source: Express photo by Renuka Puri)
Chinese President XI Jinping with wife Peng Liyuan are ready to fly back to China. (Source: Express photo by Renuka Puri)
Congress President Sonia Gandhi greets Chinese President Xi Jinping during a call-on in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi greets Chinese President Xi Jinping, as former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh looks on, in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Chinese President Xi Jinping started the New Delhi leg of his three-day visit to India with a ceremonial reception being accorded to him at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday, a day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi unrolled a grand welcome for him on his home turf breaking from protocol, to set the stage for summit talks.
Chinese President Xi Jinping shakes hands with  N.R. Narayana Murthy during a banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Chinese President Xi Jinping shakes hands with industrialist Gautam Adani during a banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with Chinese President Xi Jinping during a banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi. (Source: PTI)
Chinese President Xi Jinping shakes hands with industrialist Gautam Adani during a banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee with Chinese President Xi Jinping during a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan as Chinese President Xi Jinping looks on during a banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee shakes hands with Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan as Chinese President Xi Jinping looks on during a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee with Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan during a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee shakes hands with Chinese President Xi Jinping during a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee and Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan look on as Chinese President Xi Jinping meeting with HRD Minister Smriti Irani during a banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee and Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan look on as Chinese President Xi Jinping meeting with Foreign Minister Sushama Swaraj during a banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Related

Rupee ends at one-week high on dollar sellingForex update: Rupee ends at one-week high of 60.81 against dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 20:52 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Friday edged up three paise to end at a one-week high of 60.81 against the Greenback at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market on sustained dollar selling by exporters and capital inflows.
A strong dollar overseas and some hesitancy in local stocks , however, limited the rupee rise, forex dealers said.
On a weekly basis, the domestic unit, however, fell 16 paise to log its first weekly drop in seven largely due to the 48-paise drop on Monday.
The rupee on Friday resumed better at 60.78 a dollar from Thursday's close of 60.84 . It was trapped in a narrow range of 60.73 and 60.8975 before finishing at 60.81, a rise of three paise or 0.05 per cent. In previous four days, rupee rose by 32 paise or 0.52 per cent.
Friday's closing of 60.81 against US dollar is the highest level since 60.65 on September 12.
The British pound staged a solid rally in early trade on Friday, as Scottish voters had decided to remain in the UK but later cooled off and eased.
The dollar index was quoting sharply higher by 0.34 per cent against its major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said, "Today rupee traded in a thin range and ended near previous close. Rupee is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities. Trading range for the Spot USD/INR pair is expected to be within 60.30 to 61.30."
In the forwards market on Friday, premium closed steady to firm on stray payments from banks and corporates.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February ended at its overnight closing level of 221.5-223.5 paise while far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 rose to 479.5-481.5 paise from 475-477 paise.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex , after two days of strong rally, ended lower by 21.79 points (or 0.08 per cent).
FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth US $25.31 million on Thursday, as per Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) data.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.8055 and for the euro at 78.4695.
The rupee remained weak against the pound to 99.54 from Thursday's close of 99.41 while continued its upward march to end at 78.17 per euro from 78.37. It also improved further to 55.89 per 100 Japanese yen from 55.98.

The  Tezaab  effect on Jhalak: Anil Kapoor  Madhuri Dixit shake a legentertainment
The ‘Tezaab’ effect on Jhalak: Anil Kapoor, Madhuri Dixit shake a leg
Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit set the stage on fire with a special performance at the finale of dance reality show - 'Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 7'. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The camaraderie of this pair dates back to the 90's era where they were the ultimate celluloid couple.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The duo has given hits like 'Tezaab', 'Parinda', 'Ram Lakhan' and 'Beta' among others.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
"Keh do ki tum ho meri warna...." Anil Kapoor seems to be saying this to Madhuri. "Keh do ki tum ho meri warna...." is a famous song from their hit film 'Tezaab'. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Dhina Dhin Dha - Anil Kapoor does his signature move. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Anil Kapoor tries to woo Madhuri Dixit in his own 'Jhakkaas' style. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Madhuri Dixit looked beautiful in a pink-golden lehenga. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Anchor Ranvir Shorey cheers for Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit as they dance it out at the Jhalak finale.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
One of the finalists on the show, Shakti Mohan tries to woo Anil Kapoor, as another finalist, Mouni Roy, looks on.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
And now it's Anil Kapoor's turn.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit strike a pose with the other two judges on the show - Karan Johar and Remo D'Souza.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Anil Kapoor shares some anecdotes with finalist - Ashish Sharma.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Anil Kapoor shows off his dance moves while the contestants on the show cheer for him.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Anil Kapoor with the three finalists - Mouni Roy, Shakti Mohan and Ashish Sharma. The fourth finalist is TV actor Karan Tacker.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Mosul - Before and after Islamic State onslaughtpicture  others
Mosul – Before and after Islamic State onslaught
The above image shows a 1932 image of a coppersmith working in the market in Mosul, northern Iraq, from the Library of Congress (top) and a June 22, 2014 file photo of a fighter with the Islamic State group distributing a copy of the Quran, Islam's holy book, to a driver in central Mosul. (Source: AP)
This combination of two photographs shows a 1932 image of a lorry on the road south of Mosul, Iraq, from the Library of Congress (top) and an image posted on a militant news Twitter account on Thursday, June 12, 2014 showing militants from the Islamic State group removing part of the soil barrier on the Iraq-Syria borders and moving through it.  (Source: AP)
This combination of two photographs shows a 1932 image of men on a lorry on the road to Mosul, northern Iraq, from the Library of Congress, top, and fighters from the Islamic State group parading in a commandeered Iraqi security forces armored vehicle down a main road in Mosul on Monday, June 23, 2014. (Source: AP)
This combination of two photographs shows a 1932 image of a main street in Mosul, northern Iraq, from the Library of Congress, top, and militants parading down a main road in Mosul, posted on a militant Twitter account on Wednesday, June 11, 2014. (Source: AP)
The above picture shows a 1932 image of the Crooked Minaret mosque next to a Yazidi shrine in Mosul, northern Iraq, from the Library of Congress, top, and the same site, without the shrine, on June 8, 2009. In July, Islamic State militants failed to destroy the 840-year old Crooked Minaret that leans like Italy's Tower of Pisa when residents sat on the ground and linked arms to form a human chain. (Source: AP)
The above picture shows a 1932 image taken during the autumn of Nebi Yunis, the tomb of the prophet Jonah, in Mosul, northern Iraq, from the Library of Congress, top, and Iraqis walking in the rubble of the revered Muslim shrine after it was was destroyed on Thursday, July 24, 2014 by militants who overran the city in June and imposed their harsh interpretation of Islamic law. (Source: AP)
This combination of two photographs shows a 1932 image of Lady Surrma of the Assyrian community posing for a portrait in Mosul, northern Iraq, from the Library of Congress, left, and an Iraqi woman looking at a shop display in central Mosul after the Islamic State group ordered clothes shop owners to cover the faces of the mannequins on Monday, July 21, 2014. The shop owners said, apparently in line with strict interpretations of Shariah law that forbid statues or artwork depicting the human form. (Source: AP)
The above image shows a 1932 image of the Tigris River stretching out in the distance as seen from Mosul, northern Iraq from the Library of Congress, top, and a file photo of smoke rising during airstrikes targeting Islamic State militants at the Mosul Dam on Monday, Aug. 18, 2014. (Source: AP)
The above image shows a 1932 image of Iraqi vendors and customers in the shoe market in Mosul, northern Iraq from the Library of Congress, top, and a Monday, July 7, 2014 file photo of a man walking in a market, nearly a month after Islamic militants took over the country's second largest city. (Source: AP)
The above picture shows a 1932 image of Iraqis in the market in Mosul, northern Iraq, from the Library of Congress, top, and demonstrators chanting pro-Islamic State group slogans as they carry the group's flags in front of the provincial government headquarters in Mosul on Monday, June 16, 2014. (Source: AP)
Related

Indian architect Alok Shetty named among  leaders of tomorrow  by Time magazineE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Time names Indian architect Shetty  leader o...Young Indian architect 'Alok Shetty' named 'leader of tomorrow' by Time
By PTI | 20 Sep, 2014, 12.30PM IST
0
Share More
Shetty, who studied Master's in architecture at Columbia University, "came at the problem with an approach he brings to all of his projects -- marrying smart design with a commitment to sustainability."
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: A 28-year-old Indian architect has been named "young leader of tomorrow" by Time magazine for his pioneering work in designing affordable flood-proof houses for slum dwellers.
Alok Shetty is among "leaders of tomorrow" who are "working hard to change their worlds today," Time said as it named six inspirational young persons in its first class of "next generation leaders".
Time said Shetty is "building hope in India" as an architect who is "finding simple solutions to complex problems."
Shetty, working with the Bangalore-based nonprofit Parinaam Foundation, is designing homes for hundreds of slum dwellers whose makeshift houses flood during the heavy rains and become breeding grounds for diseases like malaria.
He has been working in Bangalore's LRDE slum, which lies next to one of the southern Indian city's sprawling technology parks and is home to some 2,000 people.
Shetty, who studied Master's in architecture at Columbia University, "came at the problem with an approach he brings to all of his projects -- marrying smart design with a commitment to sustainability."
He designed flood-proof houses, costing USD 300, out of discarded scaffolding, bamboo and wood. The houses are affordable and easy to set up as it takes only four hours to erect and dismantle them.
Shetty is seeking government subsidies to bring the price down further for those who cannot afford the units.
"Shetty epitomizes a growing breed of young leaders and entrepreneurs in India who are committed to finding solutions for a country undergoing rapid social and economic changes, some of which can leave India's poorest straggling behind," Time said.
Another venture by is a plan to boost access to healthcare and education in remote communities.
"In my travels I saw vast stretches of rural India where infrastructure for health care and education was severely underdeveloped," he says in the Time report.
"Building facilities in these areas is not impossible but it is time-consuming. Adaptive architecture...can be an extremely effective solution to help address our developmental problems," he said, adding that "often the simplest solutions are the best solutions."
The list also includes Israeli social entrepreneur Adi Altschuler (27), China's Zhao Bowen (22) who is working on improving medical testing and activist Ikram Ben Said (34) who founded 'Aswat Nissa' in Tunisia that is dedicated to women's rights and the first to involve Tunisian women politicians.
Online music video mogul Jamal Edwards (24) is building an online music video empire and giving other entrepreneurs a helping hand while British-Nigerian Ola Orekunrin (28) is the founder and managing director of Flying Doctors Nigeria, the first emergency air ambulance service in the country.

Efforts to kickstart WTO talks suffer setback as differences persistE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Meet the man who s making Bill Gates so richMichael Larson: The man who's making Bill Gates so rich
By Julie Bort, Business Insider | 20 Sep, 2014, 01.35PM IST
0
Share More
At the party, Gates told guests that he has "complete trust and faith" in Larson, meaning that means that Larson, invests Gates' money, buying and selling, with completely autonomy.
ET SPECIAL:
Bill Gates is worth an astounding $81.6 billion and he keeps getting richer every year.
His secret weapon is man you probably never heard of: Michael Larson.
Gates hired Larson 20 years ago, when his net worth was a relatively paltry $5 billion, reports Anupreeta Das and Craig Karmin at the Wall Street Journal, who just wrote a profile on the notoriously secretive Larson.
Larson runs Gates' personal investment company Cascade Investment LLC, funded solely by Gates.
At one time, Gates wealth depended solely on Microsoft. But for years he's been selling off his Microsoft stake. The common perception is that he's been using the proceeds from those sales directly for charity. That's not entirely how it works.
Although Gates makes his own investments in tech, it is Larson, though Cascade, who has taken Gate's money and diversified it. Gates now has vast holdings in real estate and non-tech companies like the Canadian National Railway Co., AutoNation Inc., and Republic Services Inc. It is these vast holdings that helps fund the Gates' donations.
And although Gates has given an astounding $38 billion to his charitable foundation, thanks to Larson, he's getting richer faster than he give his money away.
His $81.6 billion is nearly $6 billion more than it was as of March 2014, when he was worth $76 billion, we reported at the time. And $76 was $9 billion more than he was worth in March, 2013.
In February, Gates celebrated 20 years of this partnership by throwing a gala to honor Larson at his Seattle mansion, reports the WSJ. It was a rare occasion where the two men socialized with each other. Apparently, they aren't buddies and don't hang out much, sources told the Journal.
At the party, Gates told guests that he has "complete trust and faith" in Larson, meaning that means that Larson, invests Gates' money, buying and selling, with completely autonomy.
And he does it all under a cover of such ferocious secrecy that he's been nicknamed "the Gateskeeper."
Although publicly traded companies do reveal when Cascade has invested heavily in them, Larson has all sorts of tricks for keeping Cascade and Bill Gate's name out of other investments, sources told the Journal.
For instance, he makes employees sign confidentiality agreements which cover them even after they leave. He farms out more than $10 billion to up to 25 outside money managers. This helps him find new investment ideas, but it also helps cover the trail. When Cascade was part of an investment group that bought the Ritz-Carlton hotel in San Francisco, the publicist didn't even know Cascade, and Bill Gates, was among them.
He's also been known to fire up a limited Limited Liability Corporation to make real estate purchases, to keep Cascade's name off the deal and the deed.
He's so good at hiding the trail that most people don't know that Gates, through Cascade, owns a significant stake in the Four Seasons luxury-hotel chain.
And he's frugal with the bosses money, too. Apparently Cascade employees, of which there are about 100, are not allowed to stay at the Four Seasons when traveling on business, even if that business is on behalf of the Four Seasons. They must choose a lower-cost, less luxurious hotel.
"Melinda and I are free to pursue our vision of a healthier and better-educated world because of what Michael has done," Gates told guests at the party.
And ultimately, the money will go to charity. Bill and Melinda Gates have vowed to donate 95% of their wealth to their foundation, as part of Gate's Giving Pledge.
But until then, Larson is making it grow.

Unveiled: Motion poster of Akshay Kumars The ShaukeensPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:50 pm
The first motion poster of ‘The Shaukeens’ starring Akshay Kumar, Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor and Piyush Mishra, has been released.
The teaser has the tagline ‘a coming of age comedy’ and features the voice of the three lecherous old men (played by Kher, Mishra and Kapoor) planning a trip to Bangkok for a fun holiday.
“‘The Shaukeens’ are coming on November 7! Here’s the motion poster. What do you guys think?” Akshay, who is also the producer of the movie, posted on Twitter along with the link of the poster.
The project is a remake of 1982 film ‘Shaukeen’ directed by Basu Chatterjee, starring Ashok Kumar, Utpal Dutt, AK Hangal, Rati Agnihotri and Mithun Chakraborty.
‘The Shaukeens’, helmed by ‘Tere Bin Laden’ fame director Abhishek Sharma, also stars Lisa Haydon.

Alibaba: Everything You Need to KnowAlibaba: Everything You Need to Know
PMs statement to please US & shed his communal image: UPMinsPrint
PTI | Ballia | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:18 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 4:53 pm
Uttar Pradesh Minister Ramgovind Chaudhary on Saturday alleged Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s statement that Indian Muslims will live and die for India, was made “to please” United States and shed his “communal image”. The state minister for primary education urged the Prime Minister to ask Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), VHP, Hindu Jagran Manch and other Hindutva organisations to adopt his views.
“Samajwadi Party president has often said that BJP needs to change its mindset on Muslims. It seems that Modi has taken it seriously and only repeated Mulayam Singh Yadav’s opinion that Muslims are patriots,” he told reporters here. Chaudhary alleged that “the Prime Minister’s statement was made out of compulsion to please the US and to shed his communal image. “Despite everything, he cannot wash off the blot on his image.” State minister for stamps and registration, Ambika Chaudhary while welcoming Modi’s remark said that before issuing the statement he ought to have won over the confidence of Muslims for his party so that they would take them seriously.
“Modi need to ensure that BJP leaders’ behaviour reflect his views on the subject,” she added. The Prime Minister said in a television interview that Indian Muslims will live and die for India and that they will not dance to the tunes of terror outfit Al Qaeda. “My understanding is that they are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country. If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional.
“Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India–they will not want anything bad for India,” he told CNN in a rare media interview.

Lasith Malinga to undergo ankle treatment inAustraliaLasith Malinga will undergo a surgery in Australia Lanka's national selector informed. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Colombo | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:11 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 4:12 pm
Sri Lanka will have to do without Lasith Malinga for about three-and-a-half months until early next year as the speedster has planned to get his troubled ankle treated in Australia.
National Selector Pramodaya Wickramasingha said that the right-armer would be soon flying to Australia for treatment to an ankle injury and will be out of action for 14 weeks.
This would mean that Malinga, who only plays in the shorter versions of the game will be unavailable for the seven-match ODI home series against England starting November 26.
Wickramasingha said Sri Lanka plans to have him back for the last two ODI matches in New Zealand in January.
“We hope to play him in the last two ODIs in New Zealand on January 25 and 29 ahead of the World Cup”, Wickramasingha said.
England play hosts Sri Lanka between November 26 and December 16.
The ODI series in New Zealand will begin on January 11 in Christchurch.
Sri Lanka will kick off their World Cup campaign with hosts New Zealand on February 14.
We hope to play him in the last two ODIs in New Zealand on January 25 and 29 ahead of the World Cup

Mahesh Bhatts Janam to beremadeThe original featured Kumar Gaurav as Mahesh Bhatt. Now the latter's protege Imran Zahid would be doing the needful.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:42 pm
His “Arth” and “Daddy” were recently turned into stage productions and now there is talk of Mahesh Bhatt’s 1985 autobiographical film “Janam” being remade.
The original featured Kumar Gaurav as Mahesh Bhatt. Now the latter’s protege Imran Zahid would be doing the needful.
Talking about the project, Bhatt, who turned 65 Saturday, said: “What I’ve made and is now in the public sphere, is not mine anymore. It has been so many years but the same feelings and emotions still exist.
“‘Janam’ was telecast (on Doordarshan) in 1985 and the news was delayed for the first time in my memory for 14 minutes till the movie was over. It was an unprecedented thing at that time. The movie received lot of accolades and was included in the Panorama section of the 1986 International Film Festival of India (IFFI),” recalled Bhatt.
He says the telefilm got lost “because the actor who played the lead (Kumar Gaurav) faded into oblivion”.
But he is confident that Zahid, who was also part of “Daddy The Play”, “has the resolve to hit the bull’s eye” for the “tough screenplay” of the “Janam” remake.
The remake will be made under careful supervision of Bhatt.
“There was never any fear of social stigma within me. I was not afraid to expose my life although my family was outraged and not happy at all when I made ‘Janam’. But the film was about fighting in the social space against the existing norms of the society and breaking away from it.
“The idea of anybody giving birth to himself is very relevant. It is the story of a person who refuses to be defined by references of the world, as he wants to create his own destiny. My family will be quite pleasantly surprised that somebody so many years later is still finding it relevant to be revisited with the passage of time,” Bhatt said.
Sanjeev Malhotra’s Manween Sanjeev Creations is making their debut in Bollywood with this film as producers.
Malhotra had earlier partnered with Bhatt for the theatrical adaptation of “Daddy”.
“With ‘Janam’ my production house has also taken a birth of sorts. To venture into Bollywood with the remake of a path-breaking film like ‘Janam’ is an achievement in itself. I am really looking forward to make the best of this opportunity and make a film that holds up to the original,” Malhotra said.

PM s statement to please US & shed his communal image:UP MinsPM s statement to please US & shed his communal image:UP Mins
Baby Girl Born with 2 Front Teeth Shocks Mother [VIDEO]Baby Girl Born with 2 Front Teeth Shocks Mother [VIDEO]
Alibaba IPO May be the Largest in HistoryAlibaba IPO May be the Largest in History
G20 members differ on how to achieve growth goalG20 members differ on how to achieve growth goal
HCL Tech to Invest $9 Million in North Carolina Centre; Create 1 237 JobsYou are here: Home Corporates
HCL Tech to Invest $9 Million in North Carolina Centre; Create 1,237 Jobs
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 18, 2014 22:40 (IST)
European Parliament May Propose Google Break-Up in Draft Resolution
New York: India's fourth largest software services firm HCL Technologies will expand its centre in North Carolina with an investment of $9 million, creating up to 1,237 new jobs by the end of 2018.
HCL Technologies, which has over 8,000 people working across 15 states in the US, employs close to 1,000 people at the Cary Centre in North Carolina.
Governor Pat McCrory and North Carolina Commerce Secretary Sharon Decker on Thursday made the announcement at the centre.
"HCL sees Cary as a strategic talent hub in the Americas and will invest approximately $9 million in expanding the centre. The company continues to invest in its global delivery footprint in order to enhance value for its clients by developing near shore capabilities," HCL Technologies chief human resources officer Prithvi Shergill told PTI.
The hirings will be a mix of local as well as external professionals, he added.
HCL's business in America contributes more than 50 per cent of the firm's global revenues. In 2013-14 fiscal, its revenue stood at Rs 16,497.37 crore.
The firm also has partnerships with North Carolina New Schools for STEM related initiatives to leverage HCL's services for content creation and management of its collaborative online community.
HCL will hire computer professionals to develop, maintain and upgrade software applications and provide services to global clients. Salaries will vary by job function and experience, but the average annual payroll for the new jobs is expected to be nearly $64 million.
The expansion comes as part of an award to HCL from the state Job Development Investment Grant (JDIG) programmes, which are awarded to new and expanding businesses and industrial projects in the region.
Under the terms of the company's JDIG award, HCL is eligible to receive up to 12 annual grants equal to 75 per cent of the state personal income tax withholdings from the eligible new jobs created since the date of the initial award.
"Over 12 years, the JDIG award could yield aggregate benefits to HCL of more than $19.6 million upon the creation of 1,237 jobs," he said.
An estimated $6.5 million in additional funds from the company's JDIG award could be added to the state's Utility Fund for infrastructure improvements in economically distressed counties, he said.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 22:38 (IST)

Sebi to Soon Notify Norms for Real Estate Investment TrustsYou are here: Home Industries
Sebi to Soon Notify Norms for Real Estate Investment Trusts
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 19, 2014 14:26 (IST)
Shah Rukh Khan Takes Down Box-Office Records With Happy New Year
New Delhi: To help attract greater foreign and domestic investments into real estate, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Friday said it will soon notify norms for creation and listing of business trusts for this key sector.
Addressing a conference organised by Assocham in Delhi, Sebi executive director Ananta Barua said, "We will soon notify the new norms on Real Estate Investment Trusts or REITs."
The board of capital market regulator Sebi had approved the regulations on real estate investment trusts (REITs) last month after receiving public comments.
According to experts, the new instrument has the potential of attracting $8-10 billion into the cash-starved realty sector.
This trust would help in the progress of the real estate sector, Mr Barua said.
Like mutual funds, REITs would pool in money from investors and issue units in exchange. Most of the money collected would be invested in commercial properties which are completed and generate income.
The new norms would enable listing and trading of REITs as any other security on the stock exchange and also help create new platform for raising of funds by real estate companies.
The guidelines, approved by the Sebi board, have fixed the minimum requirement for asset sizes permitted to be listed in India at Rs 500 crore. Earlier, there was a minimum requirement of Rs 1,000 crore in this regard.
REITs may invest directly in properties or through a special purpose vehicle (SPV). As per the norms, 80 per cent of the value of a REIT shall be invested in completed and revenue-generating assets, and the remaining 20 per cent may be invested in developmental properties and other assets.
In the Union budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had announced significant tax incentives for this product.
The government feels the new investment avenue would reduce pressure on the banking system while also making available fresh equity in form of long-term finance from foreign and domestic sources including the NRIs for the real estate sector.
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 14:25 (IST)

UCO Bank Weighing Options to Send Notice to Kingfisher AirlinesCredit cards issued by the RBI! Yes, that's the latest  trick fraudsters are using to dupe hapless people, the central bank has  found recently.
Spotlight
Jaitley on Friday said that ensuring the passage of the constitutional amendment Bill in Parliament will be a priority for the government.
Watch NDTV Profit Shows

JSW Has Handful of Potential Targets on Radar for AcquisitionYou are here: Home Corporates
JSW Has Handful of Potential Targets on Radar for Acquisition
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 19, 2014 14:47 (IST)
European Parliament May Propose Google Break-Up in Draft Resolution
New Delhi: Set to foray into the European market with the acquisition of an Italian steel firm, JSW Steel has on its radar a handful of potential companies for takeover both in the space of steel making as well as raw material.
The Sajjan Jindal-led firm, which announced a deal last month to acquire all of Welspun Maxsteel for Rs 1,000 crore, has already submitted the final binding bid to acquire some assets of Italy's Lucchini.
"We have given the final binding bid to the government of Italy. We are awaiting their response. we have to go to their committees and then it will be concluded. I think, by end of next month, the deal would be concluded," Mr Jindal said on the sidelines of an event organised by the CII in Delhi.
Earlier in the week, Mr Jindal had said JSW Steel was in a "very positive way" looking at acquisition of another Italian steel firm, Ilva, having 10 million tonnes per annum capacity, and would start due diligence.
While the Lucchini acquisition could cost below $100 million, the buying of Ilva would need "very big investment as it has lot of liabilities and it's a very complex project", he had said.
Asked about targets for future acquisition, Mr Jindal said, "There are many such units which are potential takeover targets. We are looking at them and if they fit into our policy and our canvas, then we look at them. These are mostly in Europe."
JSW Steel, which has 14.3 million tonnes a year capacity now, has been facing iron ore shortage to feed its plants located in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra and as such, recently started importing the key steel-making raw material.
"We are always open to various ideas. We are looking at various ideas, but nothing has materialised as yet. We are looking at iron ore assets all over - in Australia, Africa, North America and South America," Mr Jindal said.
On Maxsteel, he said, "We have already applied to the Competition Commission of India and once we get the approval and then we will take over the company."
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 14:46 (IST)

PM Modi to Launch  Make in India  CampaignShah Rukh Khan Takes Down Box-Office Records With Happy New Year
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the 'Make in India' campaign here next week at a mega function that will be attended by about a thousand global and domestic business leaders.
"On September 25, the Prime Minister will launch the Make in India programme," Power Minister Piyush Goyal said.
According to officials, several top global companies from countries including the US, Japan, Korea, Sweden, Poland, Australia, China, Italy, Germany and France are likely to attend the function.
It is expected that PM Modi would announce some major incentives for corporates setting up manufacturing hubs in the country.
In his Independence Day address, PM Modi had invited the global business community to set up manufacturing facilities in India, giving the slogan 'come, make in India'.
To make it more successful, the campaign would be simultaneously launched in different state capitals including Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore.
The campaign will also be telecast live in Indian embassies in countries in similar time zone as that of India.
The officials also said that prospective investors will be informed about India's growth story and the steps being taken by the government to improve investment climate here.
The move is aimed at generating huge employment, boosting trade and spurring economic growth.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 22:28 (IST)

China fines GSK US $489 million for briberyChina fines GlaxoSmithKline US $489 million for bribery
KJM Varma     Beijing   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 18:39 IST
The British pharmaceutical giant was fined US $489 million (Photo: Reuters)
GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), the British pharmaceutical giant, was on Friday fined US $489 million, the biggest-ever penalty given by a Chinese court, for bribing doctors in China to boost sales.
The Changsha Intermediate People's Court in central China's Hunan Province imposed a fine of 3 billion yuan (US $489 million) on the Chinese branch of GSK while sentencing its manager, a British national, to three years in prison.
Following Friday's closed-door trial of the bribery case involving GSK China, the court ruled the firm was guilty of bribing personnel in the business and imposed the fine, China's offocial Xinhua news agency reported.
GSK China , resorted to bribery to boost sales of its medical products and sought benefits in an unfair manner, the court said in a statement. (The firm) bribed, in various forms, people working in medical institutions across the country, and the amount of money involved was huge.
Five senior executives actively organised, pushed forward and implemented sales with bribery, it said.
Among the five, Mark Reilly, a British national and former manager of GSK China, has been given three years with a four-year reprieve and will be expelled from China.
Another three, namely, former Human Resources Director Zhang Guowei, former VP and Operations Manager Liang Hong and former Legal Affairs Director Zhao Hongyan, were given two to three years with reprieves ranging from two to three years.
Following the verdict, the drug firm posted an apology on its Chinese website, saying that it "fully accepts the facts and evidence of the investigation and the verdict of the Chinese judicial authorities."
GSK sincerely apologises to the Chinese patients, doctors and hospitals, and to the Chinese Government and the Chinese people and deeply regrets the damage caused, the company said in its apology.
It also apologised for harm caused by its illegal private investigation.
The apology described the events as clear breach of GSK's governance and "wholly contrary to the values and standards we expect from our employees."
"The company will continue to invest in China and support research. It will continue to develop new medicines in China and increase access to its products in rural areas "through greater expansion of production and through price flexibility," the statement added.
(PTI)

China Hands GlaxoSmithKline $489 Mn FineYou are here: Home Corporates
China Hands GlaxoSmithKline Record $489 Million Fine
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 19:23 (IST)
European Parliament May Propose Google Break-Up in Draft Resolution
Shanghai/London: China fined GlaxoSmithKline Plc a record 3 billion yuan ($490 million) on Friday for paying bribes to doctors to use its drugs, underlining the risks of doing business there while also ending a damaging chapter for the British drug maker.
A court in the southern city of Changsha also sentenced Mark Reilly, the former head of GSK in China, and other GSK executives to between two and four years in jail, according to state news agency Xinhua.
However, Briton Mr Reilly, shown on state television wearing a suit and looking tired during the trial, will be deported and will not face jail time in China, a source with direct knowledge of the case said.
"Reilly will be deported so he won't be in detention in China," said the source, who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the case.
The verdict, handed out behind closed doors in a single-day trial according to Xinhua, highlights how Chinese regulators are increasingly cracking down on bad behaviour.
However, it also offers GSK a potential way forward in the fast-growing Chinese pharmaceutical market, a magnet for foreign firms who are attracted by a healthcare bill that McKinsey & Co estimates will hit $1 trillion by 2020.
"If GSK China can learn a profound lesson and carry out its business according to the rule of law, then it can once again win the trust of China's government and people," Xinhua said in a commentary.
Xinhua closely reflects China's official government view.
Committed to China
GSK said it remained committed to China and promised to become a "model for reform in China's healthcare industry".
"GSK Plc has reflected deeply and learned from its mistakes, has taken steps to comprehensively rectify the issues identified at the operations of GSKCI, and must work hard to regain the trust of the Chinese people," GSK said in a written apology.
Future commitments include investment in Chinese science and improved access to medicines across the country through greater expansion of production and flexible pricing, it said.
Roche chief executive Severin Schwan told Reuters in an interview this week, "I remain very bullish about China, even though currently the market has slowed down and pricing pressure has increased."
GSK also faces investigations into its overseas practices by US and British authorities. Those investigations continue and could result in further penalties for the group.
"The SFO criminal investigation into the commercial practices of GlaxoSmithKline plc and its subsidiaries continues," a spokeswoman at Britain's Serious Fraud Office (SFO) said in an email.
In addition to the high-profile Chinese case, GSK has been accused of corrupt practices, on a smaller scale, in Poland, Syria, Iraq, Jordan and Lebanon.
GSK said the activities by the firm's China unit were a "clear breach" of GSK's governance and compliance procedures.
Chinese police first accused GSK of bribery in July last year when it said that the firm had funnelled up to 3 billion yuan, exactly the same amount as the fine, to travel agencies to facilitate bribes to doctors and officials.
"Reaching a conclusion in the investigation of our Chinese business is important, but this has been a deeply disappointing matter for GSK. We have and will continue to learn from this," GSK CEO Andrew Witty said in the statement.
Surprise announcement
The case is the biggest corruption scandal to hit a foreign company in China since the Rio Tinto affair in 2009, which resulted in four executives, including an Australian, being jailed for between seven and 14 years.
The judgment on Friday took many people by surprise, partly because Chinese authorities did not make the date of the trial public in advance.
The ruling from the Changsha Intermediate People's Court means China has charged GSK's China unit with bribery as well as the individual executives.
Under Chinese criminal law, bribery by a corporate unit can lead to a large fine and jail sentence for the unit's head.
Mr Reilly's China-based lawyer declined to comment on Friday.
A spokesman for the British Consulate General in Shanghai said that Britain had "continually called for a just conclusion to this case", but declined to comment further while the case was open for appeal.
Shares in the company were slightly higher on Friday, despite the Chinese news, as the market took the penalty in its stride. A fine had been widely expected and the $489 million hit will be relatively manageable for a company with a market value of $113 billion.
"GlaxoSmithKline will hope that this will draw a line under events in China, but it will take time for its Chinese commercial operations to recover," said Mick Cooper, analyst at Edison Investment Research in London.
($1 dollar = 6.1376 Chinese yuan)
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 19:18 (IST)

RBI cautions banks about Jan Dhan YojanaRBI tells banks to be careful about Jan Dhan Yojana
PTI     Kolkata   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 19:35 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday warned the banks to be more careful while opening accounts under the Jan- Dhan Yojana , saying that a single individual could open multiple accounts in the lure of Rs 1 lakh insurance cover.
There are some caveats when the banks are implementing the financial inclusion scheme under the recently launched Jan-Dhan programme, RBI Executive Director P Vijay Bhaskar said at a CII seminar  held in Kolkata on Friday.
He said people could open accounts in different banks using different identity documents like PAN card, Aadhar among others in the lure of getting insurance cover of Rs 1 lakh from all the banks. The banks should have a single information sharing system by which this possible misuse could be stopped. Another possible threat was 'smurfing', the RBI official said.
In this case, hawala operators would spilt the whole amount into several small units beyond the threshold using several bank accounts and send money overseas.
The last was 'money mules' by which an individual would operate through another person's bank account. Talking about the north-eastern region, he said the SLBCs and the SLCCs should take steps to improve the credit-deposit ratio of the region as the CD ratio was much lower than the national average.
Earlier this week, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had cautioned banks on the risks involved in just hunting for numbers with regards to Jan Dhan scheme, asking them not to compromise on core objectives of the programme.
When we roll out the scheme, we have to make sure it does not go off the track. The target is universality, not just speed and numbers, Rajan had said. The scheme can be a waste if it leads to duplication of accounts, if no transaction happens on the new accounts and if the new users get bad experiences, he had added.

Prices of 36 More Drugs Capped to Improve Access: ReportShah Rukh Khan Takes Down Box-Office Records With Happy New Year
India has capped the prices of 36 drugs, including those used to treat infections and diabetes, in its latest move to make essential medicines more affordable, a senior official of the country's drug pricing authority told Reuters on Friday.
The medicines join the 348 drugs deemed essential and that are therefore subject to price caps, covering up to 30 percent of the total drugs sold in the country where less than 20 percent of its people are covered by health insurance.
Global and Indian drugmakers have been hit by wide-ranging government-imposed price reductions in the last one year in India. Industry officials say prices in the country are already among the lowest in the world.
"This is a straight-forward, most predictable, overdue action which has been done by us," the official at the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) said, declining to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter.
Drugmakers, including Cipla Ltd, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd, and Cadila Healthcare Ltd, are among the companies that will be affected by the latest decision, research firm AIOCD Pharmasofttech AWACS Pvt Ltd said.
Cipla, Ranbaxy and Cadila did not immediately respond to Reuters requests for comment.
An official at the Department of Pharmaceuticals, which controls the drug pricing authority, confirmed the price cap move, but declined to give details.
Ciprofloxacin, a common antibiotic that is sold by many companies including Ranbaxy and Cipla, is among the drugs whose prices were capped by the latest order. The research firm said the cap would shrink the drug's market value by 51 percent.
People directly involved in the process told Reuters in June that the government was likely to raise the number of drugs that are in the essential medicines list and subject to price caps to improve affordability.
The NPPA is drawing up a list of mass consumption, essential life-saving drugs which it thinks should be included in the essential medicines list, said the senior official at the pricing authority on Friday.
The recommendations will be sent to health ministry by mid-October, he said.
The authority in July had also capped the prices of more than 100 medicines that are not part of the essential medicines list. The pharmaceutical industry has challenged the move in local courts.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Be Careful About  Jan Dhan  Scheme: RBI to BanksArun Jaitley Against Burdening Salaried, Middle Class
The Reserve Bank on Friday warned the banks to be more careful while opening accounts under the Jan-Dhan Yojana, saying that a single individual could open multiple accounts in the lure of Rs 1 lakh insurance cover.
"There are some caveats when the banks are implementing the financial inclusion scheme under the recently launched Jan-Dhan programme," RBI Executive Director P Vijay Bhaskar said at a CII seminar in the eastern state West Bengal's capital city on Friday.
He said people could open accounts in different banks using different identity documents like PAN card, Aadhar among others in the lure of getting insurance cover of Rs 1 lakh from all the banks.
The banks should have a single information sharing system by which this possible misuse could be stopped.
Another possible threat was 'smurfing', the RBI official said.
In this case, hawala operators would spilt the whole amount into several small units beyond the threshold using several bank accounts and send money overseas.
The last was 'money mules' by which an individual would operate through another person's bank account.
Talking about the north-eastern region, he said the SLBCs and the SLCCs should take steps to improve the credit-deposit ratio of the region as the CD ratio was much lower than the national average.
Earlier this week, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had cautioned banks on the risks involved in just hunting for numbers with regards to Jan Dhan scheme, asking them not to compromise on core objectives of the programme.
"When we roll out the scheme, we have to make sure it does not go off the track. The target is universality, not just speed and numbers," Rajan had said.
The scheme can be a "waste" if it leads to duplication of accounts, if no transaction happens on the new accounts and if the new users get bad experiences, he had added.
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 21:29 (IST)

 Jack Ma Rides  Forrest Gump  Story to RichesRBL Bank Plans to Launch IPO in Three Quarters
In his long road to riches, Alibaba founder Jack Ma says his inspiration has been the film character "Forrest Gump."
"I like that guy. I've been watching that movie about 10 times," Mr Ma said in an interview with a TV news channel as his Chinese online firm made its historic Wall Street trading debut on Friday.
"Every time I get frustrated, I watch the movie."
Mr Ma said the lesson he learned from the blockbuster featuring Tom Hanks was "that no matter whatever changed, you are you. I'm still the guy I was 15 years ago (when I earned) $20 a month."
Mr Ma became excited about the Internet during a visit to the United States in 1995 and wanted to find a way to bring the online world to China. In 1999, he convinced friends to give him $60,000 to start an e-commerce firm called Alibaba.
Fifteen years later, the company is an Internet giant and Ma -- a former English teacher -- is among the topmost ranks of China's super-rich, with wealth estimated at $11 billion by Forbes magazine.
Alibaba Group includes Tmall.com for business-to-consumer transactions and Taobao, China's most popular online consumer marketplace with hundreds of millions of products and services listed. (Read: Alibaba: China's Giant Online Shopping 'Crocodile' )
Mr Ma, now 50, gave up his university teaching job after discovering the Internet.
Seeing an opportunity for small businesses to buy and sell their goods online, he started Alibaba, initially running the company out of his apartment in the eastern city of Hangzhou.
"The first time I used the Internet, I touched the keyboard and I find 'well, this is something I believe, it is something that is going to change the world and change China,'" Ma said in the interview.
Compared to Steve Jobs
Ma has inspired strong devotion among his employees and users, drawing comparisons with late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs -- although he practices a more open management style.
A devotee of t'ai chi, he has made references to Chinese martial arts in both business strategy and corporate culture.
Porter Erisman, a former Alibaba employee who made a documentary about the firm, "Crocodile in the Yangtze," said: "What Silicon Valley is known for, he embodies a lot of that with Chinese characteristics -- that spirit of openness, risk-taking, innovation."
Mr Ma graduated from the Hangzhou Teachers' Institute with a major in English-language education, and went on to teach at another university in the city, where Alibaba is still headquartered.
Chinese state media have burnished his rags-to-riches story, saying his parents were poorly educated and his father depended on a monthly retirement allowance of just $40 to support the family.
Ma's success was evident after Alibaba's Taobao bested eBay in China, forcing the US auction site to largely withdraw from the country in 2006.
In characteristic language, he threw down a challenge to the world's global Internet giants in a memo sent to the company's more than 20,000 employees as it filed for the IPO. (Read: With Alibaba's Big Debut, 10 Things to Know )
"Fifteen years ago, Alibaba's 18 founders were determined to set up a global Internet company originated by Chinese people, with hopes it would become one of the world's top 10 Internet companies, a company which will exist for 102 years," he said.
On Friday, he told a TV news channel that he hopes Alibaba will one day be "bigger than Wal-Mart" and have a huge impact on the world.
"We have a dream," he said. "We hope people say in 15 years this is a company like Microsoft, like IBM."
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 13:16 (IST)

FB account disabled Why you may have been k...Facebook account disabled? Here's why you may have been kicked off
New York Times Sep 21, 2014, 03.19AM IST
Tags:
Facebook
By Alina Tugend
Michael Letwin, a lawyer living in New York, went to sign into his Facebook account, as he does almost daily, and received a surprising - and unpleasant - message.
"Your account has been disabled," it said. "If you have any questions or concerns, you can visit our FAQ page." Letwin, who besides his personal page also helps administer a Facebook page for the group Jews for Palestinian Right of Return, clicked onto the FAQ page and found a reference to Facebook's community standards, none of which he felt he violated, along with the option to appeal.
He did. And then he waited. And waited.
Letwin's situation is not unusual, or new. The question of what role social media companies should play - a hands-off observer that steps in only in extreme circumstances, or a curator that decides what goes up and what comes down - has long been debated.
Recently, Twitter refused to allow posts with links to videos of the beheading of the American journalist James Foley. Facebook is involved in a battle with drag queens who had their accounts disabled because they used their stage names in their profiles. Using anything but your real name is a violation of the company's rules. The furor led this week to a meeting with Facebook representatives and a news conference called by a San Francisco supervisor.
"We don't realize how ingrained Facebook is in our everyday lives," a drag queen named Heklina told KNTV in San Jose, California. "I was shut out of Facebook for 24 hours and felt like I had a limb chopped off."
But few users, until they are faced with a similar situation, are aware of how little control they actually have over something they view as their own - their pages, their posts, their photos.
"When Facebook makes a termination decision, it's potentially life-altering for some people," said Eric Goldman, a professor of law at Santa Clara University in California and co-director of the High Tech Law Institute there. "They're cut off to access to their communities" and possibly to their clients.
That is not to say that Goldman thinks social media platforms should be completely unregulated. And, he said, Facebook and other social media companies largely do a good job of monitoring so many users and posts.
His and others' main criticism focuses on transparency.
"The average person's soapbox is now digital, and we're now in a world where the large social media companies have a government-like ability to set social norms," said Lee Rowland, a staff lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union. "It's a massive power and it comes with a responsibility."
These questions arise with all social media, but the relationship users have with Facebook is particularly passionate, Goldman said. Even as some say its impact is waning, it still provides 1.3 billion people - compared, say, with Twitter's 271 million active monthly users - with access to news about their friends and to community groups.
"Our goal has always been to strike an appropriate balance between the interests of people who want to express themselves and the interests of others who may not want to see certain kinds of content," Monika Bickert, head of Facebook's global policy management, wrote in an email.
Social media companies have every legal right to take down content or kick someone off, said Danielle Citron, a professor of law at the University of Maryland School of Law. As private entities, they are not bound by the First Amendment. They also have immunity from liability under the federal Communications Decency Act.
Facebook, like other social media companies, has a list of standards that users agree to abide by when they set up their accounts, even if they never read the standards.
Among other things, they prohibit posting of hate speech (which means individuals or groups cannot attack others based on race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, disability or medical condition), encouragements of self-harm, graphic content or threats of violence. And the user's real name must be used.
Anyone can easily file a report against a user. And Facebook has hundreds of people working around the clock and around the world in 30 languages, reading and responding to reports of violations.
Obviously, many of these categories are open to interpretation. Breast-feeding, for example, is something Facebook has grappled with in the past - essentially, how much of the breast can you show before it becomes graphic?
If Facebook decides to remove content, it sends a warning to the user about the action. People can also be locked out temporarily for a few days or a week. Grounds for immediately disabling an account include using a fake name or promoting child exploitation.
  But Heather Dorsey, who lives in Milwaukee, had not done any of those things when she found herself barred from logging onto Facebook three years ago.

Cape Cobras take on Hobart Hurricanes in CLT20Updated: September 20, 2014 14:40 IST
Cape Cobras take on Hobart Hurricanes in CLT20
PTI
The Hindu Cape Cobras players during a practice session. File photo
TOPICS
Twenty20
After losing their star allrounder Jean-Paul Duminy, an injury-hit Cape Cobras take on Hobart Hurricanes in an Oppo Champions League T20 match at the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket stadium, in Hyderabad on Sunday.
Cobras were dealt a severe blow on Fridayday after Duminy was ruled out of the tournament due to an injury, which gives an advantage to their opponents from New Zealand.
The Hurricanes boast of a decent line-up comprising the likes of Ben Dunk, Aiden Blizzard and seasoned Shoaib Malik of Pakistan in the batting department and bowlers like Doug Bollinger and Ben Hilfenhaus.
However, both the teams have lost their respective Group B matches. Kings XI Punjab thrashed Hurricanes by five wickets (with 14 balls remaining) while Northern Knights defeated the Cobras in Raipur on Friday.
In the absence of the seasoned Duminy for the Cobras, the onus falls on Hashim Amla and others to inspire the team.
The threat of rain though looms large over the match as occasional showers or drizzle is being experienced in the Telangana capital.
Squads:
Cape Cobras: Hashim Amla, Justin Kemp, Rory Kleinveldt, Charl Langeveldt, Richard Levi, Aviwe Magijima, Justin Ontong (c), Robin Peterson, Vernon Philander, Dane Piedt, Zakhele Qwabe, Omphile Ramela, Stiaan Van Zyl, Dane Vilas (wk), Sybrand Engelbrecht.
Hobart Hurricanes: Tim Paine (c and wk), Jonathan Wells, Evan Gulbis, Xavier Doherty, Ben Hilfenhaus, Dominic Michael, Sam Rainbird, Travis Birt, Doug Bollinger, Aiden Blizzard, Cameron Boyce, Joe Mennie, Ben Laughlin, Ben Dunk, Shoaib Malik.

Congress holds discussions to decide candidates for 174 seats in Maharashtra assembly pollsPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:30 pm
Congress on Saturday deliberated on selection of candidates for 174 seats in Maharashtra, which it had contested in the last assembly polls, with no seat arrangement still decided with Sharad Pawar’s NCP for the October 15 vote.
State Congress chief Manikrao Thakre said that it was for the high command to decide on the issue of seat sharing with NCP.
In the last Assembly elections, Congress had contested 174 seats while the NCP had fought in 114 seats in the 288 member Maharashtra Assembly.
This time, the NCP is pitching for as many as 144 seats contending that the two parties should share 50-50 share in the wake of in the results in the Lok Sabha polls.
In the Lok Sabha polls, the Congress could secure only two seats while NCP had won four out of total 48 Lok Sabha seats in the state.
Thakre evaded questions on whether Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan will be contesting the polls and, if yes, from which constituency.
Chavan had been saying that he will be contesting from Karad South seat in his home district of Satara.
Currently, he is a member of the state legislative council.
The development came as the process of filing nominations for the October 15 election to the state Assembly began today with authorities issuing the poll notification.
Maharashtra’s over 8.28 crore voters are eligible to exercise their franchise in the single-phase election for its 13th assembly.
September 27 is the deadline for filing nomination. After scrutiny of papers, the last date for withdrawal of nominations is October 1. Counting of votes will take place on October 19. The existing assembly’s term expires on November 8.
September 27 is the deadline for filing nomination.

 Alibaba: Everything You Need to KnowEuropean Parliament May Propose Google Break-Up in Draft Resolution
Beijing: Chinese Internet retail giant Alibaba made its historic Wall Street trading debut Friday, breaking the record for the largest-ever initial public offering by raising $25 billion. (Read: With Alibaba's Big Debut, 10 Things to Know )
The following is a fact-file about the e-commerce titan, founded by Chinese entrepreneur Jack Ma, who was in New York for the stock launch.
Founding: Alibaba Group was founded in 1999 by 18 people led by Ma. (Also Read: Alibaba's Jack Ma Rides 'Forrest Gump' Story to Riches )
Why Alibaba?: Ma chose the name because it is "easily pronounced in practically all languages" and because the "open sesame" catchphrase from 1,001 Nights signifies that the company's platforms "open a doorway to fortune for small businesses", the company's website says.
Size: A total of 20,000 people are employed by Alibaba, which has its headquarters in Hangzhou, Ma's hometown in China's eastern province of Zhejiang. The company has 73 offices in mainland China and 16 overseas. ( Alibaba: China's Giant Online Shopping 'Crocodile' )
Components: Taobao.com, China's most popular online consumer marketplace, and TMall.com, a website for business-to-consumer transactions, are among several online platforms which operate within the Alibaba structure. Raising its profile internationally is US shopping website 11 Main, launched in June. It also has a payment unit, Alipay, which is not included within the IPO vehicle.
Customers: Taobao has more than 800 million product listings and over 500 million registered users. It is estimated to have more than 90 percent of China's online consumer-to-consumer market.
The market: China's online shoppers spent nearly 1.26 trillion yuan ($200 billion) in 2012, up 66.5 percent from the previous year, the semi-official China Internet Network Information Centre said in an April 2013 report. 11 Main potentially opens the door to a wider global audience.
Acquisitions: Alibaba went on a deal-making frenzy ahead of its share offer in the United States. Its purchase of Chinese mobile browser developer UCWeb for an undisclosed sum in June came after it paid $192 million for a 50 percent stake in top Chinese football club Evergrande earlier that month.
In May, it paid $249 million for a stake in Singapore postal service Singapore Post to boost its logistics and delivery operations.
It has also made forays into entertainment, paying $1.22 billion for a stake in top Chinese online video platform Youku Tudou in April and acquiring Hong Kong-listed ChinaVision Media Group in March.
Potential: China has the world's biggest online population and its annual online sales are forecast to reach between $420 billion and $650 billion by 2020. By then it will be the world's largest online retail market, consulting firm McKinsey estimates.
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 15:24 (IST)

Nifty to consolidate around 8000; buy cyclicals: Dalton CapLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty to consolidate around 8000; buy cyclicals: Dalton Cap
UR Bhat, MD, Dalton Capital Advisors feels with lack of positive triggers, it would be difficult for the Nifty to breach 8250 level and would be rangebound between 7,850 and 8,250, given the macro situation and unlikely rate cut.
Post your opinion here
Taking Stock
UR Bhat, MD, Dalton Capital Advisors believes the market currently seems to be consolidating at around 8000 levels. The next move for the market is only likely after the credit policy on September 30 and the half yearly results.
According to him with lack of positive triggers, it would be difficult for the Nifty to breach 8250 level and would be rangebound between 7,850 and 8,250, given the macro situation and unlikely rate cut.
With regards to sectors that could out perform going forward, he thinks cyclicals would continue to be the favourites especially with renewed hopes of an economic revival, policy momentum and so advices buying them on dips.
Stocks like Larsen & Toubro ( L&T ) and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation ( ONGC ) both look interesting on back of economic revival and positive policy outcome.
If one is talking about growth momentum picking up then one should look at sectors like cement, engineering, EPC because these are spaces where one is sure to find value, feels Bhat.
Meanwhile, small investors should look at investing in blue-chip companies for reasonably good returns, says Bhat.
According to him midcaps like Arvind , Ashok Leyland , Voltas ,  Crompton Greaves are likely to consolidate post their re-rating. However, FMCG is unlikely to participate in the next run for the market, feels Bhat.
On the larger scale, Maharashtra assembly election results could have only a one day impact on market and not more believes Bhat.
Also read: Nifty upmove to continue; resistance at 8130-8140: IIFL
Below is the transcript of UR Bhat's interview with Sonia Shenoy & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18
Sonia: It was a very interesting week because we had that blow out performance on Thursday but then over all for the week we ended flat. What's the sense that you are getting about why the market saw that big move and also what the way forward could be?
A: Thursday figures suggested that there was no big buying by either FII's or domestic institutions. It was purely a tactically rebound largely because the market participants, quite a lot of them had gone short on the US Fed decision. With the US Fed decision being what it was they were forced to cover, that must be the real explanation for what happened on Thursday.
Otherwise the market is consolidating reasonably well. Even the correction has not been very steep. At around 8000 level it's consolidating very well. The next move if anything will be probably after the credit policy and after the half yearly results.
Anuj: This week we did see a bit of shift to defensives. IT did well; Tata Consultancy Services ( TCS ) in fact hit a market cap of almost USD 90 billion. Do you get a sense that IT, pharma and FMCG might drive the market from hereon and cyclicals might take a bit of a back seat?
A: Well the sector rotation keeps happening but I am not very sure whether FMCG will participate in a very big way in next run if there is one. But cyclicals are all over the favourites at least given the macro set up that we have. If there is going to be an economic revival, if there is going to be a policy momentum coming out of Delhi, cyclicals are one that should do well. This dip would be a reasonably good buying opportunity because nobody has still lost hope on action from Delhi. So there should be something that's coming there.
Sonia: So would you look into buying names like Larsen & Toubro (L&T) which fell about 2-3 percent this week or would you look at the big gainers of the year which has been the oil and gas names like ONGC etc?
A: Both of them look interesting however, if there is going to be a revival in the economy, stocks like Larsen and Toubro (L&T) should certainly do very well. But the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) types are sort of policy dependent. Therefore we should see what is going to happen on the subsidy regime, what is going to happen about the gas price regime. It's all contingent of that and there is lot of hope that things will happen there. However, that space needs to be very closely watched as far as policy initiatives are concerned.
Anuj: What about some of these midcap names, the likes of Arvind, Ashok Leyland, Voltas and Crompton Greaves which are sort of being re-rated this year from their lower levels. Do you get a sense that they will see some profit booking now because valuations have run up or would the flow of money keep supporting these stocks even at higher levels?
A: The flow of money will keep supporting these, not that they should go dramatically higher from here because there is lot of hope that is resting on these scripts at current prices. So unless there is some sort of a momentum on the policy front in terms of new investment proposals taking shape, maybe they will sort of consolidate at these levels or if there is disappointment and nothing happens for the next six months then there would be a correction. But as of now the hope is still quite robust so they would probably consolidate at these levels.

Indian men register scrappy win against Hong Kong in VolleyballopenerPress Trust of India | Incheon | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:19 pm
Indian spikers were given a tough time by an unfancied Hong Kong before they prevailed 3-1 in the opening group league game of the men’s volleyball event at the 18th Asian Games in Incheon on Saturday.
India won by 23-25 25-18 25-16 25-21 against a spirited Hong Kong side which is atleast 90 places below them.
It wasn’t one of the most convincing performance from the Indian men, as there were too many errors at the net and also the performance of the libero Sivasubramanium Kanagaraj left a lot to be desired.
However it was the tallest man in the court — GR Vaishnav, standing at 6 feet 9 inches, whose timely interceptions and smashes was one of the reasons that ‘Men In
Yellow’ overcame their first hurdle.
Vaishnav scored 13 points while his teammates Prabhakaran and Gurinder Singh contributed with 15 points each. However Prabhakaran did struggle in the first game as he was unable to consistenly place his smashes which led to a number of retrievals by opposition libero Kin Pong Jonathan.
Having conceded the first set at 23, the Indians did well to open an 10 point lead in the second set before winning it at 18.
The third set also went India’s way as they got the momentum going in their favour.
The young Hong Kong spikers did make a vailiant attempt to level proceedings in the fourth set as they lead 16-14 till the final time-out.
However, it was Punjab lad Gurinder, who was in his element as his killer smashes opened up lead at 20 and Indians finished it off at 25-21.
The young Hong Kong spikers did make a vailiant attempt to level proceedings in the fourth set as they led 16-14

Life thrown out of gear in Patna due to rainsPassengers who have to catch trains are a harrowed lot as areas outside the Patna Junction are witnessing waist deep water. Source AP photo
PTI | Patna | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:28 pm
Life has been thrown out of gear in capital Patna due to waterlogging following heavy rains.
Many localities of the state capital including Rajendranagar, Kadam Kuan, Kanderbagh and Patliputra colony remained under water even Friday, city officials said.
With water overtopping tracks in Patna junction, many trains were running late, Chief Public Relations Officer (CPRO) East Central Railway (ECR) Arvind Kumar Rajak told PTI.
According to state Met office, 92.6 mm rains were recorded in Patna from evening to night yesterday.
Barely within a month when water was pumped out in many areas of the capital after strong concerns raised by the Patna High Court, many areas of the capital town have again plunged into crisis.
Passengers who have to catch trains are a harrowed lot as areas outside the Patna Junction are witnessing waist deep water.
Reporters moving around the city saw Kadam Kuan police station under water while Moin-ul-Haque stadium in Rajendra nagar resembled a lake.
Citizens were forced to remain inside their homes in Kadam Kuan, Rajendra Nagar and Kankarbagh.
Urban Development minister Samrat Chaudhary visited the pump house in Saidpur locality to supervise pumping out of water.
Traffic was held up in all prominent roads of the capital.
Some school students were seen standing in knee-deep water waiting for their school bus near stadium in Rajendra nagar locality.

Living it up: Prevent heart attack or myocardial infarctionNow Showing: Masand reviews 'Happy Ending', 'Dumb And Dumber To'
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

India has great potential under Modi s leadership: Dalai Lama4
0
New Delhi: Tibetan spiritual leader The Dalai Lama is hopeful that the new Chinese leadership will work towards better Indo-China relations.
In an exclusive interview to CNN-IBN, The Dalai Lama said, "China's leadership style has changed. The new leadership is talking about harmony. President Xi Jingping should promote harmony in neighboring countries. Neither China nor india have the ability to eliminate each other, the only option is to stay with each other peacefully."
He also remarked that India had great potential to flourish under the leadership of Narendra Modi. "Narendra Modi is more energetic. I have great respect for Manmohan Singh. He was a saint PM but was too old. Modi is relatively young and full of energy. India has great potential under him," he said.
Appreciating the recent visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to New Delhii, The Dalai Lama said, "Jinping visited India despite Modi visiting Japan first. He had a very happy meeting. Trust comes not from statements but personal contacts."
Appreciating the recent visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to New Delhii, The Dalai Lama said, "Jinping visited India despite Modi visiting Japan first. He had a very happy meeting. Trust comes not from statements but personal contacts."
3

PMs statement to please US  shed his communal image: UPMinisterPrint
PTI | Ballia | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:18 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 4:53 pm
Uttar Pradesh Minister Ramgovind Chaudhary on Saturday alleged Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s statement that Indian Muslims will live and die for India, was made “to please” United States and shed his “communal image”. The state minister for primary education urged the Prime Minister to ask Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), VHP, Hindu Jagran Manch and other Hindutva organisations to adopt his views.
“Samajwadi Party president has often said that BJP needs to change its mindset on Muslims. It seems that Modi has taken it seriously and only repeated Mulayam Singh Yadav’s opinion that Muslims are patriots,” he told reporters here. Chaudhary alleged that “the Prime Minister’s statement was made out of compulsion to please the US and to shed his communal image. “Despite everything, he cannot wash off the blot on his image.” State minister for stamps and registration, Ambika Chaudhary while welcoming Modi’s remark said that before issuing the statement he ought to have won over the confidence of Muslims for his party so that they would take them seriously.
“Modi need to ensure that BJP leaders’ behaviour reflect his views on the subject,” she added. The Prime Minister said in a television interview that Indian Muslims will live and die for India and that they will not dance to the tunes of terror outfit Al Qaeda. “My understanding is that they are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country. If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional.
“Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India–they will not want anything bad for India,” he told CNN in a rare media interview.

Metro man visits potential Metro Rail corridors in APUpdated: September 20, 2014 16:29 IST
'Metro man’ visits potential Metro Rail corridors in AP
V. Raghavendra
PTI ‘Metro man’ E. Sreedharan visited the proposed corridors in Vijayawada-Guntur-Tenali-Mangalagiri (VGTM) on Saturday. File photo shows Sreedharan with Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu in Hyderabad.
TOPICS
mass transit
E. Sreedharan, former Managing Director of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, who has just been appointed advisor for the rail-based mass rapid transit system projects in Andhra Pradesh, visited the proposed corridors in Vijayawada-Guntur-Tenali-Mangalagiri (VGTM) on Saturday.
He was accompanied by VGTM-Urban Development Authority (VGTM-UDA) Chairman V. Srinivas Reddy, Vice-Chairperson P. Usha Kumari and other officials.
Earlier, Mr. Sreedharan enquired about the topography of the city, possible locations through which the railway could pass and technical feasibility of the mega project in a meeting with the UDA’s top brass.
Mr. Srinivas Reddy told The Hindu that after making the preliminary enquiries about the potential traffic volumes and watching a presentation given by the UDA officials, Mr. Sreedharan visited Bandar Road, Eluru Road and Gannavaram-Gollapudi which were among the four to five corridors proposed in the initial phase.
Mr. Sreedharan also had a look at the Prakasam barrage and Railway Station area in Vijayawada city before proceeding to Undavalli Caves, Penumaka and Tullur villages and their surrounding areas in the neighbouring Guntur district. He is likely to interact with media this evening.

School police say they will return military-provided grenade launchersBy Niraj Chokshi September 19 Follow @NirajC
In this Aug. 9 photo, a police tactical team moves in to disperse a group of protesters in Ferguson, Mo. (Jeff Roberson/AP)
(Update, 4:45 p.m.: This post was updated with comment from the University of Central Florida. All five grenade launchers transferred to schools and identified by a Post review of partial state data are in the process of being returned or disposed of.)
Officials at two colleges and one school district say their campus police are in the process of returning grenade launchers obtained through a Defense Department program critics describe as contributing to the militarization of local law enforcement.
A Washington Post review this week  of data provided by more than 30 states — some of it obtained by MuckRock.com, a collaborative news site — found at least 120 schools, colleges and universities that have availed themselves of the so-called 1033 Program, which allows local law enforcement to request excess military equipment. The items transferred to law enforcement agencies affiliated with educational institutions include at least five grenade launchers—all of them in the process of being returned—hundreds of rifles and eight mine-resistant, ambush-protected vehicles, machines designed to withstand the kind of roadside attacks seen in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Officials at the schools say they plan to dispose of the grenade launchers. Three were given to L.A. school police, one was given to Hinds campus police and another was transferred to the University of Central Florida police.
A spokeswoman with UCF said on Friday that school police initiated the process of returning the grenade launcher more than a year ago. It was modified to shoot tear gas and obtained around the time of the 1994 World Cup “for security and crowd-control purposes,” the school said in a statement earlier this week. It has been used only once, for a training exercise. The school will hold onto the nearly two dozen M16 rifles it has received.
Hinds College President Clyde Muse said in a Thursday statement that its grenade launcher and two M16 rifles “will be disposed of according to legal means” once the college receives approval from its board of trustees.
“The items were purchased in 1998 by a former campus chief of police, who retired in 2003,” the college said in its statement. “They remained on college inventory, and, to our knowledge have never been used for any purpose on the college campus.” The grenade launcher was intended for smoke or tear gas, but the college could never find canisters that fit, Larry Coleman, the former chief of police at Hinds Community College’s Raymond Campus, said in the statement.
The L.A. school police on Monday also said they plan to return three grenade launchers, but hold onto 61 M16s and an MRAP.
“We at the Los Angeles School Police Department (LASPD) would not utilize this weapon within a school environment,” the district said in a statement. Because the grenade launchers are “not essential life-saving items,” the district says it will return them. The MRAP and M16s, however, were described as “life-saving.”
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.

Hrithik Roshan: Instead of getting into the character I discovered that I was the character in  Bang BangPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 10:10 am
Hrithik Roshan will be seen in an action hero avatar in his upcoming film “ Bang Bang ” and the Bollywood star says while working on the project he realised for the first time that he didn’t have to toil hard to get into the skin of the character as he could relate to it.
The action thriller has been directed by Siddharth Anand and is the official remake of Hollywood film “Knight and Day”, which starred Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz.
“‘Bang Bang’ is the first film in which instead of getting into the character I discovered that I was the character. It was a self-discovery for me,” Hrithik said.
“Bang Bang” also stars Katrina Kaif and will hit theatres on October 2.
The 40-year-old actor said all the characters he has played till now have had a part of him and he has vent his real-life emotions through them.
“All of them are bits of pieces of me. But there are some roles that come our way and at a time when it becomes a platform to vent or channelise a similar emotion that you are going through in real life. I have had such experiences while doing ‘Kaho Naa Pyaar Hain’, ‘Koi Mil Gaya’, ‘Lakshya’ and ‘Guzaarish’,” he added.
The actor was in the capital to attend the CII Big Picture Summit where he along with his filmmaker father Rakesh Roshan and music director uncle, Rajesh Roshan were felicitated for their contribution to Indian cinema.
When asked why he decided to become an actor, Hrithik, who made his Bollywood debut in 2000 with “Kaho Naa Pyaar Hain” directed by his father, said it was his stuttering problem and fear of facing the camera that made him choose acting as a career.
“I think I wanted to do it as I knew that if I did not do this it will be unfair. This was one thing I feared most as I had the stuttering problem and if I tried to say a dialogue I could not. I had no choice… I had to fight that demon in my head that said that it was not possible and I could not do it,” he said.
“I had a father who was successful. I could have had a comfortable life, easier life but it would have been a very sad life,” said the actor, who has won several awards in his 14-year-long career.

Shah Rukh Khan s SLAM! Tour gets a special songthe team has come up with a music track by Ram Sampath and it is picturized in a way that shows the fun journey of all the team members from Mumbai to Houston.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:19 pm
Bollywood’s biggest global musical extravaganza SLAM! The Tour is all set to rule the hearts of thousands of music lovers on its very first concert in Houston, TX in next few hours. To amplify the excitement of the show, the team has come up with a music track by Ram Sampath and it is picturized in a way that shows the fun journey of all the team members from Mumbai to Houston.
Ram Sampath said, “Working on the Slam track was a blast! As per the brief, we went for stadium scale hip-hop in order to capture the grandeur & energy of the SLAM tour. When Earl Edgar laid down a high octane rap which complimented my singing really well, we knew we were home. Enjoy SLAM! The Tour”
The dance tour which kicked off on September 19, 2014 has Deepika Padukone, Malaika Arora Khan, Farah Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood, Vivaan Shah, Kanika Kapoor and Yo Yo Honey Singh performing on their popular songs.

US Senators hope Modi s visit will strengthe...Insurability
("As the world's two largest…)
WASHINGTON: Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's first visit to the US, two influential American Senators have said the US-India relationship remains one of the most important partnerships in the world and there is an opportunity to continue making progress that will benefit both the nations.
"As the world's two largest democracies, the US-India relationship remains one of the most important partnerships in the world. We warmly welcome Prime Minister Modi to the United States and are hopeful we can work together to grow our relationship and identify areas we can strengthen in the years to come," Senator John Cornyn said.
"As the co-founder and co-chair of the Senate India Caucus, I look forward to continuing to help the US-India partnership reach its full potential," Cornyn said in a joint statement issued along with Senator Mark Warner .
Both are co-chairs of the Senate India Caucus, the only country specific caucus in the US Senate .
"We have already seen progress in the relationship in the first 100 days of Prime Minister Modi's administration, and I believe there is an opportunity to continue making progress that will benefit both of our countries," said Senator Warner, who published a 'First 100-Days' plan that outlined 12 recommendations for action, seven of which have already been adopted by both governments.
"From energy, to defense, to counterterrorism, to trade, the United States and India have many overlapping national interests. As our trade relationship continues to grow, increasing export opportunities to India will create more jobs for Americans back here at home," Warner said.
Early this week, the two Senators introduced a resolution that designates September 30, 2014 as US-India Partnership Day. The resolution was unanimously passed by the Senate.
US-India Partnership Day coincides with Modi's visit to the White House , highlighting the bilateral commitment to furthering the relationship between the two countries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ONGC to begin oil production from KG block i...You are here: Home > Collections
ONGC to begin oil production from Krishna Godavari basin block in 2019
PTI Sep 20, 2014, 03.22PM IST
Tags:
Cairn Energy
(The oil discovery in Krishna…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned ONGC's significant oil discovery in Bay of Bengal will begin production in 2019, with a peak output of 4.5 million tonnes a year, 20 per cent more than previous estimates.
The oil discovery in Krishna Godavari basin block KG-DWN-98/2 or KG-D5 will be the first large oil production from the east coast. The block also has 10 gas discoveries.
"We are moving fast on KG-D5 development. First gas from the block is planned for 2018 and first oil in 2019," Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) Chairman and Managing Director Dinesh K Sarraf told reporters here.
While a bulk of its near 25 million tonnes crude oil production comes from western offshore and fields in states like Gujarat and Assam, KG-D5 will produce up to 90,000 barrels per day (4.5 million tonnes per annum) - the largest from any field on the east coast.
"Conservative estimates put the production at 75,000-plus bpd," he said.
Another company official put the peak output at 90,000 bpd.
ONGC will produce 17 million standard cubic meters per day of gas from the block, which sits next to Reliance Industries' producing KG-DWN-98/3 or KG-D6 area.
"We plan to put to production discoveries in northern part of the block together with finds in a neighbouring block," he said, adding the company is currently working on a field development plan which will detail investment required.
KG-D5 is divided into a Northern Discovery Area (NDA) and Southern Discovery Area (SDA).
Investment in NDA may be at least USD 9 billion, a senior company official said, adding the company's internal assessment was that gas can start flowing from the block only in 2021-22 but Sarraf wants the development to be fast-tracked so as to begin production by April 2018.
NDA holds an estimated 92.30 million tonnes of oil reserves and 97.568 billion cubic metres of inplace gas reserves spread over seven fields.
ONGC bought 90 per cent interest in Block KG-DWN-98/2 from Cairn Energy India Ltd in 2005. Cairn subsequently relinquished its remaining 10 per cent interest in favour of ONGC.
Before selling most of its stake and giving away operatorship of the block, Cairn made four discoveries in the area - Padmavati, Kanakdurga, N-1 and R-1 (Annapurna).
Subsequently, ONGC made six significant discoveries - E-1, A1, U1, W1, D-1 and KT-1 in NDA and the first ultra-deepwater discovery UD-1 at a record depth of 2,841 metres.
The NDA comprises discoveries like Padmawati, Kanadurga, D, E, U, A, while the ultra deepsea UD find lies in SDA.
Block KG-DWN-98/2, comprising 7,294.60 square kilometres, was originally awarded to Cairn in the first round of auction under New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) in April 2000. Of this, 2,4623 sq km has been relinquished and ONGC currently holds 3,800.6 sq km in NDA and 3,494 sq km in SDA.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Are India  China in choppy waters over Indian Ocean dominanceIndia, China in choppy waters over Indian Ocean dominance?
AP  New Delhi, September 20, 2014
First Published: 13:40 IST(20/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:14 IST(20/9/2014)
Comments
At first glance, it looks like a diplomatic love-fest. There was Chinese President Xi Jinping, toasting the birthday of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a quiet dinner earlier this week in Modi's home state. There were the two leaders, deep in conversation as they walked along the Sabarmati River, Xi dressed in a Nehru jacket.
The men are full of praise for one another, and one another's countries. Xi gushes over India as "an enchanting and beautiful land." Modi declares that their pledges to work together "will open big gates for progress and development in the world." Just a few hours into the Xi's three-day visit, Indian newspapers were awash with accomplishments: a joint industrial park, a sister-city pact, ramped up cultural ties, business deals and investment promises from China worth well more than $20 billion.
Read: $100bn to $20bn: What missing billions say about Sino-India ties
Left largely unspoken, though, are the deep worries in India over Chinese maneuvering in the Indian Ocean, where New Delhi's years of dominance is being chipped away by billions of dollars in aid from Beijing and gargantuan Chinese construction projects.
And while China's recent push for dominance in the South China and East China seas get more attention, the quiet contest for influence in the Indian Ocean is being watched carefully from Tokyo to Washington, DC More than anything else, the worries are over energy.
The tankers that move through Indian Ocean carry 80% of China's oil, 65% of India's and 60% of Japan's, making those waters crucially important to three of Asia's great powers. A significant slowdown in tanker traffic - whether from diplomatic standoff, piracy or war - could cripple those countries and send shockwaves around the world.
So for years Beijing has been working to ensure it is not left out of the regional equation, building ports and forging alliances in coastal nations from Myanmar to Pakistan.
"China wants to be a major player in the Indian Ocean, alongside India and the US," said Kanwal Sibal, a former Indian foreign secretary who also held a series of ambassadorships.
Xi's latest initiative is the maritime Silk Road, a series of agreements that would link China to Europe by sea. But if China heralds the Silk Road as a vision of international cooperation, many in the Indian government worry it is a Trojan horse to hide Beijing's expanding influence, said Sibal, who is well-connected in New Delhi's foreign policy circles.
Read: India, China closer but still cautious as Xi visit ends
"It is a precursor to eventually positioning themselves more permanently in the Indian Ocean," he said.
Xi, notably, made two stops before arriving in India, both in Indian Ocean nations. First came the Maldives, the isolated archipelago and high-end tourist destination where Beijing's influence has been growing steadily. Next was Sri Lanka, a war-battered island nation where China has become the largest investor, and where it has built a colossal port in the once-quiet town of Hambantota.
"They are building pockets of influence," Sibal said.
Beijing, for its part, firmly denies it is on a quest for Indian Ocean influence. In a signing ceremony for the Silk Road plan in Sri Lanka, Xi called it a chance to "strengthen our cooperation" in everything from port development to maritime security.
Wang Shaopu, director of the Center for Pan-Pacific Studies at Shanghai Jiaotong University, noted that competition was natural given the importance of the region. But, he added, that doesn't make conflict inevitable.
"China and India should make a high priority of cooperation and avoid letting competition become cutthroat," he said. "I think both countries already have realized this."
Publicly, that is definitely the case. The neighbours might have plenty of room for disagreement, from an immense Indian trade deficit to an Indian state that China claims as its own territory. But they have also become highly adept at avoiding the most sensitive issues, playing down disagreements to focus on economic growth.
Read: Defensive India needs to take firmer stand against China
Even in India, where China's emergence as a world power stings national pride deeply, plenty of people say that's not automatically a bad thing.
China "has the opportunity to build massive infrastructure," across the Indian Ocean as part of the Silk Road initiative, said Vijay Sakhuja, a former Indian naval officer and head of the New Delhi-based National Maritime Foundation. "They make world-class ports ... So can we emulate them or partake" of what they build?
India, however, is also being careful not to put too much trust in China, forging diplomatic agreements in an attempt to balance Beijing's growing strength.
Just weeks ago, for instance, Modi returned from a highly successful trip to Japan, China's fiercest rival, bringing home pledges of billions of dollars in aid and investment along with agreements to strengthen security and economic ties. Then, just days ago, the Indian and Vietnamese presidents issued a joint statement calling for freedom of navigation in the South China and East China seas - a clear jab at Beijing's aggressiveness in the region.
And the underlying tensions between India and China never go completely away.
Read: After Modi-Xi meeting, China agrees to settle border dispute soon, demarcate LAC
Indian officials said a few days ago that Chinese soldiers had again entered Indian territory in the isolated Himalayan border region of Ladakh. The soldiers were said to be building a road.
While Modi made a brief mention Thursday of border disagreements during a joint appearance with Xi - saying he had raised the issue of the "repeated incursions" with the Chinese leader - his statement was overwhelmingly positive, concluding by saying their relationship was "filled with vast opportunities."
That didn't surprise Sibal.
"We rarely speak frankly to China," said Sibal, the former diplomat said. "We have preferred to speak about areas where we have common interests."

Army says 200 militants waiting to cross borderArmy says 200 militants waiting to cross border
PTI  Srinagar, September 20, 2014
First Published: 12:05 IST(20/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:50 IST(20/9/2014)
Around 200 heavily armed militants were waiting across the Line of Control to infiltrate into the Indian side even as the security forces foiled several attempts by the ultras to sneak into Kashmir Valley following the recent floods.
 
"There are around 200 heavily armed terrorists across the Line of Control waiting to infiltrate into the Kashmir Valley," Lt Gen Subrata Saha, the general officer commanding of Srinagar-based 15 Corps, told PTI.
 
He said that infiltrators from across the border tried to take advantage of the recent floods in the Kashmir Valley, but the army foiled their attempts.
 
He added that around 200 militants were still active in the entire Valley and the security grid of the army was in place to "neutralise" them.
 
"Even though we too suffered damage in the recent floods as more than 50% of the cantonment area was inundated but we never allowed the security grid to weaken," he said.
 
Saha said that it was because of the 'robust' counter terrorism and counter insurgency grid in place that dreaded foreign militant Umar Bhat was recently killed in the Rajwar forest area of the Kupwara district.
 
Lt Gen Saha said that in the past ten days, several-cross border infiltration attempts were made, but the army foiled them in which five infiltrators were gunned down.
 
"Three infiltrators were killed in the Keran Sector and two were killed in the Machil sector in the last ten days," Lt Gen Saha said.
 
Jammu and Kashmir has been hit by the worst-ever floods which have wreaked havoc in several districts and left 280 people dead.
Terming as "baseless" the allegations by "anti social elements" that priority was given to the VVIP's and outsiders during the rescue operations undertaken by the army after the floods hit Srinagar city , Lt Gen Saha said, "There was no way we could have distinguished an outsider or a local. our priority was to save maximum number of human lives.
 
"We had to first save the people who were caught in the farthest points. We adopted a logical sequence of evacuation and first helped the people who were at a greater risk."  
He said that people involved in stone pelting on soldiers deployed in the relief and rescue operations had come from the unaffected areas to create trouble.
 
"The people who were marooned in the floods wanted to be saved and we saved them. The people who pelted stones on the army personnel deployed in the rescue operations were the ones who had come to create mischief from the area that were the least affected with the floods," he said.
 
Lt Gen Saha said, that the ammunition depots were not affected by the recent floods, but "some relocation had to be made".
 
"Some of our units suffered some damage in the floods, but the arms and ammunitions are safe," he said.
 
To carry out the emergency relief and rescue operations in the civilian areas, a makeshift helipad was made operational inside the cantonment area, as the floodwater had rendered two main helipads inside the cantonment defunct.
 
"Our main helipads were submerged and to carry out the emergency relief and rescue work we had to make a makeshift helipad operational and within hours of the catastrophe the relief and rescue work began from here" he said.
Four militants killed
Four militants were killed in an encounter with security forces near the Line of Control (LoC) in Tangdhar sector of Jammu and Kashmir.
 
"Four militants were killed in an intelligence-based operation in Tangdhar sector of Kupwara district near LoC," a defence spokesperson said.
 
He said four AK-47 rifles and ammunition were recovered from the scene of the gunbattle that began in the wee hours.
 
"The identity and group affiliation of the militants are being ascertained," the spokesperson added.
 

What the world isreadingWritten by Aleesha Matharu | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:24 pm
The Huffington Post
NFL domestic violence
“We have arrived at a teachable moment in America for both adults and children,” writes Dr Phil McGraw, referring to the recent NFL domestic violence controversy in which a video showed Baltimore Ravens’s Ray Rice knocking out his then-fianceé — now his wife — Janay Palmer, and then dragging her unconscious body out of a hotel elevator. He lists the numbers — every minute in the US, 24 people are harmed by an intimate partner. “That’s 1,440 people an hour. More than 12 million every year,” he writes. Dr Phil ends by wishing  that “we’ll soon see the NFL take a leadership position” considering the number of players involved in such incidents.
The Guardian
The party prince
“There are three Prince Harrys,” writes Caroline Davies. The first is the army one “with two tours of Afghanistan under his belt”. There’s the royal Harry — “a spare to heir”. “Then there’s the social Harry: pretty rich, very posh and immensely privileged,” notes Davies, adding that the personas get mixed up at times. Now on his 30th birthday, Harry gained control of the inheritance left by his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales — a sum of more than £10 million. “Money is no problem,” Davies says, “but staying out of the tabloids for his partying and finding a meaningful role is.”
The New Yorker
The plus side
While attending the Full Figured Fashion Week in Manhattan, Lizzie Widdicombe noticed how the atmosphere was celebratory, “rather than cutthroat”. She notes how “historically, plus-size apparel has had a conservative look”. But in the past five years, things have begun to change; a change that has resulted in a “democratisation of fashion”. And once in a while, even a single blog can spark a movement as Gabi Gregg did in 2011 when she went on “a quest” to find a bikini her size. When she found one, she posted a picture and called it a “fatkini”. This sparked a movement which, in turn, forced retailers to make plus-size bikinis.

Indians could not invest in Alibaba IPOIndians could not invest in Alibaba IPO due to lack of overseas investment facilities
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 11.02AM IST
(RBI allows Indian investors…)
MUMBAI: As Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba lists on the US bourses on Friday after raising $21.8 billion through the biggest-ever initial public offering (IPO), various affluent investors in India are rueing a missed opportunity. Many of them have been unable to apply to the muchhyped Alibaba IPO as most domestic brokerage houses are not keen on offering facilities for investing in stock markets overseas as they are unviable.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) allows Indian investors to invest up to $1,25,000 (about Rs 75 lakhs) overseas every financial year under the liberalised remittance scheme.
When the Indian central bank had liberalised overseas investment limits during the previous decade, many brokerages had jumped on the bandwagon and tied up with foreign firms to offer international broking services to their rich clients. But they did not find much interest for the services among Indian investors.
"Barring select IPOs, there is not much interest among investors. It is not possible for us to actively research or advise on overseas stocks. Hence, we do not register new clients for overseas trading," says B Gopkumar, executive vice-president and head of broking, Kotak Securities.
To invest in overseas equities directly or in an initial public offer (IPO), investors need to open a separate trading account with an overseas broker. This can be done if the local broker has a tieup with an overseas broker. Alternatively, a trading account can also be opened directly with international brokers like Interactive Brokers, which have a physical presence in Mumbai. But, only a few are aware of it or they are not comfortable starting another relationship.
Brokers cite tough regulations in overseas markets as the reason for not offering overseas trading accounts. For example, to offer trading on the US stock exchanges, a broker will have to comply with the US SEC norms. If there is any dispute, the court of jurisdiction will be in the US. "The regulatory environment is fluid and the risks associated are too high," said Jyotheesh Kumar, vice-president, HDFC Securities.
From an investor's viewpoint, opening a trading account and maintaining it could be tough. Besides higher documentation, many brokerage houses insist on maintaining margins of more than $10,000 (about Rs 6 lakh) in the broking account.
Unlike Indian brokerages, which charge a percentage of the trade value, many US brokers charge a minimum fee of at least 5-6 % per trade, making transactions in low-value trades costlier. Also, there are fees to be paid to the bank for remitting funds overseas.
"If a client does not trade or is inactive for a year, many international brokerages may even terminate the account," said Jyotheesh Kumar. This upsets the client, who may not understand the need for strict compliance and may hold the domestic brokerage house responsible, thereby disturbing the local relationship.
There are also restrictions on the domestic broker on communication with clients. As per regulations, a domestic broker cannot call the client, send emails or SMSes or solicit business. Going against any of these rules could mean a violation. Brokerage officials said there is not much in terms of revenue that the local firm stands to earn in the arrangement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Trending videos of theweekWritten by Aleesha Matharu | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:34 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 5:17 pm
The Mockingjay lives
The third part of The Hunger Games series, Mockingjay Part 1, is releasing next month, and the arrival of the first trailer has sparked a wave of interest across the web. Jennifer Lawrence returns as Katniss Everdeen in this third installment, where the rebellion is on in full swing. The trailer opens with our heroine speaking to President Snow, played by Donald Sutherland, and pronouncing the motto fans love her for: “I just wanted to save my sister and keep Peeta alive”. The film will also feature Julianne Moore as Alma Coin, president of District 13; Elizabeth Banks as Effie Trinket and the late Philip Seymour Hoffman as Plutarch Heavansbee. The trailer has been watched over 10 million times since September 15.
Wheelchair issues
Rapper Kanye West sparked a controversy this week by demanding that disabled fans should stand up during his shows. He told a Sydney crowd “I can’t do this show until everybody stands up. Unless you got a handicap pass and you get special parking and s**t”. He then singled out two wheelchair users for failing to comply. Footage of the incident spread across the web last week, leading to widespread demands that he apologise. Peter Galbriath, who uploaded the clip of the incident to YouTube, says in the video description: ”Kanye asks everyone to stand up, someone doesn’t. Kanye asks them to stand up, they’re in a wheelchair. Misunderstanding.” Since it was posted, it’s been watched over 6 million times.
Diving into a volcano
With a roiling ocean of magma, fiery molten rock gurgling just some feet away and acid rain splashing his protective suit, George Kournounis stands at the edge of a red-hot lava lake. Kourounis is an explorer and documentarian, and last month, he and Sam Cossman, an explorer and filmmaker, dived deep into the 2,000 year old Marum crater, located in an active volcano in the archipelago of Vanuatu in the South Pacific. The pair filmed themselves using a GoPro, Sony NX Cam and a Canon 5D Mark III camera. At one point they got so close, Kourno-unis said in an interview, that flying specks of lava melted part of their protective gear. The journey has amassed nearly 4 million views since the beginning of the month.

Pak politicians ejected out of plane for delayprint
Angry passengers on board an Islamabad-bound Pakistan International Airways (PIA) flight from Karachi forced two prominent Pakistani politicians off the plane accusing them of holding it for more than two hours. 
PIA's flight PK-370 was scheduled to depart from Karachi's Jinnah International Airport at 7pm on Monday but according to passengers on board it started two hours late.
Pakistan People’s Party (PPP) leader and former interior minister Rehman Malik and Pakistan Muslim League - Nawaz (PML-N) member of National Assembly Dr Ramesh Kumar Wakwani allegedly arrived two hours after the scheduled boarding time and were not allowed to travel by the angry passengers who shooed them off the plane.
Video: Rehman Malik thrown off PIA flight by passengers
Anger caught on camera
The entire episode was uploaded on a French video sharing website called Daily Motion by one of the passengers on board the flight. It then found its way on YouTube.
Around six to eight passengers can be seen assembled near the gateway, which connects the terminal to the aircraft. They can be heard raising slogans.
They then demand that the crew close the door and start the flight. But the crew refuses to do so leading to more commotion and more passengers start crowding the gateway.
Irritated by the VIP culture one of the passengers can be heard saying, "We have taken it for too long... 68 years... Are we going to take it for another 68 years?"
“My foot VIP. Don't you worry. I will grill him when he comes in,” says another passenger.
When Malik enters the gateway, one of the passengers tells Malik to go back.
"Malik sahab, sorry. You should go back. You should apologise to these passengers. You should be ashamed of yourself... 250 passengers have suffered because of you. It is your fault, sir."
Malik then walks away without confronting the passengers.
But Wakwani refused to budge and proceeded to the seat, only to be sent off after a series of altercations.
The crowd can be heard clapping and appreciating those who protested after Wakwani leaves the plane. 
Technical issue or Malik's fault?
Initially, the flight crew offered 'technical issue' as the reason for the delay.
PIA spokesperson Mashood Tajwar, speaking to Pakistani daily Dawn, also said that the delay was due to a technical issue and it was not Malik’s fault.
“PIA does not promote VIP culture... But this flight was delayed an hour and 30 minutes due to a technical reason,” said Tajwar.
“The delay had been conveyed to passengers via SMS. Some passengers who had given the contact details of their travel agent may not have been conveyed the message by their agents,” he added.
Malik also tweeted later that he had nothing to do with the delay.
I hv right to defend myself agst the allegation.PK370 /1900hr was delayed b/c tech reasons/was expected to leave at 2030. So no delay for me— Rehman Malik (@SenRehmanMalik) September 16, 2014
After the incident, Malik argued that once he saw that he was not welcome on the flight, he decided to not travel on that aircraft.
He also asked people not to link him with Wakwani, who unlike Malik proceeded to his seat despite the protests.
Why am I being linked with PMLN minister.i saw the noise with the minister and decided not to go on the flight as One PTI worker was yelling— Rehman Malik (@SenRehmanMalik) September 16, 2014
Interestingly, after deciding not to travel on PK-370, Malik boarded PK-300, another Islamabad-bound flight, which too started 50 minutes late.
am now leaving by pk 300 and now in the plane.50 minutes delay has been announced who shd be blamed for this delay.PIA or me?Obviously PIA— Rehman Malik (@SenRehmanMalik) September 16, 2014

Markets rally as Scotland votes to stayMarkets rally as Scotland votes to stay
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN September 19, 2014: 6:28 AM ET
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Investors breathed a deep sigh of relief Friday as Scotland voted to stay in the United Kingdom, averting months of turmoil that would have hurt the economy.
Results from the historic referendum showed 55% voted against independence in Thursday's ballot, a clearer margin than expected.
Stock markets rose, with shares in Scottish companies doing particularly well. The FTSE 100 index gained 0.7% in morning trading.
"The risk of huge disruption from Scottish independence is gone. Not for good ... but for a considerable time," noted Robert Wood, chief U.K. economist at Berenberg bank. "For now markets can return to normal.
The pound got an early bounce before slipping back against the U.S. dollar. It was steady against the euro.
The U.K. currency had already rallied this week, recovering much of the ground lost in early September when surveys suggested Scotland was on the brink of ending its 307-year union with England.
Central bank action will again take center stage for currency dealers.
"Markets can refocus on monetary policy divergence, and as the Federal Reserve marches towards the exit from QE ... the dollar will rally," said Kit Juckes, strategist at Societe Generale.
Related: GlaxoSmithKline faces massive fine for bribery
Companies and banks that warned they may migrate south of the border if Scotland broke away were quick to reassure investors and customers that it was business as usual.
"The announcement we made about moving our registered head office to England was part of a contingency plan to ensure certainty and stability for our customers, staff and shareholders should there be a 'Yes' vote," Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) said in a statement. "That contingency plan is no longer required."
Shares in RBS gained 3%.
A vote in favor of independence would have ushered in months, if not years, of difficult divorce proceedings over the currency , North Sea oil , U.K. national debt and Scotland's place in the European Union.
Investors feared that the considerable uncertainty would dent business and consumer confidence, hurt growth, slow job creation and hit tax revenues.
The Scotch Whisky Association had said it was concerned about how potential changes in Scottish tax and trade rules could hurt exports to international markets.
Still, market relief will be tempered by the fact that the U.K. government made big concessions in the last days of the campaign, promising to hand over much more power to the Scottish parliament in Edinburgh.
That in turn has sparked a political backlash in England , the consequences of which are unclear. And with a U.K. election just eight months way -- a vote that could lead to a referendum on EU membership in 2017 -- political risk will remain high for some time to come.
Scotland's decision may ease concerns about disintegration elsewhere in Europe , particularly in Spain where separatists in Catalonia are pushing for their own independence vote in November.
Spain's stock market gained 1% Friday, outperforming other European markets.
First Published: September 19, 2014: 3:33 AM ET
Most Popular

BSE to take action on Sebi s order in NMDC caseBSE to take 'appropriate action' on Sebi's order in NMDC case
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 20, 2014  | 11:03 IST
Photo: Reuters
The leading stock exchange of the country BSE on Thursday said it will take appropriate action in the matter of market regulator Sebi censuring the bourse for allegedly flouting norms during the offer for sale (OFS) of state-owned NMDC.
Currently, our team is studying the order and we will take appropriate action, BSE Managing Director and CEO Ashish Kumar Chauhan said at the sidelines of an Assocham event here.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), last week, pulled up the BSE for failing to comply with prevailing norms for an OFS issue by NMDC in 2012. The regulator also asked the exchange to appoint an independent consultant to review the sequence of events at the time of the OFS and suggest 'remedial' action.
The issue relates to BSE's decision to accept bids for 4.55 crore shares after the deadline. On 12 December 2012, the promoters of NMDC had offered to sell 39.65 crore shares through the OFS mechanism of BSE and the National Stock Exchange of India.
After the closure of the share sale that day at 3.30 pm, Sebi had sought bid data from the two exchanges, to which BSE first stated that the final cumulative bids received at its platform were for 29.91 crore shares.
In another intimation to Sebi later that evening, BSE revised the figures upward by 4.55 crore shares to state that the final cumulative bids received by it were for 34.47 crore shares. Subsequently, Sebi sought clarification from BSE about the huge difference between the two figures.
The market watchdog alleged that even though bids were placed by the custodian Citibank NA within the cutoff time, the transfer of funds to the clearing corporation had taken place only at 5.09 pm on December 12, 2012, and the bids were confirmed between 6.22 pm and 6.31 pm. According to norms, the placing of orders and funds on the exchange system in an OFS should take place during the trading hours only.
(*The headline of this story earlier gave the impression that BSE will take action against Sebi. It has been corrected. Error is regretted.)
 

Gloves off: Dhoni snubs hotel for not allowing biryani from Rayudus residenceprint
On the eve of Chennai Super Kings’ CL T20 match against KKR on Wednesday, organisers were busy shifting MS Dhoni’s team from one hotel to another. Rumour has it that it happened on an irate India captain’s insistence.
Originally staying at the ITC Kakatiya, CSK moved to another five-star facility after Dhoni was angered by the hotel staff’s refusal to allow outside food, rumoured to be home-cooked Hyderabadi biryani from India teammate Ambati Rayudu’s residence. Rayudu had arranged for his household to send the team biryani. According to reports, the hotel, which has strict policies about the consumption of outside food, had allowed it to be consumed in the rooms, but refused permission in the end after Dhoni wanted to hold the biryani party in the board room. None of this could be confirmed as officials remained tight-lipped.
“Yes CSK were originally booked at ITC Kakatiya but they chose to move to Taj Krishna on Tuesday, that’s all that I am aware of since this is something that we are not directly handling,” Hyderabad Cricket Association president Arshad Ayub said. L Rajender, the local liaison officer also confirmed the sudden move but said he was only in charge of the ground relations. The hotel booking and shifting was done by CLT20 event managers. A source said that the sudden shift to another hotel had involved security headaches but failed to confirm the biryani story.
Even BCCI officials including N Srinivasan changed their booking from Kakatiya to Krishna but sources said he did not arrive in the city.
Russell Radhakrishnan, CSK spokesperson, told HT that there were no problems as such and it was a personal decision to change hotels. “We needed more accommodation which Krishna could provide, it was a personal decision and we do not need to comment on the reasons behind the move,” he said.
KKR though had continued to stay at the Kakatiya. “The hotel is fine and we have no issues with it,” team official Joy Bhattacharya told HT.
Spokesperson of Krishna confirmed the sudden arrival of the esteemed guests while the Kakatiya counterpart, visibly stressed, refused to comment.

Hotel Leela Venture seeks more time to repay LIC debtHotel Leela Venture seeks more time to repay LIC debt
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 20, 2014  | 11:17 IST
Hotel Leela Venture on Friday said it has not been able to pay Rs 22.50 crore as the first instalment for servicing a debt to state-owned life insurer LIC and is seeking more time for repayment.
"The company was required to pay Rs 22.50 crore towards first instalment on March 31, 2014, which the company has not been able to pay. Further, the company has also not paid the quarterly interest, which fell due on June 19, 2014 and September 19, 2014," Hotel Leela Venture said in a filing to BSE.
When asked about the matter, Hotel Leela Venture Chairman and Managing Director Vivek Nair said the payment was to be made to Life Insurance Corporation .
The company CFO Krishna Deshika said the company had raised Rs 90 crore by issuing debentures to LIC.
The repayment was to be made in four annual instalments from March 2014-2017 and the company is seeking more time for the payment, he said.
Hotel Leela Venture had reported a widening of its standalone net loss to Rs 174.62 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2014. The company had posted a net loss of Rs 148.55 crore for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal.
Leela owns and operates eight properties in urban cities and holiday destinations such as Mumbai, Goa, Bangalore, Kovalam, Udaipur, Gurgaon, New Delhi and Chennai.
Other Leela properties under development include Jaipur, Bangalore, Agra and Lake Ashtamudi in Kerala.
The total debt of the company as on June 30, 2014 was about Rs 5,000 crore out of which Rs 4,000 crore was from the Corporate Debt Restructuring lenders.

LIVE - Asian Games 2014: Jitu Rai shoots India to first goldIndia bag 1 gold, 1 bronze on 1st day of Asian Games
Agencies
Incheon, South Korea, September 20, 2014
First Published: 10:36 IST(20/9/2014)
print
New shooting sensation Jitu Rai provided the first gold medal, while Shweta Chaudhry clinched a bronze as India launched their campaign in the 17th Asian Games with two medals on the opening day of the competitions in Incheon, South Korea on Saturday.
While Jitu struck gold in the 50m pistol event, Shweta's bronze came in the 10m air pistol competition at the Ongnyeon Shooting Range in Incheon but medal aspirants Heena Sidhu and Malaika Goel turned out to be disappointments as they failed to even reach the finals.
It was a reasonably good start for the Indian contingent, bagging a gold on the very first day of the Games, considered to be the second biggest after the Olympics.
Jitu Rai (L) celebrates with a team official after winning the men's 50m pistol individual final of the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea. (AFP Photo)
While the shooters stole the limelight, athletes in other sports also began their campaign on a bitter-sweet note.
Star shuttlers Saina Nehwal and PV Sindhu hammered their respective rivals in straight games as India clinched a 3-0 triumph over Macau China to enter the women's team event quarter-finals.
However, the men's team was outplayed by South Korea 0-3. K Srikanth and Commonwealth Games gold-medallist Parupalli Kashyap went down in contrasting fashions while the doubles team of Sumeeth Reddy and Manu Attri also failed to come good.
The Indian women's tennis team was also off to a winning start as it blanked Oman 3-0 in the first round.
Prarthana Gulabrao Thombare and Ankita Raina notched up contrasting singles victories before the pairing of Natasha Marie Anne Palha and Rishika Sunkara was handed a walkover in the doubles match.
But the star of the early proceedings was undoubtedly armyman Jitu. The 27-year-old showed steely grit to get the better of a strong field, which included two-time Olympic champion Jin Jongoh of South Korea, to snatch the gold off the final shot in a straight duel with Vietnamese rival Nguyen Hoang Phuong.
Read: Jitu Rai does Army Marksmanship Unit proud
The Vietnamese, in fact, was leading the Indian ace, who had recently won the gold at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games and a silver at the Granada World Championships going into this competition. But the Indian clinched the issue on the last shot.
Jitu shot 8.4 after his rival had fumbled with a poor 5.8 to win the gold with an overall tally of 186.2, as compared to Nguyen's 183.4.
This was Jitu's sixth medal on the trot in international competitions this year.
The bronze was clinched by China's Wang Zhiwei (165.6).
Jitu thus became only the second Indian pistol shooter to clinch an Asian Games title after Jaspal Rana and the fourth shooter overall after shotgun experts Randhir Singh in 1978 and Ronjan Sodhi in 2010.
However, the Indian men's team finished fourth with Jitu's teammates Om Prakash (555) and Onkar Singh (551) ending up 10th and 16th respectively.
Earlier, Shweta, competing with a gun she was not used to as her own gun had been held back by the Korean Customs, secured the bronze medal in the 10m range in air pistol with a total tally of 176.4 behind champion Zhang Mengyuan of China (202.2) and runner-up Jung Jeehae of South Korea (201.3).
Shweta's teammates Heena Sidhu (378) and Malaika Goel (373) ended up 13th and 24th respectively while the trio as a team got the fifth spot from among 14 teams.
Shweta defied odds, a travel-weary schedule and absence of her regular weapon to provide India with their first medal.
The 28-year-old had to eliminate a rival through a shoot-off to ensure the bronze in the women's 10m air pistol event.
Having qualified for the eight-strong final list with a total score of 383 even as her more fancied teammate Heena Sidhu got eliminated, Shweta showed exemplary poise to fight her way back.
She managed to stave off early elimination by being the third best after the first eight shots, recovering from sixth position. She had a poor 8.4 when the last four shooters were standing which forced a play-off with China's Guo Wenjun to decide who remains in the competition.
Shweta was leading Guo 138.3 to 137.9 when she became nervous and a poor mark of 8.4 followed to force the shoot-off in which she shot 10.7 while her Chinese rival came up with only 10.0 to be eliminated.
In the badminton event, Saina opened the proceedings for the team and hardly broke a sweat before thrashing Kit Ieng Wong 21-6 21-4 in just 21 minutes.

Iran has role in tackling IS militants: KerryIran has ‘role’ in tackling IS militants: Kerry
PTI
Tweet
United Nations, Sept 20:  
America’s arch-foe Iran has a role to play in tackling Islamic State militants who have overrun large swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria, US Secretary of State John Kerry said.
Iran’s supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei claimed this week that he had rejected a request from the United States for cooperation on the battlefield.
US officials have not confirmed or denied making an offer in private, but they do not regard Tehran as part of the coalition they are building to fight the IS militant scourge.
But Kerry said that in combating the jihadist threat “there is a role for nearly every country to play, including Iran.”
Just last week, the top US diplomat had said it would be inappropriate to invite Iran to meetings seeking to building an international coalition because of Tehran’s “engagement in Syria and elsewhere’’.
Tehran is supporting both Iraq and Syria in its battle against IS jihadists.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Lower demand  prices: Refractory industry posts lower growth rate last fiscalArvind Jain, Chairman of Indian Refractory Makers Association.
Kolkata, Sept 20:  
The Indian Refractory Makers Association has estimated that the domestic refractory industry’s turnover value grew 5.6 per cent in 2013-14 to Rs 5,696 crore.
Arvind Jain, Chairman of IRMA, said at the association's AGM here on Saturday that this marked a decline in yearly sales growth rate. In 2012-13, the industry’s overall turnover had gone up by 10.56 per cent. Jain said substantial fall in demand and prices was behind the lower growth rate.
During the last financial year, import of refractory items at Rs 2,445 crore also declined marginally from Rs 2,465 crore recorded in the previous year. The industry’s exports, however, improved to Rs 1,271 crore from Rs 1,187 crore. These were pointers to downbeat situation in the refractory user industry of steel-making, he said.
Refractories are key in insulation items in a steel plant’s blast furnace. The industry also faced difficult payment terms by many steel makers, Jain added.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Bilawal vows to take Kashmir  says it  belongs to PakistanBilawal Zardari, son of slain former Pakistan Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, has said his party would take back Kashmir from India, a swaggering assertion before his cheering political supporters that New Delhi dismissed on Saturday as “far from reality”.
 
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People's Party (PPP) which officially wants good ties with India. His party has been trying to recoup since its crushing defeat in elections last year.
 
He made the comments before party workers in Multan on Friday, flanked by former Prime Ministers Yousaf Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Asharaf.
 
"I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan," Bilawal, 25, said.
 
His mother was twice elected as prime minister while his maternal grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, who founded the PPP in 1967, also served as prime minister in 1970s.
 
Bilawal's father Asif Ali Zardari was Pakistan's president from 2008 to 2013.
 
Control of Kashmir, which has led to two of the three wars India and Pakistan fought since 1947, is principally split between the two countries, with a sparsely inhabited stretch of the Himalayan plateau called Aksai Chin also held by China.
 
Reacting to the PPP leader’s statement, India termed it "far from reality" and asserted the integrity and unity of the country was "non-negotiable".
 
"We are in the process of looking forward and looking forward does not mean that our borders will be changed,” foreign office spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, adding the comment took the two countries back to the past century.
 
“We made it very clear that as far as we are concerned, the integrity and unity of India is non-negotiable.”
 
In 2013, PPP leaders blamed threats the party received from the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) to be partly responsible for their election performance as the party could not hold election rallies for fear of terrorist attacks.
 
According to senior PPP leader, Sherry Rehman, the PPP is also considered one of the most vocal critics of the Taliban and has suffered as a result of its outspoken attitude. In the past, the TTP has attacked political rallies of the party.
 
Observers say that the PPP is now readying itself for elections and possibly it will take a less pro-India line as compared to its political opponents, the PML-N party headed by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
 
"The statement made by Bilawal  Bhutto can be seen as pure rhetoric in some ways to put Sharif on the defensive," commented analyst Talat Masood. Masood says that the PPP has the best record when it comes to relations with India.
 
"There is a genuine desire to seek better ties.”
 
Others say that this may signal a policy shift. "But it is too early to make that comment," said Ayaz Chaudhry, who writes on political affairs.
 
Bilawal's comment on Kashmir 'far from reality': India
Meanwhile, India termed as "far from reality" comment of Zardari that his party will get back entire Kashmir from it and asserted the integrity and unity of the country was "non negotiable".
 "We are in the process of looking forward and looking forward does not mean that our borders will be changed.
We made it very clear that as far as we are concerned, the integrity and unity of India is non negotiable," spokesperson in the external affairs ministry Syed Akbaruddin said.
 He said the comment was "far from reality which takes us back into the past century".
 

Al-Qaeda trying to enter Assam  says Chief Minister TarunGogoiPrint
Press Trust of India | Guwahati | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:47 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 4:48 pm
Days after al-Qaeda issued a video threatening to carry out its campaign in India, Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi on Saturday said the terror group is trying to set up base in the state and had “tacit understanding” with ULFA.
“We have got some information that al-Qaeda is trying to gain access to Assam. We have taken steps to prevent any such development and asked all concerned to remain cautious,” Gogoi told a press conference here.
The global terrorist outfit had earlier too tried to set up links in the north east and Assam in association with insurgent groups here but failed to do so, he said.
Asked specifically if al-Qaeda has any link with the banned ULFA, Gogoi said, “I think they have links. Even if there is no direct link as of now, they have tacit understanding … They never criticise each other.”
The Chief Minister said security forces have received intelligence report that there are possibilities of some incidents during the forthcoming Durga Puja.
Asked if repeated violence in Bodoland Territorial Area Districts and other parts of the state, where primarily one community has been affected in recent years, are to be blamed for Islamic fundamentalist groups like al-Qaeda’s possible entry to Assam, Gogoi said “These are in any case disturbing factors. These incidents help them.”
Earlier this week, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had said Indian Muslims will live and die for the country and would not dance to the tune of al-Qaeda.
On September 4, the Centre had sounded a country-wide alert after an al-Qaeda video surfaced in which the terror outfit threatened to carry out campaign in India and the initial assessment of Intelligence Bureau found the tape to be genuine.
The US media and intelligence agencies had said al-Qaeda has established a new branch to wage ‘jihad’ in India, return the Islamic rule and impose sharia in the Indian sub-continent.
We have got some information that al-Qaeda is trying to gain access to Assam. We have taken steps to prevent any such development and asked all concerned to remain cautious, Gogoi said.

Ashton Kutcher is a nervous wreck ahead of babysbirthPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 20, 2014 4:41 pm
Actor Ashton Kutcher is extremely anxious ahead of the birth of his first child with actress fiancee Mila Kunis.
The 36-year-old actor and Kunis, 31, were hoping the ‘Black Swan’ actress would go into labour while he was on a break from filming ‘Two and a Half Men’.
“They were hoping the baby would come this week because he’s on hiatus. He (Kutcher) is a nervous wreck,” a source said.
Ashton alluded to his pre-baby jitters on Twitter on Thursday, writing, “Nervous is excited’s victim sister.”
The couple, who got engaged earlier this year and started dating in 2012, are planning to get married after their baby’s birth.

Air India s sari state of affairs hits SitharamanAir India's sari state of affairs hits Nirmala Sitharaman
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 20, 2014  | 18:00 IST
Commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman had to miss the G-20 official reception after she lost her luggage containing her formal clothes en route to Cairns, Australia, on board an Air India (AI) flight .
The Air India ground handling staff had offloaded her luggage at Melbourne airport, an intermediate stop of the Delhi-Melbourne-Sydney flight, which she had boarded.
Sitharaman tweeted at 3.26 am, "Landed in Sydney to take a connecting flight to Cairns. My checked-in luggage not traceable." In another tweet an hour later she said, "On board my connecting flight to Cairns. All my formal wear in the lost suitcase! Not sure I can buy saris in Cairns! Situation precarious!"
The luggage was restored to Sitharaman 10 hours later after she took to Twitter to report the loss. "At last, my lost luggage arrives. Thanks every one for your wishes. Thanks Air India. Oh yes, relief first to get the phone and iPad chargers!" she tweeted.
Sitharaman's personal secretary called up the office of civil aviation minister P. Ashok Gajapathi Raju as he failed to get help from the AI staff in Sydney. The incident occurred despite AI deputing a sizeable number of employees at Sydney airport. A spokesperson for the national carrier told MAIL TODAY, "The luggage has been restored to the minister. Sitharaman had taken the flight that had a stopover at Melbourne before she disembarked at Sydney. From Sydney, she took a connecting flight to Cairns."
Sitharaman, who is also the minister of state for finance, is in Cairns to attend the two-day meeting of the G-20 finance ministers and Central bank governors. She could not attend the evening reception, organised in honour of the guests. She is attending the meet as Union finance minister Arun Jaitley had undergone treatment for diabetes.

Walmart to extend online wholesale platform reach from 1 OctoberSep 20, 2014 at  05:14pm IST
Walmart to extend online wholesale platform reach from October 1
0
0
New Delhi: Walmart India on Saturday said it will extend online wholesale platform to its members in Guntur and Vijayawada in Andhra Pradesh from October 1.
The US-retail giant at present operates B2B e-commerce platform in two cities--Hyderabad and Lucknow-- in the country.
"Starting October 1, members of Best Price wholesale stores in Guntur and Vijayawada can shop and book orders online," the company said in a statement.
The US-retail giant at present operates B2B e-commerce platform in two cities--Hyderabad and Lucknow-- in the country.
#walmart #wholesale online #hyderabad
The e-commerce platform will provide the same range of products as its wholesale stores, including a select variety of fresh fruits and vegetables, it added.
"Given the tremendous support from our members for this initiative, we will continue to extend this (e-commerce portal) in a phased manner to our other stores as well," Walmart India President and Chief Executive Officer Krish Iyer said.
The platform, www.bestprice wholesale.co.in, is for registered members of Best Price Modern Wholesale stores.
At present, Walmart is engaged in cash-and-carry business in India. It called off a six-year partnership with Bharti Enterprises in October last year.
The US retail giant operates 20 wholesale stores under the brand 'Best Price' in India.
0

Jadavpur University molestation: Students hold massive rally in Kolkata over police action11
0
Kolkata: A massive rally by students and teachers of Jadavpur University hit the streets of the rain drenched Kolkata on Saturday afternoon. Protests have been raging against police action on agitating students inside the campus which left over 30 injured on Wednesday morning.
The rally, which started from Nandan complex which is the city's cultural hub, was headed for the Raj Bhavan when it was intercepted midway on Mayo Road. A delegation from the protestors is scheduled to meet Bengal Governor KN Tripathi. Tripathi has met VC Abhijit Chakraborty, state education minister Partha Chatterjee and has gathered reports from the Kolkata Police Commissioner and state Home Secretary on the police action that was taken on the day.
Having held the university's Vice Chancellor responsible for ushering police inside the campus, the students have been demanding his resignation. The university authorities, however, maintain that they made no mistake in hollering the police inside the campus and the VC has ruled out any chances of his resignation.
Having held the university's Vice Chancellor responsible for ushering police inside the campus, the students have been demanding his resignation.
#jadavpur university #molestation #abhijit chakraborty #west bengal
While Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has indirectly referred to the incident as a 'minor' issue, the state government has thrown its weight behind the VC.
The father of the alleged molestation victim, for whom the students were demonstrating before the police action took place, has also held the VC responsible for the fiasco and had appealed for Mamata Banerjee's intervention in the matter.
136

Al-Qaeda trying to enter Assam  planning attacks during Durga Puja: Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi10
5
Guwahati: A day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi played down threats of the al-Qaeda in India, Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi has said that he has information the terror group is trying to make inroads in the state.
Gogoi's statement comes just days after the al-Qaeda issued a video threatening to carry out its campaign in India. Gogoi also said the terror group is trying to set up base in the state and had "tacit understanding" with the ULFA.
"We have got some information that al-Qaeda is trying to gain access to Assam. We have taken steps to prevent any such development and asked all concerned to remain cautious," Gogoi told a press conference here.
#assam #tarun gogoi #al qaeda #ulfa
The global terrorist outfit had earlier too tried to set up links in the north east and Assam in association with insurgent groups here but failed to do so, he said.
Asked specifically if al-Qaeda has any link with the banned ULFA, Gogoi said, "I think they have links. Even if there is no direct link as of now, they have tacit understanding ... They never criticise each other."
The Chief Minister said security forces have received intelligence report that there are possibilities of some incidents during the forthcoming Durga Puja.
Asked if repeated violence in Bodoland Territorial Area Districts and other parts of the state, where primarily one community has been affected in recent years, are to be blamed for Islamic fundamentalist groups like al-Qaeda's possible entry to Assam, Gogoi said "These are in any case disturbing factors. These incidents help them."
Earlier this week, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had said Indian Muslims will live and die for the country and would not dance to the tune of al-Qaeda.
On September 4, the Centre had sounded a country-wide alert after an al-Qaeda video surfaced in which the terror outfit threatened to carry out campaign in India and the initial assessment of Intelligence Bureau found the tape to be genuine.
The US media and intelligence agencies had said al-Qaeda has established a new branch to wage 'jihad' in India, return the Islamic rule and impose sharia in the Indian sub-continent.
With additional information from PTI
18

On Bidens political seismograph  gaffes like this weeks barely even register anymoreVice President Biden had a bad week . By objective standards, that is.
Of course Biden, being Biden, probably isn't overly concerned about offering up four weird comments of varying levels of cringey-ness over the course of three days. But for any other politician, we would be considerably more surprised by why just happened. Shocked, even.
What you can't forget about Joe Biden, though, is that he was forged in the fires of misstatements and gaffes. He was a national politician prior to being VP -- or national-ish, maybe. Everyone in D.C. knew him, people who followed politics knew him, people knew his name. But most Americans really only met him in 2007. And the introduction was rough, when Biden told a reporter that Barack Obama's campaign was from "a storybook," since this was the first "clean" and "articulate" black candidate for president.
That was how most people met Joe Biden, and they probably didn't expect to hear much more from him. Those people were soon to be surprised.
We tracked mentions of "Biden" and "gaffe" in the news since January of 2007, putting together a timeline of the vice president's best and worst months. (One nice thing about journalistic reliance on cliche terms like "gaffe" is that it makes things like this so much easier.) So far in September, mentions of his gaffes are barely above the level of background noise compared to some of the months he's seen. We labeled them and explain them below.
A. January 2007. Biden calls Obama "articulate."
B. August 2008. Biden is picked to be Obama's running mate. Around each presidential election, mentions of Biden's gaffes spiked, as people helpfully pointed out that Biden was prone to saying goofy things.
C. May 2009. In his first big gaffe as vice president, Biden appeared to leak classified information about a bunker under the VP's house.
D. March 2010. With a microphone picking up his words, Biden refers to the passage of Obamacare as a "big [censored] deal." The White House and Obamacare supporters later embraced the gaffe using just three letters: "BFD."
E. May 2012. His biggest non-campaign gaffe. Biden decides to announce that he supports same-sex marriage, prompting the president to quickly follow suit.
During the 2012 campaign (as in 2008), there were a number of little mistakes, such as when Biden said in October that his ticket wanted to help the middle class, which had been "buried the last four years."
F. January 2013. In addition to rumblings about a possible Biden 2016 candidacy springing up, Biden also announced that he was "proud to be president." He was not president.
Each of those months resulted in many more mentions of Biden's gaffiness than this week has prompted -- at least, so far. This isn't too surprising. Biden's time in (or, maybe: near) the White House is expiring, and the amount of significance to his misstatements is rapidly diminishing.
If he runs for president, though, you can safely assume that the chart above will become much more spiky.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He previously wrote for The Wire, the news blog of The Atlantic magazine. He has contributed to The Daily Beast, The Atlantic, The Daily, and the Huffington Post. Philip is based in New York City.

Nepal seeks technical cooperation from India for extending PFNepal seeks technical cooperation from India for extending PF
Politicos slam Bilawal Bhutto for his statement over KashmirPoliticos slam Bilawal Bhutto for his statement over Kashmir
Kotak Balance announces dividendKotak Balance announces dividend
Punjab to launch direct seeding of paddyPunjab to launch direct seeding of paddy
Govt will felicitate medal winners like Jitu Rai: AkhileshGovt will felicitate medal winners like Jitu Rai: Akhilesh
Lloyd Electric and Engineering595 Followers
Price when posted : BSE: Rs 137.00 ( -1.33 % ), NSE: Rs. 137.10 ( -1.26 % )
In reply to : BSE/NSE Announcer message
about 14 hrs 23 min 59 sec ago   |         |   Rated by

Forget fmcg  pharma  it even cement and tyre industries are commanding...Platinum Member
595 Followers
Forget FMCG, Pharma, IT even cement and tyre industries are commanding 20 multiples, this too deserves 30x and should trade around 1000 just not based on the future earnings but on present earnings alone.
6.04 PM Sep 20th

Sawyer - sumedha fiscal is fill it forger it for 2 years stock. this f...Platinum Member
488 Followers
Sawyer - Sumedha Fiscal is fill it forger it for 2 years stock. This finance company is on the verge of exponential growth. very qualified management. Keep hold unless you need liquidity.
6.03 PM Sep 20th

Monday rs 850 target..Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

7 Things Harper Doesn t Want You To Know About The China Trade TreatyPrevious Story
Next Story
7 Things Harper Doesn't Want You To Know About The China Trade Treaty (And A Few He Does)
The Huffington Post Canada  | By Daniel Tencer
reddit
Prime Minister Stephen Harper likely doesn't want too much attention drawn to the Canada-China investor protection treaty.
I’m going to go out on a limb and say the Harper government doesn’t want attention drawn to the deal it just signed with China.
Why? Because after two years of delays, the official announcement of an investor-protection treaty with the world’s second-largest economy came in the form of a press release late Friday afternoon. That’s how you release information if the idea is to bury it.
Not to mention the two years of delays to begin with. Harper made the surprise announcement of a Canada-China Foreign Investment Promotion and Protection Agreement, as it’s known, on a trade mission to Vladivostok, Russia, in 2012. China finalized the deal quickly, but Canada sat on it.
The holdup may have had to do with that fact that even some members of Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s own government had doubts about the deal . And CBC suggests Harper signed the deal because of an upcoming photo op in Beijing .
But then Canadian leaders sign these sorts of deals all the time — Canada already has 17 of these types of investor-protection treaties in place, and is negotiating a dozen more .
So whatever the reasons, we’ve got an investor protection treaty with China. Here are seven things Harper probably doesn’t want you to know about the trade deal (and a few he’s probably OK with you knowing):
Chinese investors will have the right to challenge our laws with no recourse to Canadian courts
Supreme Court of Canada (Getty)
The Canada-China FIPA isn’t a complete trade deal. It’s more like one chapter of a trade deal -- the chapter that deals with protecting investors’ rights.
Under these agreements, foreign companies gain the right to sue the host country in an international tribunal that doesn’t answer to national courts. Critics say this essentially gives foreign companies the ability to trump Canadian laws.
True, but under the Canada-China FIPA, a Chinese investor or business will have to prove they were subjected to different rules than would apply to a local investor or business. That strongly limits the extent to which Canadian laws can be challenged at the tribunals, and Canada’s ability to pass environmental and other laws likely won’t be as constrained as critics say. Canada will still be able to reject major investments from Chinese companies.
Supporters of the Canada-China FIPA say Canada needs a deal like this with China because we are running a $30-billion-a year trade deficit with the country. To get our money back, we need Chinese investment, and the FIPA gives investors the confidence they need to put their money here.
The government can keep lawsuits secret
Getty
In the treaty, the government retained the right to hide documents filed in a lawsuit against Canada under the Canada-China FIPA. This is despite (or perhaps because of) the fact that these rulings can go against Canadian government policy.
There was no public consultation, no debate, no legislation
Getty
This trade treaty, meant to last a generation, got an hour of debate in front of the House of Commons’ trade committee, and that’s it.
Canada will be bound by the treaty for 31 years
Getty
NAFTA can be terminated in six months , but the Canada-China FIPA runs a minimum of 15 years, has a one-year notice of termination period, and extends rights to Chinese companies already operating in Canada by 15 years after the deal is cancelled.
Supporters of the deal say the at minimum 31-year timeline makes sense for  protecting long-term investments and projects.
Some say it’s a better deal for China than for Canada
Shanghai (Getty)
So far, FIPAs have been advantageous to Canadian business because they have largely protected Canadian investments in other countries. (“Canadian mining companies are using FIPAs with developing countries to claim damages from community opposition to unwanted mega-projects,” the Council of Canadians reports .)
But with China, Canada is on the other side of that equation — it’s largely the destination country for investment. “Canada will be much more exposed to claims and corresponding constraints” than China under the deal, Osgoode law prof Gus Van Harten writes .
Though the deal sets up the same protections for Canadians investing in China as for Chinese investors in Canada, it creates “de facto non-reciprocity,” Van Harten argues, because of the imbalance in the trade relationship.
Minority shareholders will be able to sue
Investors look at stock prices at a securities exchange in Shanghai on August 22, 2014. (Getty)
Even if a Chinese citizen owns a small portion of a Canadian company, they will be able to use the tribunals set up under the FIPA, Van Harten says.
There’s a legal challenge to the deal in the courts right now
Hupacasath First Nations welcoming figures, Port Alberni, B.C. (Getty)
British Columbia’s Hupacasath First Nation launched a court challenge on the constitutionality of the deal in January, 2013, arguing the government had violated its responsibility to consult with first nations on constitutional and treaty issues. The B.C. Supreme Court rejected that argument in October, 2013, but the first nation is now appealing that ruling before the Federal Court of Appeal.
Also on HuffPost:

Home Depot credit breach done by new malwareHome Depot credit breach done by new malware
Home Depot credit breach done by new malware
Home Depot says more than 50 million debit and credit cards were breached over the summer when the retail giant was hacked using custom-built malware never seen before in other attacks. Karen Campbell has the details into the investigation.
Home Depot says more than 50 million debit and credit cards were breached over the summer when the retail giant was hacked using custom-built malware never seen before in other attacks. Karen Campbell has the details into the investigation.

Husband and wife lead wilderness survival schoolHusband and wife lead wilderness survival school
Husband and wife lead wilderness survival school
Husband and wife lead wilderness survival school
Husband and wife lead wilderness survival school
Husband and wife lead wilderness survival school
This video is featured in these articles:

Probing the psyche of the uber-adventurerSeptember 19, 2014 1:03 pm
The Shrink & The Sage meet Ranulph Fiennes
By Antonia Macaro and Julian Baggini
Probing the psyche of the uber-adventurer, a man who doesn’t do introspection
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/46f6e85e-3de9-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Upset Selena Gomez Fan Contacts Police About U2 iTunes AlbumU2 iTunes Album Upsets Selena Gomez Fan So Much, She Contacts The Toronto Police
The Huffington Post Canada
Updated:
09/17/2014  4:59 pm EDT
Upset Selena Gomez fan contacts Toronto police after U2's album is added to her iTunes. (AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert) | AP
The Selena Gomez fan tweeted at the Toronto Police Service last week, asking why the band's album had been added without her permission.
Why has apple put a U2 album in my music without my permission @TorontoPolice
The police took the time to reply, offering a brief explanation.
. @selenamystic I don't think this qualifies as a police matter... ;) ^vk
— Toronto Police (@TorontoPolice) September 16, 2014
No, contacting legal authorities is not the solution to this particular problem.
But if @selsmystic is still mad, Apple has created a way to delete the album .

ACME Solar to set up 100 MW solar power plant in RajasthanACME Solar to set up 100 MW solar power plant in Rajasthan
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Sep 20, 2014 09:48 AM IST
ACME Solar is planning to set up a 100 MW solar power plant in Rajasthan at an estimated cost of Rs 808 crore.
International Finance Corporation (IFC) will support the project through  'A' Loan of up to Rs 201.9 crore and possible syndication of up to Rs 388.3 crore. 
According to IFC's project disclosure report,  the power plant will be developed by ACME Solar through its five wholly owned subsidiaries -  Ranji Solar Energy Private Limited, ACME Gurgaon Power Private Limited, ACME Rajdhani Power Private Limited, ACME Mumbai Power Private Limited and Medha Energy Private Limited.
The greenfield project will come up at Bari Seer in the Jodhpur district of Rajasthan and is expected to be commissioned by April 28, 2015.
ACME Solar is an independent power producer that builds, owns and operates solar power plants in India. The company has commissioned a 25 MW solar power plant in Madhya Pradesh and is developing a 25 MW solar power plant in Odisha.

Hyundai directors kept in dark on size of $10 billion land bidHyundai directors kept in dark on size of $10 billion land bid
By Reuters | 20 Sep, 2014, 02.43PM IST
Another director at one of the companies said its board heard and discussed information about the appraisal price of the KEPCO land and the value of nearby buildings.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEOUL: Hyundai Motor and two listed affiliates did not seek board clearance for the size of their record $10 billion bid for a plot of land in Seoul, more than triple its appraised value, four board members of the companies told Reuters.
Thursday's winning bid for the land sent shares in Hyundai Motor, Kia Motors and Hyundai Mobis plunging, wiping out $8 billion in shareholder value , and sparked howls of protest from investors, rekindling worries about corporate governance at South Korea's conglomerates, or chaebol.
While boards of the three firms discussed and approved bidding for the plot in the capital's high-end Gangnam district to house a headquarters complex, hotel and automotive theme park, the bid price was not shared with directors as it was deemed to be confidential, three of the directors said.
The Hyundai Motor and Kia Motors boards unanimously approved making a bid for the KEPCO land, two directors said.
"The price was top secret, so it was not something we discussed at the meeting," said one, declining to be identified given the sensitivity of the matter. "The intangible benefits go beyond the appraisal price of the land."
Another director at one of the companies said its board heard and discussed information about the appraisal price of the KEPCO land and the value of nearby buildings. "Hyundai has many grand ideas around the KEPCO land," he said. "I think it's worth it."
Hyundai Motor Group, headed by 76-year-old Chung Mong-koo, declined to comment on board level decision-making behind its bid, and also said it had not yet decided how the purchase price would be divided among the three companies.
"The one very core element was missing, then, during the process," said Park Yoo-kyung, a Hong Kong-based director specialising in corporate governance at Netherlands-based APG Asset Management, which manages $482 billion in pension assets and holds shares in the three Hyundai firms in the bid group.
Noting that Hyundai's statement after the bid was announced on Thursday did not mention shareholder benefits or value-creation, Park said: "That's an amazing thing. It's unbelievably negative. We are very angry."
In sealed bidding, Hyundai Motor Group won the auction by a "a wide margin", said an official with the seller, state-run Korea Electric Power (KEPCO). The other bidder, Samsung Electronics , has not said how much it bid, but media reports put it in the $4-$5 billion range.
URGE TO SPLURGE
Hyundai Motor Group, the world's fifth-largest automaker, had long made clear it coveted the 79,342 square metre site, the last big piece of land available for development in the capital's prestigious southern Gangnam district.
Even before its bid, it had spoken of plans to build a landmark complex on the plot, so it had been widely expected to offer a hefty price, but its actual bid far surpassed expectations. Nomura estimated the total investment associated with land, tax, and building could reach 20 trillion won ($19.17 billion).
Hyundai, whose corporate forebears were instrumental in South Korea's breakneck industrialisation decades ago, invoked national pride in its plans for the site.
"This (global business center) will raise the brand value of the automobile industry and the country, and contribute to revitalizing the national economy by actively attracting foreigners and tourists," it said on Thursday.
UNCONVINCED
Kim Sang-jo, executive director of Solidarity for Economic Reform, an advocacy organisation for better corporate governance, said his group would ask the companies for minutes of their board meetings to try to determine whether there was adequate discussion.
"Hyundai made a nonsensical, reckless decision because they did not take into account shareholders," Kim said.
South Korea implemented reforms in the aftermath of the Asian financial crisis of 1997-98 to improve the performance of corporate boards, including introducing outside directors. However, worries about corporate governance in the big family-controlled groups that dominate corporate Korea continue to weigh on market valuations.
Hyundai Motor group has plenty of cash, but many investors were hoping instead for bigger dividend payouts, as well as investment in production capacity and research and development in a competitive market chasing better fuel economy and "greener" models.
A Hyundai Motor spokesman said in an email to Reuters on Friday: "There are always meetings with investors, and we are ready to fully answer questions from investors regarding this matter. We would like to say that there has been a need to construct an integrated company building for a long time."

PPP will get entire Kashmir from India: Bilawal Bhutto ZardariAsif Ali Zardari
(When Bilawal made these…)
ISLAMABAD: Bilawal Bhutto Zardari , the 'Gen-Next' politician of Pakistan, has said that his Pakistan People's Party (PPP) would get back entire Kashmir from India.
Bilawal, in his 20s, was addressing party workers in Multan region on Friday.
"I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan," said the scion of highly influential Bhutto family.
When Bilawal made these remarks, he was flanked by former Prime Ministers Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Asharaf.
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People's Party which officially wants good ties with India.
His mother, former slain premier Benazir Bhutto, was twice elected as prime minister while his maternal grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, who founded the PPP in 1967, also served as prime minister in 1970s.
Bilawal's father Asif Ali Zardari was Pakistan's President from 2008 to 2013.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Is Apple Inc is losing its  cool  factorE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

AP announces sale of 10-year dated securityAP announces sale of 10-year dated security
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 20:  
The Andhra Pradesh Government has announced the sale of 10-year dated security in the form of stock to the public through the auction process.
The aggregate amount on offer is Rs 1,000 crore. The auction will be conducted by the Reserve Bank of India at its Mumbai office on September 23, 2014, according to a statement from Ajeya Kallam, Principal Secretary Finance, Government of Andhra Pradesh.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Walmart to extend online wholesale platform ...You are here: Home > Collections > Platform
Walmart to extend online wholesale platform reach from October 1
PTI Sep 20, 2014, 03.56PM IST
Tags:
Guntur
(Walmart India today said…)
NEW DELHI: Walmart India today said it will extend online wholesale platform to its members in Guntur and Vijayawada in Andhra Pradesh from October 1.
The US-retail giant at present operates B2B e-commerce platform in two cities--Hyderabad and Lucknow-- in the country.
"Starting October 1, members of Best Price wholesale stores in Guntur and Vijayawada can shop and book orders online," the company said in a statement.
The e-commerce platform will provide the same range of products as its wholesale stores, including a select variety of fresh fruits and vegetables, it added.
"Given the tremendous support from our members for this initiative, we will continue to extend this (e-commerce portal) in a phased manner to our other stores as well," Walmart India President and Chief Executive Officer Krish Iyer said.
At present, Walmart is engaged in cash-and-carry business in India. It called off a six--year partnership with Bharti Enterprises in October last year.
The U.S. retail giant operates 20 wholesale stores under the brand 'Best Price' in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Syndicate bank case: Warrant against MD S K ...Bhushan Steel
(The Central Bureau of Investigation…)
NEW DELHI: A court here Saturday issued a production warrant against Syndicate Bank chairman-cum-managing director S.K. Jain and extended the police custody of the alleged middleman in the Syndicate Bank bribery case, Purushottam Lal Totlani, for three more days.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Special Judge Swarna Kanta Sharma allowed the investigating agency's plea to quiz Totlani till Sep 23.
The court issued production warrant against the Syndicate Bank CMD and middleman Vineet Godha for Sep 22 after it was informed that they are required to be confronted with Totlani.
The CBI had arrested Jain Aug 2 for allegedly taking Rs.50 lakh in bribe for raising the credit limit of some companies in violation of the banking rules.
The CBI told court that after surrender and during his police custody remand and after recording of statement of one witness, it has been found that Totlani was in contact with Godha, who also knew Jain.
The agency told the court that Totlani was not cooperating in the investigation.
Totlani, who was evading arrest, surrendered last Wednesday. The court last month had rejected his anticipatory bail plea and initiated proceedings to declare him as a proclaimed offender in the case after issuing non-bailable warrants against him twice.
Bhushan Steel Ltd.'s vice-chairman Neeraj Singhal is also an accused in the case. Singhal was arrested Aug 7.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Carefully following process initiated by PM: MEA on ChineseincursionsThe reaction by External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akabaruddin came in response to a question that despite being raised with China, the situation in Chumar and Demchok region was same. Source: AP photo
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:12 pm
After Prime Minister Narendra Modi raised the issue of Chinese incursions in Ladakh with Chinese President Xi Jinping, India on Saturday said it was carefully following the process initiated by Modi and an outcome was awaited.
The reaction by External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akabaruddin came in response to a question that despite being raised with China, the situation in Chumar and Demchok region was the same and there was the presence of Chinese there.
“Diplomacy is not an instant coffee. It works in ways that it is difficult for the people who are not engaged with it to perceive and understand what is happening. You are aware that India at the highest level has taken it up and also what our public statements are…Therefore,..allow this process to function.
“I assure you that the process that was initiated by the Prime Minister is being carefully followed and (we are) awaiting an outcome,” the Spokesperson said. Holding the talks with Xi gainst the backdrop of Chinese army and civilian incursions in Demchok and Chumar, Modi had raised “serious concerns” over the issue of the incursions and sought an early settlement of the boundary question.
However, a day after their talks, there were reports yesterday that Chinese PLA soldiers have crossed into Indian territory again and stationed themselves on a hillock. Official sources said about 35 PLA men returned to Chumar in northeast Ladakh and were perched on a hillock claiming the area to be part of China while another 300 soldiers were maintaining presence close to Line of Actual Control (LAC).

China to give foreign banks easier market ac...China to give foreign banks easier market access
PTI Sep 20, 2014, 05.06PM IST
Tags:
Beijing
(Putting them on an equal…)
BEIJING: In a major bid to liberalise its banking sector, China has announced that it will lift a ban on foreign banks from opening more than one branch in a Chinese city, a move which could lead to Indian banks setting up more branches in the country.
"Foreign banks with sound risk controls and operation should be allowed to open more new branches in one city to enhance their capability to bolster the real economy," the China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) was quoted as saying by the state-run Xinhua news agency.
As one of the moves to make the market access conditions for Chinese and foreign banks "more uniform," the CBRC also decided to abolish the "minimum operating capital" for setting up a branch bank.
Instead, a branch bank can be established so long as the applicant has the "disbursement capabilities for operating capital" and "operating funding is in place when the new branch is set up."
Putting them on an equal footing with Chinese banks, once operationalised the step will allow foreign banks to introduce e-banking and debit card services without requiring any approval from authorities, the report said.
The new regulations leave registration capital requirements for wholly foreign-owned banks unchanged.
They still must have a minimum registration capital of one billion yuan (about USD 162.8 million) to set up financial institutions in China.
The new move could lead Indian banks speed up their efforts to open more branches in China. Currently SBI has opened two branches in China -- one in Shanghai and another in port city of Tianjin .
About seven Indian banks have representative offices in different cities in China while four including SBI have opened their branches mainly to take advantage of the burgeoning India-China bilateral trade which touched an all time high of USD 73.9 billion in 2011 but declined to USD 66.47 billion in 2013.
Though the balance of trade is tilted heavily in favour of China, averaging about USD 35 billion a year, Indian banks which mostly cash-in on Line of Credit and financing of export-import businesses show interest in opening branches as they seek to leverage business from both Indian and Chinese firms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinese-state media accuses India of  instigating  border incursionsChinese-state media accuses India of  instigating  border incursions
5 Billionaires Who Control Half Of India s Wealth5 Billionaires Who Control Half Of India s Wealth
Modi to meet Hasina in New YorkModi to meet Hasina in New York
DIPP sets up panel to help investors on  Make in IndiaDIPP sets up panel to help investors on  Make in India
Walmart to extend e-commerce portal reach from Oct 1Walmart to extend e-commerce portal reach from Oct 1
ONGC to begin output from KG-5 block in 2019ONGC to begin output from KG-5 block in 2019
Alibaba s market capitalisation tops 3 Indian companies combinedAlibaba s market capitalisation tops 3 Indian companies combined
Gold hits 14-month low  dips below 27k levelGold hits 14-month low  dips below 27k level
This qtr result will reflect where co is heading in coming days if the...Silver Member
1 Followers
This qtr result will reflect where Co is heading in coming days if they are able to arrange 20000 cr in next 3-4 month by 3000 mw sale surely will go to 25+ till March 15
6.32 PM Sep 20th  | Track

Dear dilip  shiram is a nbfc company so it can give loan after pledgin...New Member
0 Follower
true...if it is so means they are seeing some value in shares and it is a good sign ...nbfc also want to earn 1000% or 1500% return per annuam instead of 24% to 36%...what they charge...so they invest either in stock or in co.assets..big story in short they can see value of co.or stock...so we sud buy n hold last 4th quater they had shares ,after 3 qua.nothing..n in last they have more shares....so they are value investor in stock or co...ok.
8.28 AM Sep 21st

Nothing is impossible. we will se itCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Pleasr share all speculative calls on every share only at jpa board!...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Obama readies US for relentless Isis warObama prepares US for ‘steady, relentless’ war with Isis
By Richard McGregor and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/96b1eb80-3936-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Calpers gives up on the hedge fund dreamCalpers gives up on the hedge fund dream
A $300bn pension fund cannot make these investments pay
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32537b84-3d8e-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK corporate pensions back hedge fundsUK’s £1tn corporate pensions sector stands by hedge funds
By Josephine Cumbo, Pensions Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94133a58-3e7e-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECB urges Berlin to cut taxes and spendECB urges Berlin to cut taxes and spend to revive eurozone growth
By Claire Jones in Frankfurt and Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/776b30f4-3fdc-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM Modi must firmly rebuff US pressure to dilute Indias robust patent law‘PM Modi must firmly rebuff US pressure to dilute India’s robust patent law’
BROOK K BAKER
Concessions will disarm India in its pursuit of the right to health
September 19, 2014:  
In September 2014, the Prime Minister will undertake his maiden visit to the US. On the Obama administration’s agenda is likely to be its long list of complaints about India’s intellectual property regime documented in the annual Special 301 Watch List issued by the US government to name and shame countries whose IP policies do not match the aspirations of US IP-intensive industries, especially Big Pharma. 
Out-of-cycle review 
For the past 25 years, India has been front and centre in the Special 301 report. This year was no exception as India was designated a Priority Watch List Country, meaning it faces intensive engagement by the US government over its IP policies. The US also announced that it will undertake an out-of-cycle review of India’s IP policies and engage in an even more strenuous cycle of behind-the-scenes “constructive” consultations. Members of PM Modi’s delegation are likely to face considerable pressure from the US administration to engage in such consultations. 
Big Pharma and the US are most concerned by Section 3(d) of India’s Patents Act, which weeds out the plethora of secondary patents that pharmaceutical companies file to extend their monopoly control over medicines, guaranteeing them even more supra-competitive profits.
Section 3(d) disallows patents on new forms of medicines unless they demonstrate significantly increased therapeutic efficacy. It also disallows secondary patents on new uses of existing products. In other words, Big Pharma gets just one monopoly, lasting 20 years instead of a series of overlapping monopolies that can last decades longer. 
The US, at the behest of Big Pharma, also objects to pre- and post-grant opposition procedures, which have been used to successfully oppose many unwarranted patents, including on life-saving HIV medicines.
Compulsory licensing 
A third major concern focuses on India’s use of compulsory licensing. Contrary to the tone of the US complaint, compulsory licenses have been and still are widely issued globally. The US, in fact, is the most widespread user of government licences.  By contrast, India has issued only one compulsory license so far.
While ignoring the complete legality of compulsory licences, the US alleges that India’s compulsory licences are protectionist if they are based on a failure to manufacture locally when such manufacture is economically feasible. But the global IP think tank, the Max Planck Institute, has stated unequivocally that compulsory licensing to promote local production is allowable under international law.
Expanding monopoly 
Finally, the US states its intentions to pursue Big Pharma’s long-term goal of expanding monopoly control over medicines through the imposition of rules that go beyond those mandated by the WTO. The US-led Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement negotiations represent the most aggressive provisions for a new IP monopoly regime and suggestions abound for the US to bring India into these negotiations. 
Big Pharma and the US are concerned that India’s smart IP policies are now being considered in Brazil, South Africa, the Philippines and other countries. They want to nip that possibility in the bud. Every time monopoly control over medicines is extended, patients in India and throughout the world face life threatening diseases without the medical technologies that might improve, extend, and even save their lives. 
Pro-health patent law 
India watchers can only hope that PM Modi will remain firm in his defense of India’s lawful, pro-health patent law regime and reject any attempt by the Obama administration to win concessions on IP issues.  Any concessions will disarm India and many other countries in their pursuit of the right to health for their citizens.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Californian town runs out of waterCalifornia town faces life without water
By Pilita Clark in East Porterville
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/52384e64-3fcf-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

California governor signs legislation to manage water useSeptember 19, 2014 7:39 pm
California governor signs legislation to manage water use
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c48426b0-400f-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Drought drains critical US water supplyDrought drains critical US water supply
By Pilita Clark, Environment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/257fc542-135a-11e4-84b7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kentucky town backs Obamas return to IraqSeptember 19, 2014 3:02 pm
Kentucky town backs Obama’s return to Iraq
By Richard McGregor in Clarksville
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28895c76-3f7e-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

the return of Nicolas Sarkozy© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/076c60b8-403e-11e4-a343-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sarkozys letter to the French peopleSeptember 19, 2014 6:10 pm
Sarkozy’s letter to the French people
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6bd8be42-4008-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hedge funds: California calls time© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6772a1b2-3ff2-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tension rises in Glasgow stand-offTension rises as two sides in Scots vote face off in Glasgow
By Alistair Gray in Glasgow and Helen Warrell in London
©Getty
Police were battling to maintain order in the middle of Scotland’s largest city on Friday night as hundreds of triumphant unionists goaded independence supporters as they marched through Glasgow’s busiest thoroughfares.
Men and women draped in union flags trooped through city centre streets chanting “Rule Britannia”, “You Let Your Country Down” and “Can You Hear the Yes Campaign?”. Some lit flares.
More
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
Police closed roads and deployed officers on horseback as they sought to contain the crowds. Scores of officers were seen running down side streets after suspected troublemakers.
The tension began in the late afternoon when police formed a cordon in George Square in an effort to keep apart rival Yes and No supporters. Scuffles broke out away from the main stand-off.
As darkness fell, the square – which had been the main location for independence rallies in recent days – was increasingly dominated by unionists as Yes campaigners left the scene.
Some Yes supporters removed badges to avoid trouble, although others remained and shouted at the union flag-waving crowd.
Looking on at the scene in George Square, David Grant, a 26 year old who works in retail and voted Yes, said: “This is the most number of union jacks I’ve seen all campaign.
But he added: “This has got more to do with the Old Firm [Rangers and Celtic football clubs] and tribalism than the referendum.”
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

US: Man jumps White House fence  dodges security to reach doorsprint
A US Secret Service agent with an automatic rifle instructs people to evacuate the White House complex moments after US President Barack Obama and his family left for the presidential retreat, Camp David, in Maryland. (Reuters Photo)
A man jumped over the White House fence and made it to the front doors of the executive mansion before being apprehended on Friday, sparking an evacuation within the complex shortly after President Barack Obama departed for the weekend.
Omar J Gonzales, a 42-year-old white male from Texas, made it onto the grounds at 7: 20 EDT, a US Secret Service spokesman said. Gonzales ignored commands to stop and was ultimately caught, unarmed, just inside the North Portico doors of the White House, one of the building's main entrances.
The intruder's ability to get so far on the grounds before being apprehended is very unusual for a complex that is heavily guarded by Secret Service officers and snipers. He was arrested and taken to a nearby hospital for evaluation.
"The Secret Service will review the response to ensure that the proper protocol was followed," spokesman Ed Donovan said.
Donovan said the fact that Gonzales had made it to the doors was "not acceptable to us and it's going to be closely reviewed."
Obama and his daughters had left the White House earlier, departing on the Marine One helicopter for Camp David, the presidential retreat in nearby Maryland.
First lady Michelle Obama was also not at home, having traveled to the retreat earlier, a spokeswoman said.
Armed Secret Service officers raced through the West Wing area of the White House during the intrusion and ordered journalists and staff members to evacuate.
A Secret Service agent gives directions during an evacuation from the White House minutes after President Barack Obama departed for Camp David. (AP Photo) 
Media and staff members were allowed back in some time later but a partial lockdown of the northwest side of the building remained in place for a few hours.
Video showed the intruder running across the White House lawn toward the president's residence.
The incident is the latest in a series of recent cases in which members of the public have made it over or though the White House gates, leading to lockdowns.
Secret Service police give instructions as they evacuate the White House. (AP Photo)

India  China in choppy waters over Indian Ocean dominanceIndia, China in choppy waters over Indian Ocean dominance?
AP  New Delhi, September 20, 2014
First Published: 13:40 IST(20/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:14 IST(20/9/2014)
Comments
At first glance, it looks like a diplomatic love-fest. There was Chinese President Xi Jinping, toasting the birthday of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a quiet dinner earlier this week in Modi's home state. There were the two leaders, deep in conversation as they walked along the Sabarmati River, Xi dressed in a Nehru jacket.
The men are full of praise for one another, and one another's countries. Xi gushes over India as "an enchanting and beautiful land." Modi declares that their pledges to work together "will open big gates for progress and development in the world." Just a few hours into the Xi's three-day visit, Indian newspapers were awash with accomplishments: a joint industrial park, a sister-city pact, ramped up cultural ties, business deals and investment promises from China worth well more than $20 billion.
Read: $100bn to $20bn: What missing billions say about Sino-India ties
Left largely unspoken, though, are the deep worries in India over Chinese maneuvering in the Indian Ocean, where New Delhi's years of dominance is being chipped away by billions of dollars in aid from Beijing and gargantuan Chinese construction projects.
And while China's recent push for dominance in the South China and East China seas get more attention, the quiet contest for influence in the Indian Ocean is being watched carefully from Tokyo to Washington, DC More than anything else, the worries are over energy.
The tankers that move through Indian Ocean carry 80% of China's oil, 65% of India's and 60% of Japan's, making those waters crucially important to three of Asia's great powers. A significant slowdown in tanker traffic - whether from diplomatic standoff, piracy or war - could cripple those countries and send shockwaves around the world.
So for years Beijing has been working to ensure it is not left out of the regional equation, building ports and forging alliances in coastal nations from Myanmar to Pakistan.
"China wants to be a major player in the Indian Ocean, alongside India and the US," said Kanwal Sibal, a former Indian foreign secretary who also held a series of ambassadorships.
Xi's latest initiative is the maritime Silk Road, a series of agreements that would link China to Europe by sea. But if China heralds the Silk Road as a vision of international cooperation, many in the Indian government worry it is a Trojan horse to hide Beijing's expanding influence, said Sibal, who is well-connected in New Delhi's foreign policy circles.
Read: India, China closer but still cautious as Xi visit ends
"It is a precursor to eventually positioning themselves more permanently in the Indian Ocean," he said.
Xi, notably, made two stops before arriving in India, both in Indian Ocean nations. First came the Maldives, the isolated archipelago and high-end tourist destination where Beijing's influence has been growing steadily. Next was Sri Lanka, a war-battered island nation where China has become the largest investor, and where it has built a colossal port in the once-quiet town of Hambantota.
"They are building pockets of influence," Sibal said.
Beijing, for its part, firmly denies it is on a quest for Indian Ocean influence. In a signing ceremony for the Silk Road plan in Sri Lanka, Xi called it a chance to "strengthen our cooperation" in everything from port development to maritime security.
Wang Shaopu, director of the Center for Pan-Pacific Studies at Shanghai Jiaotong University, noted that competition was natural given the importance of the region. But, he added, that doesn't make conflict inevitable.
"China and India should make a high priority of cooperation and avoid letting competition become cutthroat," he said. "I think both countries already have realized this."
Publicly, that is definitely the case. The neighbours might have plenty of room for disagreement, from an immense Indian trade deficit to an Indian state that China claims as its own territory. But they have also become highly adept at avoiding the most sensitive issues, playing down disagreements to focus on economic growth.
Read: Defensive India needs to take firmer stand against China
Even in India, where China's emergence as a world power stings national pride deeply, plenty of people say that's not automatically a bad thing.
China "has the opportunity to build massive infrastructure," across the Indian Ocean as part of the Silk Road initiative, said Vijay Sakhuja, a former Indian naval officer and head of the New Delhi-based National Maritime Foundation. "They make world-class ports ... So can we emulate them or partake" of what they build?
India, however, is also being careful not to put too much trust in China, forging diplomatic agreements in an attempt to balance Beijing's growing strength.
Just weeks ago, for instance, Modi returned from a highly successful trip to Japan, China's fiercest rival, bringing home pledges of billions of dollars in aid and investment along with agreements to strengthen security and economic ties. Then, just days ago, the Indian and Vietnamese presidents issued a joint statement calling for freedom of navigation in the South China and East China seas - a clear jab at Beijing's aggressiveness in the region.
And the underlying tensions between India and China never go completely away.
Read: After Modi-Xi meeting, China agrees to settle border dispute soon, demarcate LAC
Indian officials said a few days ago that Chinese soldiers had again entered Indian territory in the isolated Himalayan border region of Ladakh. The soldiers were said to be building a road.
While Modi made a brief mention Thursday of border disagreements during a joint appearance with Xi - saying he had raised the issue of the "repeated incursions" with the Chinese leader - his statement was overwhelmingly positive, concluding by saying their relationship was "filled with vast opportunities."
That didn't surprise Sibal.
"We rarely speak frankly to China," said Sibal, the former diplomat said. "We have preferred to speak about areas where we have common interests."

 With Alibaba s Big Debut  10 Things to KnowRBL Bank Plans to Launch IPO in Three Quarters
Shanghai: Alibaba has become by far the dominant e-commerce company in China, a country with the world's greatest number of Internet users, in only 15 years.
The Hangzhou-based company is largely unknown outside Greater China, but a historic listing on the New York Stock Exchange Friday and its recently-launched US shopping website, 11 Main, are expanding its global stature. (Also Read: Alibaba Shares Close Up 38% on Opening Day )
By raising $25.02 billion, Chinese online giant Alibaba has broken the record for the largest initial public offering in history. (Read: Largest IPOs in Stock Market History )
With ambitions beyond online retailing, the company is guided by Jack Ma, a diminutive yet charismatic onetime English teacher who is now a billionaire entrepreneur. (Read: Alibaba's Jack Ma Rides 'Forrest Gump' Story to Riches )
"Fifteen years ago, Alibaba's 18 founders were determined to set up a global Internet company originated by Chinese people, with hopes it would become one of the world's top 10 Internet companies, a company which will exist for 102 years," Mr Ma said in May, meaning the company would span three different centuries.
"We have a dream," said Mr Ma, who was on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Friday before trading opened. ( With Alibaba's Big Debut, 10 Things to Know )
"We hope in the next 15 years the world will change. We want to be bigger than Wal-Mart."
Alibaba had originally planned to list in Hong Kong, thereby staying on Chinese soil, but talks between the company and the exchange broke down last year because listing rules prevented Ma and top management from retaining control over the board of directors.
The controversial structure has proved to be an issue even with a US listing, prompting Alibaba to disclose the identities of more than 20 partners who have the power to appoint a majority of the corporate board.
"Unlike dual-class ownership structures that employ a high-vote class of shares to concentrate control in a few founders, our approach is designed to embody the vision of a large group of management partners," it argued in a filing with US regulators.
Ma chose the name Alibaba from "1,001 Nights" because it is easily pronounced in both Chinese and English, and the literary work's "open sesame" catchphrase signifies the company can "open a doorway to fortune for small businesses".
'Taobao Girls'
Alibaba is often described as the Chinese version of eBay. Like the US company, it has its own payments system, though it puts less emphasis on online auctions in favour of instant transactions.
Alibaba bested eBay in China over a decade ago, essentially forcing it to retreat.
"eBay may be a shark in the ocean, but I'm a crocodile in the Yangtze River. If we fight in the ocean, we lose, but if we fight in the river, we win," Mr Ma is famously quoted as saying.
Unlike another US online retailing giant, Amazon, Alibaba has no product stocks itself, instead connecting buyers and sellers.
Its consumer-to-consumer platform, Taobao, is estimated to hold more than 90 per cent of the Chinese market with over 800 million product listings and around 500 million registered users.
Taobao's presence is so pervasive in a country with more than half a billion Internet users that it has entered the lexicon: "Taobao Villages" are settlements of sellers while "Taobao Girls" are young women who model clothes on the site.
Another Alibaba platform, Tmall.com, is estimated to hold over half the market in China for business-to-consumer transactions.
Domestic competitors include JD.com, which listed on the US Nasdaq market in May, and a newly created upstart backed by property conglomerate Wanda Group -- the company of Wang Jianlin, who is worth $16 billion, according to publisher Forbes.
The surge in Alibaba's share price following its debut Friday lifted Ma's personal net worth to about $17 billion, making him the new richest man in China, Forbes said.
Ahead of the flotation, Alibaba has embarked on an acquisition frenzy aimed at expanding beyond its traditional online commerce business, though critics say it is already spending the money it will raise.
Recent deals include buying a 50 per cent stake in China's top football club Guangzhou Evergrande, purchasing domestic mobile browser developer UCWeb and paying $1.22 billion for a stake in top Chinese online video platform Youku Tudou.
Alibaba said it recorded profits of nearly $2 billion on revenue of $2.5 billion for the quarter ending June 30.
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 12:24 (IST)

Alibaba s IPO May be the Largest in History of Stock MarketYou are here: Home Ipo
Alibaba IPO May be the Largest in History
Reuters | Updated On: September 21, 2014 15:06 (IST)
RBL Bank Plans to Launch IPO in Three Quarters
New York: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's shares soared 38 percent in their first day of trading on Friday as investors jumped at the chance for a piece of what is likely to rank as the largest IPO in history, in a massive bet on China's burgeoning middle class. (Read: Largest IPOs in Stock Market History )
It was an auspicious debut for the Chinese e-commerce company, which was founded by Jack Ma in his apartment in 1999 and now accounts for 80 per cent of online sales in China. ( Alibaba: Everything You Need to Know )
About 100 people gathered outside the New York Stock Exchange at Wall and Broad Streets, many of them Chinese tourists with cameras, and they cheered and snapped photos when Ma exited the building with the kung fu star Jet Li.
The stock opened at $92.70 shortly before noon ET (1600 GMT) and quickly rose to a high of $99.70, before paring gains to close at $93.89. Some 271 million shares changed hands, more than double the turnover on Twitter Inc's first day last year, although still short of volume for the General Motors Co and Facebook Inc IPOs.
"This is the most anticipated event I've ever seen in my 20-year career on the floor of the NYSE," said Mark Otto, partner with J. Streicher & Co, who trades on the NYSE floor. "I think today's move is sustainable: The company is profitable, unlike some of its competitors, and it is a way for traders to tap into the Chinese growth story."
The pricing of the IPO on Thursday initially raised $21.8 billion for Alibaba. Scott Cutler, head of the New York Stock Exchange's global listing business, told a TV news channel that underwriters would exercise their option for an additional 48 million shares, to bring the IPO's size to about $25 billion, making it the largest initial public offering in history.
But a source close to the matter said the underwriters would make a final decision on whether to exercise the option over the next week or two, based on how the shares trade over the next few sessions.
Alibaba is nearly unknown to most Americans but is ubiquitous in China. The company, which operates China's largest Internet shopping destination, Taobao, and retail site Tmall.com, earned $3.7 billion in the 12 months ended March 31, 2014, up about $2 billion from the prior 12-month period. ( Alibaba: China's Giant Online Shopping 'Crocodile )
At its closing share price on Friday, Alibaba has a market value of $231 billion, exceeding the combined market capitalizations of Amazon and eBay, the two leading US e-commerce companies.
Alibaba is valued at 39 times its estimated earnings per share for its current fiscal year, which ends in March. That is right in line with Facebook's valuation of 39 times forward earnings but nowhere near the lofty valuation of Amazon.com's multiple of 264, according to Thomson Reuters Starmine data.
Trying to Chart the Stock's Future
The future path of Alibaba's shares is truly uncharted territory.
"It's very difficult to predict," said Stephen Massocca, managing director at Wedbush Equity Management LLC in San Francisco. "Is it going to trade based upon its true fundamental value, or is it going to become one of these cult stocks a la Tesla or Solar City, or some of these names where there really isn't a fundamental grounding to the valuation?
"And it's very difficult to see what bucket these guys are going to fall into," Massocca added. "My guess is there's a very high likelihood it does fall into this bucket, which would lead you to believe it does trade higher. But if you were to base it on a fundamental valuation, I would call it slightly overvalued at this price."
Morningstar analyst RJ Hottovy said that while he expected Alibaba to further grow revenues, it was entering an aggressive new investment stage that would likely pinch margins over the next couple of quarters.
Ma, a former English teacher who is now the company's executive chairman, boasts a personal fortune of more than $14 billion on paper, vaulting him into the ranks of such tech billionaires as Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos. The deal is also expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of Alibaba's managers, software engineers and other staff. (Read: Alibaba's Jack Ma Rides 'Forrest Gump' Story to Riches )
The rise in the stock exceeds the average gain by new IPOs on US exchanges of late. In the second quarter, the average first-day gain was 9.2 per cent, according to Renaissance Capital IPO Intelligence. Underwriters usually aim for a gain of 10 per cent to 15 per cent on the first day.
Twitter last year saw its shares surge 73 per cent on their first trading day.
Demand was intense among retail investors. J.J. Kinahan, chief market strategist at retail brokerage TD Ameritrade Holding Corp, said the company received customer orders amounting to about 70 per cent of what it saw for Facebook and about three times the customer orders it had for Twitter's IPO.
Assuming underwriters elect to sell additional shares, the company's initial public offering will become the largest in history, surpassing listings by Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's in 2010 and by ICBC, another Chinese lender, in 2006.
What happened in Hong Kong
Alibaba Group's orange banners were festooned around the exchange, with its logo on NYSE computer screens. Ma watched several long-time customers ring the opening bell at 9:30 a.m.
"I don't want disappointed shareholders, I want to make sure they make money," Ma said of the pricing, on a TV news channel, adding that he worries most about keeping customers happy.
Similar euphoria greeted Alibaba.com when its stock debuted on the stock exchange in Hong Kong in November 2007 on the eve of the global financial crisis. The stock more than tripled on day one, but five years later Ma delisted the company at the IPO price after failing to impress investors.
The NYSE held extensive tests ahead of the hotly anticipated offering to ensure it would be able to handle heavy trading volume. A call on Friday with periodic updates on order matching and trading continued until about noon ET.
"We've had a lot of major IPOs, and when you have one it's always the biggest until the next biggest one comes along," said Ted Weisberg, floor trader with Seaport Securities in New York, who has been a member of the NYSE for 45 years.
The deal allows cornerstone Alibaba investors such as Japan's Softbank Corp and Yahoo Inc to profit from getting in on the ground floor at the company. Yahoo sold some $8 billion worth of shares in the offering, leaving it with a 16.3 per cent stake. Shares of Yahoo were hit on Friday, dropping 2.7 per cent.
Softbank is not selling for now and will be left with a 32 per cent stake, making it the largest single shareholder.
In a measure of the mystique the Alibaba name carries with investors, shares in advertising company Chinanet Online Holdings Inc soared 92 per cent to $1.96 after it announced discussions were under way with Alibaba to offer digital advertising services to its online shopping site Taobao.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Exclusive: Walmart looking beyond multi-brand retailNow Showing: Masand reviews 'Happy Ending', 'Dumb And Dumber To'
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Maharashtra polls: Congress warns NCP of contesting alone if it remains stubborn32
0
Mumbai: The tussle over seat sharing continues to rock Maharashtra Assembly elections as the Congress has on Saturday warned the National Congress Party that it may go alone in the state polls. The decision came during the Congress Chief Election Committee meet which was discussing candidates for elections.
Congress leader Manikrao Thakre has said that the NCP is being unclear about how many seats they want to contest, adding that the party will be forced to contest elections alone if the NCP delays its decision.
Thakre said, "If the NCP remains stubborn on its stand, then we will have to contest alone. The high command will discuss the formula in terms of numbers."
#maharashtra polls #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #congress #ncp
NCP leader and Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar had said that decision to contest for 144 seats was a justified demand. The party had even threatened to break the alliance.
NCP leader Nawab Malik said, "Talks regarding the alliance between NCP and Congress haven't progressed the way we were expecting them to. We are expecting a notification as soon as possible. The Congress needs to find a solution soon so that the candidates for the elections can be named. "
On Thursday, Pawar had said that past mistakes will not be repeated if the NCP emerges as the single-largest party, as it did in 2004 Assembly polls.
8

New smartphone app gives sight to theblindThe new app is receiving rave reviews after its first day of availability and is being heralded as a life-changer by many people. (Picture for representational purpose only)
Reuters | San Francisco | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:16 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 5:19 pm
Jonathan Mosen, who has been blind since birth, spent his evening snapping photos of packages in the mail, his son’s school report and labels on bottles in the fridge. In seconds, he was listening to audio of the printed words the camera captured, courtesy of a new app on his Apple Inc iPhone.
“I couldn’t believe how accurate it was,” said Mosen, an assistive technology consultant from New Zealand.
The new app that allows blind people to listen to an audio readback of printed text is receiving rave reviews after its first day of availability and is being heralded as a life-changer by many people.
Blind people say the KNFB Reader app will enable a new level of engagement in everyday life, from reading menus in restaurants to browsing handouts in the classroom.
The $99 app is the result of a four decades-long relationship between the National Federation of the Blind and Ray Kurzweil, a well-known artificial-intelligence scientist and senior Google employee. According to its website, K-NFB Reading Technology Inc and Sensotec NV, a Belgium-based company, led the technical development of the app.
Kurzweil, who demonstrated the app on stage at the NFB’s annual convention in June, said it can replace a “sighted adviser”.
Taking advantage of new pattern recognition and image- processing technology as well as new smartphone hardware, the app allows users to adjust or tilt the camera, and reads printed materials out loud. People with refreshable Braille displays can now snap pictures of print documents and display them in Braille near-instantaneously, said NFB spokesman Chris Danielsen.
The app has already given some people greater independence, users said on Thursday and Friday on social-media sites such as Twitter. One early adopter, Gordon Luke, tweeted that he was able to use the app to read his polling card for the Scottish Referendum.
The app will be available on Android in the coming months, Kurzweil told Reuters in an interview. He may also explore a version of the app for Google Glass, a postage stamp-sized computer screen that attaches to eyeglass frames and is capable of taking photos, recording video and playing sound.
“Google Glass makes sense because you direct the camera with your head,” Kurzweil said.
Kurzweil started working on so-called “reading machines” in the early 1970s after chatting on a plane with a blind person who voiced frustrations with the lack of optical-recognition technology on the market.
A few years later, “Kurzweil burst into the National Federation of the Blind’s offices in Washington, D.C., and said he had invented a reading machine,” recalled Jim Gashel, a former NFB employee who currently heads business development at KNFB Reader. “It was phenomenal.”
Kurzweil’s first reading machine was the size of a washing machine and cost $50,000. The technology has continued to improve over the past few decades – the new smartphone app can recognize continued…

James Blunt  Sofia Wellesley getmarriedPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:16 pm
Singer James Blunt has reportedly tied the knot with longtime girlfriend Sofia Wellesley in Majorca.
The 40-year-old singer, who legally wed the British socialite at a London registry office on September 5, hosted an intimate wedding ceremony and reception at her mother’s Marsana estate yesterday, reported E! Online.
The couple’s secret civil ceremony apparently took place one day after they attended Elton John’s annual End Of Summer party in Windsor earlier this month.
“They got married the morning after Elton’s party. Sofia joked to friends that she was almost too hungover to get married,” a source said.
The ‘Bonfire Heart’ hitmaker proposed to the blonde beauty, who is the granddaughter of the Duke of Wellington, last December after being introduced by his sister, Daisy, in 2012.
The couple was previously rumoured to have tied the knot at a small chapel in Campanet, Mallorca in early September.

Asian Games 2014: Dipika Pallikal faces Joshna Chinappa in quarters of womens singlessquashIndia's top ranked women's squash players will clash for a place in the 2014 Asian Games semis. (Source: PTI File)
Press Trust of India | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:24 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 7:49 pm
India is assured of its first ever women’s singles medal in squash the Asian Games after top players Dipika Pallikal and Joshana Chinappa won their respective openers here today and set up an exciting contest in the quarterfinals.
World No.21 Chinappa blanked 183rd ranked South Korea Song Sunmi 11-9 11-7 11-7 at the Yeorumul Squash Courts.
Soon after, World No.12 Pallikal stepped on the court against 150th ranked Jinyue Gu of China. The highest-ranked Indian slipped a bit before prevailing 11-6 10-12 11-6 11-4.
The teammates now face each other in the quarterfinals tomorrow, less than two months after winning India’s first ever squash medal at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games, where they won the women’s doubles gold.
Whoever wins the match will be assured of a medal as the losing semifinalists get a bronze each in the quadrennial event.
Both Pallikal and Chinappa have called the draw “unfortunate” and the former had even considered a pullout claiming “manipulation”.
The face-off will be pulsating nonetheless. Both players know each other’s game very well and the difference in their rankings is going to count little.
Top seed Saurav Ghosal and compatriot Harinder Pal Sandhu will also be seen in action later today when they play their second round matches, effectively the pre-quarterfinals. Both were handed byes in the first round.
India has so far won four medals (all bronze) at the Asian Games since the sport was introduced in the 1998 Bangkok
edition. Two of them have come courtesy Ghosal and the rest in men’s and women’s team event.
Men’s singles top seed Saurav Ghosal started his campaign with a an easy win over Ahmad Alsaraj of Jordan 11-2 11-4 11-3. The World No.16 and Asia No.1 faces rising Pakistani Nasir Iqbal in the quarterfinals tomorrow.
28-year-old Ghosal has already said that “it is my best chance of winning the gold” after back-to-back bronze medals in Doha 2010 and Guangzhou 2014.
“I think I played okay. Tomorrow will be much tougher. Nasir is a good player and he has had some good results in the last one year. Will have to be at my best against him,” Ghosal told PTI.
His teammate Harinder Pal Sandhu however suffered a 4-11 6-11 2-11 beating at the hands of Kuwait’s Abdullah Almezayen in the round of 16

Trainees mull legal action against Renault-N...A section of trainees at Renault Nissan Automobile India factory are mulling legal action against management's decision to dismiss them.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CHENNAI: A section of trainees at Renault Nissan Automobile India factory are mulling legal action against management's decision to dismiss them. The joint-venture of France based Renault and Japanese automaker Nissan has invested Rs 4,500 crore for setting up the manufacturing facility at Oragadam , 45 km from here.
The factory employs about 8,000 people. Recently, citing poor performance, the management dismissed 163 trainees after getting back their respective identity cards, one of the dismissed employee said.
"We were working in the factory as usual. But one day, Human Resource official called us around 3 pm and asked us to leave on that day since we have been terminated from service," one of the trainees, who did not want to be named, told . He alleged that the trainees were directed to surrender their ID cards so that they would be eligible for receiving the salary or if they fail to do so, they would not be entitled even for that.
He said the company's policy was to appoint people as Trainees, Trainee-Intermediate, Trainee-Advanced, before making them 'Technician'. "Before becoming a Technician, the employees will be called as trainee even if they have worked for three years at the factory," he said.
Asked on further course of action, he said: "We conducted hunger strike in the city demanding reinstatement of the trainees. We were supported by Aam Aadmi Party, Tamil Nadu and along with their help we will take up legal action."
AAP Tamil Nadu Media Coordinator, Sandhya said: "We staged the hunger strike against the management. We are planning to take up the issue again with them. If there is no satisfactory response from the management, we will take legal steps."
Another trainee said: "There is no Union or any thing like that in the plant. Only AAP came forward to support us. We will go by whatever decision they take." When contacted, Nissan spokesperson declined to comment.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Al Qaeda trying to enter Assam: CM GogoiComments
Days after al Qaeda issued a video threatening to carry out its campaign in India, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi said on Saturday the terror group is trying to set up base in the state and had "tacit understanding" with ULFA.
    
"We have got some information that al Qaeda is trying to gain access to Assam. We have taken steps to prevent any such development and asked all concerned to remain cautious," Gogoi told a press conference here.
    
The global terrorist outfit had earlier too tried to set up links in the north east and Assam in association with insurgent groups here but failed to do so, he said.
    
Asked specifically if al-Qaeda has any link with the banned ULFA, Gogoi said, "I think they have links. Even if there is no direct link as of now, they have tacit understanding ... They never criticise each other."     
The chief minister said security forces have received intelligence report that there are possibilities of some incidents during the forthcoming Durga Puja.
    
Asked if repeated violence in Bodoland Territorial Area Districts and other parts of the state, where primarily one community has been affected in recent years, are to be blamed for Islamic fundamentalist groups like al Qaeda's possible entry to Assam, Gogoi said "These are in any case disturbing factors. These incidents help them."     
Earlier this week, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had said Indian Muslims will live and die for the country and would not dance to the tune of al-Qaeda.
    
On September 4, the Centre had sounded a country-wide alert after an al-Qaeda video surfaced in which the terror outfit threatened to carry out campaign in India and the initial assessment of Intelligence Bureau found the tape to be genuine.
 
The US media and intelligence agencies had said al-Qaeda has established a new branch to wage 'jihad' in India, return the Islamic rule and impose sharia in the Indian sub-continent.

Young Indian architect named leader of tomorrow by TimemagazinePrint
Shetty is seeking government subsidies to bring the price down further for those who cannot afford the units. (Courtesy: Time.com)
Press Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 20, 2014 6:11 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 6:12 pm
A 28-year-old Indian architect has been named “young leader of tomorrow” by Time magazine for his pioneering work in designing affordable flood-proof houses for slum dwellers.
Alok Shetty is among “leaders of tomorrow” who are “working hard to change their worlds today,” Time said as it named six inspirational young persons in its first class of “next generation leaders”.
Time said Shetty is “building hope in India” as an architect who is “finding simple solutions to complex problems.”
Shetty, working with the Bangalore-based nonprofit Parinaam Foundation, is designing homes for hundreds of slum dwellers whose makeshift houses flood during the heavy rains and become breeding grounds for diseases like malaria.
He has been working in Bangalore’s LRDE slum, which lies next to one of the southern Indian city’s sprawling technology parks and is home to some 2,000 people.
Shetty, who studied Master’s in architecture at Columbia University, “came at the problem with an approach he brings to all of his projects — marrying smart design with a commitment to sustainability.”
He designed flood-proof houses, costing USD 300, out of discarded scaffolding, bamboo and wood. The houses are affordable and easy to set up as it takes only four hours to erect and dismantle them.
Shetty is seeking government subsidies to bring the price down further for those who cannot afford the units.
“Shetty epitomizes a growing breed of young leaders and entrepreneurs in India who are committed to finding solutions for a country undergoing rapid social and economic changes, some of which can leave India’s poorest straggling behind,” Time said.
Another venture by is a plan to boost access to healthcare and education in remote communities.
“In my travels I saw vast stretches of rural India where infrastructure for health care and education was severely underdeveloped,” he says in the Time report.
“Building facilities in these areas is not impossible but it is time-consuming. Adaptive architecture…can be an extremely effective solution to help address our developmental problems,” he said, adding that “often the simplest solutions are the best solutions.”
The list also includes Israeli social entrepreneur Adi Altschuler (27), China’s Zhao Bowen (22) who is working on improving medical testing and activist Ikram Ben Said (34) who founded ‘Aswat Nissa’ in Tunisia that is dedicated to women’s rights and the first to involve Tunisian women politicians.
Online music video mogul Jamal Edwards (24) is building an online music video empire and giving other
entrepreneurs a helping hand while British-Nigerian Ola Orekunrin (28) is the founder and managing director of Flying
Doctors Nigeria, the first emergency air ambulance service in the country.

Allahabad HC allows immersion of idols in Ganga YamunaLast year in October, the state government had made “solemn promise” before the court that the idols would not be immersed in the rivers from next year. (Source: PTI)
Written by Prashant Pandey | Allahabad | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:54 pm
Even as the state government repeated a familiar story for the third consecutive year, the Allahabad High Court has allowed relaxation in connection with immersion of idols during the festival season near the banks of Rivers Ganga and Yamuna.
The district and state authorities have been asked to ensure that the immersion was carried out in strict adherence with the guidelines of the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) passed in 2010.
The court has directed that the authorities in Allahabad should be helped by the state, as they have already come up with a plan to ensure immersion of idols as per CPCB-2010 guidelines.
It further added that the remaining 21 districts (which are situated along Rivers Ganga and Yamuna in the state) would also follow the same guidelines.
However, the state government was directed to place the reports regarding arrangements being made in these districts by September 26, when it would pass further orders.
The high court had in 2012 and then 2013 ordered complete ban on immersion of idols in these rivers as a measure to curb pollution.
However, while sitting on the orders in the interim, the state government has twice raised the spectre of law and order situation just before the onset of the festival season to seek relaxation for that particular year. Reluctantly, the high court has granted relaxation in both the years.
Allowing the modification application filed by the state for this year too on Friday while hearing a PIL related to pollution in River Ganga, a division bench of Chief Justice D Y Chandrachud and Justice  Dilip Gupta, said: “Once an event has taken place, the emergency of the situation is lost to the State and the matter is taken into cold storage until the next year, when the court is confronted with a human situation and is informed that unless a relaxation was to be granted, the situation would not be capable of being managed on the ground. This, in our view, is a violation by the state government of its obligation to enforce the orders of the Court.”
Last year in October, the state government had made “solemn promise” before the court that the idols would not be immersed in the rivers from next year.
However, the court noted that the first meeting in this regard took place only on August 19 this year, barely a month before the Ganesh Chaturthi festival, which kickstarts the festival season leading up to Durga Puja in the early part of October.
In the meetings of the state government, the district collectors were asked to adhere to the CPCB guidelines of 2010 and make arrangements in their continued…

Asian Games 2014: Jitu Rai shoots India to first goldIndia bag 1 gold, 1 bronze on 1st day of Asian Games
Agencies
Incheon, South Korea, September 20, 2014
First Published: 10:36 IST(20/9/2014)
print
New shooting sensation Jitu Rai provided the first gold medal, while Shweta Chaudhry clinched a bronze as India launched their campaign in the 17th Asian Games with two medals on the opening day of the competitions in Incheon, South Korea on Saturday.
While Jitu struck gold in the 50m pistol event, Shweta's bronze came in the 10m air pistol competition at the Ongnyeon Shooting Range in Incheon but medal aspirants Heena Sidhu and Malaika Goel turned out to be disappointments as they failed to even reach the finals.
It was a reasonably good start for the Indian contingent, bagging a gold on the very first day of the Games, considered to be the second biggest after the Olympics.
Jitu Rai (L) celebrates with a team official after winning the men's 50m pistol individual final of the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea. (AFP Photo)
While the shooters stole the limelight, athletes in other sports also began their campaign on a bitter-sweet note.
Star shuttlers Saina Nehwal and PV Sindhu hammered their respective rivals in straight games as India clinched a 3-0 triumph over Macau China to enter the women's team event quarter-finals.
However, the men's team was outplayed by South Korea 0-3. K Srikanth and Commonwealth Games gold-medallist Parupalli Kashyap went down in contrasting fashions while the doubles team of Sumeeth Reddy and Manu Attri also failed to come good.
The Indian women's tennis team was also off to a winning start as it blanked Oman 3-0 in the first round.
Prarthana Gulabrao Thombare and Ankita Raina notched up contrasting singles victories before the pairing of Natasha Marie Anne Palha and Rishika Sunkara was handed a walkover in the doubles match.
But the star of the early proceedings was undoubtedly armyman Jitu. The 27-year-old showed steely grit to get the better of a strong field, which included two-time Olympic champion Jin Jongoh of South Korea, to snatch the gold off the final shot in a straight duel with Vietnamese rival Nguyen Hoang Phuong.
Read: Jitu Rai does Army Marksmanship Unit proud
The Vietnamese, in fact, was leading the Indian ace, who had recently won the gold at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games and a silver at the Granada World Championships going into this competition. But the Indian clinched the issue on the last shot.
Jitu shot 8.4 after his rival had fumbled with a poor 5.8 to win the gold with an overall tally of 186.2, as compared to Nguyen's 183.4.
This was Jitu's sixth medal on the trot in international competitions this year.
The bronze was clinched by China's Wang Zhiwei (165.6).
Jitu thus became only the second Indian pistol shooter to clinch an Asian Games title after Jaspal Rana and the fourth shooter overall after shotgun experts Randhir Singh in 1978 and Ronjan Sodhi in 2010.
However, the Indian men's team finished fourth with Jitu's teammates Om Prakash (555) and Onkar Singh (551) ending up 10th and 16th respectively.
Earlier, Shweta, competing with a gun she was not used to as her own gun had been held back by the Korean Customs, secured the bronze medal in the 10m range in air pistol with a total tally of 176.4 behind champion Zhang Mengyuan of China (202.2) and runner-up Jung Jeehae of South Korea (201.3).
Shweta's teammates Heena Sidhu (378) and Malaika Goel (373) ended up 13th and 24th respectively while the trio as a team got the fifth spot from among 14 teams.
Shweta defied odds, a travel-weary schedule and absence of her regular weapon to provide India with their first medal.
The 28-year-old had to eliminate a rival through a shoot-off to ensure the bronze in the women's 10m air pistol event.
Having qualified for the eight-strong final list with a total score of 383 even as her more fancied teammate Heena Sidhu got eliminated, Shweta showed exemplary poise to fight her way back.
She managed to stave off early elimination by being the third best after the first eight shots, recovering from sixth position. She had a poor 8.4 when the last four shooters were standing which forced a play-off with China's Guo Wenjun to decide who remains in the competition.
Shweta was leading Guo 138.3 to 137.9 when she became nervous and a poor mark of 8.4 followed to force the shoot-off in which she shot 10.7 while her Chinese rival came up with only 10.0 to be eliminated.
In the badminton event, Saina opened the proceedings for the team and hardly broke a sweat before thrashing Kit Ieng Wong 21-6 21-4 in just 21 minutes.

Bilawal s comment on Kashmir  far from reality   says Syed AkbaruddinSep 20, 2014 at 05:48pm IST
Bilawal's comment on Kashmir 'far from reality', says Syed Akbaruddin
5
0
New Delhi: India on Saturday termed as "far from reality" comment of PPP leader Bilawal Bhutto Zardari that his party will get back entire Kashmir from it and asserted the integrity and unity of the country was "non negotiable".
"We are in the process of looking forward and looking forward does not mean that our borders will be changed. We made it very clear that as far as we are concerned, the integrity and unity of India is non negotiable," Spokesperson in the External Affairs Ministry Syed Akbaruddin said.
He said the comment was "far from reality which takes us back into the past century".
When Bilawal made these remarks, he was flanked by former prime ministers Yousaf Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Asharaf.
#bilawal bhutto zardari #india #kashmir #syed akbaruddin
Addressing party workers in Multan region in Punjab on Friday, Bilawal, the 'Gen-Next' politician of Pakistan, had said his PPP would get back entire Kashmir from India.
"I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan," said the scion of highly influential Bhutto family.
When Bilawal made these remarks, he was flanked by former prime ministers Yousaf Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Asharaf. Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People's Party which officially wants good ties with India.
His mother, former slain premier Benazir Bhutto, was twice elected as prime minister while his maternal grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, who founded the PPP in 1967, also served as prime minister in 1970s.
Bilawal's father Asif Ali Zardari was Pakistan's president from 2008 to 2013.
22

Give North East share of China s investment to India: Tarun Gogoi10
0
Guwahati: Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi on Saturday sought a share of China's US dollar 20 billion investment committed by its President Xi Jinping for the north eastern region.
"North East (NE) is a part of India. Give importance to NE and Assam. We are neighbours of China. In fact, we have cultural similarities with China," Gogoi told reporters.
"Billions of dollar of Chinese investments have been announced for Gujarat" and Assam should get a share of it, he said.
"Billions of dollar of Chinese investments have been announced for Gujarat" and Assam should get a share of it, he said.
#india #tarun gogoi #north east #china
"We do not have any problem in investment in Gujarat. But why also not in Assam? We should also get a share of China's investment in India considering the importance of this region with the neighbouring country. NE and Assam should also develop along with the rest of India," he added.
The Chief Minister also expressed dissatisfaction over the Centre not raising the issue of construction of big dams on Brahmaputra river in China during talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Jinping.
On the issue of north east people reportedly being asked to stay away from the main venue during an event of Jinping at a luxury hotel in Ahmedabad, Gogoi said, "It is an insult to the north east. They doubted us as if we are not patriots. Are we not citizens of India? This is not good for the region."
He also emphasised the need to resolve India's border dispute with China "without compromising the dignity and security" of the country.
During President Jinping's visit, China committed US dollar 20 billion investment over the next five years and agreed to provide greater market access to Indian products in farm, pharma and gems and jewellery sectors with a view to reducing the large trade gap with India.
The 'Five-year Trade and Economic Development Plan' was signed by Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and her Chinese counterpart Gao Hucheng in the presence of Modi and Jinping.
2

Jammu bus mishap: 16 bodies still missing5
0
Jammu: Over a fortnight after a bus with 67 passengers on board was washed away in flash-flood in Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir, the fate of 16 people is still not clear while the Army apprehensive that they might have been washed away to the other side of border.
"One body was recovered last evening. With this, 51 bodies have recovered," a police officer said.
However, 16 bodies are yet to be recovered. The bus was washed away in the Gambhir river in Rajouri district's Noushera belt on September 4.
A case has been registered in the mishap and probe is on to fix responsibility.
#jammu and kashmir #bus #missing
General Officer Commanding (GoC), 16 Corps, Lt Gen HK Singh, had told reporters on September 7 that there is an apprehension that the bodies might have been washed away to Pakistan as one of the body was recovered close to the border in a nallah joining Chenab.
Driver of the bus was among the four people who survived the tragedy.
A case has been registered in the mishap and probe is on to fix responsibility.
4

Bilawal vows to take entire Kashmir  India says his comments  far from realityBilawal vows to take entire Kashmir  India says his comments  far from reality
BJP leadership meets to select candidates for Haryana pollsBJP leadership meets to select candidates for Haryana polls
Flames of War : ISIS Video Shows Syrian Soldiers Digging their Own GravesFlames of War : ISIS Video Shows Syrian Soldiers Digging their Own Graves
BPCL looking to raise the Bina refinery capacity to 15 MTBPCL looking to raise the Bina refinery capacity to 15 MT
Narendra Modi s statement on Indian Muslims to please US and shed his communal image: SPNarendra Modi s statement on Indian Muslims to please US and shed his communal image: SP
Is pathar ki duniyan mein aksar dil tut jaya karte hainankehn bhi s...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

""succes is measured not so much by the wealth or position you have ga...Platinum Member
632 Followers
""Succes is measured not so much by the wealth or position you have gained but rather by the obstacles you have overcome to succeed. ….!!!!!"".....best of luck my friend....!!!!!
7.03 PM Sep 20th

If you tell about net worth of 279cr incl reserve 211cr  debt to equit...Gold Member
32 Followers
Working capital loan(WCL) 431 Cr, Long Term Loan(LTL) 574 Cr --- Total Loan 1000Cr  . Repayment will be atleast 50Cr from next year. Now again the WCL will increse to repay the LTL. USFDA application and its approval will take 2 years. The Credit Rating will be done by the bankers otherwise they will go to jail same as Syndicate Bank. We should wait till Q2 result before investing further in the present CMP. - My target for Arvind Remedies is Rs 45 for the short term
3.13 PM Sep 19th

Correction in the markets would be sideways movement. take this as an ...Platinum Member
632 Followers
Correction in the markets would be sideways movement. Take this as an opportunity to accumulate all kinds of fallen jewels like the foll::::::::::::: BHEL , IDFC , Tata Motors , Tata Steel , Vardhman Text ….etc.
7.02 PM Sep 20th  | Track

US Poverty Rate Drops For 1st Time Since 2006You are here: Home Global Economy
Poverty Rate in US Drops For the First Time Since 2006
Associated Press | Updated On: September 17, 2014 09:37 (IST)
Regulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Washington: The poverty rate in the United States has dropped for the first time since 2006, bringing a bit of encouraging news about the nation's economy as President Barack Obama and Congress gear up for the November elections.
The US Census Bureau, in its annual look at poverty in the United States, said that the poverty rate in 2013 was 14.5 per cent, down from 15 per cent in 2012. The decrease in the poverty rate was attributed to the growth in year-round employment by 2.8 million jobs in the United States, government officials said.
White House officials cheered the positive information in the census release.
"There is reason to believe that this progress has continued into 2014, as the labor market has strengthened and millions have gained health insurance coverage," said Jason Furman and Betsey Stevenson, members of the White House Council of Economic Advisers. "At the same time, the data also offer a clear illustration of the large amount of work that remains to strengthen the middle class in the wake of the worst recession since the Great Depression."
The median household income for families was $65,587 in 2013, and $31,178 nonfamily households, which also was not statistically different from the 2012 levels. However, census officials said that income is 8 percent less than it was in 2007, the year before the United States entered the recession.
Officials also say that the number of children under 18 in poverty declined from the previous year for the first time since 2000.
The number of children in poverty dropped from 21.8 per cent in 2012 to 19.9 per cent in 2013, and the number of children in poverty also declined from 16.1 million to 14.7 million.
The official poverty level is based on a government calculation that includes only income before tax deductions. It excludes capital gains or accumulated wealth, such as home ownership. As a result, the rate takes into account the effects of some government benefits, such as unemployment compensation. It does not factor in noncash government aid such as tax credits and food stamps.
Officials also said the percentage of people without health insurance coverage for the entire 2013 calendar year was 13.4 per cent, which equaled 42 million people. Census officials said those numbers cannot be compared with previous year numbers because they changed the way they asked the question on their surveys.
Because the main coverage expansion under the Affordable Care Act didn't take effect until 2014, the latest census numbers offer a baseline number of uninsured by which increased coverage and effectiveness of the law will be measured.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 09:35 (IST)

Coke  J&J Join Big Firms in Employee Wellness PushYou are here: Home Corporates
Coke, J&J Join Big Corporations Behind New Employee Wellness Push
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 09:32 (IST)
European Parliament May Propose Google Break-Up in Draft Resolution
Washington: Leaders of some of the biggest US corporations, from Coca-Cola Co to Johnson & Johnson, unveiled a campaign on Tuesday to reduce the nation's healthcare costs, urging their peers to embrace wellness programs to improve employee health.
The newly-formed group, called The CEO Council on Health and Innovation, said it came together "to lead the US business community" in improving employee and community health and reducing costs.
The council's members also include executives from Verizon Communications Inc, Aetna Inc, Bank of America Corp, Walgreen Co, McKinsey & Co, Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association and Institute for Advanced Health. Combined, the group said its healthcare benefits cover 150 million people.
In a report released at a press conference in Washington, D.C. in conjunction with the Bipartisan Policy Center, the council called on employers to accelerate the adoption of comprehensive wellness programs that aim to improve nutrition and weight management, promote physical activity, help employees quit smoking and manage chronic diseases.
The group also called on employers to make more use of incentives to increase employee adoption of wellness programs and to modify their health benefits in a way that would encourage workers to take preventive measures to improve health.
Workplace wellness programs, a $6 billion-a-year industry, are a favorite of the business community because they promise to improve productivity, cut absenteeism and reduce medical costs by averting expensive illnesses.
Some employers offer their workers monetary incentives to adhere to the plans, while a smaller group of companies and organizations are introducing penalties for not complying with wellness initiatives.
Several chief executives on the council described their wellness initiatives and cited success in reducing costs for both the employees and the company.
But some research has shown such programs do not always cut costs as hoped.
A long-running workplace wellness program at PepsiCo, for example, helped reduce costs for workers with chronic diseases by cutting down hospital admissions. But the savings for employees who were urged to make preventive changes to their lifestyle were negligible, according to a report published in January.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

US-Based Tiger Global Leads Rs 360 Crore Investment in QuikrYou are here: Home Corporates
Tiger Global Leads $60 Million Investment in Quikr
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 21:46 (IST)
European Parliament May Propose Google Break-Up in Draft Resolution
Mumbai: Online classifieds portal Quikr has secured $60 million (Rs 360 crore at 1 dollar = 60 rupees) from backers led by US investor Tiger Global Management LLC to boost product development and expand its mobile business, the company said on Wednesday.
Indian online businesses, especially e-retailers, have been a favourite for global investors who are betting on the segment's growth in a country which already has the world's third-largest population of internet users, even though less than a fifth of its 1.3 billion people have access to the web.
Tiger Global - part hedge fund, part private equity - is one of a growing number of Wall Street financiers eyeing technology start-ups who have yet to list on the market.
It is a new investor in Mumbai-headquartered Quikr, which said current investors had also participated in the latest fundraising. These include Warburg Pincus, Omidyar Network, eBay Inc, Kinnevik, Matrix Partners India, Nokia Growth Partners and Norwest Venture Partners.
India's internet use is growing fast, particularly as cheaper smartphones boom. Rising income levels and a young population have also fuelled a surge in the e-commerce sector.
Nomura analysts estimated in a note in July that the Indian e-commerce industry could quadruple from $10 billion in 2013 to $43 billion over the next five years, driven by online retail.
Flipkart, India's largest online retailer, raised $1 billion in July to scale up and counter increasing competition from Amazon.com Inc. Another online retailer, Snapdeal also raised $100 million this year from five investors, including Singapore's Temasek Holdings.
Quikr says it has more than 30 million monthly consumer and small businesses who use the portal to sell, buy or rent products or services. Its main competitor is OLX Inc.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 21:16 (IST)

Sundaram BNP Paribas MF Picks Up 2% Stake in 8KMilesYou are here: Home Corporates
Sundaram BNP Paribas MF Picks Up 2 Per Cent Stake in 8KMiles
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 18, 2014 02:03 (IST)
European Parliament May Propose Google Break-Up in Draft Resolution
Mumbai: On the heels of DSP Black Rock MF picking up a 4 per cent stake in 8KMiles, India's only listed pure-play cloud computing firm, Sundaram BNP Paribas MF on Wednesday bought an around 2 per cent in the Silicon Valley-based company at double the price that the former had paid.
The deal was carried out through secondary market operations through the BSE.
One of the investors of 8KMiles Software, Aruna Srinivasan Iyer, sold 1,46,000 shares aggregating to 1.54 per cent equities of the company at Rs 332.46 apiece, while Sundaram BNP Paribas MF picked up 175,000 shares, or a 1.74 per cent stake, in the company at Rs 331.95 apiece.
Early August global fund house DSP Black Rock Mutual Fund had picked up a 4 per cent in 8KMiles for about Rs 6 crore from the secondary market at a price of Rs 175 apiece.
According to BSE data, DSP Black Rock MF had picked up close to 3 lakh shares of 8KMiles Software, which boasts of global biggies like Amazon, IBM, CA Technologies, Visa, AirAsia, among others as clients.
The company, founded by serial entrepreneur Suresh Venkatachari, refused to comment.
8KMiles has been one of be biggest gainers in the recent market rally gaining over six-fold in the past one year alone. While on September 16, 2103, the 8Kmiles shares were trading at Rs 71.35, today it closed at Rs 353.85 on the BSE.
Since the market rally that began with the formation of a new government at the Centre, the 8Kmiles counter nearly doubled from Rs 184.2 to Rs 353.85.
Last month, founder and chief executive Mr Venkatachari had told PTI it was planning to extend its success in offering cloud solutions to the largest Asian low-cost carrier Air Asia to other low-cost airlines.
Though registered in Chennai and listed on the BSE, 8KMiles draws over 75 per cent of its revenue from the US and only 10-15 per cent from the home market, Mr Venkatachari said, adding that the company wanted to increase this to around 25 per cent from here through deals with airlines.
Mr Venkatachari said airlines could save between 25 and 30 per cent of their IT budget if they moved to cloud platform.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 23:56 (IST)

Religare Securities Ties Up With South Indian BankYou are here: Home Corporates
Religare Securities Ties Up With South Indian Bank
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 18, 2014 02:14 (IST)
European Parliament May Propose Google Break-Up in Draft Resolution
Mumbai: Religare Securities has entered into a strategic tie-up with South Indian Bank to offer its online trading platform to the lender's customers.
A joint press release issued on Wednesday said the bank's customers will get savings and depository accounts along with Religare's online trading account. It will form part of a convenient 3 in 1 account for the bank's customers (savings account, demat account and trading account).
"This will be followed by a roll-out of the entire spectrum of Religare's portfolio of products for the customers of the South Indian Bank," it said.
The partnership will further strengthen the Bancinvest channel created by Religare, which already includes tie-ups with UCO Bank, IndusInd Bank, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank, Corporation Bank, Karur Vysya Bank, Bank of Maharashtra, Union Bank and Andhra Bank, it added.
"This strategic alliance with the South Indian Bank will further boost our strategy to increase pan-India presence and reach out to a wider audience. The tie-up also gives us an opportunity to provide a one-stop shop solution to all the customers of South Indian Bank, beginning with an online trading platform and later offering the entire gamut of products and services from the Religare portfolio," Religare Securities chief executive Basab Mitra said.
Commenting on the tie-up, South Indian Bank executive vice president V G Mathew said, "Our partnership with Religare speaks of our commitment to provide the whole range of financial products to our valuable customers under one roof. This alliance will enable us to expand our bouquet of capital market related facilities for our customers."
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 22:11 (IST)

Ericsson to Shut Modem Business  1 000 Jobs to GoYou are here: Home Market
Ericsson to Shut Modem Business, 1,000 Jobs to Go
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 16:11 (IST)
World Stocks Soar as China Cut Rates, Draghi Drives for QE
Ericsson, the world's biggest mobile network equipment maker, is winding down its modem business, shutting a loss-making unit with the departure of about 1,000 staff.
The decision comes amid falling prices of modems, rising demands on research and development and a shrinking market as more smartphone makers buy modems and processors, which Ericsson does not make, together.
The Swedish company had said it would evaluate the future of the business within 18 to 24 months of taking it on in 2013 when joint venture partner STMicroelectronics pulled out.
Ericsson's chief executive said on Thursday the rapidly changing market meant the company had concluded it would be too expensive for the business to succeed.
"In addition, we believe we can use this money in a better way," Hans Vestberg told Reuters.
The Swedish company said the decision to end the development of modems would mean it could shift resources to developing radio networks.
Ericsson had targeted a top three market position for its modems business, which employs around 1,600 people, alongside U.S. firms Qualcomm and Intel.
The move to stop developing new modems would mean around 1,000 staff leaving Ericsson, Vestberg said.
Some of the other employees would find work at a new research and development unit within Ericsson's core radio networks business that will be set up in Sweden's Lund and employ 500 in total.
Some would also continue working with the M7450 modem which was launched in August, Vestberg said, although it was hard to say for how long Ericsson would go on making it as that would depend on the success of the smartphones in which it sits.
In total, Ericsson employed slightly more than 115,000 at the end of the second quarter.
Ericsson said it expected the move to lead to significant cost savings, without specifying. In the three quarters since the modems business was integrated in Ericsson, it had racked up 1.7 billion Swedish crowns (238 million) in operating losses.
"Modems will have no impact on Group P&L (profit and loss account) from the second half of 2015," it said in a statement.
Ericsson shares were up 2 per cent at Swedish 92.60 crowns by 0925 GMT, outperforming the STOXX Europe 600 technology index which was up 0.85 per cent.
(1 US dollar = 7.1480 Swedish crown)
Copyright Thomson Reuters 2014

Global Billionaire Population to Cross 3 800 by 2020Regulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
New Delhi: The population of billionaires globally is likely to surpass 3,800 by 2020, with the technology sector expected to create a significant number of new super-rich in the coming years, says a report.
Billionaires are defined as individuals with a net worth of $1 billion or above and currently these super-rich people control nearly 4 per cent of the world's wealth.
There is one billionaire for every three million people on the planet.
According to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014, the global billionaire population would surpass 3,800 by 2020. This forecast reflects the current wealth distribution in the wider ultra high-net-worth (UHNW) population and the possibility of certain sectors, such as technology, becoming increasingly profitable.
This year's forecast for future billionaire growth also incorporated different confidence levels, to account for possible changes in global economic circumstances affecting wealth accumulation.
In the most bullish scenario, there would be over 4,100 billionaires by 2020, an increase of 78 per cent on their current levels. In the most conservative scenario, the global billionaire population will rise to around 3,600 billionaires by 2020, a net increase of only 56 per cent.
"The overall size and net worth of the world's billionaire population will continue to grow, presenting immense opportunities," the report said.
The growth of the technology industry is likely to create a significant number of new billionaires in the coming years as more innovation and growth is anticipated going forward.
Currently, less than 4 per cent of the world's ultra-rich have made their wealth in this sector.
"Other industries are also likely to contribute to an increase in the number of billionaires globally, especially as emerging markets continue to develop and mature," the report said.
Between 2012 and 2013, the number of billionaires grew by just 0.5 per cent, while between 2013 and 2014, it increased by as much as 7.1 per cent.
Such large variations in the growth rate of billionaire population are not unexpected, as a significant portion of billionaires' wealth is not necessarily correlated to global wealth conditions, the report said.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 14:50 (IST)

Why the world is getting saferWhy the world is getting safer
By Simon Kuper
From 1970 to 2008, death rates fell even in war zones because gains from better healthcare trumped deaths from fighting
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d6ccfb48-3ebc-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Congress women workers protest against Hema Malini over widows remarkE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Change in US consumers  preference worries Indian jewellery exportersMore demand for cheaper diamond jewellery exports
Dilip Kumar Jha | Mumbai Sep 20, 2014 10:09 PM IST
Ahead of the festive season, India’s diamond jewellery exporters are seeing a change in consumer preference---unlike in past years, buyers are now opting for ornaments in the mid-lower end of the spectrum, preferring lower-purity gold and small diamonds, especially coloured gems.
Though signs of an economic recovery in the US have led to hopes of a rebound in India’s gems & jewellery sales in the coming season, exporters remain cautious.
“This year, we are receiving bulk orders from the US in the lower- to mid-end category, against higher-end in previous years. While the actual growth in orders will be known only after a few weeks, we are hopeful this season will be better than last year,” said Vipul Shah, chairman, Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council.
The festive season, stretching till the second week of February, accounts for about 40 per cent of global jewellery sales. As the US is the world’s largest gems & jewellery consumer (accounting for 38 per cent of global annual demand), it is the most important market for global diamond ornament manufacturers and retailers.
While the US is on a recovery path, the European Union is showing signs of a slump. The US Federal Reserve has decided to phase out its quantitative programme by this year-end, raising the prospects of a rise in interest rates. Higher-end diamond ornaments are priced more than $1,000, while mid- and lower mid-end items cost $400-1,000. Ornaments at a price range below this are categorised as low-end and extremely low-end.
De Beers, the world’s largest rough diamond miner, expects global jewellery demand to rise in the long term. In 2013, global demand for diamond jewellery stood at a record $79 billion, according to the inaugural Diamond Insight Report, published by De Beers Group.
Philippe Mellier, chief executive of De Beers Group, said: “With demand estimated to increase from 2013’s record levels, the opportunity for growth is clear. But this must not be seen as cause for complacency. The industry will continue to lose ground to other categories if it does not invest significantly in production, marketing and technology.”
In 2013, sales of polished diamonds in the US increased seven per cent. Between 2008 and 2013, India and China saw their domestic diamond jewellery segments grow at a compounded annual rate of 12 per cent, in local currency terms, Mellier said.

Oracle shares slide after soft results  CEO changeOracle shares slide after soft results  CEO change
Behind the scenes at the British MuseumNeil MacGregor talks to Simon Schama
By Simon Schama
There’s no doubting the passion and intellect Neil MacGregor brings to history. So what will he now teach us about a nation with an inescapably explosive past – Germany?
©Howard Sooley
Neil MacGregor and Simon Schama outside the British Museum
“Suppose,” I say to the director of the British Museum, as we sit in his office, “I want to write the history of Neil MacGregor in three objects. What would they be?” “Golly!” he says, “one never thinks of oneself in those terms.” The animated voice, at once posh and populist, tails off in amused reflection but only for a moment. Then, like the sport he is, he plays the game. “Yoghurt,” he says, decisively, “a pot of Danone yoghurt.”
And then the story of Neil MacGregor: where he came from, what he became, the marvels he makes for British culture, begins.
Kaiser Wilhem II’s replica of Otto I’s crown
Johann Heinrich Wilhelm Tischbein’s ‘Goethe in der römischen Campagna’, 1787
©U. Edelmann - Städel Museum - ARTOTHEK
Neil MacGregor with a wetsuit worn by an East German escapee
A poster for the 1937 exhibition ‘Der Ewige Jude’
A copy of the inscription from the gate at Buchenwald
A page from the Gutenberg Bible
Neil MacGregor and Simon Schama outside the British Museum
©Howard Sooley
Neil MacGregor at the National Gallery, 1996
©Universal Pictorial Press and Agency Ltd
Previous image
Next Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
“My parents” – both Glasgow doctors – “were of that generation completely marked by the war.” For many Britons, that meant a recoil from Europe – but not for MacGregor’s father and mother: “They were absolutely determined I should be brought up as a European.” And thus, at 10, began the Glasgow boy’s Wanderjahre – the making of the roving, endlessly curious, marvellously cosmo­politan mind Britain is lucky enough to have had presiding, successively, over two of its greatest cultural institutions: the National Gallery and the British Museum.
More
Why a house-price bubble means trouble
“I was sent to France, on my own,” to a family in Paris and Arcachon, that lovely Atlantic seaside town south of Bordeaux. There, young Neil had his epiphany with Danone yoghurt and life was never the same. “There was no such thing as yoghurt in Glasgow in the 1950s . . . salt in the porridge, yes, but not yoghurt, much less ‘yow-uhrt’ as I learnt to pronounce it.” A dreamy, happy look comes into his eyes as he intones, as if about to burst into song, “Yaourt, dessert agréable et sain.” “That was the first French phrase I learnt! I wandered happily around Paris by myself, then, back in Glasgow in 1957, I said – hopelessly pretentious as I was and wanting to be somebody else – ‘I just can’t go on without yoghurt.’ My parents took a dim view of this but realised it was their fault for having introduced me to sophistication. There was only one place I could get yoghurt and that was the Jewish delicatessen, so off I went, armed with my pocket money, and that was my first encounter with European Jews.”
There in the Glasgow deli, buying yoghurt from the white-aproned Jewish refugee, inhaling the aroma of sausage entirely unrelated to bangers, the boy MacGregor became, heart and soul, a cosmopolitan. That the shopkeepers spoke German was itself unexpectedly thrilling. “In general, in the social hierarchy of Scotland, you didn’t expect shopkeepers to be polyglot.”
. . .
The Glasgow deli – simultaneously Jewish and German, and this just 12 years after the great extermination – was the threshold of a life that would be devoted to the exploration of cultural paradox; to what MacGregor calls “the complication of history”. His own history has not been uncomplicated.
There in the Glasgow deli, buying yoghurt from a Jewish refugee, the boy MacGregor became, heart and soul, a cosmopolitan
After reading French and German at Oxford, he was set to write a thesis at the Ecole Normale Supérieure in Paris. The subject was Denis Diderot, the sceptical philosopher and playwright whose omnivorous, encyclopedic intellect and droll temper would have been a perfect match for MacGregor. Instead, he was summoned back by his father to solid professionalism in Scotland: a law degree and then, for some years, practice. It was while he was a lowly apprentice in one of the grandest Glasgow law firms that he remembers one of his young colleagues being told, as a Catholic, that while he was welcomed as an apprentice, he must never dream of making it to a partnership. (He did.)
Perhaps it was this sudden revelation of stifling narrowness that sent MacGregor, at the comparatively late age of 27, back to his true calling. While a student of art history at The Courtauld, he received the benediction of Anthony Blunt. From editing The Burlington Magazine he became, at 41, the director of the National Gallery. Over 15 years he wrought a mighty transformation, turning a slightly forbidding cathedral of art into the people’s treasure house without the slightest compromise of aesthetic or scholarly standards. He could work this wonder, as he did again at the British Museum, because in a markedly unBritish way, Neil MacGregor is unafraid to care, and care intensely. And what he cares about most is the museum as more than a lodging house of masterpieces. For MacGregor, the purpose has always been historical and anthropological, to make a place where people rethink their place in the world and rediscover, richly, just what it means to be a human.
MacGregor is about to embark on what may be his most challenging exercise yet in cultural education: a 30-part series of weekday programmes for BBC Radio 4, coupled with an exhibition at the British Museum, modelled on the phenomenally successful “History of the World in 100 Objects”. But instead of a Minoan bull-leaper or a Hawaiian feather helmet, this show will feature an Iron Cross, a Gutenberg Bible, the great Tischbein portrait of Goethe, the inscription from the gates of Buchenwald concentration camp and a wetsuit in which fugitives from the Stasi hoped to make it to freedom across the Baltic in a dinghy. For MacGregor’s subject is Germany – from nebulous, scattered, medieval beginnings, via passages of cultural glory and unparalleled brutality, all the way to the 25th anniversary of the demolition of the Berlin Wall and the latest iteration of the protean, endlessly mutating thing that is Germany arriving at the status of the senior power in Europe.
MacGregor senses the project may be a hard sell. He says, a mite defensively – as if anticipating the tabloid headlines “Germans Occupy Bloomsbury, Don’t Mention the War” – “I’ve really no idea whether people are going to be interested. The British, on the whole, don’t travel to Germany and don’t read German literature.” But then he says he also wondered, at the time it was being planned, whether the great Shah ’Abbas Iranian exhibition of 2009 would appeal to the public. “The culture was unfamiliar and there was such a legacy of hostility.” Come, they did, however.
It is just because the public’s general knowledge of German history, such as it is, is so dominated by one immense and hideous narrative – that of the Third Reich and the Holocaust – that MacGregor wants to open minds to something broader and more complex. Those horrors he calls – provocatively – “extraordinary historical anomalies”. What he wants to present to the listener and the visitor to the exhibition is, rather, a strikingly under-determined national identity – one not, from the beginning, driving inexorably on the Autobahn to annihilation. This Germany was more often than not uncertain about what it was, where its borders, especially east and west, lay; a Germany hostile rather than hospitable to centralising power. MacGregor believes this characteristic serves Germany well in its understanding of what a federal Europe needs; when to step in and when to step back. The first section of the exhibition will, he hopes, undermine the stereotypes right away by presenting objects that speak to what he calls “the floating frontier”. The series begins in Königsberg where, right now, “there is not a single ethnic German”, and the show will include a handcart of the kind pushed by millions of women (for the men were gone) expelled from the eastern lands in 1945 and 1946. Nearly 14 million had to be somehow housed: “It was as though the entire population of Canada or Australia arrived all at once in Britain.”
©PA
Receiving the Order of Merit, March 2011
His own journey to this particular cultural destination also began in the yoghurt-and-sausage years. Hamburg in the early 1960s was the next place in the making of the historically engaged mind-expander. MacGregor was 16, on a school exchange and, like all of us in that generation, most of the Germans he had encountered were the caricatures of war movies, kitted out in SS caps, screaming “Halt!” from watchtowers. In Scotland, his parents had friends who had been prisoners of war who felt that their incarceration was, on the whole, “an honourable recollection”. But it was otherwise in France, where the bitterness and fury were implacable and intense. “There were people one met whose whole family had been deported; there I learnt what it meant to be occupied.”
. . .
Given those preoccupations, the depth of the unhealed wounds, Hamburg was astounding in its silence. “I expected them to talk about their Blitz. The city was almost completely rebuilt – there were still people living in the big old house where I stayed, who had been there since the years when people had to take in the emigrants, but they lived a separate existence on the top floor . . . But at school no one spoke about the war; nicht sprechen. It’s not as if I expected the children to ask, ‘And what did you do in the war Papa?’” – he laughs one of his endearingly self-mocking chuckles – but, “on the borderline between cowardice and courtesy”, he stayed silent for a while too.
Then one day, he realised that the German boys of his own age had no idea that the war had begun when the Reich invaded Poland. “When I did talk to them, they said it had been because Poland attacked Germany!” (More laughter.) No modern history was taught in the German schools. “This didn’t surprise me, because we didn’t do the 20th century in our schools either, so I mentioned it to the teacher and we had a remedial class on it.” MacGregor is at pains to say that this was not a one-boy educational reform project (though the rest of us might say it presaged it): “I was just puzzled.”
The puzzlement deepened in 1969 when, with Rudi Dutschke and the student revolts turning the world upside down, MacGregor understood that this was a generation which had had virtually no access to the history of its calamity and the atrocities it had inflicted on others. And he speaks of their struggles to remake their own history, grounded in truth, as an extraordinary exercise in engagement. I, too, remember Berlin in 1965, when the choices were, on one side of the wall, the oblivion of shopping on the Ku’damm thanks to Chancellor Erhard’s Wirtschaftswunder and, on the other, the fairytales told about valiant communist resistance to the Third Reich and the canonisation of its prewar leader Ernst Thälmann. But among the young, something hungry for truth was seditiously stirring. In Vienna, on the other hand, denial danced in three-four time to a Lehár waltz.
Not so in beleaguered Berlin. There, history, torn from the bed of forgetfulness, was made to be painful, conflicted and guilt-ridden, yet critically important for the possibility of a future life. “There could be no redemption,” MacGregor says. “How could there be?”
How did one type of Germany turn into the other? ‘I don’t understand it myself,’ is all MacGregor says
But in Germany, history determined how you lived. Arguably it still does. This, he believes, is sharply different from the way in which history is routinely consumed in Britain. This may be about to change as our own country goes through its own painful shape-shift but, mostly, he says, it’s about “good things done in the past”. “It’s in our architecture, our churches . . . a kind of solace,” sometimes on the verge of sentimental self-celebration. German memory, on the other hand, is dangerously, inescapably explosive. From one side of the Siegestor in Munich, the victory arch built in the 1820s, “it looks exactly like Hyde Park Corner, but on the other side it’s completely blown away”. In the very centre of Berlin, in the heart of the capital is, “a monument to ineradicable shame, the Holocaust memorial. I can’t think of any other monument like it in history, a monument to their own shame. Where in Paris is a monument to French imperialism; where in Britain a monument to our own wrongdoings?” There are, I remind him, museums of slavery and empire. “Yes but not in Whitehall,” he says.
Is he worried that his enthusiasm might tip over into vulgar boosterism for the latest edition of democratic Germany; that it will be all Goethe and no Goebbels? “Yes I was – and am.” But it would be hard to accuse MacGregor of running away from the pain and horror, any more than he feels modern Germany itself has done.
There is a huge, hideous anti-semitic poster advertising the “Der Ewige Jude” (The Eternal Jew) exhibition of 1937; and that gate inscription from Buchenwald, “Jedem das Seine” (To each his own). MacGregor’s subtle unpacking of the multiple, hideous ironies of that display is itself worth the price of admission and characteristic of his method. First, an evocation of its setting – the camp just outside Weimar, home both to Goethe and the great burgeoning of free modernism in the 1920s. Then, the physical thing itself, letters of iron assiduously repainted every year by the Nazi regime, so that inmates would have to read it every day from inside the camp parade ground. Then the swerve into unintended resistance: the lettering made in a Bauhaus font by one of its designers, implying the torturers, too, would get their just deserts. And then a succession of twists: the author of that little act of subversion, Franz Ehrlich, released in 1939, goes on to have a flourishing career under the Nazis, and in 1948 Buchenwald is recycled as a communist gulag, where a quarter of the inmates perish.
There is a point in the exhibition, he says, from which, in one direction, the visitor will be looking at the beautiful portrait of Goethe by Tischbein – with the great man, a slouch hat on his head, recumbent in the warm light of an Italian landscape, the epitome of humanely learned Germany – while the other direction takes the eye to that Buchenwald inscription. In the Buchenwald essay MacGregor himself raises the awful, essential question of how one kind of Germany turned into the other. But he doesn’t offer an answer: “I don’t understand it myself,” is all he says.
His humility is moving but, all the same, there are ways to try. The Holocaust was made possible precisely because earlier figures who had shaped German culture had dehumanised the Jews and made them objects of murderous hatred. MacGregor wants to present Luther as the father of the German language, and so he was. But what he also fathered, all the more potently for that status, was an obsessive anti-semitism which described the Jews as “full of devil’s feces which they wallow in like swine”. “If they could they would kill us all,” he raved, proposing in On the Jews and their Lies a programme to burn their synagogues and raze their houses, so as to dispose of the “poisonous envenomed worms” that they were.
Luther’s anti-semitism is not in this show. But its illuminations are no less deep for being less relentlessly grim. The Iron Cross, often taken to be the emblem of Prussian militarism, was, he reminds us, invented in a moment of reformist egalitarianism, following the traumatic defeat and humiliation by Napoleon in 1806. Its consequence was to trigger a period of reform. The Cross was iron, not of a precious metal, because it was the first decoration that could be awarded to all ranks. Sanctioned by King Friedrich Wilhelm III, it became the symbol of a new, comradely patriotism.
History in Britain, he says, ‘is mostly about good things done in the past . . . a kind of solace’
The Imperial Crown featured in the exhibition is not the original medieval crown, said to have been worn by the Holy Roman Emperor Otto I at his coronation in Rome in 962 and then reused by successive HREs all the way to the liquidation of the empire in that fateful year of 1806. That was the object MacGregor wanted for the show but was “politely” turned down by the Vienna Museum on the understandable grounds that it “doesn’t travel any more”. In an inspired move, MacGregor remembered that Kaiser Wilhelm II’s request had also been declined around 1906, causing the Hohenzollern emperor to make his own version. Showing the replica allows MacGregor to turn the story into a tale of competition for the legacy and memory of Charlemagne, not just between Austrian Habsburgs and Prussian Hohenzollerns but between the Germans and the French.
These are the sort of memory riffs, back and forth across time, which MacGregor loves and at which he is the peerless virtuoso. His eyes shine with a boyish glee when he brings off one of those complications which makes us rethink stereotypes. The damage done by mutual tribalism is very much on my mind as I talk, referendum looming, to the Glaswegian who might one day soon become a foreigner to his own country. I ask him whether Germany is a prism through which we can all think harder about what it means to give our allegiance to a national community. He does not take the bait: “I think it’s very sui generis to Germany.”
All the same, there is no doubt that he does think of the British Museum as a place with a vocation inherited from its founders like Sir Hans Sloane all the way back in the mid-18th century. Even then that mission was comparative anthropology; the liberating notion that by looking at objects from a range of cultures, separated by geography and history, one would come to understand more about the single object at hand. Sloane collected shoes, all of which had in common the universal need to protect feet but which in every other respect were radically different. “One pair of shoes is not interesting; a huge collection of them an illumination.”
The insatiable curiosity to collect and inquire into other cultures, to learn their languages and understand their traditions in their own terms, was largely pre-imperial, which, he says, makes the museum descended from Sloane “perfectly suited to a postcolonial world”. It was and is the museum which resisted the ignorant assumptions of cultural and racial superiority displayed by the proconsuls and generals of the Victorian empire. MacGregor’s dauntless belief in the humanising effect of looking at the work of others, rather than endlessly at our own reflection caught in the mirror of time, could not be more timely as the fires of wounded nationalisms burn down the house of common culture.
I ask him the question on many people’s minds: it is widely rumoured among the chattering classes that he will not stay much longer in this job. He gives no indication of departure any time soon but smiles and says, “I’ve been here a long time – 12 years.” But then we talk a bit about what kind of exhibition within our own history might have the same salutary effect of raising questions, facing hard truths through the eloquence of objects and he says right away, “Ireland.”
I can’t quite tell whether he has just thought of this or whether he has the next great project already under way. All I know, as I step out into Great Russell Street under a kindly drizzle, forgetting that, in the brightness of our voluble conversation, we only got to one of the three objects in the history of MacGregor, is that times being what they are, neither the British Museum, nor whatever is left of the house of Britain itself, can afford to do without Neil MacGregor.
‘Germany: Memories of a Nation’ runs from October 16 to January 25 2015 at the British Museum, London WC1B 3DG; britishmuseum.org . The radio programme to accompany it begins on BBC Radio 4 on September 29.
Photographs: Howard Sooley; Städtische Museen Aachen; U.Edelmann/Städel Museum/ARTOTHEK; BBC; Deutsches Historisches Museum, Berlin; Samml ung Gedenkstätte Buchenwald/Buchenwald Memorial Collection; British Library Board; Universal Pictorial Press and Agency Ltd; Getty
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Bilawals comment on Kashmir far from reality : MEA SpokespersonPrint
PTI | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:33 pm
India on Saturday termed as “far from reality” comment of PPP leader Bilawal Bhutto Zardari that his party will get back entire Kashmir from it and asserted the integrity and unity of the country was “non negotiable”.
“We are in the process of looking forward and looking forward does not mean that our borders will be changed. We made it very clear that as far as we are concerned, the integrity and unity of India is non negotiable,” Spokesperson in the External Affairs Ministry Syed Akbaruddin said.
He said the comment was “far from reality which takes us back into the past century”.
Addressing party workers in Multan region in Punjab yesterday, Bilawal, the ‘Gen-Next’ politician of Pakistan, had said his PPP would get back entire Kashmir from India.
“I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan,” said the scion of highly influential Bhutto family.
When Bilawal made these remarks, he was flanked by former prime ministers Yousaf Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Asharaf.
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People’s Party which officially wants good ties with India.
His mother, former slain premier Benazir Bhutto, was twice elected as prime minister while his maternal grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, who founded the PPP in 1967, also served as prime minister in 1970s.
Bilawal’s father Asif Ali Zardari was Pakistan’s president from 2008 to 2013.

Asian Games 2014: Dipika Pallikal faces Joshna Chinappa in quarters of womens singles squashIndia's top ranked women's squash players will clash for a place in the 2014 Asian Games semis. (Source: PTI File)
Press Trust of India | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:24 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 7:49 pm
India is assured of its first ever women’s singles medal in squash the Asian Games after top players Dipika Pallikal and Joshana Chinappa won their respective openers here today and set up an exciting contest in the quarterfinals.
World No.21 Chinappa blanked 183rd ranked South Korea Song Sunmi 11-9 11-7 11-7 at the Yeorumul Squash Courts.
Soon after, World No.12 Pallikal stepped on the court against 150th ranked Jinyue Gu of China. The highest-ranked Indian slipped a bit before prevailing 11-6 10-12 11-6 11-4.
The teammates now face each other in the quarterfinals tomorrow, less than two months after winning India’s first ever squash medal at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games, where they won the women’s doubles gold.
Whoever wins the match will be assured of a medal as the losing semifinalists get a bronze each in the quadrennial event.
Both Pallikal and Chinappa have called the draw “unfortunate” and the former had even considered a pullout claiming “manipulation”.
The face-off will be pulsating nonetheless. Both players know each other’s game very well and the difference in their rankings is going to count little.
Top seed Saurav Ghosal and compatriot Harinder Pal Sandhu will also be seen in action later today when they play their second round matches, effectively the pre-quarterfinals. Both were handed byes in the first round.
India has so far won four medals (all bronze) at the Asian Games since the sport was introduced in the 1998 Bangkok
edition. Two of them have come courtesy Ghosal and the rest in men’s and women’s team event.
Men’s singles top seed Saurav Ghosal started his campaign with a an easy win over Ahmad Alsaraj of Jordan 11-2 11-4 11-3. The World No.16 and Asia No.1 faces rising Pakistani Nasir Iqbal in the quarterfinals tomorrow.
28-year-old Ghosal has already said that “it is my best chance of winning the gold” after back-to-back bronze medals in Doha 2010 and Guangzhou 2014.
“I think I played okay. Tomorrow will be much tougher. Nasir is a good player and he has had some good results in the last one year. Will have to be at my best against him,” Ghosal told PTI.
His teammate Harinder Pal Sandhu however suffered a 4-11 6-11 2-11 beating at the hands of Kuwait’s Abdullah Almezayen in the round of 16

BJD expels senior leader for anti-party activitiesstate politics
Odisha’s ruling Biju Janata Dal (BJD) on Saturday expelled senior leader and former state finance minister Prafulla Chandra Ghadai for anti-party activities.
“Prafulla Chandra Ghadai has been expelled from the party for anti-party activities with immediate effect,” Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik told reporters.
The expulsion came hours after local newspaper “Sambad” published excerpts of a yet-to-be published interview of Mr. Ghadai in which he purportedly questioned the leadership of Mr. Patnaik and accused him of being under the influence of a coterie.
The 74-year-old Ghadai, a close aide of late Biju Patnaik, father of the Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik, was elected to the state assembly a number of times. He was denied a ticket by the party in the 2014 election.
Reacting to his expulsion, Mr. Ghadai said: “I have never done anything against the interest of the party and always had been a loyal party worker. I have nothing to comment. Let the people judge.”
BJD spokesman Samir Ranjan Dash said the party expelled Mr. Ghadai because he was working to weaken the leadership.

BJP  Shiv Sena yet to agree on seat-sharingBJP  Shiv Sena yet to agree on seat-sharing
Syndicate bank case: Warrant against MDSyndicate bank case: Warrant against MD
India  China quietly struggle in Indian OceanIndia  China quietly struggle in Indian Ocean
Party Chief to take final decision  Mission 150 intact: Shiv Sena on seat sharingParty Chief to take final decision  Mission 150 intact: Shiv Sena on seat sharing
Modi s remarks on Muslims  politically motivatedModi s remarks on Muslims  politically motivated
I made 19 popular - stood on it  fought for it   because i believed in...Platinum Member
93 Followers
Reposted about 60 days 14 hrs 1 min 52 sec ago by rahul.bgv and 2 others
We all keep fluctuating like pendulums. We were talking abt suzlon going to 40 when it reached 36 and now r talking it touching 6 or 10. In fact, somebody claimed on this forum that he got news from inside that tulsi is leaving suzlon. But I see tulsi attending all the high profile business meetings during Chinese president visit. Tulsi did not leave suzlon during last tough years then why would he do it now when things are falling in place whether be it GBI,AD,CDR,FCCB,RPO,LSE Listing, structuring,cost reduction and many more. Chalo Bye. Relax ho jaao and go to sleep.

Now even midcap companies like jkl is trading 25 pe and 2 times sales....Platinum Member
595 Followers
Now even midcap companies like JKL is trading 25 pe and 2 times sales. While JKL went up by 6 times, binani went up by 2.5 times so far. Now BI has great scope to double than jkl now. Even if it goes to 300, performance of BI will be on par with JKL. Increase in volumes on one day and drop other day clearly indicates steady accumulation. I dont think this is right time to sell as AR indicated they are expecting atleast partial stake sale in second half. Management is also trying to increase the debt limit from 6500 cr to 9000cr, may be they are trying to buy one more company. Stretch in volumes in cement space is good for the stake sale.

I have never considered bhushan steel an investment worthy stock.Platinum Member
24 Followers
Truth is jk bank has has a bad timr thisyear. There was change of cmd. Then the npa from rei agro, bhushan steel etc. Niw the floods affecting nearly seventy oercent of branches. Fourth , the maximum. Customers of jk bank have lost a lot in agriculture , assets etc. It  is no complex maths to figure out medium term eps or nav of  jk bank.. It is going to be very bad fy 15.. Share prce will reflect the same by early november after moorat trading. At that time a bottomshpuld happen. Because then the revival of bank should happen showong results by next sept qtr. That is logic. But there are now a few hundred shares that are really bad but quoting sky high. Jk bank certainly is a  better stock. So watch the trend..
4.33 PM Sep 20th

Bsb4580 what a wonderful statement you have made - "even the p...243 Followers
Dear friend
Optimism is always a good quality. But let us also analyse the data to see if the optimism is warranted or not.
Sudar`s  promoters dont even the money to even maintain their pledge. They are in deep deep cash crunch. How do you expect them to run the company efficiently.
Any results that you see are most likely "cooked up". I have analysed the  the annual report .
The net operating cash flow is negative by a whopping Rs 63 crore. They are remaining afloat because of the huge increase in short term and long term loans. In other ways, the loans are what is keeping the company on the ventilator.
As per the balance sheet, the cash equivalent that Sudar has is a paltry Rs 73 lakhs. Last year this was Rs 5 crore.
I am an MBA, i know of a hundred different "legal" ways to show increase in quarterly sales revenue . We have to look at the cash flow to understand the real situation.
12.48 PM Sep 20th

5 raisons pour lesquelles tant d cossais voteront "oui"  l indpendanceRéférendum sur l'indépendance de l'Écosse: 5 raisons pour lesquelles tant d'Écossais voteront "oui"
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
INTERNATIONAL - Le référendum organisé jeudi 18 septembre sur l'indépendance écossaise pourrait marquer la fin du Royaume-Uni, une union vieille de 307 ans composée de l'Angleterre, de l'Écosse, de l'Irlande du Nord et du Pays de Galles.
Tandis qu'un "oui" aurait des conséquences importantes pour l'Écosse, mais aussi pour le Royaume-Uni et le reste de l'Europe, de récents sondages révèlent que le vote sera probablement serré .
Pourquoi donc autant d'Écossais déclarent avoir l'intention de voter pour l'indépendance malgré les avertissement des économistes ? The WorldPost récapitule ci-dessous les cinq raisons qui expliquent pourquoi les Écossais peuvent être tentés de sortir du Royaume-Uni.
Ils veulent le Parti travailliste au pouvoir.
Les électeurs écossais sont traditionnellement de gauche et la nation enregistre généralement une grande majorité de votes pour le Parti travailliste. Les conservateurs centre-droit, quant à eux, ont habituellement des résultats médiocres en Écosse: sur les 59 sièges disputés lors de l'élection générale de 2010, le Parti travailliste en a remporté 41 tandis que le Parti conservateur en a gagné un seul (les libéraux-démocrates et le Parti national écossais ayant obtenu le reste).
À l'inverse, en Angleterre, il est bien plus courant de voter pour le Parti conservateur, actuellement au pouvoir. Malgré son vote massif pour la gauche, l'Écosse est donc souvent dirigée par les conservateurs. Si l'Écosse devient indépendante, les Écossais devraient enfin pouvoir choisir leur gouvernement.
Ils veulent se débarrasser du Parti conservateur une fois pour toutes.
Jeudi, il ne sera pas uniquement question d'indépendance. Pour beaucoup d'Écossais, ce vote servira aussi à s'assurer que les conservateurs ne gouvernent plus jamais l'Écosse. Depuis la crise financière de 2008, le gouvernement britannique a accumulé les politiques d'austérité draconiennes , notamment la baisse des emplois publics et la réduction des prestations sociales. En Écosse, les familles à faibles revenus ont été extrêmement touchées par ces mesures.
Selon un rapport publié en juin dernier par UNISON Scotland , le plus grand syndicat professionnel national, le budget du pays a été baissé de six milliards de livres sterling et 50.000 postes de la fonction publique ont déjà été supprimés.
Selon eux, l'autonomie est un symbole de fierté nationale.
Bien que de nombreux économistes ont soutenu qu'il est dans l'intérêt de l'Écosse de rester dans le Royaume-Uni, il est clair que les citoyens sont attirés par le vote pour l'indépendance d'un point de vue affectif. Comme l'indique The Economist , "le référendum ne se jouera pas sur des calculs d'impôts et de revenus pétroliers, mais sur l'identité et le pouvoir. L'idée que les Écossais peuvent prendre en mains leur avenir, pendant et après ce vote, est grisante.
En 1999, l'Écosse a mis en place son premier Parlement, donnant ainsi à la nation un degré d'autonomie en matière d'éducation et de santé. Néanmoins, ceci n'a fait qu'alimenter la volonté nationaliste de contrôler tous les aspects du gouvernement. Il a également été précisé que ce référendum sera probablement exceptionnel. Si les Écossais laissent passer l'opportunité qu'ils ont de voter pour leur indépendance, ce jeudi, il se peut que l'occasion ne se représente pas avant de nombreuses années .
Ils pensent que l'autonomie améliorerait l'économie.
Les gens en faveur de l'indépendance ont souligné qu'une Écosse autonome arriverait mieux à gérer son économie, notamment les impôts et les réserves pétrolières sur la côte écossaise. Il existe aussi en Écosse une forte opposition contre les armes nucléaires. La campagne pour le "oui" a promis de les retirer entièrement du territoire .
Les sondages suggèrent aussi que la plupart des Écossais veulent rester dans l'Union européenne. Même si le Royaume-Uni la quitte au cours des prochaines années, une Écosse indépendante pourrait voter pour maintenir son statut de membre de l'Union européenne.
Ils ont été impressionnés par un candidat excellent.
Alex Salmond, Premier ministre écossais et leader de la campagne pour le "oui", s'est révélé être un candidat très efficace mobilisant les Écossais (surtout les jeunes) pour faire pression en faveur de l'indépendance. En août, un sondage s'adressant à 505 électeurs a été mené par la société de sondage ICM pour The Guardian: environ 71% des électeurs décidés ont déclaré qu'ils soutenaient Salmond, alors que 29% ont indiqué qu'ils étaient en faveur d'Alistair Darling, leader de la campagne pour le "non".
Le fait que le vote soit trop serré pour statuer à deux jours du référendum témoigne des qualités de dirigeant de Salmond (et de la campagne ratée du "non").
Lire aussi :

Ajax-PSG: le plus beau but de tous les temps pour Zlatan il y a 10 ansPrevious Story
Next Story
VIDÉO. Ajax Amsterdam-PSG: le plus beau but de tous les temps pour Zlatan Ibrahimovic il y a 10 ans?
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
FOOTBALL - Le hasard a bien fait les choses lors du tirage de la Ligue des Champions . En plaçant l'Ajax Amsterdam dans le même groupe que le PSG, la star parisienne Zlatan Ibrahimovic va pouvoir fouler mercredi 17 septembre (20h45) la pelouse de son ancien club, où il a vu sa carrière décoller entre 2001 et 2004.
En mai 2004, sous les couleurs blanches et rouges, il a surtout inscrit l'un des plus beaux buts de tous les temps, au terme d'une action individuelle de génie, après avoir éliminé pas moins de quatre défenseurs et le gardien ( découvrez ici sur RMC Sport ce qu'ils sont devenus depuis )...
» Voir le but dans la vidéo en haut de l'article
L'Ajax Amsterdam ne s'y est d'ailleurs pas trompé en apostrophant le PSG sur Twitter à propos de ce but hors du commun:
Hi @PSG_Inside ! @Ibra_Official plays for you tonight, but you must admit he scored his most beautiful goal for #Ajax ! http://t.co/XPA8eGT61D
— AFC Ajax (@AFCAjax) 17 Septembre 2014
"Salut le PSG, Ibra joue pour vous ce soir, mais il faut admettre qu'il a marqué son plus beau but pour l'Ajax!"
La réponse parisienne?
Hi @AFCAjax ! That’s a nice goal indeed, but what do you guys think of this one ? #AJAPSG #NOLIMIT https://t.co/kYC3xJRBXu
— PSG Officiel (@PSG_inside) 17 Septembre 2014
"Salut l'Ajax! C'est un beau but en effet, mais que pensez-vous de celui-ci?"
Le dialogue continue...
. @PSG_inside Not bad either! Let’s say @Ibra_Official is a legend! Hopefully not too much of a legend tonight :) #UCL
— AFC Ajax (@AFCAjax) 17 Septembre 2014
"Pas mal non plus! Disons qu'Ibra est une légende! Enfin espérons pas trop ce soir :)"
. @AFCAjax . Be careful, @Ibra_Official is always a legend ;-) May the best team win tonight! See you at 8:45 pm ! #UCL pic.twitter.com/rGSmGENIDp
— PSG Officiel (@PSG_inside) 17 Septembre 2014
"Faites attention, Ibra est toujours une légende ;-) Que le meilleur gagne ce soir! Rendez-vous à 20h45!"
— AFC Ajax (@AFCAjax) 17 Septembre 2014
"Rendez-vous ce soir!"
Un échange de "politesses" similaire s'était déroulé la saison dernière sur le réseau social entre le PSG et Chelsea , avant et après leur quart de finale aller de Ligue des Champions.
LIRE AUSSI:

Dcouvrez Lazarus le "chat vampire"  nouveau flin star du webVIDÉO. Lazarus le "chat vampire" sur Vine, nouveau félin star d'Internet
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
RÉSEAUX SOCIAUX - Lazarus n'est pas un chat comme les autres. Ce jeune félin de deux ans est né avec une fente labiale , malformation congénitale qui se caractérise par l'absence de lèvre supérieure et qui découvre ses canines inférieures, lui donnant un air quelque peu effrayant.
C'est justement pour cette raison que Lazarus est surnommé "le chat vampire" par ceux qui l'ont recueilli à l'âge de 10 semaines et prennent soin de lui au refuge de l'East Tennessee State University de Johnson City , aux Etats-Unis. Heureusement, l'animal est loin d'être un monstre qui attaque ses victimes à la gorge, comme le montrent les (nombreuses) photos et vidéos de lui publiées ces dernières semaines sur Vine.
Dans la lignée d'un Grumpy Cat , Lazarus est devenu une star du web depuis que les comptes Facebook, Twitter et Tumblr qui lui sont dédiés diffusent des photos et des Vines le mettant en scène.
Comme vous pouvez le constater, le chat n'y fait rien d'exceptionnel mais son allure inhabituelle et son comportement joueur et placide ont suffi à attirer la curiosité des internautes. Il rassemble environ 1200 abonnés sur Twitter et plus de 27.500 "likes" sur Facebook.
"C'est le roi des arbres à chat, et Vine met en avant sa personnalité, explique à Mashable Cindy Chambers , qui s'en occupe à l'East Tennessee State University. Nous espérons pouvoir profiter de sa célébrité pour aider d'autres animaux dans le besoin, surtout ceux qui ont des besoins spéciaux". Il faut dire que Lazarus n'est pas tout seul, puisque son refuge accueille d'autres chats, des chiens et même un cheval.
» Retrouvez Lazarus en images dans notre diaporama:
Close
Lazarus, le "chat vampire" nouvelle star du web
sur

Hands on with iPhone 6 on Apples big day 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Massive horror unfolds in small Florida townBy Mark Berman September 19 Follow @markberman
Residents of Bell, Fla., hold a vigil at their high school football game a day after a man shot and killed his daughter and six grandchildren before committing suicide. (Reuters)
On Thursday, in the small Florida town of Bell, a man named Don Spirit shot and killed seven people — specifically, his daughter and six grandchildren — before taking his own life, according to police .
No motive was given for the gruesome scene. Authorities said the children who were killed ranged in age from just under 3 months (Alanna Stewart was born on June 28, just 82 days before the shooting) to 11 years (Kaleb Kuhlmann). Sarah Spirit, mother to the six children, was 28.
A sheriff’s vehicle on the road leading to the scene. (Barbara Liston/Reuters)
“We have no indication of what caused this man to do what he did,” Robert D. Schultz III, sheriff of Gilchrist County, said at a news conference. He said there had been no “signs or indications” suggesting that such a thing was possible.
Spirit, 61, had spent three years in prison for shooting and killing his 8-year-old son in a hunting accident, and “they should not have let him out of prison the first time,” a distant cousin told the Orlando Sentinel . He was released from prison in 2006 after serving just under three years, according to the Florida Department of Corrections database.
Don Spirit in 2001. (Florida Department of Corrections via Reuters)
The shooting took place in Bell, a rural town with about 450 residents that is not near much of anything. It is almost equally far from Orlando, Tampa, Jacksonville and Tallahassee, the state capital. The closest place of note is the University of Florida, which is about 40 miles southwest of where the shooting took place. Police on Thursday cordoned off a tree-lined dirt road leading to the house where the shooting occurred, a brutal spasm of violence that erupted in an otherwise quiet area.
The first sheriff’s deputy who arrived at the home spoke with Spirit before he killed himself, the sheriff’s office said. Police initially declined to say whether a gun was used, but the Gilchrist County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that “multiple victims with apparent gunshot wounds” were found inside the home where this occurred.
While the precise circumstances of this situation – a man allegedly shooting and killing his child and grandchildren in a horrific mass murder — are unusual, murders involving family members killing other family members are not terribly rare. At least 1 in 4 murder victims were killed by family members in 2011, according to the FBI’s Uniform Crime Report. (More than half of homicide victims that year were killed by someone they knew.) A fifth of people killed by family members were children, a  Justice Department report  studying homicide trends between 1980 and 2008 found.
Still, the exact details about what happened in this case were scarce. As Gov. Rick Scott came to the area and as children in Bell went back to schools filled with grief counselors, authorities were still warning that some things could never be fully known about what happened.
“There’s still a lot of unanswered questions that we have,” Schultz said during a news conference. “There’s going to be questions that we’re never going to get answered.”
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Multibillion dollar boon: Yahoo rakes in jackpot from Alibaba IPOE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jolla to launch its first Sailfish smartphone in India on September 23Sep 20, 2014 at 01:17pm IST
Jolla to launch its first Sailfish smartphone in India on September 23
14
6
New Delhi: Finnish smartphone maker Jolla is all set to launch its first Sailfish smartphone in Indian on September 23, Tuesday. The company will unveil the device at its press event on Tuesday in New Delhi. Jolla has entered into a partnership with Indian e-commerce web site Snapdeal to sell the device in India.
The new Jolla smartphone with its distinct button-less design, Sailfish OS gesture-based user experience, and Android application compatibility will be available in India exclusively on Snapdeal.com.
The Rs 28,000 (349 Euro) phone will come with a 4.5-inch display and an 8 megapixel camera. It is powered by a dual-core processor and has 16GB of onboard storage. The company has not yet revealed its price for the Indian market, and we expect it to be announced on September 23.
The upcoming Jolla phone will come with a 4.5-inch display and an 8 megapixel camera. It is powered by a dual-core processor and has 16GB of onboard storage.
#jolla #sailfish #smartphone #snapdeal
Another highlight of the Jolla is that it is Android apps compatible, which means that users will be able to run their favourite Android apps in addition Sailfish apps on their Jolla phone.
"India is the rising smartphone market of the world and we look forward to welcoming many new Jolla fans across the country," said Sami Pienimaki, co-founder of Jolla, in a statement.
Jolla is a Finnish startup, formed by former Nokia employees and using technology ditched by the handset maker. The startup, Jolla Ltd, will use MeeGo software, created by Nokia and Intel in 2010-2011, for its products.
Jolla is also being positioned as a button-less phone and instead users gestures to navigate.
(With inputs from agencies)

Arvind Kejriwal  three others put on trial in defamation casePrint
Arvind Kejriwal and three other accused were put on trial by the court after they did not plead guilty to the offence and claimed trial. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:31 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 3:33 pm
Former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, noted lawyer Prashant Bhushan and two others were today put on trial by a court here on charges of defamation in a complaint filed by ex-Telecom minister Kapil Sibal’s son Amit Sibal.
Metropolitan Magistrate Sunil Kumar Sharma framed charges against Kejriwal, Bhushan, Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Manish Sisodia and Shazia Ilmi, who has quit the party, under section 500 (defamation) of the IPC.
The four accused were put on trial by the court after they did not plead guilty to the offence and claimed trial.
The court has now fixed the matter for January 17, 2015 for recording of evidence.
The court had on July 24 last year summoned Kejriwal, Sisodia, Bhushan and Ilmi in the criminal defamation case filed by Amit, who is a senior lawyer.
Amit had alleged that AAP leaders had said that he had taken advantage of his father’s position to represent a telecom company in court cases here.
On April 15, the Supreme Court had declined to stay the proceedings in the case in the trial court and had said it can only expedite the hearing.

No new proposal from Sena  BJP says on seat-sharing rowComments
The Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) may have pledged to keep their alliance alive, amidst the seat-sharing row, but Saturday’s developments continued to threaten the country’s oldest alliance, with state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis objecting to the Sena’s revised offer.
Advertisement
Sources said, in a late night development, the BJP asked its district chiefs to be prepared for any outcome of the talks. The party has also identified candidates for all 288 Assembly seats if talks fail.
The Sena had earlier on Saturday proposed to give the BJP 126 seats, but only if nine of these seats are given to smaller allies. The Sena would keep 155 and give seven seats to ally Swabhimani Paksha.
“After giving away nine seats to allies, we will have only 117 seats for us,” Fadnavis said, after his meeting with Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray to discuss the seat sharing.
Earlier, Subhash Desai (the Sena leader who conveyed the offer to BJP) had asked Fadnavis to get in touch with Uddhav after thinking about the offer.
Sena leader Anil Desai - among the two leaders who conveyed the offer to the BJP at MP Poonam Mahajan’s residence - maintained there was no tension between the allies and expected the BJP to keep his party informed of the decision the BJP’s core committee takes. The core committee met twice on Saturday.
The core committee, however, was not happy with the Sena’s offer. Senior leaders even asked party high command to break the alliance, instead of facing consistent humiliation.
“Are we fools to accept this insane offer? Earlier they offered us 119, including a share for allies. The Sena must come down to 140 or else face break-up,” a leader told the core committee.
BJP’s state poll in-charge OP Mathur, who has been interacting with Sena leaders, including Thackeray’s son Aaditya, led a fresh round of talks on Friday night. The core committee has finalised a list of candidates to be approved by the high command.
 “Our central parliamentary board will meet in New Delhi on Sunday,” Mathur said.
Read: Seat-sharing row: Allies Shiv Sena, BJP try and hold on for now
BJP sources said their high command will take a decision only after the meeting between Fadnavis and Thackeray. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, his Cabinet colleague Nitin Gadkari and party president Amit Shah are monitoring the situation, they said.
Earlier this week, the Sena, with an eye on the chief minister’s post, refused to reduce its share from 169 (of 288) that it had in the 2009 polls. After offering the BJP 119 seats on Thursday, it revised the figure to 126, but with the rider of the nine seats.
 The BJP, however, insisted on 130 seats – five less than its earlier demand. It asked the Sena to come down to 140 seats and distribute the remaining 18 between four other allies. The BJP’s demand is based on the results of the Lok Sabha polls in May, where it won 23 seats and the Sena, 18.
The BJP has also been citing the fact that there are 59 Assembly seats the Sena has never won.
Talks between the allies was about to collapse last week, after Thackeray questioned the impact of a Modi wave for the state polls. Thackeray will meet Sena’s district unit chiefs on Sunday, where he may speak on the ongoing tussle over seat-sharing.
Meanwhile, the Election Commission issued a notification for the Assembly polls on Saturday. The returning officers started accepting nominations from candidates and the last date for this is September 27.

Bilawal Bhutto s comments on Kashmir  irresponsible : BJPNow Showing: Masand reviews 'Happy Ending', 'Dumb And Dumber To'
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

India illustrious example of religious harmony: Dalai LamaPrint
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 7:10 pm
The Dalai Lama on Saturday offered India as a model of religious harmony and asked the heads of all the faiths to rise above dogmas to reach out to human beings.
“India is an illustrious example of human values and religious harmony. Positive human values and ethical principles have been cultivated here for thousands of years… It is the only country where all major religions live together; not only in modern times but over 1,000 years,” the Dalai Lama said here.
The Tibetan leader has brought together representatives of nine major religions for a two-day meeting of the diverse spiritual traditions of India.
He said conflicts around the world are created by the people themselves and it is they who would have to end it instead of seeking divine intervention. Any killing in the name of religion is condemnable and there is no justification for fights over faith, he added.
Referring to Islamist terrorists engaging in violence in the name of jihad, he said that the concept of jihad was being “misused” by them as he had learnt that the holy term connoted a fight against one’s own impurities.
He said Indian Muslims can offer lessons in Sunni-Shia harmony as Shias, who are a minority sect of Islam, appear safer in India than in a Muslim country like Pakistan.
The Dalai Lama also expressed concern about violence in Myanmar, where Muslims have been targeted by radical Buddhist groups.
He said that the particular beliefs of the followers of a religion was a “private issue” and what was more important is for us to realise that we depend on others for our survival and therefore should build relations of trust and harmony.
The inter-faith conclave was earlier scheduled to start from Friday, organisers said, but was postponed by a day in view with Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India. The Chinese leader left yesterday.

Himachal Govts decision to waive mandatory clearences for hydro-power projects raises questionsThe move is a complete U-turn by the government on its earlier decision to involve locals users of water and other right holders in sanctioning new hydro-power schemes. (Source: Ashwani Sharma)
Written by Ashwani Sharma | Shimla | Posted: September 20, 2014 6:51 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 7:16 pm
To fast-track hydro-power generation, Himachal Pradesh government seems to have compromised with major socio-ecological issues by waiving mandatory clearances to do away with the process of public consultations.
The move is a complete U-turn by the government on its earlier decision to involve locals users of water and other right holders in sanctioning new hydro-power schemes. It’s more seen as a short-cut measure instead of expediting the process for granting NOCs (No-Objection certificates) to the power producers, of which 70 percent are private investors. Himachal Pradesh has a power potential of 27,000 MW of which only 10,000 MW has been tapped so far.
The power producers had been alleging delays in grant of sanctions and department NOCs, compelling the government to remove the clause of NOCs.
For any project coming up in Himachal, the investors will not be required to get NOCs of Public Works Department (PWD), Irrigation & Public Health department (IPH), Revenue, Fisheries and Wildlife. All the clearances which were earlier mandatory as per state government’s power policy, is now a bygone thing.
“Most of these clearances (NOCs) made mandatory to avoid legal disputes, deprivation of locals of their rights to use water for irrigation, drinking, washing and rearing cattle, besides protecting their rights to fishing, using roads, bridges and other village common lands. All the socio-ecological aspects are well protected under this policy. But, now the private lobby wants to take control of all natural resources. It’s a retrograde step,” claims retired IAS officer.
Exactly, three years back the BJP government shelved several big and small projects of 450 MW capacity in Himachal’s Tirthan valley in Kullu district because the fisheries department objected to the projects. A project sanctioned on Tirthan, a tributary of Beas river was canceled as locals had objections since the tributary was considered the best breeding place for trout fish. It was ensured that NOC from fisheries department is made mandatory. Five other projects in Kinnaur were also scrapped after reports about their adverse impact on ecology and rights of locals.
The state government move is bound to increase local’s conflict with project promoters and result in limitations delaying the projects execution. The government could have made the clearances a time-bound process instead of limiting the public’s say in the project’s.
“The concept across the world is to make public partners in the development and increase consultation process. I am surprised Virbhadra Singh government, which is already facing charges of corruption,nepotism and mal-governance, has compromised with the important process of clearances. The government is cheating the public and at the same time selling out our natural resources,” alleged former CM Prem Kumar Dhumal.
Some local and national Environmental groups have already written to state Chief Secretary raising strong objections against Himachal’s Hydropower Policy.
“These NOCs are critical because they recognise the fact that the Hydro continued…

Young Indian architect named leader of tomorrow by Time magazinePrint
Shetty is seeking government subsidies to bring the price down further for those who cannot afford the units. (Courtesy: Time.com)
Press Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 20, 2014 6:11 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 6:12 pm
A 28-year-old Indian architect has been named “young leader of tomorrow” by Time magazine for his pioneering work in designing affordable flood-proof houses for slum dwellers.
Alok Shetty is among “leaders of tomorrow” who are “working hard to change their worlds today,” Time said as it named six inspirational young persons in its first class of “next generation leaders”.
Time said Shetty is “building hope in India” as an architect who is “finding simple solutions to complex problems.”
Shetty, working with the Bangalore-based nonprofit Parinaam Foundation, is designing homes for hundreds of slum dwellers whose makeshift houses flood during the heavy rains and become breeding grounds for diseases like malaria.
He has been working in Bangalore’s LRDE slum, which lies next to one of the southern Indian city’s sprawling technology parks and is home to some 2,000 people.
Shetty, who studied Master’s in architecture at Columbia University, “came at the problem with an approach he brings to all of his projects — marrying smart design with a commitment to sustainability.”
He designed flood-proof houses, costing USD 300, out of discarded scaffolding, bamboo and wood. The houses are affordable and easy to set up as it takes only four hours to erect and dismantle them.
Shetty is seeking government subsidies to bring the price down further for those who cannot afford the units.
“Shetty epitomizes a growing breed of young leaders and entrepreneurs in India who are committed to finding solutions for a country undergoing rapid social and economic changes, some of which can leave India’s poorest straggling behind,” Time said.
Another venture by is a plan to boost access to healthcare and education in remote communities.
“In my travels I saw vast stretches of rural India where infrastructure for health care and education was severely underdeveloped,” he says in the Time report.
“Building facilities in these areas is not impossible but it is time-consuming. Adaptive architecture…can be an extremely effective solution to help address our developmental problems,” he said, adding that “often the simplest solutions are the best solutions.”
The list also includes Israeli social entrepreneur Adi Altschuler (27), China’s Zhao Bowen (22) who is working on improving medical testing and activist Ikram Ben Said (34) who founded ‘Aswat Nissa’ in Tunisia that is dedicated to women’s rights and the first to involve Tunisian women politicians.
Online music video mogul Jamal Edwards (24) is building an online music video empire and giving other
entrepreneurs a helping hand while British-Nigerian Ola Orekunrin (28) is the founder and managing director of Flying
Doctors Nigeria, the first emergency air ambulance service in the country.

Chinese incursions into India may have little to do with borderprint
Were it not for the lingering historical acrimony between the two countries, one could have mistaken Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping’s meeting this week for an unalloyed love-fest between two close friends. They smiled a lot, spoke the language of partnership, exchanged gifts, walked a riverfront and even shared a quiet dinner. There was also a promise of Chinese investments in India.
 
Even so, what remained by the time Xi left were not fond memories of a visit aimed to build bridges but unusual levels of tension and uncertainty along a disputed border where their soldiers stood eyeball to eyeball.
Read: Chinese troops return to Ladakh after retreat during Xi Jinping's visit
 
On a contested border stretch, an apparent incursion can sometimes be a matter of perception. The two countries have disputed their 3,500 km border, especially after a 1962 war in which China seized much of the Himalayan high ground that India sees as a strategic buffer against invaders. So, what one side views as a patrol along the Line of Actual Control (LAC), another side views as a violation, and vice versa.
 
But the frequency of Chinese border crossings betrays a pattern, one that has often been explained as a sign of a wider, growing territorial assertiveness by a country keen to alter the balance of global power.
 
Read: India, China in choppy waters over Indian Ocean dominance?
 
A calibrated escalation of the border dispute may, in reality, reflect Beijing's more deep-seated concern about a younger, restive generation of Tibetans growing up in India that their spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, does not control.
 
An analysis of military statistics shows a sudden spike in Chinese incursions from 2007, around the same time young, restless Tibetans began speaking out against the “middle path” of the Dalai Lama and sharpened their anti-China protests. This included groups asking for an armed insurrection inside Tibet.
 
Chinese cross-border forays almost doubled from 140 in 2006 to 270 in 2008 and have since kept that level.
 
For a government already saddled with unrest by Uighurs in Muslim-dominated Xinjiang province, the possibility, however remote, of a Tibetan insurgency is clearly unsettling. 
 
Add to that the fears that a new generation of belligerent Tibetan exiles could become a bargaining chip for India.
 
Clearly for China, India has kept the Tibetan culture and political identity alive by sheltering the Dalai Lama, who was the bone of contention that led to the 1962 war.

Asian Games 2014: Jitu Rai bags India s first goldIndia bag 1 gold, 1 bronze on 1st day of Asian Games
Agencies
Incheon, South Korea, September 20, 2014
First Published: 10:36 IST(20/9/2014)
print
New shooting sensation Jitu Rai provided the first gold medal, while Shweta Chaudhry clinched a bronze as India launched their campaign in the 17th Asian Games with two medals on the opening day of the competitions in Incheon, South Korea on Saturday.
While Jitu struck gold in the 50m pistol event, Shweta's bronze came in the 10m air pistol competition at the Ongnyeon Shooting Range in Incheon but medal aspirants Heena Sidhu and Malaika Goel turned out to be disappointments as they failed to even reach the finals.
It was a reasonably good start for the Indian contingent, bagging a gold on the very first day of the Games, considered to be the second biggest after the Olympics.
Jitu Rai (L) celebrates with a team official after winning the men's 50m pistol individual final of the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea. (AFP Photo)
While the shooters stole the limelight, athletes in other sports also began their campaign on a bitter-sweet note.
Star shuttlers Saina Nehwal and PV Sindhu hammered their respective rivals in straight games as India clinched a 3-0 triumph over Macau China to enter the women's team event quarter-finals.
However, the men's team was outplayed by South Korea 0-3. K Srikanth and Commonwealth Games gold-medallist Parupalli Kashyap went down in contrasting fashions while the doubles team of Sumeeth Reddy and Manu Attri also failed to come good.
The Indian women's tennis team was also off to a winning start as it blanked Oman 3-0 in the first round.
Prarthana Gulabrao Thombare and Ankita Raina notched up contrasting singles victories before the pairing of Natasha Marie Anne Palha and Rishika Sunkara was handed a walkover in the doubles match.
But the star of the early proceedings was undoubtedly armyman Jitu. The 27-year-old showed steely grit to get the better of a strong field, which included two-time Olympic champion Jin Jongoh of South Korea, to snatch the gold off the final shot in a straight duel with Vietnamese rival Nguyen Hoang Phuong.
Read: Jitu Rai does Army Marksmanship Unit proud
The Vietnamese, in fact, was leading the Indian ace, who had recently won the gold at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games and a silver at the Granada World Championships going into this competition. But the Indian clinched the issue on the last shot.
Jitu shot 8.4 after his rival had fumbled with a poor 5.8 to win the gold with an overall tally of 186.2, as compared to Nguyen's 183.4.
This was Jitu's sixth medal on the trot in international competitions this year.
The bronze was clinched by China's Wang Zhiwei (165.6).
Jitu thus became only the second Indian pistol shooter to clinch an Asian Games title after Jaspal Rana and the fourth shooter overall after shotgun experts Randhir Singh in 1978 and Ronjan Sodhi in 2010.
However, the Indian men's team finished fourth with Jitu's teammates Om Prakash (555) and Onkar Singh (551) ending up 10th and 16th respectively.
Earlier, Shweta, competing with a gun she was not used to as her own gun had been held back by the Korean Customs, secured the bronze medal in the 10m range in air pistol with a total tally of 176.4 behind champion Zhang Mengyuan of China (202.2) and runner-up Jung Jeehae of South Korea (201.3).
Shweta's teammates Heena Sidhu (378) and Malaika Goel (373) ended up 13th and 24th respectively while the trio as a team got the fifth spot from among 14 teams.
Shweta defied odds, a travel-weary schedule and absence of her regular weapon to provide India with their first medal.
The 28-year-old had to eliminate a rival through a shoot-off to ensure the bronze in the women's 10m air pistol event.
Having qualified for the eight-strong final list with a total score of 383 even as her more fancied teammate Heena Sidhu got eliminated, Shweta showed exemplary poise to fight her way back.
She managed to stave off early elimination by being the third best after the first eight shots, recovering from sixth position. She had a poor 8.4 when the last four shooters were standing which forced a play-off with China's Guo Wenjun to decide who remains in the competition.
Shweta was leading Guo 138.3 to 137.9 when she became nervous and a poor mark of 8.4 followed to force the shoot-off in which she shot 10.7 while her Chinese rival came up with only 10.0 to be eliminated.
In the badminton event, Saina opened the proceedings for the team and hardly broke a sweat before thrashing Kit Ieng Wong 21-6 21-4 in just 21 minutes.

Unity and integrity of India is non-negotiable: Modi government s terse reply to Bilawal Bhutto on Kashmir26
0
New Delhi: India on Saturday gave a terse reply to Bilawal Bhutto, son of Benazir Bhutto, the former slain prime minister of Pakistan, after he claimed that he will "take back Kashmir" from India.
"The integrity and unity of India is non-negotiable. We are in the process of looking forward, but it doesn't mean our borders will be changed," the Ministry of External Affairs said in a statement.
Bilawal, who is the Chairman of the Pakistan People's Party which officially wants good ties with India, made the remarks during a rally in Pakistan's Punjab.
#bilawal bhutto #pakistan #kashmir #congress
"I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan," said the 25-year-old Bhutto scion.
Bilawal was flanked by former Pakistan prime ministers Yousaf Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Asharaf when he made the remarks.
The BJP and the Congress have been quick to hit back.
"The remarks by Bilawal Bhutto are extremely irresponsible. Pakistan has no say in Kashmir. Kashmir is an unbreakable part of India. In fact, the part which has been occupied by Pakistan also belongs to India. We stand united on Kashmir," BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said.
The Congress, too, made its stand unequivocal. "Jammu and Kashmir is an unbreakable and undivided part of India. Some parts are under problem. So saying that Kashmir has anything to do with Pakistan is entirely wrong," party leader Sandeep Dikshit said.
Bilawal has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018. His mother Benazir was twice elected as prime minister while his maternal grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, who founded the PPP in 1967, also served as prime minister in 1970s.
Bilawal's father Asif Ali Zardari was Pakistan's president from 2008 to 2013.
With additional information from PTI
68

Sushma to interact with over 100 foreign ministers in New YorkSushma to interact with over 100 foreign ministers in New York
Standoff worsens as another Chinese intrusion takes place in Chumar regionThe Army, which had started scaling down operations from the area following the Chinese withdrawal Thursday night, put a halt and again started pitching their tents bracing themselves for a possible stand-off, the sources said.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 7:31 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 7:58 pm
The standoff in Chumar region in Ladakh worsened on Saturday after a second intrusion by Chinese army personnel in two days was reported at another point after they had withdrawn from the same area.
Around 50 personnel of People’s Liberation Army(PLA) arrived in nine vehicles at Point 30R and they were in addition to the 35-odd personnel who were already camping at a hillock in the Chumar area itself, official sources said. Chumar is located 300 km Northeast of Ladakh. The Chinese soldiers immediately alighted from the vehicles and positioned themselves barely 100 metres away from the Indian Army, which had decided not to withdraw completely from the region even after the Chinese PLA had returned on their own to their side on Thursday night, the sources said.
Also read: Hours after Modi-Xi meet, Chinese troops withdraw from Indian territory 
The 30-R post in Chumar has been frequented by PLA often as Indian Army has kept an observation post which dominates the Line of Actual Control(LAC) and gives advantage to India in keeping a vigil on the Chinese activity deep across the border.
The 35-odd PLA men, who had returned yesterday morning at a different point in Chumar after going back the previous night, continued their stay for the second consecutive day today. The Chinese helicopters were air dropping food packets for its soldiers but had not violated the air space till now, the sources said.
Read: India, China sign off: Strategic goal is to fix our border early
The Army, which had started scaling down operations from the area following the Chinese withdrawal Thursday night, put a halt and again started pitching their tents bracing themselves for a possible stand-off, the sources said.
The tension in this area erupted on Sunday when some of the Chinese workers, who were constructing road on their side, started entering into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build road upto Tible, five km deep into the Indian territory.
The Indian army asked the Chinese workers to leave as otherwise they would face prosecution under Indian laws for entering the country illegally.
The 30-R post in Chumar has been frequented by PLA often

Bilawal Bhutto s Kashmir comment  immature    childish : BJPBilawal Bhutto s Kashmir comment  immature    childish : BJP
Implementation of goods & services tax by April 2015 feasible: GovtImplementation of goods & services tax by April 2015 feasible: Govt
Xi s Asia trip new chapter for China s diplomacy: MinisterXi s Asia trip new chapter for China s diplomacy: Minister
I am not a big investor like you to buy in bulk .my pockets are only d...Gold Member
46 Followers
My experience in market is only 10 years and not from 1987 like your`s. But what I learned in this short period is , Liquidity is a function of Investor interest and investor interest is directly related with company`s working performance. If company`s working performance improve more and more people will be attracted towards a stock and liquidity will increase automatically.So I like to BUY when one stock is not in lime light and trading with low liquidity and SELL when more people attracted towards it when its business grows.
8.41 PM Sep 20th

Morpen lab apne fd holder ko unki amount kab vaps kar rahi hai. this i...Gold Member
255 Followers
Reposted about 62 days 17 hrs 26 min 40 sec ago by elayaravi and 1 others
1. Morepen facilities/plants are situated in one of the most scenic, beautiful and serene surroundings on the foothills of Himalayas
2. Loratadine has been a major source for the API business. Other contributors are Montelukast, Atorvastatin, Sultamicillin, etc
3. In OTC product catrgory, `Dr Morepen` is a well established and positioned brand. The range of products are Isabgol, C-Sip, Burnol, Lemolate, etc
MY TAKE
Morepen laboratories is a major turn-around story. This company got a fresh lease of life; courtesy CDR in the year 2006. The company was one of the early entrants into the pharma business. Despite having a good business plan, good set of products, early establishment of various brands; the company lost its way some time around the years of 2002-04. Everything that could go wrong, went wrong for them. The situation of the company went from bad to worse to dire.The stock price collapsed from a high of 1200 rs (FV 10) and went downhill for almost a decade to a low of 2 rs (FV 2).
Then the turnaround started. The company went for a CDR. The Debt Restructuring Scheme was approved by the CDR cell in June 2006. Since the CDR commencement and progress in the year 2007; the company has painstakingly undertaken several steps in the right direction. In a slow and steady journey, the recovery and revival of the company appears to be taking place in a sustained manner. The worst seems to be over. The future looks to be bright and vibrant for the company. It has all the ingredients and traits to make a successful and profitable pharma company.
Hence a potential multibagger!!

Bro  that is why i told need to have the ability to guage the entry an...243 Followers
Reposted about 61 days 18 hrs 20 min 49 sec ago by Anu & Ani
I do invest in stocks for the short term. But even when i invest, i make sure that i dont buy trash stocks like Avance and Tanla.
Dear friend, i have seen so many stocks like Tanla and Avance going up during the bull run and then crashing and burning. Here are 2 examples that you can research
a) Paramount communication - Went from Rs 6 to Rs400 (FV 10) and not back to Rs4 (FV 2). During the past bull run, the promoter painted very rosy pictures of their businesses doing well and how they were going to ramp up revenues.
b) Asian electronics - Went from Rs 4 to Rs 450 and not at Rs 4 (Fv 10). The promoters fooled their investors in thinking that they had developed a new technology to generate oil from plastics !!
Many small investors were caught in such stocks. In a bull market, operators will play the pump and Dump game. Low value stocks will be pumped to higher levels. Regular news flows will keep the small investors attracted to the counter.
When the pump and dump operation is over, small investors will be left holding trash stocks. Lifes will be destroyed.
How to avoid all this heart ache ? Invest in fundamentally strong stocks with solid promoters.
If you play with fire, you will get burned. What have you expressed in your post is a typical "gambler`s mentality". The gambler gambles with a small amount, he wins a small amount. Then the gambler gets bolder, he invests a little more and he still wins a bigger amount.
He thinks that he is the best gambler in the universe. He starts becoming reckless and starts taking big risks. Finally, he loses everything.
This is exactly what happens in a bull market.
So dont get too confident about some penny trash stocks moving up. You are unwittingly getting trapped in a pump and dump operation.

@prashant  i dpnt have any idea of upl. instead buy wonderla. tgt 370-...Platinum Member
113 Followers
@Prashant, I dpnt have any idea of upl. instead buy wonderla. tgt 370-380, sl 305. cmp 317. i have been trading in wonderla since sometime. its downside is over. u can buy that on monday.
8.03 PM Sep 20th

And So There Must Come an Endreddit
Charlotte has blogged on The Huffington Post UK since 2013 and sadly passed away on Tuesday 16 September from bowel cancer. She wrote one final post that she wished to share with all of her readers. We are honoured to offer it to you here.
I've always been a good planner. I like lists and tick sheets, to-do notes and objectives. I'm very good at starting things, but honestly, I am also easily bored and quickly lose interest once the original excitement passes.
I haven't had the luxury of being allowed to be bored of having cancer. It isn't something you can just give up if you don't fancy doing it that day. There isn't a switch you can chose to turn off one day from the next. At least not for me. From my first day as a cancer patient, I have attended every test, scan and appointment. I have tried every treatment offered, from the standard medical therapies, to eating oiled cottage cheese, having acupuncture and juicing kale. Cancer has become our life. Holidays, haircuts and helicopter lessons have all been timed around good or bad chemo weekends. Danny and Lu, unwittingly as innocent by-standers have had their childhoods protected but also dictated by my various regimes. This is all they have ever known and, I hope, have still managed to turn out to be pretty good, well-rounded, loved and treasured children.
The innocence that we have protected them from has now had to be revealed. Following my birthday, I started to feel 'unwell'. We 'popped' to hospital where the usual set of tests were carried out. Unfortunately, when combined with a recent scan, the results were nothing short of devastating. We were no longer looking at a month by month action plan with a couple of months buffer at the end. I was given days, perhaps a couple of weeks to live. I wasn't expected to leave the hospital, but somehow, have managed to pull it out of the bag at the last moment and return home, to spend what little time I have with my darling children and loving husband.
As I write this, I am sat on the sofa, relatively pain-free and busy doing my little projects, sorting out the funeral and selling my car. We wake up every morning, grateful I can have a cuddle and kiss my babies.
As you read this, I will no longer be here. Rich will be trying to put one foot in front of the other, to get by, a day at a time, knowing I will no longer awake next to him. He will see me in the luxury of a dream, but in the harsh morning sun, the bed will be empty. He will get two cups from the cupboard, but realise there is only one coffee to make. Lucy will need someone to reach for her hairband box, but there won't be anyone to plait her hair. Danny will have lost one of his Lego policeman, but no one will know exactly which one it is or where to look. You will look for the latest update on the blog. There won't be one, this is the final chapter.
And so I leave a gaping, unjust, cruel and pointless hole, not just in Halliford Road, but in all the homes, thoughts and memories of other loved ones, friends and families. For that I am sorry. I would love to still be with you, laughing, eating my weird and latest miracle food, chatting rubbish 'Charleyisms'. I have so much life I still want to live, but know I won't have that. I want to be there for my friends as they move with their lives, see my children grow up and become old and grumpy with Rich. All these things are to be denied of me.
But, they are not to be denied of you. So, in my absence, please, please, enjoy life. Take it by both hands, grab it, shake it and believe in every second of it. Adore your children. You have literally no idea how blessed you are to shout at them in the morning to hurry up and clean their teeth.
Embrace your loved one and if they cannot embrace you back, find someone who will. Everyone deserves to love and be loved in return. Don't settle for less. Find a job you enjoy, but don't become a slave to it.  You will not have 'I wish I'd worked more' on your headstone. Dance, laugh and eat with your friends. True, honest, strong friendships are an utter blessing and a choice we get to make, rather than have to share a loyalty with because there happens to be link through blood. Choose wisely then treasure them with all the love you can muster. Surround yourself with beautiful things. Life has a lot of grey and sadness - look for that rainbow and frame it. There is beauty in everything, sometimes you just have to look a little harder to see it.
So, that's it from me. Thank you so much for the love and kindness you've shown in your own little ways over the last 36 years. From the mean girls in the playing fields who pushed me into the stinging nettles aged six to the bereaved husbands who in the last week have told me what their wives did to help prepare their young children and everyone in between. They and you have all, in some small way helped me become the person I have been.
Please, now use that love for me and pass it to Rich, my children, family and close friends. And when you close your curtains tonight, look out for a star, it will be me, looking down, sipping a pina colada, enjoying a box of (very expensive) chocolates.
Good night, Good bye and God bless.
Charley xx
You can donate in Charley's memory here: Charlotte's Star Of Hope Fund. UK users can also Text GUTS78 £5 to 70070
You can also read her husband Richard's tribute to Charley here .
Follow Charlotte Kitley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/charlottekitley
More:

Invest in india gelatine which will give you returns in multifold like...Silver Member
11 Followers
Invest in INDIA GELATINE which will give you returns in multifold like infosys and wipro.it has given 3 bonuses, huge cash reserve, zero debt company, low equity.Bonus is due.
8.57 AM Sep 18th  | Track

Indices witness see-saw trade  TCS gains over 2%Market update: Sensex falls over 21 points, Nifty gains over 6 points
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 17:25 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The 30 scrip sensitive index (Sensex) on Friday erased early gains to end 21.79 points down on losses in capital goods, oil & gas, and realty shares but recent gains helped the benchmark log its sixth week of gains, the longest in over two years.
After opening in the positive zone at 27,139.39, the Sensex surged to touch the day's high of 27,247.17 on continued buying by foreign funds and retail investors on positive domestic and global cues.
However, late selling at improved levels wiped off initial gains to close 21.79 points, or 0.08 per cent, down at 27,090.42. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 27,047.68.
The gauge rallied 619.70 points in previous two sessions on the back of rising optimism over trade ties with China and Fed's continued pledge to retain rates at low levels.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex gained 29.37 points as it registered its sixth straight week of rise. The 50-share NSE Nifty index managed to close in positive zone with a marginal gain of 6.70 points, or 0.08 per cent, at 8,121.45 as TCS, Lupin, Maruti Suzuki, Tata Steel, Axis Bank and Cipla stocks gained. The barometer moved between 8,160.90 and 8,105.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Sentiments turned somewhat weak and early gains were pared after participants preferred to book profits in recent gainers at prevailing higher levels, equity brokers said.
Profit-booking in bluechips at current levels, brought Sensex down, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based broker. Overall, 13 constituents of 30-share Sensex like L&T, HeroMoto Corp , Hindustan Unilever, Mahindra and Mahindra, ONGC, SBI, Tata Motors, RIL and BHEL fell while 17 others rose.
Shares of Tata Steel and TCS caught buyers' fancy after Moody's on Thursday upgraded ratings of Tata Group firms.
Sectorally, the BSE Capital Goods index suffered the most by falling 1.89, followed by the Oil & Gas index that fell 1.22 per cent, Realty index 0.81 per cent, Auto index 0.70 per cent, Metal index 0.50 per cent, FMCG index by 0.40 per cent and Power index 0.40 per cent.
Bucking the trend, small-cap and mid-cap indices rose 0.63 and 0.04 per cent. Globally, other Asian markets ended higher and European markets were in better form.
(Reuters)

Ryan Zimmerman to be activated SaturdayBy James Wagner September 19 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Ryan Zimmerman (Alex Brandon/Associated Press)
Ryan Zimmerman played in his final intrasquad game in Viera, Fla., on Friday — seven innings in left field with “lots of action out there,” Manager Matt Williams said — and the veteran is expected to rejoin the team in Miami and be activated Saturday.
“He’s answered every question down there,” Williams said about Zimmerman and his right hamstring. It was unclear if Zimmerman would be given Saturday off or if he will be play against the Marlins.
Zimmerman has been out since suffering a torn hamstring July 22 and has missed 55 games. He has been in Viera all week, gradually increasing his playing time. Because they are intrasquad games, the Nationals have been able to adjust the conditions for Zimmerman. He went 3 for 8 on Friday with a home run, his best day of timing at the plate, and has probably taken about 30 at-bats in four games.
The next game he plays, Williams said, will be in the majors. Zimmerman is essentially in spring training mode and may need days to work on more strengthening and stretching. But Williams made clear again Friday afternoon that Zimmerman needs to play and will, all over the field.
“I’m sure he’ll play third,” Williams said. “I’m sure he’ll play first and left. He’ll come off the bench some probably, too. If we get an opportunity, and he’s not playing that day, we can get him at-bat.”
The Nationals are in an ideal time for Zimmerman to return. The Nationals want to secure the top overall seed in the National League but Williams also wants to stagger rest for players over the final 10 games. Although Williams will have to juggle playing time, he likened adding Zimmerman to a trade for a proven hitter. “Overall, it’s a really good problem,” Williams said.
Zimmerman could spell Adam LaRoche at first base, Anthony Rendon at third and Bryce Harper in left. Zimmerman has missed nearly two months so his timing will undoubtedly not be as sharp as his teammates’. Williams has said he would like Zimmerman on the postseason roster but his status will hinge on how he plays and looks over the final week and a half of the season.
“It’s really reliant, and how he is able to go first to third or first to home is really important, and in what role he will be used in,” Williams said. “We have no idea who we’re going to play or when or how at this point but we just know that he’s a guy that we want on our roster and he’s a run producer and his presence in the lineup means a great deal.”
Simply to have the team whole again will be a lift. Zimmerman is the longest tenured Nationals player.
“He missed the celebration, which is too bad,” Williams said. “But that just shows commitment by him to be ready to play and wanting to come back and participate and help us win. It’d be nice to have him here. He’s a big part of this club and has been for a long time.”
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

Engineers want CM to intervene on UPPCL dec...You are here: Home > Collections > Intervention
Power Engineers seek Akhilesh Yadav's intervention on UPPCL decision to allow coal exports to firms
PTI Sep 20, 2014, 05.33PM IST
Tags:
Akhilesh Yadav
(Shailendra Dubey and General…)
LUCKNOW: Terming Uttar Pradesh's power utility UPPCL's decision to allow coal export to two private firms as "wrong", Power Engineers Associations have sought immediate intervention by Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav .
Raising questions on coal export and procuring it from the open market, Chairman of All India Power Engineers Federation Shailendra Dubey and General Secretary of Uttar Pradesh Power Corp Ltd ( UPPCL ) Engineers Association D C Dixit said that it would hike power rates by 50 to 60 paise per unit, which would be ultimately be realised from the consumers.
The organisations have demanded the CM to intervene immediately.
FEATURED ARTICLES

al-Qaeda trying to enter Assam: Gogoial-Qaeda trying to enter Assam: Gogoi
PTI
Tweet
Guwahati, Sept 20:  
Days after al-Qaeda issued a video threatening to carry out its campaign in India, Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi today said the terror group is trying to set up base in the State and has “tacit understanding” with ULFA.
“We have got some information that al-Qaeda is trying to gain access to Assam. We have taken steps to prevent any such development and asked all concerned to remain cautious,” Gogoi told a press conference here.
The global terrorist outfit had earlier too tried to set up links in the North-East and Assam in association with insurgent groups here but failed to do so, he said.
Asked specifically if al-Qaeda has any link with the banned ULFA, Gogoi said, “I think they have links. Even if there is no direct link as of now, they have tacit understanding ... They never criticise each other.”
The Chief Minister said security forces have received intelligence reports that there are possibilities of some incidents during the forthcoming Durga Puja.
Asked if repeated violence in Bodoland Territorial Area Districts and other parts of the State, where primarily one community has been affected in recent years, is to be blamed for Islamic fundamentalist groups like al-Qaeda’s possible entry to Assam, Gogoi said: “These are in any case disturbing factors. These incidents help them.”
Earlier this week, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had said Indian Muslims will live and die for the country and would not dance to the tune of al-Qaeda.
On September 4, the Centre had sounded a country-wide alert after an al-Qaeda video surfaced, in which the terror outfit threatened to carry out campaign in India and the initial assessment of Intelligence Bureau found the tape to be genuine.
The US media and intelligence agencies had said al-Qaeda has established a new branch to wage ‘jihad’ in India, return the Islamic rule and impose sharia in the Indian sub-continent.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Rains throw life out of gear in PatnaRains throw life out of gear in Patna
PTI
Patna, Sept 20:  
Life has been thrown out of gear in Patna due to waterlogging following heavy rains.
Many localities of the State Capital, including Rajendranagar, Kadam Kuan, Kanderbagh and Patliputra colony, remained under water even today, city officials said.
With water overtopping tracks in Patna junction, many trains were running late, Chief Public Relations Officer (CPRO) East Central Railway (ECR) Arvind Kumar Rajak told PTI.
According to state Met office, 92.6 mm rains were recorded till last night.
Barely within a month when water was pumped out in many areas of the capital after strong concerns raised by the Patna High Court, many areas of the Capital town have again plunged into crisis.
Passengers, who have to catch trains are a harrowed lot, as areas outside the Patna Junction are witnessing waist deep water.
Reporters moving around the city saw Kadam Kuan police station under water, while Moin-ul-Haque stadium in Rajendra nagar resembled a lake.
Citizens were forced to remain inside their homes in Kadam Kuan, Rajendra Nagar and Kankarbagh.
Urban Development Minister Samrat Chaudhary visited the pump house in Saidpur locality to supervise the pumping out of water.
Traffic was held up in all prominent roads of the Capital. Some school students were seen standing in knee-deep water waiting for their school bus near the stadium in Rajendra Nagar locality.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Palestines participation in 2014 Asian Games is national and politicalbattleThe Palestine contingent in the Games' opening ceremony at Incheon. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Incheon | Posted: September 20, 2014 7:47 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 7:53 pm
The head of the Palestinian Olympic Committee told Saturday of the “battle” to get to the Asian Games just weeks after a brutal 50-day war in Gaza.
Jibril Al Rajoub said that 37 sports officials and journalists had died in the beleaguered strip during the conflict between Israel and Hamas.
Al Rajoub told AFP that three of the dead were sportsmen in Gaza.
“Our participation in Incheon is a national and political battle,” he said.
“Even although the Palestinian people are living in circumstances that limit their movement inside Palestine and outside also, and financial difficulties we are facing, we were able to take part in this Asian Games with 80 sportsmen, including seven women, in 12 disciplines,” the official said.
He praised the men’s football side which has won its first two games and sits top of its group.
The Palestinians have defeated Tajikistan and Oman, 2-1 and 2-0 respectively.
“Our football team is almost through to the second round,” al Rajoub enthused. “This is a big achievement for Palestinian sports and an excellent sign of our participation.
“All our players are under 22 with no one from the first team, which has already qualified for the Asian Cup in Australia,” in January, he added.
“But I’m sure that after the good performance here, some of the players will join the Asian finals.
“I feel that we have a good improvement in football and this comes after our achievement in the AFC Challenge Cup,” which the Palestinian side won, qualifying for the Asian Cup.
The Israeli-Hamas war ended with a truce on August 26. More than 2,140 Palestinians, most of them civilians, and 73 Israelis, mostly soldiers, were killed.
Our participation in Incheon is a national and political battle

NATO reviews ties with Russia as new truce reached inUkraineAlexander Zakharchenko, the leader of pro-Russian rebels in Donetsk, speaks to the media after peace talks in Ukraine in Minsk, Belarus, early Saturday, Sept. 20, 2014. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Vilnius | Posted: September 20, 2014 7:27 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 7:31 pm
NATO’s top military commanders are meeting in Lithuania Saturday to discuss relations with Russia as the warring sides in Ukraine agreed to pull back troops under a new peace plan reached overnight in Belarus.
General Knud Bartels, who chairs NATO’s Military Committee, said defence chiefs from the 28 nation alliance are set to review “future relationship with Russia and NATO’s military posture”.
“Central to our discussions will be the development and implementation of the alliance readiness action plan,” the Danish general said, referring to the new initiative which includes rotating troops and equipment through facilities in Eastern Europe.
The meeting will also cover NATO’s mission in Afghanistan and the situation in the Middle East, including the “pressing threat” from the Islamic State jihadists in Iraq and Syria, he added.
The military talks in Lithuania’s capital Vilnius focused on defending NATO’s eastern flank come just two weeks after NATO announced a new rapid reaction force at a key summit in Wales.
Lithuania said the new measures will also include regional “command and control” centres in the Baltic states and Poland.
These countries were formerly behind the Iron Curtain and are concerned about Russia’s territorial ambitions in the wake of the Crimea annexation and the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Addressing the generals, including NATO top commander General Philip Breedlove, Lithuanian President Dalia Grybrauskaite today insisted the alliance needed to present “a clear deterrence” and that time was of the essence.
“We understand that unpreparedness cannot be our strategic weakness…. Security environment has essentially changed already half a year ago,” she said.
The NATO talks started hours after negotiators representing Kiev and Ukraine’s pro-Russian separatists signed a new nine-point deal  which includes creating a buffer zone in eastern Ukraine.
Face-to-face talk in the Belarussian capital of Minsk, less than 200 kilometers (124 miles) from Vilnius, ended with an agreement to pull back troops by 15 kilometers from current frontlines and to allow in OSCE pan-European security monitors to make sure the truce holds.
The West accuses Russia of supplying weapons to pro-Kremlin separatists battling Kiev government forces in eastern Ukraine but Moscow has repeatedly denied the allegations.

India illustrious example of religious harmony: DalaiLamaPrint
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 7:10 pm
The Dalai Lama on Saturday offered India as a model of religious harmony and asked the heads of all the faiths to rise above dogmas to reach out to human beings.
“India is an illustrious example of human values and religious harmony. Positive human values and ethical principles have been cultivated here for thousands of years… It is the only country where all major religions live together; not only in modern times but over 1,000 years,” the Dalai Lama said here.
The Tibetan leader has brought together representatives of nine major religions for a two-day meeting of the diverse spiritual traditions of India.
He said conflicts around the world are created by the people themselves and it is they who would have to end it instead of seeking divine intervention. Any killing in the name of religion is condemnable and there is no justification for fights over faith, he added.
Referring to Islamist terrorists engaging in violence in the name of jihad, he said that the concept of jihad was being “misused” by them as he had learnt that the holy term connoted a fight against one’s own impurities.
He said Indian Muslims can offer lessons in Sunni-Shia harmony as Shias, who are a minority sect of Islam, appear safer in India than in a Muslim country like Pakistan.
The Dalai Lama also expressed concern about violence in Myanmar, where Muslims have been targeted by radical Buddhist groups.
He said that the particular beliefs of the followers of a religion was a “private issue” and what was more important is for us to realise that we depend on others for our survival and therefore should build relations of trust and harmony.
The inter-faith conclave was earlier scheduled to start from Friday, organisers said, but was postponed by a day in view with Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India. The Chinese leader left yesterday.

Kurds head to Syria from Turkey to fight ISUpdated: September 20, 2014 20:20 IST
Kurds head to Syria from Turkey to fight IS
AP
AP On Saturday, hundreds of Kurdish fighters crossed from Turkey into neighboring Syria to defend a Kurdish area under attack by Islamic State militants. File photo shows a group of armed Kurdish fighters.
TOPICS
law enforcement
Hundreds of Kurdish fighters have crossed from Turkey into neighbouring Syria to defend a Kurdish area under attack by Islamic State militants, activists said on Saturday. Fighting there led another prominent Kurdish official to appeal for international assistance in their battle against the extremists.
The movement of hundreds of Kurdish fighters into Syria reflected the ferocity of the fighting in the northern Kobani area, which borders Turkey. Militants of the extremist Islamic State group have been barreling through the area over the past three days, seizing villages and forcing tens of thousands of Syrian Kurds to flee.
“Kobani is facing the fiercest and most barbaric attack in its history,” said official Mohammed Saleh Muslim, head of Syria’s powerful Kurdish Democratic Union. The groups’ members dominate the Syrian Kurdish group known as the YPK, which is fighting the Islamic State militants.
“Kobani calls on all those who defend humane and democratic values ... to stand by Kobani and support it immediately. The coming hours are decisive,” he said in a message sent to reporters.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Kurdish official Nawaf Khalil said that the fighters were streaming into the Kobani. The Observatory, which obtains its information from a network of activists on the ground, estimated their numbers in the hundreds.
Syrian Kurdish fighters had been successfully fighting off the militants for the past two years. They even clashed with the Islamic State group’s fighters in northern Iraq, carving a safe passage for thousands of embattled Iraqis of the Yazidi minority, whom the militant group sees as apostates.
But the tide changed in September. Islamic State group fighters, using weapons and armor seized from Iraqi soldiers who fled the militants’ advance in June, are now sweeping through the Kobani area.
As the fighting continued, Khalil said Kurdish fighters had evacuated several other villages preemptively to ensure the safety of residents. At least 45,000 Syrian Kurds had crossed into Turkey since Friday, Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus said.
“Some of our brothers are being placed with their relatives, some are being taken to local schools and state facilities, others are being hosted in tents,” Mr. Kurtulmus said.
On Friday, the president of Iraq’s largely autonomous Kurdish region, Masoud Barzani, warned that the Islamic State group’s attacks on the Kobani area in northern Syria “threaten the whole entirety of the Kurdish nation and it has targeted the honour, dignity and existence of our people.”
Ethnic Kurds dominate a mountainous region that straddles Iran, Iraq, Syria and Turkey.
The battle over Kobani is part of a long-running fight between the Islamic State group and Syria’s Kurds that has raged across several areas of northern Syria where large numbers of Kurds live. The clashes are but one aspect of Syria’s broader civil war a multilayered conflict that the U.N. says has killed more than 190,000.

The real reason why Chinese incursions continue into Indiaprint
Were it not for the lingering historical acrimony between the two countries, one could have mistaken Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping’s meeting this week for an unalloyed love-fest between two close friends. They smiled a lot, spoke the language of partnership, exchanged gifts, walked a riverfront and even shared a quiet dinner. There was also a promise of Chinese investments in India.
 
Even so, what remained by the time Xi left were not fond memories of a visit aimed to build bridges but unusual levels of tension and uncertainty along a disputed border where their soldiers stood eyeball to eyeball.
Read: Chinese troops return to Ladakh after retreat during Xi Jinping's visit
 
On a contested border stretch, an apparent incursion can sometimes be a matter of perception. The two countries have disputed their 3,500 km border, especially after a 1962 war in which China seized much of the Himalayan high ground that India sees as a strategic buffer against invaders. So, what one side views as a patrol along the Line of Actual Control (LAC), another side views as a violation, and vice versa.
 
But the frequency of Chinese border crossings betrays a pattern, one that has often been explained as a sign of a wider, growing territorial assertiveness by a country keen to alter the balance of global power.
 
Read: India, China in choppy waters over Indian Ocean dominance?
 
A calibrated escalation of the border dispute may, in reality, reflect Beijing's more deep-seated concern about a younger, restive generation of Tibetans growing up in India that their spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, does not control.
 
An analysis of military statistics shows a sudden spike in Chinese incursions from 2007, around the same time young, restless Tibetans began speaking out against the “middle path” of the Dalai Lama and sharpened their anti-China protests. This included groups asking for an armed insurrection inside Tibet.
 
Chinese cross-border forays almost doubled from 140 in 2006 to 270 in 2008 and have since kept that level.
 
For a government already saddled with unrest by Uighurs in Muslim-dominated Xinjiang province, the possibility, however remote, of a Tibetan insurgency is clearly unsettling. 
 
Add to that the fears that a new generation of belligerent Tibetan exiles could become a bargaining chip for India.
 
Clearly for China, India has kept the Tibetan culture and political identity alive by sheltering the Dalai Lama, who was the bone of contention that led to the 1962 war.

I&B ministry wants more govt news to be given to DD  AIRI&B ministry wants more govt news to be given to DD  AIR
Resolving Indo-China border dispute needs more time: MEAResolving Indo-China border dispute needs more time: MEA
UPDATE 1-Yemen president calls for settlement on third day of clashesUPDATE 1-Yemen president calls for settlement on third day of clashes
NOTA second in Chhattisgarh assembly by-pollNOTA second in Chhattisgarh assembly by-poll
Court dismisses minor girl s plea to terminate pregnancyCourt dismisses minor girl s plea to terminate pregnancy
Dev bhai   ibsec is having only rs 11 book value and asset of 332 cr w...Reposted about 41 days 21 hrs 53 min 52 sec ago by rajatkraggarwal
Dear adviser, stpicker.
Wish all our wishes meet this time. Immediately after being separated IBWSL from IBReal & listed on 11.08.13 I`m tracking this co.
- It was always a profit making co. in spite of that it was in the range of 6-8 for a considerable time?
- Reserves are also from the day of listing??
- Inspite of good profits, DIVIDEND SKIPPED that too without any explanation???
- While in IBSec, the whole profit is being paid through divs. (giving a huge 16% return at the current price of 25). Earlier it was easily available around 15 for (inspite of div.)??
- IBHousing too pays (increasing every yr.) huge div. of 35 rs. per share still share is below 400 (an bank FD yield) ?
In nutshell, in this market of manipulators there are LOT MORE FACTORS than fundamentals that prevails... still LADY LUCK has the LAST LAUGH!?!?
I will like to shift my trading a/c holding from IBWSL to IBSec. around 25. Still @ 13 IBPower may surprises!? Rest HOW the THINGS CHANGE with TIME ..Fingers Crossed!!

I pray (lately) for founder of batliboi and other group companies.hope...Platinum Member
282 Followers
I pray (lately) for founder of Batliboi and other group companies.Hope his family will bring batliboi and its share holders to New height.
Goodluckk to His family.
////////Sad demise of Shri Pratap Bhogilal, Chairman Emeritus
Shri Pratap Bhogilal
25.10.1916 %u2013 08.08.2014
It is with profound grief that we inform you of the sad demise of our Chairman Emeritus, Shri Pratap Bhogilal. He passed away peacefully at home on August 8, 2014, and till the very end, was active and alert in body and mind.
A traditionalist to the core, Shri Pratap Bhogilal did not break rules. But he broke new ground with his convictions and commitment to the task in hand%u2026to prove that you can rise above the system by reinventing the process%u2026
Though Shri Pratap Bhogilal hailed from a family of highly successful diamond merchants, his father had envisaged a different role for him.
Shri Pratap Bhogilal made his presence felt in more challenging tasks like raising Batliboi & Company to a position of pre-eminence in the machine tools and related businesses. He also turned Shree Ram Mills into the most modern, best-run and the most profitable mill in Mumbai in the 1960s as its Managing Director.
Shri  Pratap Bhogilal was modern and well-educated and had always strived to live by the same Jain traditions and values which his father and grandfather swore by.  Discipline, patience, hard work, respect for elders, active participation in community work and committed support for the Jain cause without ever losing sight of the national good had been the bedrock of his life.
Jainism had a profound influence on him in the later years, initiated him into practicing Anekantavada, a Jain treatise which propounds that truth has many facets and that others%u2019 way of looking at things could be as valid as yours.
EDUCATION :
BA %u2013 Economics, Elphinstone College, Mumbai
Textile Technology from VJTI, Mumbai
BUSINESS :

Stocks are valued based on earnings.its a 10 year loss making business...100 Followers
stocks are valued based on earnings.its a 10 year loss making business.
Because promoters holds 60 percent and fii limit is 40 per...its not required we should buy a stock.
8.31 PM Sep 20th

Why Apple iPhone 6 is driving people crazyE-mail
Apple on Sep 9 announced iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The two iPhones mark a radical change for Apple as the company, for the first time since launching the iPhone in 2007, acknowledged that bigger screens do provide better experience.

India offers huge potential than China: AMDcomputing and information technology
‘We have new line of businesses — embedded semi-custom servers for products like Sony PlayStation and Apple Mac Pro — these are our way forward in India.’
For world’s second largest computer chip maker AMD, India is the number one market as far as strategic importance is concerned as the company sees more opportunities for growth here than even in a market like China.
“From purely revenue perspective, Indian market is among the top 10 for AMD, but from strategic importance, it is right up there… India has a huge potential, bigger than even China in terms of where the market is going to go and investments. So from strategic importance, I will say India is number one,” David Bennett, Corporate Vice-President and General Manager (APAC and Japan), AMD, told The Hindu.
In the APAC region, which includes Korea, Australia, New Zealand, Southeast Asia, along with India and Japan, India is the fastest growing market for the company.
“In all my markets not only is India an important market for us in terms of size and potential but also in terms of where we are succeeding. We have had some of our largest success here in India. We are doing extremely well,” he said.
Market share
In India, the company has 36 per cent market share in the commercial segment, and around 18 per cent share in the consumer PC segment. Incidentally, 36 per cent share in commercial PC segment is the largest for the company among all its markets. For the consumer segment, the chip and graphic card maker is looking at increasing its share to 25 per cent by next year, and then gradually to 30 per cent.
“Last year, a good chunk of our business came from big public tender. But if you take them out, because they skew the ration, we are pretty even in commercial and consumer space. So you’ll see both consumer and commercial increasing outside the public tenders. Our goal is 50:50. We want to be the first region in AMD to achieve this,” Mr. Bennett said.
Talking about opportunities they see in India, especially with government’s projects like Digital India, “We are quite bullish about PC sales. We are committed to continue investments in commercial PCs, double in our core businesses like consumer graphics and diversifying our revenues. We have new line of businesses — embedded semi-custom servers for products like Sony PlayStation and Apple Mac Pro — these are our way forward in India,” he said.

Asian Games 2014: Where mind is without fearDeepika was the youngest member of the contingent at the London Olympics in 2012. (Source: PTI)
Written by Mihir Vasavda | Posted: September 19, 2014 1:36 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 10:39 am
Deepika Kumari lets out a wry smile when you mention London and mental toughness in the same breath. At 18, she was among the youngest members of the Indian contingent at the Olympics two years ago.
The then world No. 1 was also the country’s brightest medal prospect. But in front of packed stands at Lord’s – a venue far too familiar to the Indians – the dramatic mental disintegration of the archer was astonishing. Unable to adapt to the windy conditions, she failed to hit a single bulls-eye and went down 2-6 in the first round to Englishwoman Amy Oliver. She hasn’t forgotten that morning, yet. “I haven’t been allowed to forget it,” she quickly adds.
London wasn’t a solitary moment of failure for Deepika. It triggered a prolonged lean patch in her fledgling career; her staggering slump as dramatic as her prodigious rise. And it’s likely that those memories will come rushing back when she lines up against Asia and world’s best at the Gyeyang Asiad Archery Field. The windy and overcast conditions here left creases on her forehead.
This time, however, she insists she is better prepared. “The windy conditions will be the same for everyone. It will depend a lot on how I feel that day, my body condition and mental state,” she says, as she checks into the Games Village, clinging on to a giant teddy.
How well she adapts to the conditions will be the key in determining where she finishes on the podium – if she finishes on the podium. It’s solely for this purpose that the archers were the first to reach South Korea, a good two weeks before the others. India’s Korean coach Lim Chae Woong brought the team to Gwangju, nearly 250km from Incheon, to train with some local archers.
For a couple of days, even reigning Olympic and world champion archer Ki Bo-Bae joined the Indian contingent. “It has helped a lot in terms of preparation. I have worked on a few specific aspects like playing in front of crowds and keeping a cool mind. We have practised in front of crowds. Even though the atmosphere at the Asian Games will be quite different, it helped. Let’s see how things unfold during competition,” Deepika says.
You can sense that the lost confidence is slowly returning. Deepika says it’s the return to her old coach and old bow that has done the trick. A few months ago, she slipped to 19th in the rankings following a string of poor results this year and failed to make it to the senior squad for the Stage I and III World Cups.
To arrest her slide, she returned to Dharmendra Tiwary, who coached Deepika in the early years of her career. The reunion was more to prep her psychologically than technically, Tiwary says. “She gets nervous before big matches. Even before the continued…
She gets nervous before big matches. Even before the selection trials recently, I could sense she wasn't feeling good

Two time Grand Slam champion Li Na retiresLi Na has finally called it a day ending a week of intensifying speculation. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Beijing | Posted: September 19, 2014 3:27 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 3:47 pm
Li Na, a two-time Grand Slam champion from China who took tennis in Asia to a new level, has retired due to recurring knee injuries.
The 32-year-old Li posted a statement on social media sites on Friday, ending a week of intensifying speculation that she would announce her retirement ahead of the new WTA tournament at Wuhan, her home town.
The WTA, which runs women’s tennis, has described Li as a trailblazer and credits her with being the first player from Asia to win a major title — she won the 2011 French Open, beating four Top 10 players in succession to wrap up the title — a few months after becoming the first from the region to reach a Grand Slam final, which she did at the 2011 Australian Open.
She clinched the Australian Open title in January, in her third trip to the final at Melbourne Park, to reach a career-high No. 2 ranking, another continental milestone.
Li hasn’t played since a third-round defeat at Wimbledon, withdrawing from the US Open citing a knee injury.
“Most people in the tennis world know that my career has been marked by my troubled right knee,” Li said in the open letter she posted online.
“After four knee surgeries and hundreds of shots injected into my knee weekly to alleviate swelling and pain, my body is begging me to stop the pounding.”
After three operations on her right knee, dating back to March 2008, Li said her most recent surgery in July was on her left knee.
“After a few weeks of post-surgery recovery, I tried to go through all the necessary steps to get back on the court,” she said. “While I’ve come back from surgery in the past, this time it felt different.
“One of my goals was to recover as fast as I could in order to be ready for the first WTA tournament in my hometown.
As hard as I tried to get back to being 100 percent, my body kept telling me that, at 32, I will not be able to compete at the top level ever again. The sport is just too competitive, too good, to not be 100 percent.”
Li started her career in the national system, but had a keen sense of individuality. She bucked the system at times during her career — giving up tennis for two years to do media studies at a university earlier in her career — and later insisting on selecting her own coach.
She also has won support from the public for her courage to defy China’s rigid state-run sports system aimed at training world-class athletes.
The announcement that she had parted ways with coach Carlos Rodriguez, ending an almost two-year working relationship with the former long-time mentor for Justin Henin, followed her Wimbledon defeat in July.
Li won millions of admirers with her tough-as-nails approach on court, and her warmth and charm continued…
At 32, I will not be able to compete at the top level ever again. The sport is just too competitive, too good, to not be 100 percent

17th Asiad off to colourful start and it had to be in Gangnam styleA successful Incheon Games would go a long way to allaying any concerns that South Korea will struggle to be ready. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Incheon | Posted: September 19, 2014 7:23 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 12:53 am
The 17th Asian Games opened in a multi-coloured blaze of fireworks and carefully crafted K-Pop routines on Friday, as athletes from the world’s most populous region came together in pursuit of gold and glory in South Korea.
An array of Olympians and regional sports stars will compete over 15 days of competition in Incheon where South Korean President Park Geun-hye and Olympic chief Thomas Bach were among the powerful figures watching a vivid opening ceremony.
Athletes dressed in colourful national garb, sharp suits and comfortable tracksuits waved to a crowd of 60,000, who offered enthusiastic welcomes to delegations from 45 countries including the South’s belligerent neighbour, North Korea.
South Korean culture, known as the ‘Korean Wave’ or Hallyu, has swept through Asia in recent years generating billions of dollars in revenue from drama and pop music and Friday’s ceremony drew heavily on its influence.
Actress and model Lee Young-ae, the face of countless commercials across the region, lit the Asian Games cauldron and ‘Gangnam Style’ singer Psy delivered a rousing finale.
The ceremony, dubbed: ‘Dream of 4.5 billion people, One Asia,’ also featured traditional Korean performances of song, dance and poetry as athletes stood shoulder to shoulder behind the flags of 45 countries at the Incheon Asian Main Stadium.
Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Sabah, the president of the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA), told the athletes: “We are delighted to welcome you and are looking forward to seeing you compete and perform based on fair play and respect.
“You are the heart and soul of the Games.”
DUEL IN THE POOL
From weightlifting to wushu, rowing to rugby sevens and swimming to sepaktakraw, the Games will showcase elite Asian talent in 36 sports, with the first of 439 gold medals to be awarded in the women’s 10 metre air pistol team event on Saturday.
Much of the attention will be focused on the pool where Olympic champions Sun Yang of China and South Korea’s homegrown hero Park Tae-hwan will meet in a series of freestyle duels.
China has topped the medals table at the last eight Asian Games and is expected to do so again, while the hosts’ target is finishing second, above fierce rivals Japan, for the fifth straight Asiad.
China’s vast delegation includes badminton great Lin Dan and London Olympic gold medallist Yi Shiwen while Japan expect great things from a swim team that took seven golds at the recent Pan Pacific Championships.
Olympic champions Yang Hak-seon and Lee Yong-dae will spearhead South Korea’s campaign for 90 golds on home soil in a Games that will also put Korea’s financial muscle and logistical capabilities to the test once again.
After hosting the Asian Games in 1986 and 2002, and the Olympics in 1988, South Korea will stage continued…
Compete and perform based on fair play and respect. You are the heart and soul of the Games

Indonesia  battling to find venues  to host 2018 Asian GamesAthletes from Indonesia march into the stadium during the opening ceremony for the 17th Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Incheon | Posted: September 19, 2014 6:43 pm
The Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) executive board on Friday approved Indonesia as hosts for the 2018 Asian Games which faces a growing battle to find venues because of the cost.
The continent’s sports leaders had to find a quick replacement after Vietnam said in April that it could no longer afford to stage the next Asian Games.
“Today (Friday) it has been approved by the EB (executive board) that in 2018 will be the next Asian Games in Jakarta in Indonesia,” said council president Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Sabah.
The body’s general assembly should rubber stamp the decision on Saturday. But Sheikh Amad stressed that an earlier special assembly had given him “the authority to decide and find the replacement to Vietnam.”
Ade Lukman, an Indonesian Olympic Committee official, said the country was delighted. “Being selected to host the Asian Games is an honour for the Indonesian people,” he told AFP.
The OCA executive met in Incheon ahead of the opening of the 17th Asian Games later on Friday.
The world’s biggest multi-sport event after the Olympics will this year feature 13,000 athletes, coaches and officials from 45 nations across 36 sports.
Vietnam had originally been picked to host the 18th Games in 2019, but withdrew blaming fallout from an economic crisis.
Indonesia immediately became favourites to take on the showpiece event with no other serious candidate.
The OCA initially scheduled the event for 2019 to avoid any clash with the Olympics. The 2018 Winter Olympics are in South Korea and the 2020 Olympics are in Tokyo.
But Jakarta told the OCA that if they were to host the Asiad, it would have to be a year earlier, in 2018, because presidential elections are scheduled for 2019.
In its original bid for the event, Indonesia put forward the country’s second-biggest city, Surabaya, as the host.
However officials have now decided to make the capital Jakarta the main host city, with events also planned for other cities, including Palembang and Bandung.
Indonesia last staged the Asian Games in 1962 in Jakarta.
“These cities already have international-standard stadiums and facilities…. they are well-equipped,” said Lukman, adding there were also plans for new facilities.
Indonesia staged the 2011 Southeast Asian Games but ran into problems, with some venues not ready on time and the death of two people in a stampede at the football final.
But Lukman insisted: “We are better prepared and we are confident we won’t have the same problems we saw during the Southeast Asian Games.”
Indonesian boxing star Chris John, who retired last year after being dethroned as the world featherweight champion, said it was “great news” Indonesia would host the event.
“I think it will help raise Indonesia’s profile around the world, and I’m sure it will give our home team more confidence when they compete,” he told AFP.
Sheikh Ahmad said no decision has been taken on whether the 19th Games would revert to it’s original slot of 2023 or come a year earlier in 2022 following the Indonesia switch.

Working as an Apple salesperson is a lot like being a therapistWorking as an Apple salesperson is a lot like being a therapist
Written by
Manoush Zomorodi Managing Editor, New Tech City
September 19, 2014
OK, let's talk about this. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma)
SHARE
Manoush Zomorodi Managing Editor, New Tech City
September 19, 2014
“I found myself counseling or consoling people twice my age in a way I never thought I would.”
That’s what Peter, a former Apple “specialist,” told me about his years working the floor of an Apple store in Manhattan.
We very rarely hear from the amiable blue-shirted professionals who help Apple customers choose everything from the right size data storage plan to the strongest overpriced multi-colored iPad case.
As I found from speaking to these Apple salespeople, the job is unlike any other retail position out there because, as Peter explained to me, “we don’t have to sell anything. We could put up a vending machine and it would sell itself.”
Despite a strict Apple policy against talking to media, even after quitting, these ex-employees wanted to share the good and bad: all four confessed to love Apple products, were enthusiastic about the frenetic energy of launch day, and appreciated the decent wages (though they all preferred keeping their salary information confidential).
As for negative experiences, those seemed to stem from the basic cracks in our society: racism, privilege, and sexism. Physical fights between senior citizens. Impatient customers berating salespeople and one another. Even a stabbing by mechanical pencil.  Many customers act entitled to an iPhone: “It’s as if on days when we’re low or out of stock, we’re denying them their birthright,” Peter wrote me.
Those were the horror stories. But I also heard gems of compassion, like this:
“I had to console weeping customers for a variety of reasons like, ‘my husband just died and I don’t know the password to his computer.’ Or, ‘I think my ex hacked my phone and I’m terrified.’ I helped a blind, older gentleman who was absolutely tickled with what an iPhone could do for him—read menus out loud using image recognition software. I’m eternally grateful for those experiences, and they’ve shaped who I’ve become.”
Peter goes on to describe those moments as truly gratifying, a intimate interaction between human beings rather than a soulless interaction between a consumer “and a dude in a branded t-shirt.”
You can hear Peter and the other former Apple store employees on what they really think of launch day (“you felt like you were were working a prison yard”) and their best iProduct advice (“do not buy your grandparent an iPad”) on this episode of New Tech City .
You can listen to Manoush on New Tech City . Follow @ manoushz  on Twitter.We welcome your comments at  ideas@qz.com . 
Share this:

U Srinivas: an artiste who put Carnatic on the world mapA file photo of Mandolin U Srinivas. S THANTHONI
His greatness was in transforming the Mandolin into a darling of the genre
On this day of great sadness, I reminisce on my association with U Srinivas. It was proposed that we do a jugalbandi in 2010. I was acutely aware of the fact that I am a musician who grew step by step over a number of years. He, on the other hand, had a meteoric rise that made him an overnight star. But I need not have worried at all.
During the concert he let me sing to my heart’s content and never overplayed. We didn’t have a violinist with us. I am so used to having a stringed instrument tailing behind me when I sing because that was how I was trained. But he followed my rendition on his mandolin, just like a violinist would. And then, after backing me, he would digress into his solo. Giving space to others and stepping back is a humane quality. It calls for a lot of guts. Not everyone can do it and that was the greatest trait I admired in him.
Tales to tell
SV Ramani, the ghatam exponent who often plays with Srinivas told me this story. During his childhood, Srinivas’ father took him to Ilaiyaraaja sir and had him perform before the maestro, seeking an opportunity to play for films. Ilaiyaraaja sir heard him and said, “He is not a talent that should be limited to cinema. His material should go down in history. You have to help him hit the classical music scene as a soloist. That is where he should be.”
If I remember correctly, his most famous concert was at the Indian Fine Arts Society, 1981. It was a historic moment when noted Carnatic singer TN Seshagopalan gifted Srinivas his bejewelled ring. That news spread like wildfire in the music circuit. Srinivas was always eager to perform at concerts in temples. Once at the Sai Baba Temple in Mylapore, where Srinivas was performing a concert, a rasika approached him during the interval, and asked him to perform a piece in a particular raga. Srinivas said he didn’t know the raga. But he asked the rasika if she could hum the raga or rather its aarohana and avarohanam, and he could try performing the piece. So the rasika hummed the scales for him. And that’s all Srinivas needed. He went on to perform in that raga for about 45 minutes at that concert. He had instantly converted that scale into a full blown picture of the raga.
Another story involves Guruvayur Dorai, the legendary mridangam vidwan who accompanied Srinivas on several concerts. He told me, “When I first heard of Srinivas, I was unsure of him. I didn’t think he had anything to do with classical music. And I was unwilling to play for any young upstart. An organisation called Ayodhya Mandapam convinced me to play alongside him and I agreed half heartedly. But before that I attended one of his concerts at RR Sabha. I went incognito and sat in the last row to be able to judge his prowess. I had to hear him only for a few minutes to realise that I was moved and overcome with guilt. I had grossly underestimated Srinivas before I heard him play. His was music that poured from somewhere divine. After the kutcheri, I walked up to Srinivas’ father and apologised to him. But I promised him whenever his son performs and needs me, I will come and play for him.”
His greatest achievement could be in picking a non Carnatic instrument and making a Carnatic star out of it. He proved that music is beyond the boundaries of an instrument. A new experiment doesn’t mean you are discarding the old. The old continues to exist, but there is a space for the new as well. With his international collaborations, he immensely helped in putting Carnatic music on the world map. Today, very few foreigners would be unaware of a genre of music called Carnatic.
I had always been enchanted by the childlike simplicity that comes across in his renditions. For him, it was literally like a play (sic). It was not like he had to make an effort to create melodies. When he sat to play, he didn’t want to prove a point to anybody. His agenda was to enjoy his music.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Out of Africa No  say Indian holiday-makersOut of Africa? No, say Indian holiday-makers
NAVADHA PANDEY
Ebola impact: Few cancellations to key destinations; wildlife safaris take a hit
New Delhi / Mumbai, September 19:  
Smita and Debashish Basu, a middle-aged couple from Kolkata, have just returned from a week-long vacation in Kenya.
“There were thorough checks at the airports of passengers coming from Western Africa due to the Ebola scare, ,” Smita said.
Ebola, which broke out in Western Africa, has had only a marginal impact on Indian outbound travel to key tourism destinations in the continent, say industry players. However, wildlife safari tours to East and West Africa have dropped.
Recently, South Africa issued a travel ban for all non-South Africans coming from virus-hit Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. Kenya too has taken a similar action.
“The overall impact is marginal as very few leisure visitors go to Western Africa. For South Africa, which is a key tourism destination in the continent and attracts niche travellers, we have seen a 5-10 per cent drop in bookings,” said Sharat Dhall, President, Yatra.com.
Travel to Western Africa is mostly for business, and bookings for that have fallen 25 per cent year-on-year, Dhall added.
Hotel company Sarovar, which has two properties in Tanzania and Nairobi, has seen little impact on business travel, according its Senior Vice-President, Sales and Marketing, Pradeep Kalra.
Travel portal Thomas Cook said it has seen no cancellations.
“South Africa has been a strong growth destination for us, and given that the area has not been affected, we have had no cancellations. In fact, our special South Africa Puja Package has been receiving strong response.”
Wildlife tourism
But wildlife safaris to East and West Africa have dropped by nearly 50 per cent, despite this being the migration season for the animals.
“August is a big month for animal migration, but there have been tour cancellations,” Dhall said. Yatra also expects winter travel to be more towards other markets in the fast east, rather than Africa.
A noticeable trend over the past three months has been that many Indian tourists prefer to go east — especially to Australia and New Zealand.
For experiential travel company Sujan, Kenya is an important market with its Elephant Pepper Camp in Masai Mara attracting high-end travellers.
Jaisal Singh, Chief Executive, Sujan, told BusinessLine that “it’s too early to tell about the impact on revenue. We have seen a drop in bookings but hope to make up as much as possible during the season.”
The camp witnessed around 2,500 bookings last year. According to a statement from South Africa Tourism, “No cases of the Ebola virus have been reported in the country, and the Government is confident of the systems and protocols that are in place to address any incidence of the virus.”    
Shubhash Patil, Director, Kesari Travels, pointed out that “Indians go to see wildlife migration during the months of July, August and September. This year, there has been a 50 per cent fall in bookings, especially during this period.
“We are suggesting tourists go to South Africa, where there has been no impact of the Ebola virus.’’
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Learning the lessons of student debtThe lessons of student debt
By Gillian Tett
Elizabeth Warren argues the rising cost of education is shattering the American dream
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f62167a4-3ec1-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1sbMxWCAlibaba worth more than Facebook, IBM
By: Matt Krantz September 19, 2014 3:17 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Alibaba (BABA) is now the 13th most valuable company trading in the U.S., passing tech behemoths like Facebook (FB) , International Business Machines (IBM) and Oracle (ORCL) .
Shares of the stock are trading for $91.80, giving the stock a value of $225.2 billion based on the shares currently trading. That puts the Chinese e-commerce company ahead of Facebook at $200 billion, IBM at $193 billion and Oracle at $185 billion.
And at $225 billion, Alibaba is just behind Procter & Gamble at $227.9 billion and JPMorgan Chase at $230.6.
It’s a new world order indeed. The picture below shows just where Alibaba ranks in it.
S&P Capital IQ via Microsoft Excel

Sonam Kapoor-Fawad Khan starrer  Khoobsurat  box office collections just Rs 3 cr on Day 1Sonam Kapoor-Fawad Khan starrer 'Khoobsurat' box office collections just Rs 3 cr on Day 1
FE Online | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 20 2014, 12:58  IST
Sep 20 2014, 12:58  IST
 

Aamir Khan s PK to fetch Rs 85 crore from satellite rights saleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Aircel-Maxis deal: Manish Tewari backs ChidambaramAircel-Maxis deal: Manish Tewari backs Chidambaram
ANI | Ludhiana Sep 20, 2014 03:29 PM IST
"There was nothing which was done which was not in accordance with rules, which were prevalent at that point in time. After this clarification or the statement by the former finance minister, I don't think there is anything to add or subtract to it," Tewari said in Ludhiana.Congress leader Manish Tewari on Saturday voiced his support for former finance minister P. Chidambaram in the Aircel-Maxis deal, saying the decision was taken as per the law.
Meanwhile, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Subramanian Swamy said the CBI should thoroughly investigate Chidambaram's role in the Aircel-Maxis deal.
"It has turned out that in the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) it was known that the Aircel-Maxis deal was an illegal deal because it was directly or indirectly hundred percent owned by Malaysian industrialist T Ananda Krishnan.......," Swamy told ANI in New Delhi.
"Now, who enabled that, FIPB had put it up for signature with the provision that the matter would be according to law. But Chidambaram never went into it, he immediately signed. Today, he is blaming officers to putting up the file with him. This is not the job of Minister to blindly sign what officers put before him and certainly not Chidambaram who is suppose to be a lawyer," he added.
The BJP leader, who is also the petitioner in the case, further said the matter will be heard in the Supreme Court on September 25.
"Chidambaram is complicit in all this and therefore the CBI has to now investigate him and then file a fresh supplementary chargesheet. The matter is coming in the Supreme Court on my petition on 25th of September," he said.
The CBI will probe the circumstances of the FIPB approval given by Chidambaram in the Aircel-Maxis deal in 2006.
According to reports, the investigating agency told a special court in its chargesheet in the Aircel-Maxis case that Mauritius-based Global Communication Services Holdings Ltd, a subsidiary of Maxis, had sought approval for 800 million US dollars for which the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs was competent to do so.
Chidambaram has, however, said that there was no violation of rules in the grant of FIPB approval to Aircel-Maxis deal in 2006.

Indian mkts to be at much higher levels in a year: Mark MobiusAfrica
("We have to be patient. We…)
ET Now caught up with Mark Mobius, Executive Chairman, Templeton EM Group, for his take on the emerging markets as well some Indian stocks. Excerpts:
Nikunj Dalmia: Are you of the view that the current market rally is more like a liquidity-fuelled rally and there is very little fundamental substance to it?
Mark Mobius: No, there is substance because we are getting growth, particularly in emerging markets. The growth rates are very high. China is growing at 7 per cent, which is extremely high for a country that is now the second largest economy in the world. So the growth rates of these countries do justify more valuations, higher valuations. Of course there are some exceptions where things are getting a little bit pricy, but we have to be cautious generally regarding those companies and look for the bargains.
Nikunj Dalmia: Let us talk about the Indian markets. For the moment, the Indian markets are clearly standing tall. An average domestic institutional investor is back, there is hope and excitement. What is your view on India given the fact that India for this year is one of the best performing markets in the region?
Mark Mobius: We are very positive about India and as you know, we have been positive for quite some long time despite the fact that the previous government did not really move the economy along as fast as we would have liked. But with the new government, we are turning a new page. We have a blank sheet of paper and there is a lot to be written on that paper, and I believe that Modi is the right person to do the job. Of course, we have to be patient. We cannot expect overnight results, but over the longer term, the results would be very good.
Nikunj Dalmia: There is an old maxim on the Wall Street that good news and good prices really come together. Right now, news is good, but are the prices also good?
Mark Mobius: This is a problem and we are now finding it harder and harder to find good bargains among the large capitalised stocks in India. However, amongst smaller cap stocks, there are opportunities and we are continuing to work on those as well as private equity opportunities.
Nikunj Dalmia: So post 16th of May, have you increased your allocation to India?
Mark Mobius: Yes, we have. The increase has probably come as a result of higher prices in the stocks that we hold, but we have also added to our stocks in India.
Nikunj Dalmia: From an India standpoint, what is happening is that the dollar index is going up and that has not translated into some meaningful decline in equities. In fact, commodities are melting. What do you make of resource-dominated markets like Brazil and Russia?
Mark Mobius: In some commodities, you are going to see flat movements of price. Iron ore would probably be one example where the movement is not going to be very dramatic. Oil prices will probably range between 80 and 120 a barrel, but then, there are some commodities like palladium which will continue to do well because of the demand for catalytic converters in gas powered automobiles and that is particularly true in China. So it really depends on the commodity. Fast-growing emerging markets are going to lead more and more commodities in every direction.
Nikunj Dalmia: The core of Templeton investment philosophy is value buying. So after a 40-50 per cent run up in Indian stock prices, where is value still left in this market?
Mark Mobius: It is more and more difficult to find the bargains. So we are now looking at smaller and medium-sized companies to find those opportunities. But it is very difficult. Most of the large companies have run up a little bit too high in price. It doesn't say that they are going to come down and it doesn't say that they are going to continue going up, but it is getting more and more difficult for value investors.
 
Nikunj Dalmia: So as we speak, where are you allocating capital, where are you pulling money and where are you investing more?
Mark Mobius: In some of the tech stocks, in pharmaceutical stocks, we have been taking some profits, but not substantially because we still like a lot of these and we want to continue holding them. But I would say they are the main ones. We continue to hold the others.
Nikunj Dalmia: I distinctly remember that you were one of the earliest entrants in Aurobindo Pharma and you had a very large exposure there. Are you happy to own Aurobindo Pharma? I mean that stock has just gone gangbusters of late?
Mark Mobius: Yes, we love those stocks, pharmaceutical stocks, which are moving up definitely.
Nikunj Dalmia: How exactly are you betting on the consumer theme?

Ask Matt: Is Alibaba really worth $90 a shareGetty
Q: Is Alibaba really worth $90 a share?
A: Investors knew the initial price of $68 a share for Alibaba was too low. But is the first-day closing price of $93.89 too high? Analysts say yes, but not by as  much as you might think.
Investors’ jaws dropped in awe when Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba started trading Friday in the largest initial public offering in history. Shares soared $25.89, or 38.1%, to $93.89. Investors wanted a piece of the deal especially after the company priced the shares so low and left more than $8 billion on the table . No company has ever left that much on the table after a deal, according to Jay Ritter of the University of Florida.
But the market adjusted and put the shares to where they were supposed to be. The 18-month price target on the stock is $88.67 a share, based on the six published estimates on the stock, says S&P Capital IQ. By that measure, the stock is ahead of itself by at least 5.9%. Another analyst, Robert Maltbie of Millennium Asset Management, takes a more aggressive approach and pegs the value of Alibaba at $92 a share. His math is based on the stock trading at 45 times its earnings the past fiscal year and earning $2.30 a share. While the stock might not be insanely overvalued at $90, future gains might be tougher to come by.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Notification issued for October 15 Maharashtra assembly electionSep 20, 2014 at 03:44pm IST
Notification issued for October 15 Maharashtra assembly election
7
0
Mumbai: The process for the October 15 election to the 288-member Maharashtra Assembly began with authorities issuing the poll notification.
The by-poll for the parliamentary seat of Beed, vacated following the death of BJP leader Gopinath Munde, will also be held on October 15.
"From today, the election process has begun with filing of nominations," a Chief Electoral Office official said.
The process for the October 15 election to the 288-member Maharashtra Assembly began with authorities issuing the poll notification.
#maharashtra assembly election #gopinath munde #poll #constituencies
Maharashtra's over 8.28 crore voters are eligible to exercise their franchise in the single-phase to elect its 13th assembly.
September 27 is the deadline for filing nomination. After scrutiny of papers, the last date for withdrawal of nomination is October 1. Counting of votes will take place on October 19. The existing assembly's term expires on November 8.
Of the 288 seats, 29 and 25 have been reserved for SC and ST candidates respectively.
Electronic voting machines will be used in all the assembly constituencies. All will have a "none of the above" (NOTA) option button.
EVMs in 13 assembly constituencies in Maharashtra will also be equipped with voter verifiable paper audit trail (VVPAT).
VVPAT is a system where voters will get to verify if their votes have been cast correctly.
3

J&K floods: SSB gives Rs 2.12 cr to PM s Rel...BD Sharma
(Troops and officers of Sashastra…)
NEW DELHI: Border guarding force SSB today presented a cheque for Rs 2.12 crore to Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the victims of the devastating floods in Jammu and Kashmir.
Troops and officers of Sashastra Seema Bal contributed a day's salary towards raising the amount for the flood relief work.
The cheque for the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund was handed over to Modi by a delegation led by SSB chief BD Sharma , the force said in a release here.
SSB guards India's frontiers with Nepal and Bhutan .
FEATURED ARTICLES

DIPP sets up panel to help investors on  Mak...You are here: Home > Collections
DIPP sets up panel to help investors on 'Make in India'
ET Bureau Sep 21, 2014, 04.14AM IST
Tags:
DIPP
(The DIPP has set up an 8-member…)
NEW DELHI: The government will formally launch its mega 'Make in India' drive next week to revive domestic manufacturing. The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) will launch a digital campaign to sell India as an attractive investment destination.
The DIPP has also set up an eight-member panel of experts to address grievances and queries of global and domestic investors.
"We want to get rid of the impression that India is an unfriendly country to deal with," a government official said.
The expert team has members from the private sector who will try to solve issues in 48 hours.
"In case they are unable to resolve within the time frame, it would go to the nodal officer of the respective department who would try to fix that within 72 hours and in the extreme cases, the query would go to the secretary," said the official.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nepal seeks help from India to offer PF to s...You are here: Home > Collections > Delegation
Nepal seeks technical cooperation from India for extending PF in the country
PTI Sep 20, 2014, 05.50PM IST
Tags:
EPFO
(Nepal today sought technical…)
NEW DELHI: Nepal today sought technical cooperation from India for extending Provident Fund in organised and unorganised sectors in that country.
A delegation led by Secretary of Nepal Prime Minister and Employees Provident Fund (EPF), Nepal chief Durga Nidhi Sharma met Union Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar and held deliberations on the issue.
Tomar assured that the request of the neighbouring country will be considered "favourably".
"Employees Provident Fund (Karmachari Sanchay Kosh), Nepal has sought technical cooperation from the Minister (Tomar) for extending provident fund organized and unorganized sectors in their country.
The Minister assured that the request will be considered favourably," an official statement said.
The EPF (Karmachari Sanchay Kosh), Nepal manages provident fund even on behalf of government employees and a large sum is given as repayable loan to government employees for various purposes like housing, the statement said.
Labour ministry officials said that Nepal is looking to learn from India and the delegation was on a 3-4 day tour to India to understand various issues like investment patterns, India's coverage, the guidelines which are followed and others.
EPFO in India manages around Rs 6 lakh crore corpus with a subscribers' base of over five crore. The EPFO in India covers only formal sector employees under its social security net.
Other members in the Nepalese delegation were Kamal Raj Dhungel, Director Board of EPF and Professor at Tribhuvan University Kathmandu, Pratap Singh Thapa, Director Board of EPF and DIG Nepal Police and Sriram Sekhar Adhikari, Secretary, Board of EPF Nepal.
From the Indian side the EPFO team was led by Central Provident Fund Commissioner K K Jalan .
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS  Infosys  Wipro  HCL Tech unanimous on better market environmentTech firms hopeful on better market environment
Itika Sharma Punit | Bangalore Sep 20, 2014 10:30 PM IST
After several years of 'cautious optimism' and 'uncertainty', Indian information technology (IT) services sector now seems to be clear about a better growth path. Four of India’s major IT firms — Tata Consultancy Services, Infosys, Wipro and HCL Technologies — unanimously stated they were witnessing an improved business environment and greater visibility.
At an investor forum hosted by Hong Kong-based research and brokerage firm CLSA last week, leaders from the four firms said the demand from clients had improved, against previous years. They expect a likely improvement in their margins.
While India's largest IT services player TCS has been bullish on growth in the past few years, others like Infosys, Wipro and HCL Technologies have remained cautious and witnessed sluggish growth.
However, Infosys Chief Operating Officer U B Pravin Rao said, “We are turning in the right direction. We have not seen any dramatic changes in the market. The pipeline is decent. Some of the discretionary spend is coming back and we are not seeing too many surprises either way. In some industries we are seeing better traction and in some of the industries challenges continue.” HCL Technologies Chief Financial Officer Anil Chanana said his company was witnessing a growth in traction in Europe. He felt the market was warming up to the idea of offshoring business.
While, currently, revenues from social, mobile, analytics and cloud may not be big enough to significantly add to the profits of these large companies, it is seen as the reason for the return of discretionary spending to the market after a gap of several years.
According to experts, having strong capabilities around SMAC may become a key for these large players to stay ahead in business.
According to some estimates, SMAC’s expected compounded annual growth rate is 50 per cent in the next three to five years, faster than any other technology segment.
“Deal sizes (in SMAC) are growing and this is increasingly driving significant component of technology refresh in core technology of several enterprises and deal flow,” CLSA said in note. "Discretionary spending has returned after several years of lull via SMAC services as opposed to ERP (enterprise resource planning) implementation."

Examining the invasion of corporate newsThe invasion of corporate news
By Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson
The lines between journalism and PR are rapidly becoming blurred as business interests bypass traditional media to get their message across
©Lucas Varela
A population of 100,000 is no longer a guarantee that a city like Richmond, California can sustain a thriving daily paper. Readers have drifted from the tactile pleasures of print to the digital gratification of their smartphone screens, and advertising revenues have drifted with them. Titles that once served up debates from City Hall, news of school teams’ triumphs and classified ads for outgrown bikes have stopped the presses for good.
Last January, however, a site called the Richmond Standard launched, promising “a community-driven daily news source dedicated to shining a light on the positive things that are going on in the community”, and giving everyone from athletes to entrepreneurs the recognition they deserve. Since then, it has recorded the “quick-thinking teen” commended by California’s governor for saving a woman from overdosing; the “incredible strength” of the 5ft 6in high-school freshman who can bench-press “a whopping 295lbs”; and councilman Tom Butt’s warning about the costs of vacating a blighted public housing project.
More
Why a house-price bubble means trouble
The Richmond Standard is one of the more polished sites to emerge in the age of hyper-local digital news brands such as Patch and DNAinfo.com. That may be because it is run and funded by Chevron, the $240bn oil group which owns the Richmond refinery that in August 2012 caught fire, spewing plumes of black smoke over the city and sending more than 15,000 residents to hospital for medical help.
Its editor, a former San Francisco Examiner reporter called Mike Aldax, works for a public relations firm called Singer Associates, which offers clients advice on “issues management”. At a time when Chevron is planning a billion-dollar upgrade that environmentalists oppose, pitching itself as a friendly voice in the community must look like an appealing way to manage such issues.
In February, for example, an article reassured readers: “The clouds that could be seen above Chevron Richmond refinery Wednesday morning were actually harmless steam clouds.” Another highlighted refinery workers’ volunteer work at an animal adoption centre. In early September, Aldax covered a protest against Kinder Morgan, a rival energy company, over its shipments of “the highly volatile Bakken crude from North Dakota”, reminding readers of the deadly July 2013 derailment of a train carrying Bakken oil in Quebec.
The Richmond Standard website, funded by Chevron
The site – which is upfront about wanting “to provide a voice for Chevron Richmond on civic issues” – includes a section called Chevron Speaks where the company has challenged “incorrect and misleading information” in rival local publications by spelling out its argument that its refinery upgrade will reduce pollution and create jobs. When the Richmond Standard questioned the mayor’s ties to a PR firm “suspected of hiring phony protesters to demonstrate outside the Chevron shareholders meeting”, however, the article was tagged as news, not spin. Those ties “raise new questions about how far she is willing to go to battle Chevron, Richmond’s largest taxpayer,” Aldax wrote.
Ken Doctor, a news industry analyst who has studied the “muddying of the waters” between news and marketing, says of Chevron’s Richmond site: “There are not a lot of things that amaze me but that takes chutzpah to do that.” Chevron’s effort to make news on its own terms is, however, far from unusual.
Richmond is not the first company town to have a company newspaper. In 1909, the Hershey Press launched in Hershey, Pennsylvania, featuring advertising from the chocolate maker and articles about its factory (“the finest manufacturing room in the United States”). But its first editorial declared that, in politics, “we shall boost the honest candidates for all that’s in us, and we shall then leave it up to you to do the deciding.”
Few of us live in company towns such as Hershey or Richmond but more of us than ever before are exposed to what its proponents call “brand journalism” – a new form of reporting that just happens to be produced by companies. Not much of it is produced with the aim of leaving it up to us to do the deciding.
Social media and digital publishing tools are allowing this strain of corporate news to reach vast audiences, with profound implications for the way businesses communicate with the public and for the media outlets they are learning to sidestep.
. . .
For 20 years, as a reporter and editor in London and New York, most of my time has been spent doing the things non-journalists assume journalists do all day: developing sources, chasing leads, delving into secret files and polishing paragraphs. But I have also devoted countless hours to dealing with PR people. This has involved furious phone calls to protest at my underplaying a client’s view of the world, surreptitious forwarding of material helpful to the case being pitched, and friendly invitations to bend my ear over lunch or drinks. (Only twice has a PR person attempted to play footsie with me under the lunch table – I made my excuses and left.) Then there are the emailed pitches, trying to persuade me to spend time and reporting resources on stories of questionable value to the FT’s readers.
For every working journalist in America there, are now 4.6 PR people, up from 3.2 a decade ago
My inbox is clogged with the “barking news” about New York’s first doggie-treat truck, the invitation to meet the inventor of the multimedia coat hanger, the press release on the “trail-blazing” motorway service station and the survey on “slowcial networking” (otherwise known as sending greetings cards). There is the gobbledegook about “new paradigms”, “providers of proactive solution management systems” and “taking consumers down the marketing funnel”, and there is endless “circling back” from over-friendly strangers (“Hey buddy!” began one recent email) wondering whether their pitch “could be a nice fit for “Financial Times, New York Bureau” – a target picked blindly from the directory.
With the president-felling image of Woodward and Bernstein still hanging over the profession, and a geekily hip narrative of data-driven analysis pointing to a new future, few journalists like to acknowledge the role PRs play in their stories. Many are well-informed, professional, clever, helpful and fun. Some are former colleagues. Some become friends. But for most journalists, it is an involvement we put up with warily. PRs are spinners of favourable stories, glossers-over of unfavourable facts and gatekeepers standing between us and the people we want to get to.
But as journalists bemoan such PR obstacles, they rarely admit an important fact: the PRs are winning. Employment in US newsrooms has fallen by a third since 2006, according to the American Society of News Editors, but PR is growing. Global PR revenues increased 11 per cent last year to almost $12.5bn, according to an industry study entitled The Holmes Report. For every working journalist in America, there are now 4.6 PR people, according to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics, up from 3.2 a decade ago. And those journalists earn on average 65 per cent of what their PR peers are paid.
©Courtesy of Hershey community archives
The Hershey Press, launched in 1909 by the Pennsylvania-based chocolate maker
As journalism schools pump out new generations of would-be Woodwards and Bernsteins, many of those not finding newsroom jobs have turned instead to the business of how to present the news in the most flattering light. They have been joined by laid-off reporters, editors, producers and presenters, with the skills to tell the stories brands want to be told about themselves. “[PR] agencies are now employing many more former journalists,” says Steve Barrett, editor of PR Week. “There are lots of refugees out there, really top-quality journalists who have gone into PR in a very specific way.”
Their efforts seem to be working. Cardiff University researchers estimated in 2006 that 41 per cent of UK press articles were driven by PR, a phenomenon known as “churnalism”. But PRs are now playing the news industry at its own game. They are discovering how to work around journalists, getting their own slickly produced stories, videos and graphics straight to their target audiences – often with the help of the very news organisations they are subverting.
. . .
In the days before Satya Nadella was named Microsoft’s CEO in February, leaks to selected tech bloggers changed the discussion around the succession from disappointment at the prospect of an in-house replacement to a sense that it was only natural for Microsoft to elevate a veteran who had been at Bill Gates’ side for 22 years. When the announcement came, it sweetly told us that this was as long as he had been with his wife.
But with the traditional press release came an “asset pack” that Microsoft PRs shot out to century-old newsrooms and influential one-man blogs alike. It contained high-definition images of the new CEO looking relaxed but in charge, wearing a hoodie or purposefully clenching one fist as he addressed staff. And it included a biography describing him as a poetry-loving cricketer who “brings a relentless drive for innovation” to the job – good fodder for the “10 Things You Didn’t Know About Satya Nadella” listicles that followed.
Then came the videos: testimonials from Gates and outgoing CEO Steve Ballmer about what an ideal successor he was, and an unchallenging interview by an in-house blogger, conducted as they strolled casually around a people-free section of Microsoft’s headquarters. “How did you feel when you were offered the role?” asked the smiling employee. “Honoured, humbled, excited,” the newly minted boss replied. Nadella’s first interview as CEO ended with the blogger posing the softball question: “Why do you feel Microsoft is going to be successful?”
©YouTube
February 4 2014: new Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella gives his first interview – to an in-house blogger
It was a masterclass in PR spoonfeeding and news organisations simply had to drag and drop. With no press conference or one-on-one interview in which to ask tougher questions about the challenges Microsoft faced, and no chance to send news photographers or videographers of their own, that’s what they did. The FT was among those that embedded one of Microsoft’s videos in its reporting that week (noting that it had been produced by the company), linked to and analysed Nadella’s blog and used the company-issued photographs.
The “asset pack” contained no mention of the thousands of planned job cuts that followed a few months later.
Burberry introduced its new CEO, Christopher Bailey , with a similarly glossy video calling him “one of this generation’s greatest visionaries”. (He, like Nadella, was “incredibly humbled” by his elevation.) And when Bill Ford announced the CEO succession at the eponymous car company from Alan Mulally to Mark Fields in May, Ford offered the media three videos of the event with Pyongyang-worthy headlines such as “Mark Fields discusses the power of One Ford and great products”.
The pressures on news outlets to become multimedia, interactive, 24-hour engagement machines mean editors have become increasingly receptive to what PRs are pitching. A hungry media swallows it up. And with institutions more wary than ever of unpredictable journalists, executives are now more inclined to share their thoughts in smoothly styled social media postings than by inviting in a reporter.
Sir Richard Branson, for example, says he used to talk first to newspapers to get messages out about his business or his philanthropy. But now Virgin’s one-man brand has more than 1.5 million Facebook likes, 4.4 million Twitter followers and an unrivalled 6.3 million people following him on LinkedIn. “Now we’ve got a way of reaching people who read what we say and we don’t have to rely on the Daily Mail,” he observes.
CEOs are finding that their unfiltered social media content is often picked up by the traditional media it has circumvented, PR Week’s Barrett notes. So when General Motors’ new leader, Mary Barra, was going before Congress to explain how the carmaker had ignored warnings about the role of a faulty ignition switch in fatal car crashes, she recorded an emotive YouTube video explaining how “as a member of the GM family and as a mom with a family of my own, this really hits home for me”. The New York Times was among those that embedded her sombre-toned performance in its online story.
There are lots of refugees out there, really top-quality journalists who have gone into PR
- Steve Barrett, editor of PR Week
Few have succeeded in making the news as well as Apple. This month, as it unveiled the iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch in Cupertino, California, thousands of journalists live-blogged every detail of the carefully scripted event. But the company also ran its own live blog, a feed of perfectly lit images of the devices, shareable quotes from executives, retweeted endorsements from celebrities including Diddy and Katy Perry and a gushing running commentary (“So far, so amazing”). The front rows of the hall were reserved for Apple employees and guests, who provided periodic ovations for the media cameras behind them.
It is an uncomfortable fact for journalists that a business famous for its controlling approach to the media and its ambition to dictate its own story has become one of the world’s most successful – and usually gets glowing coverage. Apple is not alone: from the White House to Wall Street, journalists protest that they are getting less meaningful access to those in power than ever.
. . .
“People these days don’t care as much about where the story comes from as long as it tells them something,” says Tomas Kellner, a Columbia Journalism School-trained former Forbes journalist who now edits GE Reports.
General Electric’s online news site has evolved from a list of press releases to a virtual magazine using animated gifs, professional photography, videos and infographics (“all the different points of entry we used at Forbes”, Kellner notes) which features tales of innovation, science and technology from around the giant industrial group. Many are engaging and informative, and some – such as a feature on a Japanese indoor lettuce farm powered by 17,500 GE LED lights – get as many as 500,000 readers.
Kellner, who does most of the reporting, sees himself as following in the footsteps of Kurt Vonnegut, the Slaughterhouse-Five author who joined GE as a publicist in the 1940s. Vonnegut was one of its “early content gatherers”, roving around GE’s operations to find ideas for stories which he would then pitch to reporters, Kellner says.
People these days don’t care as much about where the story comes from as long as it tells them something
- Tomas Kellner, GE Reports
“There have been corporate newsrooms for ever but they were putting out press releases to try and get you guys to cover it,” notes Richard Edelman, whose family firm is the world’s largest PR agency. “Now it’s self-publishing. That’s the big difference.” Every company is now realising that it can be a media company, he says.
Companies’ self-published content often makes it into blogs, newspapers and news bulletins even without much pitching. “We get picked up by tech blogs like Gizmodo and Engadget quite regularly,” Kellner notes: “They sort of validate what we are doing.” For GE’s global head of digital programming, however, such tech blogs are also competition. “Our content has to be as good as theirs, if not better,” Katrina Craigwell told eMarketer in June.
In some areas, marketers are looking to fill gaps left by a retreating press. GE Reports has launched local versions from Indonesia to Europe, says Kellner, because “in an era when newspapers are closing foreign bureaux and cutting their foreign coverage, we’re moving the other way and trying by virtue of being a global company to tell the global story.” Indeed, Simon Sproule, a former communications director for Renault-Nissan who is now chief spokesman for carmaker Tesla, told PR Week that Nissan opened a media centre in Yokohama in part because so many international news organisations had closed their Japanese bureaux that “we felt our stories weren’t being told.” Its state of the art newsroom would put many television studios to shame, Barrett says.
GE and Nissan are not isolated examples. Sites such as Wells Fargo Stories, Target’s A Bullseye View, iQ by Intel and Shell’s “secret circuits” drivers’ guides to different cities are all well-produced examples of the growing genre. Much of the content looks as though it could have come from a magazine. On the Coca-Cola Journey site, such tweetable articles as “5 interview tips for millennials” sit alongside an on-brand feature from the doyenne of domesticity Martha Stewart on the Coke Float (a glass of cola topped off with vanilla ice cream). Indeed, much of it is produced by former journalists, says Ashley Brown, who built Coca-Cola’s content marketing programme before joining Spredfast, a self-described social marketing company. Brands need storytellers, and journalists represent the greatest pool of storytelling talent out there, he says. At Coca-Cola, “we wanted people who know how to package up a story with tension and emotion, and more importantly know how to do it quickly and efficiently.”
The Coca-Cola Journey website, blending general-interest and on-brand features
If they can produce content that is sufficiently emotionally engaging and useful, he notes, fans will share it on social media. “We advise customers that the world needs more great content,” Brown says. But broadcasters and magazines no longer have a lock on distributing compelling stories: individual consumers are just as likely to do the job for brands.
The strategy behind content marketing is similar to Michelin’s thinking when it produced its first guide for drivers in 1900 or machinery maker John Deere’s 1895 magazine for farmers, The Furrow, but the scale is dramatically different. Coke’s digital-era take on “brand journalism” or “content marketing” got more than 13 million visitors last year.
Some such content is less transparent about its origin and reads more like a lobbying campaign. A slick site called Advanced Energy for Life warns of the threat of “energy poverty”, applauds Australia for repealing its carbon tax and talks up coal’s importance in meeting the world’s energy needs in multimedia items including a video of America’s Got Talent star Jimmy Rose singing “Coal Keeps The Lights On”. Only in the small print is it mentioned that the site is sponsored by Peabody Coal, the world’s largest private-sector coal company.
. . .
Marketers talk about “paid media” (advertising they have to buy), “earned media” (from press coverage to word-of-mouth buzz) and a growing category called “owned media” (their websites, blogs and social media feeds). The attraction of “owned media”, by definition, is that brands neither have to pay a media outlet for it nor earn it by convincing a reporter that the story is worth covering. That is a problem for the news industry’s ad sales teams and newsrooms alike.
The pressures on news business models have forced the industry to innovate, and in newer newsrooms such as Buzzfeed, Mashable, Quartz and Vice, “native advertising” has become a favourite buzzword. There is little consensus about the definition but it typically means paid ads that look much like the articles and videos they sit alongside.
The Advanced Energy for Life website, sponsored by Peabody Coal
This digital spin on traditional advertorials has been dubbed “one of the great euphemisms of our time” by ESPN president John Skipper and “repurposed bovine waste” by comedian John Oliver, yet native advertising has won over some of the most established brands in news, with The New York Times and Time among those embracing the trend.
As well as featuring advertisers’ “paid posts” on its homepage, The New York Times is placing its own native ads: on Mashable, you can find “11 Inspiring Videos That Will Restore Your Faith in Humanity” under the label “presented by The New York Times”. It has been shared more than 3,000 times.
Some publishers have gone further, enthusiastically lending their editorial expertise to help brands improve their content. The Wall Street Journal’s newsroom is not involved in sponsored content but its commercial team tells advertisers it can “deploy sophisticated storytelling techniques in order to help brands create content-driven connections with audiences”. For some reporters and editors, this is tantamount to media being complicit in its own displacement. Yet few readers have protested.
For PR Week’s Barrett, this point is at the heart of the debate over whether “brand journalism” counts as journalism. “Is it news? At the end of the day, the consumer decides,” he says.
The news industry has not done a good job of saying what makes journalism different
- Ken Doctor, news analyst
As the lines blur between news and advertising, however, analysts such as Ken Doctor fear that not all consumers will be able to distinguish a news organisation’s story about BP from BP’s own stories about itself. “The Facebook stream and the Twitter feed have brought the numbing sameness to all content on the internet,” he says. With some critics already doubtful that journalists are capable of reporting news impartially, Doctor argues: “The news industry has not done a good job of saying what makes journalism different.”
For Edelman, head of the world’s largest PR firm, brands’ desire to place their content alongside journalists’ output is a sign that they understand that the public trusts the media’s stories more than those told by business. Edelman’s annual Trust Barometer survey found this year that 61 per cent of those polled across 25 countries trust traditional media, compared with 43 per cent who trust “owned media”.
Spredfast’s Brown believes the two industries can co-exist. “There’s always going to be a need for journalists who cover the world in an objective way,” he says. Besides, he notes, the surest way for branded content to get social media buzz is for it to be covered and shared by traditional news outlets.
As trust in business has fallen, the appeal of telling stories that humanise companies has grown. The history of advertorials shows that brands have long wanted their advertisements to look like news, but as the subjects of news increasingly want to decide what counts as news, and as they get ever more skilled at doing so, they are posing a challenge to journalism’s traditional storytellers.
Appropriately, the challenge may have been summed up best by the words of their new digital competitor at GE: “Our content has to be as good as theirs, if not better.”
Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson is the FT’s US news editor
Photographs: Courtesy of Hershey community archives; YouTube
Illustration by Lucas Varela

Poll: Why did PM Modi make the comment  Indian Muslims will live for India  die for India 15
0
The patriotism of Indian Muslims cannot be questioned, asserted Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his first ever international interview since assuming office.
"Indian Muslims will live for India and die for India. Al Qaeda delusional to think Indian Muslims will dance to its tunes," Modi told CNN.
Why do you think he made the statement. Take part in the IBNLive poll.
The patriotism of Indian Muslims cannot be questioned, asserted Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his first ever international interview since assuming office.
#narendra modi #tracking the modi government #narendra modi us visit #the modi interview
Poll
PM Narendra Modi says Indian Muslims will live for India and die for India. Why did he make such a statement?
As PM, he is genuinely concerned about all citizens of the country
It is a gimmick to ensure the success of his US tour
He made this statement keeping in view the upcoming Assembly elections
496

Jinping realistic  more principled than his predecessors: Dalai Lama4
0
New Delhi: Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama on Saturday hailed Chinese President Xi Jinping as "more realistic" and said he seems to have "more principles" than his predecessors.
He said there is no need of any conflict between India and China and "the only way is (to) remain peaceful on the basis of mutual trust."
"There are lot of changes. Since he (Xi Jinping) became President, judging him through his handling of problems, he is comparatively more realistic and with more principles," Dalai Lama told reporters on the sidelines of a two-day conclave of nine major religion representatives, organised by him.
Dalai Lama said there is no need of any conflict between India and China and "the only way is (to) remain peaceful on the basis of mutual trust."
#dalai lama #india #china #xi jinping
The Chinese President has spoken about importance of Buddhism in Chinese culture which, the Dalai Lama said, shows that Communist party leaders have the ability to act according to reality.
"Communist leaders for the first time mentioned about importance of spiritualism. This is something new," the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader said, adding, that he had long been seeking to visit Tibet but was denied permission by China. Jinping was in India on a three-day visit and left on Friday.
The Dalai Lama has been demanding more autonomy for Tibet, which is part of China, but so far China has been dismissive of his demands as well as status of a preeminent Tibetan leader.
Earlier in his speech, he said Indian Muslims can offer lessons in Sunni-Shia harmony as Shias, who are a minority sect in Islam, appear more safe in India than a Muslim country like Pakistan.
He stressed on the importance of inter-religious harmony as we are all human beings and said religious leaders need to rise above dogmas to reach out to everybody including atheists.
0

GMR s legal costs soar by 85% over Male AirportGMR's legal costs soar by 85% over Male Airport
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 20, 2014 08:35 PM IST
GMR Infrastructure has said that its legal costs shot up a good 85 per cent to Rs 375 crore during last fiscal as its ongoing dispute to wrest compensation from the Maldives government is proving costly. GMR Infrastructure has retained a battery of lawyers for its arbitration in Singapore, the first leg of which has been in favour of GMR.
The Arbitration had earlier this fiscal year ruled that GMR was wrongfully evicted from handling the 25-year contract at the Maldives International Airport. GMR is pressing for a compensation of $1.4 billion and a decision may be arrived on the quantum of compensation during this financial year.

Policy of the day allowed FIPB to clear Maxis deal: DEA officialPolicy of the day allowed FIPB to clear Maxis deal: DEA official
Gold for December delivery slipped to USD 1 216.60 an ounceGold for December delivery slipped to USD 1 216.60 an ounce
Ladakh: Another Chinese intrusion  over 50 troops enter Chumar38
9
Leh/New Delhi: A day after 100 troops were reported to have crossed into Indian territory, over 50 more People's Liberation Army(PLA) troops entered the the Chumar region of Ladakh on Saturday. The troops had earlier withdrawn from the same area.
The incursions are taking place even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his bilateral talks with Chinese President Xi Jinping raised the border dispute and urged China to move towards defining the Line of Actual Control.
The 50 personnel arrived in nine vehicles at Point 30R and they were in addition to the 35-odd pesonnel who were already camping at a hillock in the Chumar area itself, official sources said. Chumar is located 300 km Northeast of Ladakh.
The incursions are taking place even as Modi during his bilateral talks with the Chinese President raised the border dispute and urged China to move towards defining the LAC.
#narendra modi #china #lac #xi jinping
The Chinese soldiers immediately alighted from the vehicles and positioned themselves barely 100 metres away from the Indian Army, which had decided not to withdraw completely from the region even after the Chinese PLA had returned on their own to their side on Thursday night, the sources said.
The 30-R post in Chumar has been frequented by PLA often as Indian Army has kept an observation post which dominates the Line of Actual Control(LAC) and gives advantage to India in keeping a vigil on the Chinese activity deep across the border.
The 35-odd PLA men, who had returned on Friday morning at a different point in Chumar after going back the previous night, continued their stay for the second consecutive day on Saturday. The Chinese helicopters were air dropping food packets for its soldiers but had not violated the air space till now, the sources said.
The Army, which had started scaling down operations from the area following the Chinese withdrawal Thursday night, put a halt and again started pitching their tents bracing themselves for a possible stand-off, the sources said. The tension in this area erupted on Sunday when some of the Chinese workers, who were constructing road on their side,
started entering into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build road upto Tible, five km deep into the Indian territory.
The Indian army asked the Chinese workers to leave as otherwise they would face prosecution under Indian laws for
entering the country illegally.

India-Africa December summit cancelled due to Ebola8
0
New Delhi: The India-Africa Summit, which was scheduled to be attended by 53 countries in December, has been cancelled this year due to Ebola outbreak in that continent.
With the government expecting nearly 1000 delegates including ministers, government officials, business leaders and others, for the Summit, it was logistically difficult given the public health guidelines to manage, the Spokesperson in the External Affairs Ministry said.
He said the government will work with the African Union on the fresh dates for summit which will now be held only in 2015.
The third India-Africa Summit was to take place in Gurgaon on December four.
#india #africa #ebola #disease
The third India-Africa Summit was to take place in Gurgaon on December four.
The deadly Ebola virus had hit the region earlier this year and has killed nearly 2,200 people in several countries there. The UN Security Council has also declared the outbreak of the Ebola virus in West Africa a "threat to international peace and security".
1

Cycling into the hall of fameUpdated: September 20, 2014 20:48 IST
Cycling into the hall of fame
VIPASHA SINHA
Krithika Chidambaram, a resident of Porur, is likely to be the second woman from Tamil Nadu to have accomplished this feat
TOPICS
Completing strenuous courses, Krithika Chidambaram wins the title of Super Randonneur. VIPASHA SINHA traces the journey
One almost has to be a super human to be a Super Randonneur.
Randonneuring is a long-distance cycling sport, where riders compete in courses of 200 km or more in a limited time. Such events are called a randonée brevet and the series can be completed in any order. To get a Super Randonneur title, one has to complete a series of brevets (200km – 13.5 hours, 300km – 20 hours, 400km – 27 hours and then 600km – 40hours) in the same year.
Krithika Chidambaram (officially named ‘Porkodiyal’), a resident of Porur, is the second woman from Tamil Nadu to have accomplished this feat.
She is a fitness enthusiast, who has participated in events such as Chennai Trail Marathon – 2013, Chennai pink run, Auroville Marathon, Dream Runners Half Marathon and a couple of triathlons.
“I have been a regular at marathons. I saw my friends enrolling for this randonée brevets. At first I wondered how these people manage to accomplish the strenuous ride. When I successfully finished Half Iron Triathlon conducted by CTC in July 2014, I was confident of taking on bigger challenges,” she says.
On checking the website - https://sites.google.com/site/audaxindiarandonneurs/super-randonneurs, she realised that only four women have bagged the Super Randonneur title so far in India. “I wanted to achieve it and be one among such women. I started off it with 200 km, then did 400km followed by 300km and 600 km rides. It is a routine that tests not only physical fitness but also mental strength. It’s difficult and I’m glad I completed it,” she says.
An iPhone application developer by profession, she manages to go on regular runs. She dedicated her weekends to complete this feat. To complete the challenges she rode on the Highways. “I have cyclo-computer attached to my bike. I also use RunKeeper, an app to keep track of the distance I cover. I did the long distance rides on the ECR and the OMR route, and sometimes on NH 45.”
Krithika hopes she gets to do more challenging races or routines, where she can push her limits.

Good and positive thoughts sirji  really ur great sirji  keepit sirji ...542 Followers
Reposted about 61 days 19 hrs 48 min 10 sec ago by arvind151
You are 100% right.  All our TV channels are bathed in negativity and nothing but negativity.
Life never moves based on such negativity.
We should breed positive sentiment, only propagate positive trends and news.  It is possible to make money even in a bear market.  Bears are standing examples.
Think positive; act positive.

Minor typo in my previous post the statement should read "when i...Reposted about 61 days 18 hrs 31 min 2 sec ago by Anu & Ani
Whatsup ji, you have asked me a fantastic question -
For the benefit of others, let me repeat your question
" How can receivables be more than standalone sales ?
Standalone sales/revenue is: 25.7cr
standalone receivables is: 41.49cr "
To understand the answer to this question, let me explain a little bit about the modern system of accounting named as "Accrual accounting". As per the "Accrual accounting" system, revenues are recognized when the goods and services are delivered to the end of the customer. What this implies is that receipt of cash is not a precondition for recognising revenues and reporting the revenues and profits on the P&L.
Let`s assume that i run a company manufacturing shoes. Lets assume that you run a retail shop selling these shoes. Even if sell the shoes to you on credit, As soon  as i deliver the shoes to you, i can book my revenues and profits on the P&L.
When i receive your payment a month later, my balance sheet will not reflect the receipt of cash.
So typically when revenues are much lower than receivables, this implies that the company is doing a very good job of extracting money from the customers. This could also imply that the company is drawing up ficitious sales receipts to pump up the revenue and net profits.
Lets take the shoe manufacturing example. I can create dummy receipts showing the sales of 10,000 shoes and on my accounting books, i can show the pending amount as "receivables".This way, just before the quarterly results, i am cook my books and fool the investors who merely look at the P&L statement without delving into the details.
Feel free to ask me more questions. My entire mission on MMB is to educate the investor

Mhllk dydyit 6dydmhgfghijycgkyitjvufiCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Not at all  if sum one even posts sum info  that doesnt become the top...@ ALL GUYS ... IS IT JPA BOARD or SOME PERSONAL BLOG ???
@Guys,
It was a good day for us in the market. Market closed on a good bear note at 8042 levels. Below critical support 8050 levels.
Today trade summary.
1. BPCL shorts taken in the morning and booked the profits at T1 target. Profits 1-1.5%
2. REC short term call taken, and we achieved T1- 289 today only. Good 2% intraday profits for intraday traders, short term positional traders can keep for higher target with trail stoploss
Adani Power stopped out, but few traders were carrying it on closing basis stoploss, they should keep the levels of 50 on closing basis and go for targets.
Take care and see you all tomorrow.
Hmadan
In reply to : hmadan message
3.43 PM Sep 15th

Alibaba surges 38 pct on massive demand in Wall Street debut  stock closes at $93.89Alibaba surges 38 pct on massive demand in Wall Street debut, stock closes at $93.89
Reuters | New York | Published:  Sep 20 2014, 07:32  IST
Sep 20 2014, 07:32  IST
 

China to give foreign banks easier market accessChina to give foreign banks easier market access
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Sept 20:  
In a major bid to liberalise its banking sector, China has announced that it will lift a ban on foreign banks from opening more than one branch in a Chinese city, a move which could lead to Indian banks setting up more branches in the country.
“Foreign banks with sound risk controls and operation should be allowed to open more new branches in one city to enhance their capability to bolster the real economy,” the China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) was quoted as saying by the state-run Xinhua news agency.
As one of the moves to make the market access conditions for Chinese and foreign banks “more uniform’’, the CBRC also decided to abolish the “minimum operating capital” for setting up a branch bank.
Instead, a branch bank can be established so long as the applicant has the “disbursement capabilities for operating capital” and “operating funding is in place when the new branch is set up’’.
e-banking, debit card services
Putting them on an equal footing with Chinese banks, once operationalised, the step will allow foreign banks to introduce e-banking and debit card services without requiring any approval from authorities, the report said.
The new regulations leave registration capital requirements for wholly foreign-owned banks unchanged.
They still must have a minimum registration capital of one billion yuan (about $162.8 million) to set up financial institutions in China.
The new move could lead Indian banks speed up their efforts to open more branches in China. Currently SBI has opened two branches in China — one in Shanghai and another in port city of Tianjin.
About seven Indian banks have representative offices in different cities in China, while four, including SBI, have opened their branches mainly to take advantage of the burgeoning India-China bilateral trade which touched an all time high of $73.9 billion in 2011 but declined to $66.47 billion in 2013.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Doordarshan plans to broadcast 20 free channels on mobile phones from next yearDoordarshan plans to broadcast 20 free channels on mobile phones from next year
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 20:  
Public broadcaster Doordarshan plans to start broadcasting directly a bouquet of 20 free-to-air channels in partnership with private media houses on mobile phones from next year.
“At present you have choice of dish, cable and antenna.
The fourth choice that will come up is digital antenna which will offer bouquet of 20 free channels on TV this year and next year on mobile,” Prasar Bharti Chief Executive officer Jawhar Sircar told reporters on the sidelines of CII Big Picture Summit.
The service on mobile phones is being planned in Mumbai and Delhi to start with.
DVB-T2 Lite technology
Doordarshan will use DVB-T2 Lite technology which can be accessed through a dongle at present.
“Target is to start with all free-to-air channels operating at our DTH platform. We are asking them (private companies) to come and form a partnership. It can be accessed through a dongle. The moment telecom companies see it picking, they may embed it inside mobile phone,” Sircar said.
DVB-T (Digital Video Broadcast-Terrestrial) will transmit signal from TV towers and will not consume mobile Internet for TV viewing. The transmission will be facilitated through an application which will act as a switch to on TV service on mobile phones.
“We now don’t get to watch television during 10-12 hours of office time. Most of the things happen on either tablet or on mobile phone. There are so many people who travel daily and can watch channels on mobile phone as long as their battery supports without paying for the service. It will be supported by ad revenue,” Sircar said.
He said that it is estimated that India will have about 225 million smartphones by the end of this year and that he expected it to be around 185-190 million which is humongous and more than the population of many countries.
“Digital terrestrial is very famous in Europe because of cost efficiency. This is an offer that I come forward with. If 44 countries are working well on terrestrial, why are we junking it?” Sircar said.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Malaysia to seek justice for MH17 victims at...Malaysia to seek justice for MH17 victims at UN General Assembly
PTI Sep 20, 2014, 06.40PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Malaysia today said it will…)
KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia today said it will seek justice for the 298 victims of MH17 jetliner, shot down in eastern Ukraine, by raising the issue with world leaders at the UN General Assembly later this month.
Defence Minister Hishammuddin Tun Hussein said Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak , who will address the UN general assembly, would raise the matter with leaders like US President Barack Obama , Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Netherlands Prime Minister Mark Rutte.
"We are on the right platform to demand justice and bring to book those responsible for downing the aircraft. No one can deny us this right. Let's wait for the developments at the United Nations," he said.
Flight MH17 was shot down on July 17 as it was flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, killing all the 283 passengers and 15 crew on board.
The Boeing 777-200 aircraft had people from Malaysia, the Netherlands, Australia, Indonesia, the UK, Germany, Belgium, the Philippines, Canada and New Zealand among its 298 passengers on board.
Hishammuddin also said efforts would be made to search the missing Flight MH370 which dropped off radar on March 8 as it flew from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 227 passengers and 12 crew on board.
The Boeing 777 aircraft is still missing after an exhaustive search in the southern Indian Ocean where it is believed to have gone down after veering off course.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Akshay Kumar s The Shaukeens: why did they call it motion posterComments
The makers of The Shaukeens are trying their best to encash on the three characters that Ashok Kumar, Utpal Dutt and AK hangal played in the 1982 Basu Chatterjee classic. So much, that they did not even care for a poster in their 'motion poster' released on Saturday.
Conventional wisdom suggests that a poster is mainly about the visual aspect that you'd tease the audience with. But what Akshay Kumar, who is also the producer of the film, has shared on his Twitter wall isn't much of that. Unless, that is, you consider three dentures kept in water to be a visual treat. The voice-over nonetheless promises a fun trip.
The teaser has the tagline: 'a coming of age comedy' and features the voice of the three lecherous old men (Kher, Mishra and Kapoor) planning a trip to Bangkok for a fun holiday. 
"The Shaukeens are coming on November 7! Here's the motion poster. What do you guys think?" Akshay posted on Twitter along with the link of the poster.
Akshay Kumar and Lisa Hayden on the sets of Shaukeen.
#TheShaukeens are coming on Nov 7! Here's the motion poster. What do you guys think? http://t.co/XgnwlyjAd6
— Akshay Kumar (@akshaykumar) September 20, 2014
The project is a remake of 1982 film Shaukeen directed by Basu Chatterjee, starring Ashok Kumar, Utpal Dutt, AK Hangal, Rati Agnihotri and Mithun Chakraborty. Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor and Piyush Mishra reprise the roles of Ashok, Utpal and Hangal from the 1982 comedy.
The new film, helmed by Tere Bin Laden fame director Abhishek Sharma, also stars Lisa Haydon.

Uma says human excretion caused U khand floodsUma says ‘human excretion’ caused U'khand floods
Prithviraj Singh , Hindustan Times  Dehradun, September 16, 2014
First Published: 19:34 IST(16/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:56 IST(17/9/2014)
Comments
A year after floods devastated Kedarnath, Union water resources minister Uma Bharti has revealed the “underlying” cause of the disaster -- defecation near the shrine by non-believers.
Her observations came during an interaction with experts – albeit bemused -- of the Dehradun-based Himalayan Institute of Glaciology and Forest Research Institute. Pointing out that human excretory activities were forbidden within the natural boundary formed by the Mandakini and Saraswati rivers which flowed near the shrine in 1882, Bharti said, “However, as time passed, atheists came here, mainly for business purposes. This resulted in nature’s fury at Kedarnath in 2013”.
The minister also said that she was keen to restore the status of no-man’s land around the shrine which existed before 1882.
Saraswati has since been reduced to a mere trickle.
She, however, added that the “immediate reason” for the Kedarnath deluge was cloudburst and excessive rains in the state which had left over 6,000 people dead. “But the underlying reason was human excretion,” she added.
Bharti’s comments – which apparently defied scientific logic – came a few days after another of her ministerial colleague Maneka Gandhi said that funds from “illegal cow slaughter” was being used to fund Islamic terrorism.
Bharti is in Dehradun to discuss details for reconstruction of the Kedarnath shrine.
One among the four main pilgrimages in the Himalayan state known as the ‘char dham’, the Kedarnath shrine draws lakhs of devotees every year.

Palestines participation in 2014 Asian Games is national and political battleThe Palestine contingent in the Games' opening ceremony at Incheon. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Incheon | Posted: September 20, 2014 7:47 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 7:53 pm
The head of the Palestinian Olympic Committee told Saturday of the “battle” to get to the Asian Games just weeks after a brutal 50-day war in Gaza.
Jibril Al Rajoub said that 37 sports officials and journalists had died in the beleaguered strip during the conflict between Israel and Hamas.
Al Rajoub told AFP that three of the dead were sportsmen in Gaza.
“Our participation in Incheon is a national and political battle,” he said.
“Even although the Palestinian people are living in circumstances that limit their movement inside Palestine and outside also, and financial difficulties we are facing, we were able to take part in this Asian Games with 80 sportsmen, including seven women, in 12 disciplines,” the official said.
He praised the men’s football side which has won its first two games and sits top of its group.
The Palestinians have defeated Tajikistan and Oman, 2-1 and 2-0 respectively.
“Our football team is almost through to the second round,” al Rajoub enthused. “This is a big achievement for Palestinian sports and an excellent sign of our participation.
“All our players are under 22 with no one from the first team, which has already qualified for the Asian Cup in Australia,” in January, he added.
“But I’m sure that after the good performance here, some of the players will join the Asian finals.
“I feel that we have a good improvement in football and this comes after our achievement in the AFC Challenge Cup,” which the Palestinian side won, qualifying for the Asian Cup.
The Israeli-Hamas war ended with a truce on August 26. More than 2,140 Palestinians, most of them civilians, and 73 Israelis, mostly soldiers, were killed.
Our participation in Incheon is a national and political battle

Benazirs son Bilawal says will take entire Kashmir from IndiaBilawal Zardari, son of slain former Pakistan Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, has said his party would take back Kashmir from India, a swaggering assertion before his cheering political supporters that New Delhi dismissed on Saturday as “far from reality”.
 
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People's Party (PPP) which officially wants good ties with India. His party has been trying to recoup since its crushing defeat in elections last year.
 
He made the comments before party workers in Multan on Friday, flanked by former Prime Ministers Yousaf Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Asharaf.
 
"I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan," Bilawal, 25, said.
 
His mother was twice elected as prime minister while his maternal grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, who founded the PPP in 1967, also served as prime minister in 1970s.
 
Bilawal's father Asif Ali Zardari was Pakistan's president from 2008 to 2013.
 
Control of Kashmir, which has led to two of the three wars India and Pakistan fought since 1947, is principally split between the two countries, with a sparsely inhabited stretch of the Himalayan plateau called Aksai Chin also held by China.
 
Reacting to the PPP leader’s statement, India termed it "far from reality" and asserted the integrity and unity of the country was "non-negotiable".
 
"We are in the process of looking forward and looking forward does not mean that our borders will be changed,” foreign office spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, adding the comment took the two countries back to the past century.
 
“We made it very clear that as far as we are concerned, the integrity and unity of India is non-negotiable.”
 
In 2013, PPP leaders blamed threats the party received from the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) to be partly responsible for their election performance as the party could not hold election rallies for fear of terrorist attacks.
 
According to senior PPP leader, Sherry Rehman, the PPP is also considered one of the most vocal critics of the Taliban and has suffered as a result of its outspoken attitude. In the past, the TTP has attacked political rallies of the party.
 
Observers say that the PPP is now readying itself for elections and possibly it will take a less pro-India line as compared to its political opponents, the PML-N party headed by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
 
"The statement made by Bilawal  Bhutto can be seen as pure rhetoric in some ways to put Sharif on the defensive," commented analyst Talat Masood. Masood says that the PPP has the best record when it comes to relations with India.
 
"There is a genuine desire to seek better ties.”
 
Others say that this may signal a policy shift. "But it is too early to make that comment," said Ayaz Chaudhry, who writes on political affairs.
 
Bilawal's comment on Kashmir 'far from reality': India
Meanwhile, India termed as "far from reality" comment of Zardari that his party will get back entire Kashmir from it and asserted the integrity and unity of the country was "non negotiable".
 "We are in the process of looking forward and looking forward does not mean that our borders will be changed.
We made it very clear that as far as we are concerned, the integrity and unity of India is non negotiable," spokesperson in the external affairs ministry Syed Akbaruddin said.
 He said the comment was "far from reality which takes us back into the past century".
 

No new proposal from Shiv Sena  says BJP on seat-sharing rowComments
The Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) may have pledged to keep their alliance alive, amidst the seat-sharing row, but Saturday’s developments continued to threaten the country’s oldest alliance, with state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis objecting to the Sena’s revised offer.
Advertisement
Sources said, in a late night development, the BJP asked its district chiefs to be prepared for any outcome of the talks. The party has also identified candidates for all 288 Assembly seats if talks fail.
The Sena had earlier on Saturday proposed to give the BJP 126 seats, but only if nine of these seats are given to smaller allies. The Sena would keep 155 and give seven seats to ally Swabhimani Paksha.
“After giving away nine seats to allies, we will have only 117 seats for us,” Fadnavis said, after his meeting with Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray to discuss the seat sharing.
Earlier, Subhash Desai (the Sena leader who conveyed the offer to BJP) had asked Fadnavis to get in touch with Uddhav after thinking about the offer.
Sena leader Anil Desai - among the two leaders who conveyed the offer to the BJP at MP Poonam Mahajan’s residence - maintained there was no tension between the allies and expected the BJP to keep his party informed of the decision the BJP’s core committee takes. The core committee met twice on Saturday.
The core committee, however, was not happy with the Sena’s offer. Senior leaders even asked party high command to break the alliance, instead of facing consistent humiliation.
“Are we fools to accept this insane offer? Earlier they offered us 119, including a share for allies. The Sena must come down to 140 or else face break-up,” a leader told the core committee.
BJP’s state poll in-charge OP Mathur, who has been interacting with Sena leaders, including Thackeray’s son Aaditya, led a fresh round of talks on Friday night. The core committee has finalised a list of candidates to be approved by the high command.
 “Our central parliamentary board will meet in New Delhi on Sunday,” Mathur said.
Read: Seat-sharing row: Allies Shiv Sena, BJP try and hold on for now
BJP sources said their high command will take a decision only after the meeting between Fadnavis and Thackeray. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, his Cabinet colleague Nitin Gadkari and party president Amit Shah are monitoring the situation, they said.
Earlier this week, the Sena, with an eye on the chief minister’s post, refused to reduce its share from 169 (of 288) that it had in the 2009 polls. After offering the BJP 119 seats on Thursday, it revised the figure to 126, but with the rider of the nine seats.
 The BJP, however, insisted on 130 seats – five less than its earlier demand. It asked the Sena to come down to 140 seats and distribute the remaining 18 between four other allies. The BJP’s demand is based on the results of the Lok Sabha polls in May, where it won 23 seats and the Sena, 18.
The BJP has also been citing the fact that there are 59 Assembly seats the Sena has never won.
Talks between the allies was about to collapse last week, after Thackeray questioned the impact of a Modi wave for the state polls. Thackeray will meet Sena’s district unit chiefs on Sunday, where he may speak on the ongoing tussle over seat-sharing.
Meanwhile, the Election Commission issued a notification for the Assembly polls on Saturday. The returning officers started accepting nominations from candidates and the last date for this is September 27.

Asian Games 2014: Jitu Rai fires India to goldIndia bag 1 gold, 1 bronze on 1st day of Asian Games
Agencies
Incheon, South Korea, September 20, 2014
First Published: 10:36 IST(20/9/2014)
print
New shooting sensation Jitu Rai provided the first gold medal, while Shweta Chaudhry clinched a bronze as India launched their campaign in the 17th Asian Games with two medals on the opening day of the competitions in Incheon, South Korea on Saturday.
While Jitu struck gold in the 50m pistol event, Shweta's bronze came in the 10m air pistol competition at the Ongnyeon Shooting Range in Incheon but medal aspirants Heena Sidhu and Malaika Goel turned out to be disappointments as they failed to even reach the finals.
It was a reasonably good start for the Indian contingent, bagging a gold on the very first day of the Games, considered to be the second biggest after the Olympics.
Jitu Rai (L) celebrates with a team official after winning the men's 50m pistol individual final of the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea. (AFP Photo)
While the shooters stole the limelight, athletes in other sports also began their campaign on a bitter-sweet note.
Star shuttlers Saina Nehwal and PV Sindhu hammered their respective rivals in straight games as India clinched a 3-0 triumph over Macau China to enter the women's team event quarter-finals.
However, the men's team was outplayed by South Korea 0-3. K Srikanth and Commonwealth Games gold-medallist Parupalli Kashyap went down in contrasting fashions while the doubles team of Sumeeth Reddy and Manu Attri also failed to come good.
The Indian women's tennis team was also off to a winning start as it blanked Oman 3-0 in the first round.
Prarthana Gulabrao Thombare and Ankita Raina notched up contrasting singles victories before the pairing of Natasha Marie Anne Palha and Rishika Sunkara was handed a walkover in the doubles match.
But the star of the early proceedings was undoubtedly armyman Jitu. The 27-year-old showed steely grit to get the better of a strong field, which included two-time Olympic champion Jin Jongoh of South Korea, to snatch the gold off the final shot in a straight duel with Vietnamese rival Nguyen Hoang Phuong.
Read: Jitu Rai does Army Marksmanship Unit proud
The Vietnamese, in fact, was leading the Indian ace, who had recently won the gold at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games and a silver at the Granada World Championships going into this competition. But the Indian clinched the issue on the last shot.
Jitu shot 8.4 after his rival had fumbled with a poor 5.8 to win the gold with an overall tally of 186.2, as compared to Nguyen's 183.4.
This was Jitu's sixth medal on the trot in international competitions this year.
The bronze was clinched by China's Wang Zhiwei (165.6).
Jitu thus became only the second Indian pistol shooter to clinch an Asian Games title after Jaspal Rana and the fourth shooter overall after shotgun experts Randhir Singh in 1978 and Ronjan Sodhi in 2010.
However, the Indian men's team finished fourth with Jitu's teammates Om Prakash (555) and Onkar Singh (551) ending up 10th and 16th respectively.
Earlier, Shweta, competing with a gun she was not used to as her own gun had been held back by the Korean Customs, secured the bronze medal in the 10m range in air pistol with a total tally of 176.4 behind champion Zhang Mengyuan of China (202.2) and runner-up Jung Jeehae of South Korea (201.3).
Shweta's teammates Heena Sidhu (378) and Malaika Goel (373) ended up 13th and 24th respectively while the trio as a team got the fifth spot from among 14 teams.
Shweta defied odds, a travel-weary schedule and absence of her regular weapon to provide India with their first medal.
The 28-year-old had to eliminate a rival through a shoot-off to ensure the bronze in the women's 10m air pistol event.
Having qualified for the eight-strong final list with a total score of 383 even as her more fancied teammate Heena Sidhu got eliminated, Shweta showed exemplary poise to fight her way back.
She managed to stave off early elimination by being the third best after the first eight shots, recovering from sixth position. She had a poor 8.4 when the last four shooters were standing which forced a play-off with China's Guo Wenjun to decide who remains in the competition.
Shweta was leading Guo 138.3 to 137.9 when she became nervous and a poor mark of 8.4 followed to force the shoot-off in which she shot 10.7 while her Chinese rival came up with only 10.0 to be eliminated.
In the badminton event, Saina opened the proceedings for the team and hardly broke a sweat before thrashing Kit Ieng Wong 21-6 21-4 in just 21 minutes.

Standoff worsens as Chinese troops enter Chumar region againThe Army, which had started scaling down operations from the area following the Chinese withdrawal Thursday night, put a halt and again started pitching their tents bracing themselves for a possible stand-off, the sources said.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 7:31 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 7:58 pm
The standoff in Chumar region in Ladakh worsened on Saturday after a second intrusion by Chinese army personnel in two days was reported at another point after they had withdrawn from the same area.
Around 50 personnel of People’s Liberation Army(PLA) arrived in nine vehicles at Point 30R and they were in addition to the 35-odd personnel who were already camping at a hillock in the Chumar area itself, official sources said. Chumar is located 300 km Northeast of Ladakh. The Chinese soldiers immediately alighted from the vehicles and positioned themselves barely 100 metres away from the Indian Army, which had decided not to withdraw completely from the region even after the Chinese PLA had returned on their own to their side on Thursday night, the sources said.
Also read: Hours after Modi-Xi meet, Chinese troops withdraw from Indian territory 
The 30-R post in Chumar has been frequented by PLA often as Indian Army has kept an observation post which dominates the Line of Actual Control(LAC) and gives advantage to India in keeping a vigil on the Chinese activity deep across the border.
The 35-odd PLA men, who had returned yesterday morning at a different point in Chumar after going back the previous night, continued their stay for the second consecutive day today. The Chinese helicopters were air dropping food packets for its soldiers but had not violated the air space till now, the sources said.
Read: India, China sign off: Strategic goal is to fix our border early
The Army, which had started scaling down operations from the area following the Chinese withdrawal Thursday night, put a halt and again started pitching their tents bracing themselves for a possible stand-off, the sources said.
The tension in this area erupted on Sunday when some of the Chinese workers, who were constructing road on their side, started entering into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build road upto Tible, five km deep into the Indian territory.
The Indian army asked the Chinese workers to leave as otherwise they would face prosecution under Indian laws for entering the country illegally.
The 30-R post in Chumar has been frequented by PLA often

Cross-border crimes topped Rajnath s Nepal visit agendaCross-border crimes topped Rajnath s Nepal visit agenda
3-Year-Old Girl Who Survived 11 Days in Siberian Forest Discharged from Hospital3-Year-Old Girl Who Survived 11 Days in Siberian Forest Discharged from Hospital
Wait for correction in morephen lab.Platinum Member
437 Followers
Normal correction period takes 15-30 days but sometime it takes little longer and that can last for 2-3 months. Ihave already mentioned in some of my previous posts that it has strong support at 0.30 and will trade between 0.30-0.45
during these correction period. Since, it is trading under bearish ichimoku cloud so i am expecting it to tradelast 1 more week under this cloud in sideways and move little closer to bullish ichimoku cloud so that its bounceabove 0.40 gets strong support by this bullish cloud. Below are the positives which i am looking at:
1) More time when a stock takes in correction than the normal correction period it tends to give more stip bounce.
2) During this correction period it has strongly supported at 0.30 and traded between 0.30-0.45 level and not
broken 0.30 level.
3) During september 14 till date almost 7 crore shares has been distributed out of 20 crore shares of accumulation
till july 14 which i have mentioned in one of my earlier posts. But this distribution has not dragged the share
price below 0.30 rather distributed between 0.30-0.45
When distribution happens but price remains in a range then it is taken as positive because profit booking and
accumulation is happening within a price range. This happens before a upmove.
4) All the technical indicators are either oversold or sideways.
I have read that many boarders have either booked loss in the hope that when it starts its upmove they will again
enter into this stock. I would like to inform them that this is the lowest levels at which it is available rightnow. Once it starts its upmove it will go upto 0.65 and then gives a retrenchment reversal upto 0.40(Upper level ofbullish ichimoku cloud). So, u will get last time to enter at higher level only at 0.45-0.50 and upmove from that levelwill take it upto Rs 1.30 circuit over circuit with maximum buy volume bided at upper circuit level. In that case u will not be able to buy even a single share and will remain sidelined from this stock and have no option to wait for its correction.

Karur vysya bank (this is not the same as ing vysya bank).Replies (2)
Guest
KVB refer to Karur Vysya Bank. The share was 372 5 months back and now kissed 550 within 3 to 4 months. It is a very good bank giving dividend of 130 to 140% continuously for years. Now it is entering 100th year of inception and expected 1:1 bonus, rights, extra divident and share split. Buy now at CMP and expect it to reach 1000 within 6 to 9 months. write this in your dairy and thank this unknown man if you wish latter on dear investors
11.47 AM Sep 22nd

IL&FS TransportationCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Keep calm and accumulate value stocks.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The Scot who kept the United Kingdom unitedBy Adam Taylor September 19 Follow @mradamtaylor
When historians come to write their account of the Scottish independence referendum of 2014, they may well point to a single speech as a decisive moment in the "no" victory. That speech, given by a Scotsman on the eve of the vote, called on the "silent majority" of Scottish voters to reject independence.
"This is everyone’s flag, everyone’s country, everyone’s street," former British prime minister Gordon Brown told a crowd in Glasgow. "And let us tell the people of Scotland that we who vote no, love Scotland and love our country."
The reaction to Brown's speech was unanimous. Historian Simon Schama, a prominent pro-union voice, called it a "wonderful speech" on Twitter , adding that "those of us who cherish UK hold heads high." Former Parliament member Louise Mensch also praised it. "I am not at all a fan of Gordon Brown," the Conservative tweeted , "but sometimes you have to swallow your pride and say: Cracker of a speech."
Now as the dust settles on a vote that had looked remarkably close to dissolving the United Kingdom, Brown is seen as the man who kept it together.
That role will come as a surprise to anyone who followed Brown's rocky years in 10 Downing Street. He was a man renowned for his intellect, but widely seen as bumbling and awkward. His time in office was fraught with difficulties, with a financial crisis and political infighting in his Labor party. The British nation never seemed to take to him, and he didn't come to be prime minister through the ballot box, but instead took over after his slick, PR-savvy predecessor Tony Blair resigned; the contrast between the two was hard to miss.
In the one election he contested as prime minister back in 2010, the Labor party suffered huge losses , and Brown, well-known for his love of the party, offered to step down to help Labor enter a coalition government. Brown's gambit failed, and Labor, now in opposition, selected Ed Miliband to replace him. Polls as recently as last year portrayed Brown's time in office as a disaster: YouGov found that almost a third of the British public considered him a "terrible" prime minister, more than anyone who had held office since 1979.
Since leaving office, Brown had taken a backseat in politics, making the occasional public speech but rarely making headlines. He was linked to a job as the head of the International Monetary Fund, but his bid appeared to fail. It was only in March that Brown surprised many by tackling the Scottish independence vote head on and by offering a 10-point plan to reform power-sharing between Scotland and the central British government.
According to various accounts, Brown was inspired to wade in due to what he saw as the negative style and lack of drive of the anti-independence "Better Together" campaign. In June, he warned Britain's Conservative government that they risked "patronizing" Scottish voters, adding that "countries can be lost by mistake." However, he was held at arms length by the campaign for some time: A historically unpopular former prime minister, renowned for his lack of charisma, whose leadership had coincided with a large loss of seats in Scotland, was understandably not an obvious choice to lead the charge.
Things changed. As the polls tightened, Brown, raised in a middle-class family in Fife, Scotland, seemed better suited to heading the campaign than Britain's other prominent politicians, who were mostly English and often from wealthier backgrounds. Scottish nationalists were loathe to directly criticize a British MP still popular with his Scottish constituents, and he held sway over many Scottish Labor voters who were still undecided on independence. Faisal Islam, political editor of Sky News, points to a narrowing of polls after the second televised independence debate as the catalyst for Brown taking over.
Brown gave a remarkable series of speeches all over Scotland before the final vote on Thursday. As the speech from Glasgow shows, his old, awkward self wasn't there. Brown seemed to have discovered the self-confidence that eluded him as prime minister. Perhaps now with nothing to fear from Britain's right-wing tabloid press (uniformly pro-union), Brown could reveal his passion.
The Scottish referendum and Brown's role in it now seem likely to change the way the history books see Brown too. It's particularly notable that Brown became the focus of the campaign, while his better known, smoother predecessor Blair (also born and partially raised in Scotland, but of English heritage), a man who has shadowed him for much of his political career, was not present at all.
And there may even be a new chapter for Brown. With his nationalist rival Alex Salmond stepping down as first minister of Scotland, some are touting Brown for the job.
People who voted against Scottish independence cheered as results were read, showing that a majority of voters had decided to keep Scotland in the United Kingdom. (AP)
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Pizza chain apologizes for using wrong  offensive  and hurtful Redskins name(AP Photo)
 
Friday morning at 11:04, local pizza chain Pete’s New Haven Style Apizza sent out an e-mail with a Redskins-based promotion. “Redskins Score, You Score,” was the subject line.
(Via a Pete’s e-mail.)
 
Putting aside the question of whether Pete’s can rightly use the Redskins name in its advertising, the chain apparently got negative feedback about the promotion, which was promising discounts based on the number of touchdowns Washington scores.
So about six hours later, Pete’s sent out another e-mail, this one with the subject line “Follow Up to Our Last Email.” The text:
Hey there it’s Joel from Pete’s,
We sincerely apologize for the use of Washington’s football team’s name in our most recent email. We are listening to all of your feedback, and it was not our goal to offend any of our loyal customers.
We agree that the use of the name is wrong, offensive, and hurtful to all. In our future promotions and emails, we will make sure not to make the same mistake.
We thank you for your continued support of our business.
The note was signed by Joel Mehr, identified as the restaurant’s co-founder. Pete’s has four locations: in Silver Spring, Friendship Heights, Columbia Heights and Clarendon. And if some loyal customers were offended by the use of the Redskins name, I’m pretty sure that some loyal customers will also be miffed at the “wrong, offensive, and hurtful to all” retraction.
(Via Tadas)
@jfalcusan We’re sorry our most recent email offended you. We agree that it’s wrong to use that name, and we won’t make the same mistake.
— Pete’s New Haven (@petes_newhaven) September 19, 2014
@randomduck We’re sorry our most recent email offended you. We agree that it’s wrong to use that name, and we won’t make the same mistake.
— Pete’s New Haven (@petes_newhaven) September 19, 2014
(Via a Pete’s e-mail.)
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Dont ask  dont tell is over. But challenges remain for LGBT vets and service membersBy Emily Wax-Thibodeaux September 20 Follow @emily_wax
(Scott Olson/Getty Images)
Three years ago, the military ended the 18-year ban on gays serving openly in the military, a policy known as “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell.”
It was an emotional milestone eagerly anticipated by gay rights activists around the country and watched around the world.
But today, despite significant gains, a host of challenges remain for LGBT service members and their families. They range from the denial of full veterans benefits through the Department of Veterans Affairs if a couple lives in non-marriage equality state to medical regulations that continue to prevent transgender service members from openly serving, said David Stacy, government affairs director for the Human Right’s Campaign  which has released a list of remaining problems for the anniversary.
When the Supreme Court struck down part of the Defense of Marriage Act in United States v. Windsor, most agencies across the federal government – including the Department of Defense – began recognizing all legally married same-sex couples, regardless of where they live.
But because of an inconsistency in the statute that regulates veterans’ benefits, the Department of Veterans Affairs has only been fully recognizing married same-sex couples in states that have marriage equality, Stacy said.
“That means that legally married service members can receive the federal benefits they have earned from the Department of Defense, but if they don’t live in the right state, the Department of Veterans Affairs can treat them as legal strangers,” Stacy said.
The lack of access to these services and benefits can be painful, from the inability to access Veterans Administration home loans to being ineligible for survivor benefits if a spouse is killed in action.
Steven Rains last year lost his husband, Don Condit a veteran, to cancer that was linked to a chemical exposure while he was serving in Vietnam. They were married in California in 2008, and were together a total of 32 years.
But because he lives in Texas, a non-marriage equality state, he is currently being denied survivor benefits from the VA.
“The VA said that this was an Agent Orange disease and he was seeking treatment at a VA hospital,” said Rains, a in telephone interview from Fort Worth.  “I just turned 60 this year and I had to take off work when Don got sick. These benefits would be very helpful like they are to straight couples or anyone else who lives in a marriage equality state.”
The human rights group is also pushing for open service for transgender individuals.
“Our LGBT service members and veterans have sacrificed for our nation and served with honor, just like their counterparts,” Stacy said. “They and their families certainly deserve to be treated equally and fairly. There is still a lot to do.”
 
Emily Wax-Thibodeaux is a National staff writer who covers veterans, veterans' affairs and the culture of government. She's an award-winning former foreign correspondent who covered Africa and India for nearly a decade. She also covered immigration, crime and education for the Metro staff.

Bilawal s comment far from reality  says Govt |  PPP will get entire Kashmir from IndiaBilawal Bhutto Zardari
(India today termed as "far…)
NEW DELHI: India today termed as "far from reality" comment of PPP leader Bilawal Bhutto Zardari that his party will get back entire Kashmir from it and asserted the integrity and unity of the country was "non negotiable".
"We are in the process of looking forward and looking forward does not mean that our borders will be changed. We made it very clear that as far as we are concerned, the integrity and unity of India is non negotiable," Spokesperson in the External Affairs Ministry Syed Akbaruddin said.
He said the comment was "far from reality which takes us back into the past century".
Addressing party workers in Multan region in Punjab yesterday, Bilawal, the 'Gen-Next' politician of Pakistan, had said his PPP would get back entire Kashmir from India.
"I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan," said the scion of highly influential Bhutto family.
When Bilawal made these remarks, he was flanked by former prime ministers Yousaf Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Asharaf.
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People's Party which officially wants good ties with India.
His mother, former slain premier Benazir Bhutto, was twice elected as prime minister while his maternal grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, who founded the PPP in 1967, also served as prime minister in 1970s.
Bilawal's father Asif Ali Zardari was Pakistan's president from 2008 to 2013.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New Zealand s Key wins third term as rival concedes defeatNew Zealand s Key wins third term as rival concedes defeat
Asian Games 2014 Day 1 Round-up: Indian Shooters on Target  as Squash Players alAsian Games 2014 Day 1 Round-up: Indian Shooters on Target  as Squash Players al
MSME sector facing uncertain future in Bengal: MinisterMSME sector facing uncertain future in Bengal: Minister
Non-Bailable Warrant issued against BJP MP SriramuluPrint
Press Trust of India | Bellary | Posted: September 20, 2014 7:55 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 8:15 pm
A Bellary court has issued a Non-Bailable Warrant against BJP Lok Sabha member B Sriramulu in connection with a case of cheating filed against him.
The Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate here has ordered the issue of NBW on a complaint of cheating involving Rs 2.96 crore which has been registered against Sriramulu.
A functionary of Sriramulu’s erstwhile party BSR Congress had filed the complaint in April claiming he was promised a ticket by him to contest the Lok Sabha polls or that he would be made an MLC.
Sriramulu had issued a cheque, but it was dishonoured, the complainant, Somashekar from BSR Congress, Mysore district unit, had alleged.
In the complaint, registered with Bellary rural police, Somashekhar alleged that when he approached Sriramulu for not honouring the promise, he was threatened.
Sriramulu had, however, dismissed the allegations as an attempt to tarnish his image and a “political conspiracy” against him.
Sriramulu, a one-time close associate of former minister and mining baron Janardhana Reddy, had floated BSR Congress two years ago but rejoined BJP, leaving his outfit.

Modi s statement on Indian Muslims is not political but nationalistic: BJP8
0
New Delhi: BJP on Saturday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi's statement on Indian Muslims is not "political but nationalistic" and hit out at those deriving negative meaning from it, saying they have realised that secularism can no longer be used to win votes.
"Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not given this statement to satisfy the so-called champions of secularism but to show pride and belief in the patriotism of Muslims of India. All the champions of secularism who have done injustice from the last 10 years by symbolising the beard and cap with 'Made in Al-Qaeda', they are the ones who have been taking out negative meaning from Modi's statement, as they have clearly realized that they can no longer use secularism for vote," BJP vice president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said.
The BJP leader said the Prime Minister's statement is a "befitting reply to those terror outfits, who are trying to create a chaotic atmosphere to recruit the Indian Muslim in their terror activities."
Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said that the BJP and Narendra Modi are working with the pledge of "Ek Bharat-Shrestha Bharat" and with the goal of "Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas".
#abbas naqvi #bjp #muslims #narendra modi
He said that the BJP and Narendra Modi are working with the pledge of "Ek Bharat-Shrestha Bharat" and with the goal of "Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas".
The BJP leader said that for the economically, socially and educationally-backward people, of which Muslims are also a part, a hope for development has been kindled and there is anger towards those who misguided them.
Naqvi said that the Modi government is strongly moving forward with the pledge for social and economic well-being of people, due to which today a positive environment of development and trust is created all over the country, in this positive environment some powers are doing dirty politics.
He accused terrorist organisations like al-Qaeda, ISIS to have an insane drive to end the morals of humanity and these kind of terrorist organisations have taken Islam as a shield for carrying out terror activities.
1

Life imprisonment for 19-year-old caseLife imprisonment for 19-year-old case
Ravindra Jadeja incident went too far  says James AndersonPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 20, 2014 8:49 pm
ICC ruled that both players were not guilty of their charges and let them off.
(Source: AP File)
Reflecting on his infamous altercation with India all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja, England pace spearhead James Anderson said the matter that brought a great deal of stress to him “went too far” and could have been dealt with on the day of the incident itself.
“I felt it went too far – the whole process was too much,” Anderson was quoted as saying by ‘Sky Sports’.
“It could have been dealt with on the day, it could have been dealt with after the game but unfortunately it turned into a long, drawn out process but thankfully common sense prevailed in the end,” he said.
India had claimed that Anderson shoved Jadeja without provocation inside the pavillion during the first Test at Trent Bridge in July. However on August 1, both Anderson and Jadeja were not found guilty of breaching the ICC code of conduct and cleared for the fourth Test.
The veteran of 380 Test and 257 ODI wickets described the controversial episode as one of the most stressful periods of his successful career.
“It was probably one of the most stressful periods that I’ve been through whilst I’ve been in the England team.
“It was constantly there – whether it was talking to solicitors, whether it was ‘we’ve got meetings here’, whatever it was, it was a constant thing.
“I just wanted it to go away so I could concentrate on the cricket. But I thought that everyone dealt with it brilliantly. The ECB were great; they backed me all the way and I’m very grateful for that,” explained the 32-year-old.
Anderson spoke at length about what he thought of the incident, justifying his behaviour in a way.
“I was just having a chat off the field. When we’re on the field out in the middle, the umpires are there to oversee that – if they think we overstep the mark they step in and take over; if it’s serious enough they’ll report it to the match referee and it gets dealt with like that.
“It’s something I’ve always been aware of. I feel like I need to be aggressive on the field because I’m not a big presence on the field, like Chris Tremlett or Stuart Broad; being aggressive has helped me do my job for the team.
“But I’m very aware of the boundaries and of overstepping the mark – and if I’ve ever been close the umpires are straight on it; there are stump microphones there. I’m very aware of everything there and I don’t overstep the mark,” he added.

Mitchell Marsh powers Perth Scorchers to stunning win over DolphinsPress Trust of India | Mohali | Posted: September 20, 2014 8:16 pm
Mitchell Marsh hit successive sixes off the last two deliveries as Perth Scorchers from Australia beat South Africa’s Dolphins by six wickets in a group league match of the Champions League T20.
Needing 12 off the last two deliveries, Marsh dispatched seamer Robbie Frylinck over deep mid-wicket and long-on to successfully chase down a target of 165 set up by the Dolphins.
Ther final six sparked off wild celebrations as it turned out to be a disappointing end for the unfancied Dolphins, who were favourites till final two deliveries of the match.
It was ironical that Frylinck, who himself while batting hit two sixes off Yasir Arafat during the last over of the Dolphins innings, couldn’t defend those two big hits, when he came on to bowl the final over in the Scorchers innings.
Predictably, Marsh was awarded man-of-the-match award for his 40 off 26 balls with three fours and two sixes.
For Scorchers, the foundation was laid by a 55-run partnership for the second wicket between Craig Simmons (48, 36 balls) and Sam Whiteman (45, 32 balls).
Simmons’ innings had five fours and two sixes while Whiteman smashed six boundaries apart from a six.
It was further consolidated by a third wicket stand of 49 off six overs between Marsh and Whiteman.
However it was Ashton Agar (15), who joined Marsh as the duo upped the ante towards the end before Marsh ended with a bang with those two maximums.
Earlier, Dolphins overcame a top-order collapse to put up a fighting 164 for seven after opting to bat.
Khaya Zondo anchored the Dolphins innings with a well-crafted unbeaten 63 off 50 balls which consisted of seven boundaries while Keshav Maharaj (29) was the second highest scorer.
The Dolphins lifted their game during the final quarter of their innings as they hammered 67 runs in the last six overs after being reduced to 97 for six at the end of the 14th over.
It was Frylinck, who hit two huge sixes off Pakistani paceman Yasir Arafat, to take Dolphins’ score past 160-run mark.
However, it was 24-year-old Natal batsman Zondo, who came in at No 5 and batted till the end. He was especially severe on Jason Behrendorff (3/46) as four of his seven boundaries came off the left-arm seamer’s bowling. Zondo also used his feet well against veteran chinaman bowler Bradd Hogg as he danced down the track to help himself to a couple of boundaries.
With skipper Morne van Wyk (4), Cameron Delport (8) and Cody Chetty (0) back in the dressing room with scoreboard reading 12, Zondo in company of Maharaj, stemmed the rot adding 32 runs for the fourth wicket.
Glovesman Daryn Smit (21) also added valuable 30 runs with Zondo, who held one end up initially.
However it was the final flourish that made the total look respectable.

Qaeda Tunisia offshoot offers backing to ISPrint
Agence-France Presse | Tunis | Posted: September 20, 2014 8:07 pm
An Al-Qaeda-linked Tunisian group has offered backing to the Islamic State organisation that has overrun chunks of Iraq and Syria, becoming the third jihadist group to do so this week, a US-based monitor says.
Okba Ibn Nafaa, whose militants Tunisian armed forces have been hunting in mountains near the Algerian border for two
years, has identified itself with Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, the international jihadist network’s North African branch.
On Tuesday, AQIM and the Yemen-based Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) urged jihadists in Iraq and Syria to unite against the common threat from a US-led coalition assembled to fight IS.
“The mujahedeen brothers in the Okba Ibn Nafaa Brigade from… (Tunisia) are supporting, endorsing, and strongly sustaining the State of the Islamic Caliphate,” the group said, quoted by SITE Intelligence Group late yesterday.
“They are urging it to move forward in breaking the borders and crushing the thrones of the tyrants everywhere,” SITE quoted a statement on Facebook as saying.
The Tunisian army accused the jihadists in July of killing 15 soldiers in the restive border region in the bloodiest day in the army’s history.
Several weeks before that, the group claimed an attack on the home of the interior minister.
Since the 2011 revolution that toppled dictator Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, Tunisia has faced a resurgence in activity by jihadists, who were among Islamist groups suppressed by the previous regime.

Maha polls: BJP-Sena seat-sharing tangle continuesMaha polls: BJP-Sena seat-sharing tangle continues
NCP gives Congress a day to decide on seat-sharing for Maharashtra polls3
0
Mumbai: Going on the offensive, NCP on Saturday gave Congress a day to revert on the issue of seat-sharing for the October 15 Assembly polls in Maharashtra, saying it will "wait a day longer".
"The filing of nominations has begun. We can wait for a day longer for Congress' response on our proposal on quantum of seats," senior NCP leader Praful Patel told reporters but clarified it was not meant to be an ultimatum.
"It is not a case of NCP issuing an ultimatum. You can say it's the Election Commission which has done it as time for filing papers is very little," he said when asked of his party was issuing an ultimatum to Congress.
Pawar had met Congress President Sonia Gandhi on August 6 and said the two parties would go to the hustings together.
#maharashtra assembly polls #maharashtra #ncp #congress
"We want some official intimation from them by tomorrow failing which I will meet CM Prithviraj Chavan on Monday morning," he said.
Asked if NCP would go it alone if need be, Patel said," this option is open for all parties."
There has been no response from Congress to our demand for 144 seats despite top leaders of the two parties meeting weeks ago, Patel, a confidante of NCP chief Sharad Pawar, said.
Pawar had met Congress President Sonia Gandhi on August 6 and said the two parties would go to the hustings together.
"We received a proposal that NCP should contest 124 seats, 10 more than what we contested in 2009 polls. We want to clarify that 124 is the number of seats we contested in 2004," Patel said, adding the old formula does not apply now after NCP got more Lok Sabha seats than the Congress in Maharashtra.
0

Delhi: Teacher held for sodomising studentmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Villagers in Jammu and Kashmir allege no relief from governmentSep 20, 2014 at 08:40pm IST
Villagers in Jammu and Kashmir allege no relief from government
10
0
Pulwama (JK): Alleging that no relief work has reached them since the tragedy struck the state, villagers of Gulzarpora said they are an an "unfortunate lot", as anger brewed among them over the harried experience in coming to terms with a natural disaster.
Gulzarpora, with a population of around 3000 people, is less than 10 kilometres away from the main town here, in this south Kashmir district.
First it was the floods that almost wiped out the village of 300 families, along with their cattle and crops - leaving them not only shelter-less but without food as well - and now even after 15 days since the tragedy struck, they have seen no relief from the government.
Gulzarpora, with a population of around 3000 people, is less than 10 kilometres away from the main town here, in this south Kashmir district.
#jammu and kashmir #floods #gulzarpora #relief
"We have seen no one from the government visit here except a local patwari (revenue official) who compiled a report of the destruction," a local, Ghulam Nabi Hajam, alleged.
The villagers claimed that had it not been for the people from the nearby areas, there would have been many casualties.
"The locals from the nearby villages of Rengipora, Badriwan, Banderpora, Tahab and others rescued us. We caught hold of the television cables to wade through 8-10 feet of waters," Hajam said.
Another local, Ali Mohammad Wani, whose house was destroyed by the flood waters, said the main problem the villagers face was shelter as around 95 per cent of the houses in the village had been damaged.
Wani said tents were the need of the hour in the village and alleged government had failed to provide succour to the people in their hour of grief.
"The only relief we got was from the people of the nearby districts like Shopian and some Delhi-based NGOs, but how long will it last?" he said.
Hajam said the entire village mostly depends upon agriculture but the crops had been washed away and destroyed.
"Our crops have been destroyed. What will we eat? Whatever we had stored has been washed away too," he said.
7

West Bengal Governor asks Jadavpur University student delegation to maintain disciplineSep 20, 2014 at 08:39pm IST
West Bengal Governor asks Jadavpur University student delegation to maintain discipline
8
0
Kolkata: West Bengal Governor KN Tripathi on Saturday advised the agitating students of Jadavpur University (JU), of which he is the chancellor, to maintain discipline and restore its 'peaceful atmosphere' from Monday.
"A delegation of seven students of Jadavpur University met the chancellor. They put forth their grievances. The chancellor patiently listened to them and advised them to maintain discipline and restore peaceful atmosphere in the university from Monday (September 22)", a Rajbhavan official said.
JU students have been boycotting classes since Wednesday demanding Vice-chancellor Abhijit Chakrabarti's resignation after a police crackdown on them.
JU students have been boycotting classes since Wednesday demanding Vice-chancellor's resignation after a police crackdown on them.
#west bengal #jadavpur university #governor
Thousands of students, including from Presidency and Calcutta universities and other educational institutions took to the streets of the city during the day in a show of solidarity demanding an impartial probe into the alleged police lathicharge on JU students and the VC's resignation.
The march started from the state-run Nandan, the cultural hub of the city but the students were stopped by police at Mayo Road near the heart of the city. Following this the delegation went to meet the governor.
The protesters raised slogans against the police, the VC and the Trinamool Congress government. The march caused a gridlock in the central business district of the city.
Students had gheraoed the VC, registrar and other members of the executive council of JU on the intervening night of September 16 and September 17 demanding a fresh probe panel to investigate the alleged sexual harassment of a girl student inside the campus on August 28.
The VC had said he feared for his life and called the police, who intervened to break the gherao in the early hours of September 17 and arrested 35 students.
Many of them had later alleged that they were brutally beaten up by police inside the campus that night. Refuting the allegations of the lathicharge, Kolkata police commissioner Surajit Kar Purakayastha had said on September 18 that the situation could have turned worse had police not intervened as there were reports of armed miscreants having entered the campus.
State Education Minister Partha Chatterjee had said the government would not tolerate student indiscipline under any circumstance and the impasse at JU could be solved through discussions and negotiations.
8

Jadavpur University students hold march  demand VCs resignation; governor intervenesPress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: September 20, 2014 9:40 pm
Braving rains thousands of students marched through the city’s streets on Saturday  demanding resignation of Jadavpur University (JU) vice-chancellor as West Bengal Governor K N Tripathi intervened to end the four-day old stalemate in the prestigious educational institution.
Students from Presidency University, Calcutta University and other educational institutions joined the march in a show of solidarity demanding resignation of JU VC Abhijit Chakrabarti after the alleged brutal police action on students inside JU campus in the early hours of Wednesday.
They were stopped by police near Mayo Road crossing in the heart of the city following which the students launched a sit-in at the spot demanding the VC’s resignation.
View Picture Gallery
Representatives of students later had a two-hour-long meeting with governor, who intervened to end the stalemate.
A Raj Bhavan official said the governor, who also the chancellor of JU, advised the agitating students to maintain discipline and restore its ‘peaceful atmosphere’ from Monday.
“A delegation of seven students of Jadavpur University met the chancellor. They put forth their grievances. The chancellor patiently listened to them and advised them to maintain discipline and restore peaceful atmosphere in the university from Monday (September 22),” he said.
“The governor sir gave us a patient hearing. He expressed his moral support to our cause and said that he will look into each and every aspect including the barbaric police action on the students,” a JU students’ representative told reporters after the meeting at Raj Bhavan here.
The students, he said, have handed over a CD to Tripathi which has video clipping of the police action on the students.
“The governor sir sought time till Monday morning. So till then our academic strike will go on but we are withdrawing the sit-in (at Mayo Road) for the time being. We will again meet on Monday at 12 noon and decide our next course of action after seeing the steps taken by chancellor,” he said.
The students procession raised slogans against the police, the JU VC and Trinamool Congress government. It caused a traffic snarl in the city’s central business district.
“The government changes but the attitude of those who are in power never changes. In 2005 during the Left rule police too had beaten us inside the campus,” a protester said.
JU students have boycotted classes on their demand for the VC’s resignation. Those in the mass communication department have boycotted their examination on September 18.
Meanwhile, an apology attributed to the VC was posted on the university website , which official sources denied claiming it had been hacked.
“I am sorry” was the message posted on the website in VC Abhijit Chakrabarti’s page.
Registrar Pradip Ghosh clarified that he had spoken to the VC and continued…

Kashmir comment: Bilawal Bhutto  daydreaming   says CongKashmir comment: Bilawal Bhutto  daydreaming   says Cong
Wal-Mart extends e-commerce platform to Vijayawada  GunturWal-Mart extends e-commerce platform to Vijayawada  Guntur
Saumen Chakraborty is India s Best CFO  this yearSaumen Chakraborty of Dr Reddy's Laboratories is India's Best CFO, this year
Arunima Mishra     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 22:54 IST
CFO Winner Saumen Chakraborty, President & CFO, Dr Reddy's Lab
Business Today-YES Bank Best CFO Awards 2014
"India's energy sector is linked to renewable energy," said Piyush Goyal, the Minister of State with independent charge for Power, Coal and New & Renewable Energy, in his keynote address at the fifth Business Today-YES Bank Best CFO Awards 2014. The best chief financial officers of the country were honoured at this event, held on Thursday (September 18) at the Taj Mahal Hotel, New Delhi.
India Today Group Editor-in-Chief Aroon Purie referred to CFOs as financial wizards in his address. "The CFOs are the people who have managed their money well, and have led their CEOs in a path that's less risky and less cumbersome," Purie said, adding how the Business Confidence Index is looking up in the Narendra Modi-led government.
Goyal, a qualified chartered accountant and the Chief Guest at the Best CFO Awards, congratulated the winners as well as the nominees for their exemplary work, and the India Today Group for paying respect to the community that stays behind the scene. "I feel this is where I belong... I'm sure the selection must have been rigorous. Now, It's not just about the ownership of a company, but it's also about decisive leadership. And, CFOs reflect leadership in their companies."
All the winners of the best CFO awards at the stage for a group photograph.
In its seventh edition (and fifth in partnership with YES Bank), the Business Today Best CFO Awards recognised those who have, perhaps, the most difficult job in corporate India - heading the finance department - at a time when the economy is yet to boom.
The awards were then given away to the winning CFOs with special videos from the jury on why they made it in their respective categories. While there were 10 categories of winners, the prize for the best overall CFO went to Saumen Chakraborty, President and CFO, Dr Reddy's Laboratories. There was also a category for the best woman CFO, which was bagged by NIIT Technology's Pratibha K. Advani.
Click here to Enlarge
Among the other winners were: Petronet LNG Ltd's R.K. Garg who won the Best CFO of a PSU (large); Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation's L. Kulshrestha, who won the Best CFO of a PSU (Medium). Similarly, GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare's S. Ramakrishnan bagged the award for the best CFO of an MNC (large); Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care's Tapan Buch won the Best CFO of an MNC (medium). Subbu Subramaniam of Titan Company won an award for Commitment towards Triple Bottom Line. (See box for the complete list of winners.)
Chakraborty noted how corporate governance is imperative now. "A CFO's life is getting difficult and complex, as he/she has to face challenges continuously and keep adding value to the company, while protecting it as well," Chakraborty said after winning the Best CFO Award.
Goyal also said during his speech that one should look at serving the government as a career option, and that renewable energy has a lot of potential to strengthen the country's energy security. The Minister also said domestic manufacturing is ready to flourish and solar mission will take rapid strides.
YES Bank was the presenting sponsor of the event, and Ipsos was the survey partner. Business Today's upcoming issue profiles the success stories of the winners.
* An earlier version of the story had the company name as Titan Industries in place of Titan Company. Changes have been made.

Only name will change for Bandhan  says GhoshUpdated: September 19, 2014 23:17 IST
Only name will change for Bandhan, says Ghosh
Indrani Dutta
banking
Even as Bandhan Financial Services Pvt. Ltd. (BFSPL) readies itself for its banking foray, its founder-chairman Chandra Shekhar Ghosh says he will offer door-step banking to his new and existing customers, for whom Bandhan will remain the same entity but with which will offer additional services.
“There will be no change in customers or the services that we provide to them, although new services will be added as we emerge as a banking company. For our existing clients, it will be only a change in name from Bandhan Financial Services Pvt. Ltd. to Bandhan Bank Pvt. Ltd.,” he said during an interaction revealing his intent on seamlessly merging the microfinance services into banking operations.
As of August 2014, Bandhan had 58,16,529 borrowers concentrated in the eastern States and in Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh. Its monthly loan disbursal averaged Rs.1,000 crore. BFSPL was set up in 2001.
World Bank arm IFC has an equity holding of around 11 per cent in the Rs.94-crore equity. IFC recently extended a subordinated debt of Rs.160 crore bullet loan to Bandhan.
“We hope to commence our banking activities before next Durga Puja,” he said sitting in his eighth-floor office which overlooks a large swathe of Salt Lake City, a swish residential-cum-commercial satellite township. Durga Puja begins end-September, this year.
It plans a hub-and-spoke model of banking with 600 offices in visible areas, acting as the bank’s face. The 2,016 existing micro-finance offices will be converted into banks, thus becoming the spokes.
Majority work on the 600 offices is already over and Bandhan would mark its footprint in every State. Barring Andhra Pradesh there would be 12 branches in the south, a region where it did not have presence as a micro finance outfit.
Admitting that scamsters were able to loot money due to lack of financial inclusion, Mr. Ghosh said that it was imperative to strike a bond with the un-banked, un-served population. “They must be made to feel that the bank is there to serve them. Bandhan will go to every door step with its banking infrastructure,” he said.
However, what may have surprised Mr. Ghosh most in his journey to morph into a bank is the response received to its advertisement for recruitment.
The ad for 200 jobs for 12 senior and mid-level posts drew 35,000 applications from all over the country.

Bayer to focus on life science bizUpdated: September 19, 2014 23:15 IST
Bayer to focus on life science biz
PTI
health
Germany-headquartered Bayer on Friday said it intended to focus entirely on its life science businesses like healthcare and crop science, while spinning off its polymer division as a separate company.
Its supervisory board unanimously approved the board of management’s plans on Friday, Bayer CEO Marijn Dekkers said in a statement.
“Our intention is to create two top global corporations — Bayer as a world-class innovation company in life science businesses and a leading player in the material science business of polymers,” the statement added.
He said both companies had excellent prospects for success in their respective industries. Employment levels are expected to remain stable over the next few years, both globally and in Germany, where the company is headquartered.
The company said that in recent years, its centre of gravity has shifted towards its life science activities with the successful launch of novel pharmaceutical products, the pending acquisition of Merck & Company Inc USA’s over-the-counter products business, besides the very successful development of its crop science business.
The aim would be to continue the positive development of these activities in the future through further investment in growth, the statement said.

Thompson helps defense prep for Eagles backsBy Mike Jones September 19 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Philadelphia running back LeSean McCoy. (Getty Images)
One of the challenges of preparing for the Philadelphia Eagles involves finding a way to duplicate the speed and elusiveness of running backs LeSean McCoy and Darren Sproles.
Coaches this week used speedy practice squad running back Chris Thompson to play the role of both Sproles and McCoy for the scout team offense. Thompson said he thinks his defensive teammates will be “well prepared” for the Eagles’ tandem.
Thompson has a build and speed that’s similar to that of Sproles. Thompson stands 5-foot-7 and weights 192 pounds. Sproles is 5-6, 187. Thompson ran a 4.42-second 40-yard dash coming out of college, and Sproles clocked a 4.47. (Redskins coaches have said they’d actually like Thompson to develop his game to the point where it resembles Sproles’ elusiveness and pass-catching ability.)
Thompson is smaller than the 5-11, 204-pound McCoy, but they clocked identical 40 times. Thompson said he tried to mimic McCoy’s moves and tactics for eluding tacklers. He also said he had fun executing run plays out of a spread-formation offense, and that the Eagles’ schemes took him back to his college days.
“It’s pretty different from our offense – just being in the I-formation and under center, and being in gun with outside zones – but I ran this kind of stuff in college,” Thompson said. “It’s also fun for me to mimic these guys week in and week out and give them different looks.
“It was fun. I enjoyed playing that whole Sproles role a whole lot.”
Thompson said he felt good about his performances. Cornerback DeAngelo Hall agreed, but added that there’s nothing quite like the real thing.
“We told him to dance around a little bit more than he probably normally would,” Hall said. “[Thompson did] pretty good, but you can’t simulate the kind of action you’re going to get from both of those that you’re going to get in the game. But you do your best and know it’s going to be elevated that much more.”
More from The Post:

http://usat.ly/1uQwFXBFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Restaurant fights Yelp, seeks one-star reviews
A California restaurant is taking on Yelp in a bid to be removed from the site over a co-owner's concerns about whether advertisers get better reviews, which the company denies.
Post to Facebook
Restaurant fights Yelp, seeks one-star reviews A California restaurant is taking on Yelp in a bid to be removed from the site over a co-owner's concerns about whether advertisers get better reviews, which the company denies. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1ubel9S
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
38
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Restaurant fights Yelp, seeks one-star reviews
Ed Brackett , USA TODAY 8:58 a.m. EDT September 18, 2014
The Yelp web site.
1251 CONNECT 124 TWEET 19 LINKEDIN 38 COMMENTEMAILMORE
A California restaurant is taking on Yelp in a bid to be removed from the site over a co-owner's concerns about whether advertisers get better reviews, which the company denies.
Botto Bistro's attention-getting plea to customers: Give us a one-star rating! Please!
Yelp has repeatedly said that the company doesn't interfere with reviews and that businesses that advertise on the site are not treated differently from those that don't — even though a federal court ruled this month that there is nothing wrong with that , anyway. Software filters the reviews to determine ratings and it does not distinguish between those businesses who advertise and those who don't, the company says.
Yelp had not responded to efforts to contact the company for comment as of late Wednesday night Eastern Time.
In an interview with USA TODAY, Botto Bistro co-owner Davide Cerretini declares, "I want to have the worst restaurant in the San Francisco area!"
Botto Bistro, in Richmond near Berkeley, has launched a deliberate attempt to show the world that the restaurant doesn't care what the world thinks of its Italian cuisine — at least the world according to Yelp. And it seems like a good way for the restaurant to get booted from the site, Cerretini figures.
"I'm surprised we are still around on the site," he says. The restaurant, run by Cerretini and fellow Tuscany native Michele Massimo, has been openly mocking Yelp for about six months.
"We have nothing to lose," Cerretini adds. "Worst case, we go back to Italy and cook for mama."
Reviewers on Yelp as of Wednesday night are getting in on the act, with one-star reviewer Mark T. snarkily noting: "My food arrived before I wanted it to come. It was too hot to eat. It brought back all kinds of terrible memories of eating in Italy."
Darrin Z. tacks this on to his one-star review of the San Francisco-area eatery: "I have been here at least 20 times and it is still terrible."
One-star reviewer David S. goes over-the-top negative, noting: "The primary attraction was the small wildlife wandering across the table and I'm pretty sure only the flies on the table enjoyed the meal. Took a doggy bag home; the dog refused it."
The restaurant's average rating as of Wednesday night is 2 1/2 out of 5 stars, with about 100 "recommended" reviews displayed.
Yelp, based in downtown San Francisco, 15 miles from the restaurant, has been a review powerhouse for several years. Its CEO Jeremy Stoppelman is open about his own reviews of businesses on Yelp . One of them included a diss of a now-closed restaurant of Massimo's, Cerretini says.
Cerretini got fed up with what he says were constant phone calls — as many as 15 to 20 a week, he says — from Yelp asking that the restaurant advertise on the site. He says he noticed a pattern that when he did advertise with Yelp — the restaurant paid about $270 a month for six months last year, Cerretini says — the reviews were more positive. But as soon as the restaurant stopped advertising, he says, three bad reviews quickly popped up and a positive review vanished.
He says he has nothing against Yelp — he's just fighting fire with fire.
"You have to look at this way, my friend — this is business," Cerretini says.
Making matters worse — or better — for Botto Bistro is its 25%-off offer for customers who write a one-star review. Cerretini says that prompted an e-mail from someone only identified as "Marvin" from Yelp Support. The e-mail, published on a San Francisco area website, Inside Scoop SF , and dated Monday, cites "complaints from the community that you may be offering incentives in exchange for reviews."
Emphasizing that he and Massimo are "chefs, not cooks" and their food is great, Cerretini gets a laugh out of Botto Bistro's own Yelp profile, which declares, "Bad Tuscan food, bad customer service and horrible attitude."
Cerretini isn't aware of other restaurants using similar tactics to battle with Yelp. He says he is receiving a large number of supportive e-mails as word spreads about his one-star campaign.
1251 CONNECT 124 TWEET 19 LINKEDIN 38 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ubel9S
USA NOW
Three grandmas smoke weed for first time
Nov 22, 2014

Facebook account disabled Here s why you may have been kicked offFacebook account disabled? Here's why you may have been kicked off
New York Times Sep 21, 2014, 03.19AM IST
Tags:
Facebook
By Alina Tugend
Michael Letwin, a lawyer living in New York, went to sign into his Facebook account, as he does almost daily, and received a surprising - and unpleasant - message.
"Your account has been disabled," it said. "If you have any questions or concerns, you can visit our FAQ page." Letwin, who besides his personal page also helps administer a Facebook page for the group Jews for Palestinian Right of Return, clicked onto the FAQ page and found a reference to Facebook's community standards, none of which he felt he violated, along with the option to appeal.
He did. And then he waited. And waited.
Letwin's situation is not unusual, or new. The question of what role social media companies should play - a hands-off observer that steps in only in extreme circumstances, or a curator that decides what goes up and what comes down - has long been debated.
Recently, Twitter refused to allow posts with links to videos of the beheading of the American journalist James Foley. Facebook is involved in a battle with drag queens who had their accounts disabled because they used their stage names in their profiles. Using anything but your real name is a violation of the company's rules. The furor led this week to a meeting with Facebook representatives and a news conference called by a San Francisco supervisor.
"We don't realize how ingrained Facebook is in our everyday lives," a drag queen named Heklina told KNTV in San Jose, California. "I was shut out of Facebook for 24 hours and felt like I had a limb chopped off."
But few users, until they are faced with a similar situation, are aware of how little control they actually have over something they view as their own - their pages, their posts, their photos.
"When Facebook makes a termination decision, it's potentially life-altering for some people," said Eric Goldman, a professor of law at Santa Clara University in California and co-director of the High Tech Law Institute there. "They're cut off to access to their communities" and possibly to their clients.
That is not to say that Goldman thinks social media platforms should be completely unregulated. And, he said, Facebook and other social media companies largely do a good job of monitoring so many users and posts.
His and others' main criticism focuses on transparency.
"The average person's soapbox is now digital, and we're now in a world where the large social media companies have a government-like ability to set social norms," said Lee Rowland, a staff lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union. "It's a massive power and it comes with a responsibility."
These questions arise with all social media, but the relationship users have with Facebook is particularly passionate, Goldman said. Even as some say its impact is waning, it still provides 1.3 billion people - compared, say, with Twitter's 271 million active monthly users - with access to news about their friends and to community groups.
"Our goal has always been to strike an appropriate balance between the interests of people who want to express themselves and the interests of others who may not want to see certain kinds of content," Monika Bickert, head of Facebook's global policy management, wrote in an email.
Social media companies have every legal right to take down content or kick someone off, said Danielle Citron, a professor of law at the University of Maryland School of Law. As private entities, they are not bound by the First Amendment. They also have immunity from liability under the federal Communications Decency Act.
Facebook, like other social media companies, has a list of standards that users agree to abide by when they set up their accounts, even if they never read the standards.
Among other things, they prohibit posting of hate speech (which means individuals or groups cannot attack others based on race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, disability or medical condition), encouragements of self-harm, graphic content or threats of violence. And the user's real name must be used.
Anyone can easily file a report against a user. And Facebook has hundreds of people working around the clock and around the world in 30 languages, reading and responding to reports of violations.
Obviously, many of these categories are open to interpretation. Breast-feeding, for example, is something Facebook has grappled with in the past - essentially, how much of the breast can you show before it becomes graphic?
If Facebook decides to remove content, it sends a warning to the user about the action. People can also be locked out temporarily for a few days or a week. Grounds for immediately disabling an account include using a fake name or promoting child exploitation.
  But Heather Dorsey, who lives in Milwaukee, had not done any of those things when she found herself barred from logging onto Facebook three years ago.

Non-Bailable Warrant issued against BJP MPSriramuluPrint
Press Trust of India | Bellary | Posted: September 20, 2014 7:55 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 8:15 pm
A Bellary court has issued a Non-Bailable Warrant against BJP Lok Sabha member B Sriramulu in connection with a case of cheating filed against him.
The Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate here has ordered the issue of NBW on a complaint of cheating involving Rs 2.96 crore which has been registered against Sriramulu.
A functionary of Sriramulu’s erstwhile party BSR Congress had filed the complaint in April claiming he was promised a ticket by him to contest the Lok Sabha polls or that he would be made an MLC.
Sriramulu had issued a cheque, but it was dishonoured, the complainant, Somashekar from BSR Congress, Mysore district unit, had alleged.
In the complaint, registered with Bellary rural police, Somashekhar alleged that when he approached Sriramulu for not honouring the promise, he was threatened.
Sriramulu had, however, dismissed the allegations as an attempt to tarnish his image and a “political conspiracy” against him.
Sriramulu, a one-time close associate of former minister and mining baron Janardhana Reddy, had floated BSR Congress two years ago but rejoined BJP, leaving his outfit.

Economy  stupid  behind Scotland s  No  vot...The "No" campaign focused on the economic dangers of independence, in particular warning of uncertainty over the currency. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Scots were driven to reject independence in a historic referendum more out of fears over the economic risks of going alone than a strong attachment to the United Kingdom, a survey analysis shows.
The post-referendum survey by independent pollster Lord Michael Ashcroft also reveals that young people voted in droves to break up the centuries-old union - suggesting that a future referendum might go the other way.
The "No" campaign focused on the economic dangers of independence, in particular warning of uncertainty over the currency after the British government said the separatists would not be able to keep the pound.
Ashcroft's survey of 2,047 people who cast ballots in Thursday's referendum, weighted to reflect the 55 per cent who voted against independence, reveals that the message hit home.
When "No" voters were presented with three options explaining their decision, some 47 per cent said the risks were too great when it came to matters such as the currency, EU membership, the economy , jobs and prices.
Around 27 per cent said they were driven by a strong attachment to the United Kingdom, its shared history, culture and traditions.
And around 25 per cent said it was the promise of new powers for the devolved Scottish Parliament that would result in "the best of both worlds".
By contrast, "by far the biggest single driver for 'Yes' voters was disaffection with Westminster politics", said Ashcroft, a former Conservative party donor, in an online commentary.
Seven in 10 "Yes" voters said they were most concerned that decisions about Scotland be taken in Scotland, while 20 per cent said they were driven by the feeling that the future would be brighter as an independent country.
One in 10 said their main reason for backing independence was to ensure they would no longer be ruled by Conservative governments.
British Prime Minister David Cameron's party is currently the biggest in Westminster but has just one Scottish MP.
Warnings that independence was the only way to save the state-run National Health Service (NHS) from savage spending cuts also made their mark, with 54 per cent of "Yes" voters saying it was an important factor.
After a slow burning campaign that reached a frenzy in the last fortnight when opinion polls suggested the "Yes" camp might deliver a shock win, two-thirds of those who made up their minds in the last few days voted "Yes".
Despite the clear result, the survey indicates that the issue of independence has not been decided for good.
Some 71 per cent of 16- to 17-year-olds, who were allowed to vote for the first time in a British election, voted "Yes", while 73 per cent of people over 65 voted "No".
And although Cameron said the issue of independence had now been settled for a generation, many voters believe the referendum may be re-run sooner.
Some 31 per cent said the issue was settled for five years, 17 per cent for a decade, 24 per cent for a generation - while 19 per cent said independence would never be revisited.
The respondents were interviewed by telephone and online.

300 Kurds cross from Turkey to Syria to fight jihadists300 Turkish Kurds cross to Syria to fight jihadists
AFP
print
At least 300 Kurdish fighters crossed from Turkey into Syria overnight to battle jihadists from the Islamic State group trying to seize a strategic border town, a monitor said Saturday.
The reinforcements arrived as Kurdish officials and the Syrian opposition urged the international community to prevent the "ethnic cleansing" of the strategic town of Ain al-Arab, known by the Kurds as Kobane.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the Kurdish fighters had joined the Syrian Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) in their fight against IS.
The jihadist organisation has been fighting since Tuesday night to try to capture Ain al-Arab, and has seized 60 villages in the area.
The fighting has prompted a mass exodus into Turkey, which opened its border on Friday to fleeing Kurds and has since received 45,000 people, according to officials.
At the same time, the fate of at least 800 residents of the captured villages remains "unknown," the Observatory says.
Read: IS jihadists capture 60 Kurdish villages in Syria
The clashes prompted Syria's opposition National Coalition to urge air strikes to "stop mass atrocities" if IS advances into Ain al-Arab.
"Air strikes are needed to help opposition forces protect vulnerable civilians," the coalition's US representative Najib Ghadbian said.
Key Syrian Kurdish official Salih Muslim Mohamed, a leader of the Democratic Union Party (PYD), launched his own appeal for aid.
He urged the United States and Europe to help Ain al-Arab avoid the fate of the Iraqi town of Sinjar, which has been emptied of its Yazidi minority residents in the wake of an IS onslaught.
"Kobane is facing the most barbaric attack in its history," he warned.
"If you want to avoid an ethnic cleansing even more barbaric than that in Sinjar, you must support Kobane because the next few hours will be decisive," he added in a statement.
"Kobane is waiting for your urgent action."
Read: US Congress okays Obama plan to train Syria rebels
The Observatory also reported Saturday that IS had executed at least 11 Kurds, among them two teenagers, in the area around the town.
Ain al-Arab is Syria's third-largest Kurdish town, and capturing it would give IS control of a long stretch of the country's northern border with Turkey.
The Observatory said fighting was continuing on Saturday, with heavy clashes in the vicinity of the town.

Seat sharing: No new proposal from Sena  says BJPComments
The Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) may have pledged to keep their alliance alive, amidst the seat-sharing row, but Saturday’s developments continued to threaten the country’s oldest alliance, with state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis objecting to the Sena’s revised offer.
Advertisement
Sources said, in a late night development, the BJP asked its district chiefs to be prepared for any outcome of the talks. The party has also identified candidates for all 288 Assembly seats if talks fail.
The Sena had earlier on Saturday proposed to give the BJP 126 seats, but only if nine of these seats are given to smaller allies. The Sena would keep 155 and give seven seats to ally Swabhimani Paksha.
“After giving away nine seats to allies, we will have only 117 seats for us,” Fadnavis said, after his meeting with Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray to discuss the seat sharing.
Earlier, Subhash Desai (the Sena leader who conveyed the offer to BJP) had asked Fadnavis to get in touch with Uddhav after thinking about the offer.
Sena leader Anil Desai - among the two leaders who conveyed the offer to the BJP at MP Poonam Mahajan’s residence - maintained there was no tension between the allies and expected the BJP to keep his party informed of the decision the BJP’s core committee takes. The core committee met twice on Saturday.
The core committee, however, was not happy with the Sena’s offer. Senior leaders even asked party high command to break the alliance, instead of facing consistent humiliation.
“Are we fools to accept this insane offer? Earlier they offered us 119, including a share for allies. The Sena must come down to 140 or else face break-up,” a leader told the core committee.
BJP’s state poll in-charge OP Mathur, who has been interacting with Sena leaders, including Thackeray’s son Aaditya, led a fresh round of talks on Friday night. The core committee has finalised a list of candidates to be approved by the high command.
 “Our central parliamentary board will meet in New Delhi on Sunday,” Mathur said.
Read: Seat-sharing row: Allies Shiv Sena, BJP try and hold on for now
BJP sources said their high command will take a decision only after the meeting between Fadnavis and Thackeray. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, his Cabinet colleague Nitin Gadkari and party president Amit Shah are monitoring the situation, they said.
Earlier this week, the Sena, with an eye on the chief minister’s post, refused to reduce its share from 169 (of 288) that it had in the 2009 polls. After offering the BJP 119 seats on Thursday, it revised the figure to 126, but with the rider of the nine seats.
 The BJP, however, insisted on 130 seats – five less than its earlier demand. It asked the Sena to come down to 140 seats and distribute the remaining 18 between four other allies. The BJP’s demand is based on the results of the Lok Sabha polls in May, where it won 23 seats and the Sena, 18.
The BJP has also been citing the fact that there are 59 Assembly seats the Sena has never won.
Talks between the allies was about to collapse last week, after Thackeray questioned the impact of a Modi wave for the state polls. Thackeray will meet Sena’s district unit chiefs on Sunday, where he may speak on the ongoing tussle over seat-sharing.
Meanwhile, the Election Commission issued a notification for the Assembly polls on Saturday. The returning officers started accepting nominations from candidates and the last date for this is September 27.

Datawind to launch smartphone with free internetNew Delhi, September 18, 2014
Updated: September 18, 2014 16:21 IST
Datawind to launch smartphone with free internet
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu The supercheap "Aakash" tablet manufactured by Datawind. With an aim to double its volumes, low-cost mobile devices maker Datawind on Thursday said it will launch a Rs. 2,000 smartphone before Diwali that will come bundled with free Internet for life. File photo
TOPICS
science and technology
With an aim to double its volumes, low-cost mobile devices maker Datawind on Thursday said it will launch a Rs. 2,000 smartphone before Diwali that will come bundled with free Internet for life.
The company said the device will be based on Android operating system and have a 3.5 inch size.
Datawind currently has three smartphones and 5 tablets under its portfolio and is selling 40,000-50,000 devices every month.
“We are looking forward to launch our Rs. 2,000 smartphone and few other devices before Diwali and intent is to double our sales by the end of this calender year,” Datawind Executive vice-president Rupinder Singh said here.
He added the company is in talks with three mobile operators for the lifetime free Internet offer but refused to divulge more details as the deal is yet to be finalised.
Asked about manufacturing in the country, Mr. Singh said the company has aggressive plans but did not mention any timeline for implementation.
Datawind had won the contract to supply 1 lakh units of Aakash tablets priced at $49.98 apiece in 2011, translated into a price of Rs. 2,276 at that time.
The project was then handled by IIT Jodhpur which provided the specifications for the product. It, however, ran into controversy following IIT Jodhpur rejecting the devices manufactured by Datawind.
The project was then shifted under IIT Bombay and Datawind was asked to supply better version of the product, Aakash 2.
Mr. Singh said the company had in May last year shipped all the tablets to the government.
The Aakash project was former minister Kapil Sibal’s brainchild. The idea was to provide low-cost computing device at subsidised rate to students to enable them access Internet for educational purposes.
Communications and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad in a recent press conference said Aakash project needs better specifications.
Asked if Datawind would be interested if the government comes out with a tender for Aakash, Mr. Singh said, “Absolutely we will be interested in that. Just a couple of months before the elections, a tender was opened for Aakash 4 by DGS&D and we emerged as the lowest bidder.”

China fines GlaxoSmithKline $490 millionUpdated: September 19, 2014 14:27 IST
China fines GlaxoSmithKline $490 million
Reuters
AP A court on Friday fined drug maker GlaxoSmithKline 490 million for bribing doctors and hospitals to use its products.
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
China has fined British pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline Plc 3 billion yuan ($490 million) for paying out bribes in what is a record penalty for China, Xinhua said on Friday.
A court in Changsha has also sentenced Mark Reilly, the former head of GSK in China, and other GSK executives to between two and four years in jail, Xinhua added.
The verdict, handed out behind closed doors in a single-day trial according to Xinhua, is the culmination of a Chinese probe into the British drug maker, which Chinese authorities made public in July 2013.
Chinese police said then that the firm had funnelled up to 3 billion yuan to travel agencies to facilitate bribes to doctors and officials.
GSK said in a statement on their website on Friday that the activities by the firm's China unit were a "clear breach" of GSK's governance and compliance procedures.
"Reaching a conclusion in the investigation of our Chinese business is important, but this has been a deeply disappointing matter for GSK. We have and will continue to learn from this," GSK CEO, Andrew Witty, said in the statement.

BPCL to book capacity in LNG terminalsBPCL to book capacity in LNG terminals
Kalpana Pathak | Mumbai Sep 20, 2014 08:36 PM IST
State-run Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd is considering booking one-three million tonnes per annum of capacity in liquefied natural gas terminals on the country’s east and west coasts. A feasibility study for a terminal with capacity of two-three mtpa, expandable to five mtpa, will be carried out. This will be in addition to the LNG terminal the company plans to build in Mangalore, in association with ONGC.
BPCL also holds 12.5 per cent stake in Petronet LNG, a company formed by the Centre to import LNG. “We are looking at booking capacities in LNG terminals. For our international business, we are looking for long-term gas and have signed an agreement with foreign players to import two million tonnes (mt) of gas,” said S Varadarajan, chairman and MD, BPCL.
Through the next four years, BPCL plans to spend about Rs 45,000 crore on a series of projects in refining, marketing, and exploration & production. This will include expanding the capacity of its Kochi refinery from 9.5 mt to 15.5 mt, at a cost of Rs 16,500 crore. The company will also invest Rs 2,900 crore to expand the capacity of its Bina refinery from six mt to eight mt. After the expansion, it might also launch an initial public offering for the Bina refinery (a joint venture with Oman Oil).
BPCL will also lay India's first cross-country pipeline, which will extend to Bangladesh. Assam-based Numaligarh Refineries Ltd (NRL), its subsidiary, will soon begin work on laying the 170-km pipeline, from Siliguri in West Bengal to Parbatipur in Bangladesh.
NRL, which will export high-speed diesel and motor spirit to Bangladesh, is preparing a detailed feasibility report on the matter. It is expected the report will be completed by December this year and the company will begin exporting petroleum products to Nepal, Bangladesh and Myanmar next year.
NRL is expanding capacity from the current three mtpa to nine mtpa; BPCL will spend about Rs 13,000 crore on expanding the refinery by 2017-18.
Earlier this year, the company had signed an agreement with Nepal-based Birat Petroleum Pvt Ltd (BPPL) for sale of high-speed diesel and motor spirit. These will be transported from the Siliguri marketing terminal to Biratnagar, Nepal. NRL is expected to sell about 100 kilo litres of motor spirit and 5,000 kilo litres of HSD a month to BPPL. The overall demand for petroleum products in Nepal is about one mtpa.
In the upstream segment, BPCL will invest about $2 billion (Rs 12,000 crore) on its blocks in Mozambique and Brazil in the coming years.
"We have been trying to put in place a mechanism through which BPCL's balance sheet can be relieved. Based on our discoveries, we have an SBLC (standby letter of credit) range of $2 billion and with that, we have taken foreign currency loans of $900-950 million. This is for the Mozambique asset. As far as upstream is concerned, we have spent about $1.3 billion. Of this, $680 million has gone into exploration in the Brazil block and $480 million for operations in Mozambique," said D Raj Kumar, chief executive and managing director, Bharat Petro Resources Ltd (BPRL), BPCL's exploration arm.
He added, "We are talking to the Mozambique government to see that we have a stable legal, fiscal and contractual regime in place. This stability will mean the operations will be insulated from any change in taxes, rules or regulations."
For the Mozambique block, the consortium members are Anadarko Mocambique Area 1 Limitada (26.5 %), BPRL Ventures Mozambique (10 %), Beas Rovuma Energy Mozambique (10 %), ONGC Videsh Ltd (10 %), Cove Energy Mozambique Rovuma Offshore (8.5 %) and Mitsui E&P Mozambique Area 1 Ltd (20 %) and Empressa Nacional de Hidrocarbonetos EP (15 %).
The consortium plans to set up two LNG trains, of five mtpa each, with a provision of expansion in the future. Members of the consortium have tied up two-thirds of the gas with customers in Japan, China and Thailand, and are in talks with Indian companies, too.

Jack Ma s fortune soars to $25.4 billion after Alibaba s blockbuster NYSE debutE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Is Apple Inc losing its  cool  factorE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Turkey secures release of Isis-held hostagesLast updated: September 20, 2014 6:33 pm
Turkey opens border for 60,000 Syrian Kurdish refugees
By Piotr Zalewski
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5c401e6-40ba-11e4-9ce5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Southwest monsoon set to withdraw from parts of North West IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Confidence  but no extension talks  from Capitals to GreenBy Alex Prewitt September 20 Follow @alex_prewitt
(John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Back on July 1, after Capitals general manager Brian MacLellan signed defensemen Brooks Orpik and Matt Niskanen to lucrative deals worth a combined $67.75 million, a residual question arose, impacted by the two former Penguins hired to shore up Washington’s blue line:
What does this mean for Mike Green?
At the time, MacLellan answered with confidence. The two-time Norris Trophy runner-up was still part of the organization’s plans, he said, despite an inconsistent season limited by conservative defensive assignments and marked by untimely turnovers. No, he continued, having Orpik and Niskanen did not make Green expendable. They just wanted him “back on track.”
MacLellan repeated that confidence on Friday, the opening of Capitals training camp, though since July his praise Green had always been followed by a coda: “When he’s playing well.”
Green can be one of the NHL’s “elite power play players,” when he’s playing well.
Green is “one of the best defensemen in the league,” when he’s playing well.
And so this upcoming season, the final for Green on a contract that had paid him $6.083 million annually since 2012-13, was dubbed by MacLellan as a “feeling-out period,” because though MacLellan assumed Green would continue to play a role in Washington, he needed to see more before opening the lines for extension talk. (To be fair, Joel Ward, Eric Fehr, Jay Beagle, Aaron Volpatti, John Erskine and Jack Hillen all enter unrestricted free agency next summer too.)
“No, I think there’s a lot of uncertainty here,” MacLellan said, when asked if negotiations had begun. “I think we need to get into the season, see how our D pans out, what the pairs are like, how it looks. I think we need to play some games.”
Often paired with Dmitry Orlov, Green posted a 51.8 percent Corsi-for last season and his 38 points – 23 at even-strength – led the Capitals, but the inconsistency came from defensive zone giveaways and his even-strength goals-for percentage (44.8) was a career-low.
Under Trotz, who wants to return Green to his puck-moving strengths, the Capitals hope their third highest-paid player can regain the form shown in the late 2000s, when his points twice topped 70, his Corsi-for topped 54 percent and his stock was never higher.
“I think he’ll benefit from the guys we brought in,” MacLellan said. “There’s going to be less pressure on him to put up points. There will be less pressure on him to carry the load for our team. We’ve got five really solid players back there that can carry the load at different times.
“Brooks Orpik’s going to add a lot. I don’t know if he’ll be paired with Mike Green, but whatever pair he’s on is going to take probably the heavy matchups. That’s going to free Mike up to play the way he wants to play. Hopefully it’s loose, hopefully it’s fun to watch. He moves the puck well. He jumps in the play well. All those things, we’re looking for Mike for this year.”
A member of Trotz’s leadership group, and one of three assistant captains last season, Green has been embraced by the new regime as a central piece, something of which he has taken notice.
“I’m just excited,” he said. “Very encouraging with the new coaches and the mentality that’s been implemented here over the last three months since they’ve taken over. It’s been very encouraging, very excited to get going.”
Yet whether the Capitals and Green’s camp begin extension talks sometime later, MacLellan said, hinges on whether the fresh start turns into results.
“I think we want to see where he’s at,” MacLellan said. ‘I imagine he wants to identify where his role is going to be and the comfort level with our organization and our coaching staff and management.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

MSME units in Bengal hit by infrastructure deficiencies: Kalraj MishraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

I&B ministry want more govt news to be given to DD  AIRNew Delhi, September 20, 2014
Updated: September 20, 2014 20:40 IST
I&B ministry want more govt news to be given to DD, AIR
PTI
The Hindu A news telecast on live at Doordarshan Kendra in Chennai. A file photo: R. Ragu.
The Hindu A file picture of Akashvani building in New Delhi. Photo: V.V. Krishnan.
TOPICS
television
Information and Broadcasting Ministry has asked all ministries and departments to be more forthcoming in sharing news and advertisements with public broadcasters Doordarshan and AIR for wider dissemination considering the fact that their reach is up to remote places.
Information and Broadcasting Secretary Bimal Julka has written a letter earlier this week saying there should be encouragement to share more news and advertisements with DD and AIR after complaints that they are ignored.
“I said we should encourage sharing of more news and advertisements with DD and AIR because of their sheer reach. They even cover rural areas,” Julka said in New Delhi on Saturday.
He said his letter was warranted as there were complaints that several departments do not share news and advertisements with DD and AIR.
He denied suggesting to ministries that the news and advertisements should be given only to DD and AIR and not to private news channels and print media.
“We did not say give news and advertisements only to DD and AIR. We greatly value all news channels and print media,” Mr. Julka said.
Advocating the need for giving more advertisements to DD, he said the public broadcaster has a good advertisement package.

Chandigarh: Printing press issued notice for violating poll code2
0
Chandigarh: A printing press has been slapped with a notice for alleged violation of poll code after it published advertisement posters fora BJP candidate but did not mention its name and publisher on the pamphlets.
Returning Officer of Gurgaon Assembly constituency issued notice to the printing press for violation of Model Code of Conduct under Section 127 A of Representation of People Act 1951.
BJP candidate Umesh Aggarwal from Gurgaon seat had given order to Shri Balaji Publication Printing Press for printing 22,000 posters and he had received the printed pamphlets with bill on September 14.
printing press for violation of Model Code of Conduct under Section 127 A of Representation of People Act 1951.
#printing press #notice #bjp
The MP, who was also issued notice for alleged violation of poll code, admitted in his reply that "due to typing error of the printer, the print line and number were not visible in the advertisement and the mistake was unintentional."
Considering it as violation of Section 127 A of Representation of People Act 1951, the RO sent a notice to Shri Balaji Publication Printing Press and asked it to reply within 48 hours.
"Poster, pamphlets etc. should have name of printing press and publisher printed on it," according to District Election Officer-cum-Deputy Commissioner.
Apart from this, it is also mandatory for political parties and candidates to inform the concerned Returning Officer regarding number of posters and pamphlets printed.
In case of violation, there is a provision to register a case against the defaulter under Sub-Section 4 of Section 127 A of Representation of People Act 1951. It is punishable with six months imprisonment or a fine of Rs 2,000.
Elections to Haryana assembly are scheduled to be held on October 15.
2

Liberia needs more than just a serum to defeat EbolaEbola
September 20, 2014
Liberia is fighting a war, which has already killed hundreds and is showing no signs of relenting. We health workers are in the front line of this war, and count for over 8% of the victims Ebola in West Africa.
We’re called “front liners,” “national heroes,” “true patriots” and yet we are not paid proportionally to the risk we are taking, nor are we provided with the necessary gear to minimize the chance of contagion, or given the vital psychological support as we watch our colleagues die. The families of those who die aren’t given support, even though they may have lost their sole breadwinner.
Every Ebola victim is first of all a human who deserves to be treated with dignity and accorded all the inalienable rights, including the provision of holistic medical service of which quality social and mental health support are fundamental component. Ebola victims particularly need to have access to professional counseling because they are not just victims of physical illness but of gross discrimination and abject neglect. In most cases, Ebola’s victims are prey to minor depression, which speedily degenerates into acute depression, which can be a staunch barrier to physical healing.
But this isn’t true only of the victims—health workers experience vicarious trauma and we need to feel that the Ministry of Health and Social Welfare and the Ebola National Task Force consider it their priority to guarantee support and care for us, as well as for the victims.
When doctor Kent Brantly and his colleague Nancy Writebol chose to serve in the Ebola treatment center, they fearlessly did so for many reasons knowing very well (as all Americans do) that in the worst-case scenario their government would watch their backs. Sure enough, when the worst situation occurred, the US didn’t default on its promises and eventually airlifted and treated the ill in their best facilities.
Dare Liberia not raise the argument that we lack the capacity to follow suit: when the same happened before our eyes, our heroes and heroines were not given the best treatment.
I have not lost hope in Liberia. On the contrary, despite the unfavorable figures and data, I still believe that we have a chance in fierce fight against Ebola. But to make it, we have to change a few things now:
Redefine the role of psychological and social support in our national strategy against Ebola and get mental health clinicians, social workers and counselors trained and on board speedily.
Assign at least four social workers or counselors to every Ebola treatment unit.
Let victims in the units, survivors of the disease and their families have access to psychological support as soon as possible.
Hire and train data entry clerks and four data analysts to track and analyze data related to survivors, patients’ death, their families’ locations and contacts, and the frequency of counseling sessions provided to them.
Pay health workers their overdue salary and add some incentive to motivate us.
Enforce the rewarding practice of debriefing, self-care and vicarious trauma counseling session for all staffers at the Ebola treatment units.
This isn’t done by simply waving a magic wand; there are hurdles and constraints of all sorts. Yet I am of the staunch conviction that if the right people are empowered, monitored and listened to, we as a nation can overall prevail against Ebola and other foes as we have with sweat, blood and diligence overcome in the past.
We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:

Bill Gates in bid to boost charity amongst India s richBill Gates in bid to boost charity amongst India s rich
India @ 9 with Shreya DhoundialIndia @ 9 with Shreya Dhoundial
CNN-IBN | Sep 20, 2014 at 09:58pm
Catch the day's top stories on India @ 9 with Shreya Dhoundial.
Add your comments
Maharashtra: Shiv Sena ready to go with BJP's choice of CM
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Sushma Swaraj s sister  former Congress men among BJP candidates for Haryana assembly pollsSep 20, 2014 at  10:36pm IST
Sushma Swaraj's sister, former Congress men among BJP candidates for Haryana assembly polls
8
0
New Delhi: BJP on Saturday night announced the 47 remaining candidates for Haryana assembly elections who include Union Minister Sushma Swaraj's younger sister Vandana Sharma and two former Congress MPs and a former minister in BS Hooda government in the state.
The BJP's Central Election Committee met in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and cleared the names of 47 nominees. With this, the party completed the choice of all its 90 candidates for the October 15 Assembly elections in Haryana.
The party's CEC also declared four of its candidates for the assembly bypolls in Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Nagaland and Gujarat.
The BJP's Central Election Committee met in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and cleared the names of 47 nominees.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #congress #bjp #sushma swaraj
The party's CEC met under the chairmanship of BJP chief Amit Shah and was attended by other members including Union Ministers Rajnath Singh, Sushma Swaraj, Arun Jaitley, Ananth Kumar and Thawarchand Gehlot and Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan who was recently inducted into the panel.
Vandana Sharma has been fielded from Safidon constituency and former MPs Surender Barwala, who had recently quit INLD to join the party, is BJP candidate in Jind seat. Another former Congress MP Jitendra Malik has been fielded from Ganaur constituency.
Former State Minister Santosh Sarwan, who was in Congress and was part of Bhajan Lal government, has been fielded by BJP from Mulana (SC) seats.
BJP general secretary and CEC's secretary J P Nadda said the party has tried to give representation to all sections.
BJP leader and incharge of Haryana affairs Jagdish Mukhi said the party has fielded 15 women leaders, which is the highest by any party so far.
Party general secretary (organisation) Ram Lal, besides Shahnawaz Hussain and Haryana state leaders Rambilas Sharma, Anil Vig and Anil Jain and party's Haryana affairs in-charge Jagdish Mukhi and election in-charge in the state Kailash Vijayvargiya were also present.
1

Delhi: Over 1500 participate in march on climate change14
1
New Delhi: Over 1500 people on Saturday took part in a march from Mandi House to Jantar Mantar here to press for stronger action on climate change, a statement said.
"India saw its largest ever climate change mobilisation with over 1500 people coming out onto the streets of New Delhi to press for intervention on climate change," the statement from South Asia Campaign Coordinator of People's Climate March said.
Citizens across the board from college students to rickshaw pullers, from school students to daily wage workers, from artists to working professionals, came out to demand action on climate change, the statement said.
A memorandum suggesting that India should take swift action on climate change was submitted to the prime minister's office.
#delhi #climate change #march #memorandum
A memorandum suggesting that India should take swift action on climate change was submitted to the prime minister's office.
"The memorandum contained what we call the 'citizen's climate agenda. We spoke to as many people as possible from experts to climate change affected persons to organisations working in the domain and have come up with actionable solutions," said Chaitanya Kumar, organiser, People's Climate March.
7

Police launch drive on easing ambulance movement on Mumbai roadsSep 20, 2014 at 09:42pm IST
Police launch drive on easing ambulance movement on Mumbai roads
10
0
Mumbai: Mumbai police on Saturday launched an initiative to raise awareness among the citizens about allowing swift plying of ambulances through traffic snarls so that they proceed to hospital without any hassles and patients promptly get medical aid.
The Mumbai Traffic Police's drive titled 'Make Way for Ambulance' was on Saturday launched here by Police Commissioner Rakesh Maria with Bollywood actress Rani Mukherjee being the Chief Guest.
Describing it as probably one of the most ambitious and prestigious programmes undertaken by police, Maria said, "The entire might of the city police shall be behind the initiative to make it a success."
The Mumbai Traffic Police's drive titled 'Make Way for Ambulance' was on Saturday launched here by Police Commissioner Rakesh Maria with Bollywood actress Rani Mukherjee being the Chief Guest.
#mumbai police #ambulance #rani mukherjee #make way for ambulance
"Most of the time police come into picture when a person is dead. We would now like to play an active role in saving a life. We need to educate the citizens about the importance of the 'golden hour', which will ensure whether the person is going to live or die."
Making an appeal to the citizens to be part of the drive, Maria stated, "Life and death are not in the hands of humans, but at least we can play our part to ensure the medical aid reaches the patient on time. Let's take a pledge that we will clear our way for an ambulance whenever we hear the siren so that the emergency vehicle reaches the hospital faster."
Explaining the role of traffic police in the initiative, he said, "Ambulance service providers are requested to dial the number 8879221100 and inform the police whenever they fetch a critical patient. We will ensure that ambulances touch the destination by clearing the route it would ply."
Mukherjee, who also pledged to give way to ambulance, said, "I am sure the phenomenal drive succeeds and should be taken up in other parts of country. I have come across such scenes where ambulances are stuck in packed roads in the city.
Due to this campaign, I think there will be a huge difference."
16

New Zealand PM promises business as usual after winning third term (Roundup)New Zealand PM promises business as usual after winning third term (Roundup)
CBI files perjury plea against Prashant BhushanCBI files perjury plea against Prashant Bhushan
Bangladeshi delegation meets AzadBangladeshi delegation meets Azad
Sail easily available @62 after fpo....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Good night gtl investorsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

GVK s Oz partner seeks more time for investmentGVK's Oz partner seeks more time for investment
Dev Chatterjee | Mumbai Sep 20, 2014 08:37 PM IST
GVK’s Australian partner Aurizon has decided to postpone its commitment to their coal mine development project till early next year. This will delay the project’s timeline by two years as coal prices keep falling and make it less viable to mine coal in the near future.
This is bad news for the Hyderabad company as it will have to incur $90 million of interest and operating cost per annum with no revenue in sight for two years. And to make matters worse, GVK will have to shell out $560 million by this month-end to Hancock Prospecting as payment for the takeover of the mine. Bankers say the deadline is likely to be extended as coal prices have fallen from $150 a tonne in 2011 when the deal was signed to $70 a tonne as of today.
Aurizon, Australia’s biggest railway company, was to set up 500 km railway and port infrastructure in Australia to transport coal from the Galilee basin to the coast. Aurizon had picked up a 51 per cent  stake in the infrastructure facility. But with coal prices falling globally, it is becoming uneconomical for Indian companies to mine coal in Australia and ship it to customers in Asia.
GVK had planned investments worth $10 billion in Australia for development of coal mines, including $6 billion in railway and port infrastructure. The original plan was to mine coal from 2014.
An email sent to GVK seeking its comments did not receive any response.
GVK is not alone in its Australian adventure. Lanco and Adani are two other companies that have invested in coal mines. While Lanco’s project is still to make money, Adani is contemplating sale of its stake in its Australian port project for close to $2 billion. Adani is planning a massive investment of $16.5 billion to develop coal mines in the Queensland province of Australia but is facing opposition from the green brigade.
Lanco’s Australian subsidiary Griffin Coal’s production has hit a new low of 0.61 million tonnes for the June quarter, down 25 per cent year on year, according to stock exchange data. The Indian company had acquired Griffin Coal for $605 million in 2011.
HIT BY A HURDLE
GVK’s Australian partner, Aurizon, has decided to postpone its commitment to its coal mine development project till early next year
 
This would delay the project by two years as coal prices keep falling and make it less viable to mine coal in the near future

